2036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
character are disbursed by the Army. Then
comes the item for public buildings and grounds.
I could not awhile ago tell my friend from In-
diana what that amounted to, but I see that
the estimate for this year is $1,426,769, under
the direction of the War Department. All the
custom-houses and court-houses and post
offices are built under the direction of the
Treasury Department; but other public works,
including the custody of this Capitol and the
Washington aqueduct, are under the direction
of the military engineers. Even the custody
of the public grounds here is under the War
Department, because they are placed under the
charge of a military officer. The Army esti-
mates proper submitted to us were $51,000,000,
and they are now reduced by this bill to
$33,000,000, and that is all that ought to be
charged to the Army. If the Army does not
cost us over forty or forty-five millions I shall
be very well satisfied. My impression is that
the appropriations contained in this bill are
not sufficient and that we shall have next De-
cember to makeup a deficiency by a deficiency
bill. If, however, the proper authorities can
conduct the Army with an expenditure of
$33,000,000, the country may be satisfied and
we shall be able to reduce taxation a great
deal more than we have yet; bu! I have no
anticipation of anything of that kind.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, a little more
than one half of all the expenses of the Army
in the last year were those of the quartermas-
ter's department, amounting to $48,000,000;
and that was occasioned by our troubles on
the frontier; by the necessity of moving troops
and furnishing them supplies at enormous
prices, caused by Indian wars. The Depart-
ment has estimated for $20,000,000 for this pur-
pose for this year; but the Committees on
Appropriations have allowed only $7,500,000.
I think, then, that whatever may have been
the expenses of the Army last year, they afford
no criterion as to the necessary expenses of
the Army this year.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend thebill by
striking " $10,000," and inserting " $101,000"
in line one hundred and fifty-four of section
one; sb as to make the clause read:
For Benicia arsenal, Bcnieia, California, 4101,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do I understand that the
amendment is to appropriate $101,000, instead
of $10,000, as reported for that item 1
Mr. COiJNESS. Yes, sir. Mr. President,
in dealing with this item the House commit-
tee evidently simply struck blindly at the ap-
propriation. If they had noticed and abided
by, in any respect whatever, the estimates of
appropriations sent in from the Department,
they would have found the items that I will
now read, and I ask the attention of the Sen-
ate while I read them:
Benicia Arsenal, Benicia, California:
First. For permanent barracks for one hundred en-
listed men, with cistern for the same $53,000
Second, For guard-house and fire-engine
house, under one roof,  11,500
Third. For brick stable  7,000
Fourth. For office building  11,500
Ftflk. For officers' quarters  18,000
Total .$101,000
These "remarks" accompany the estimate,
showing the condition of that post:
"Bernards.—First, there are no permanent barracks
now at this arsenal, and tho enlisted men are quartered
in an old wooden building, not plastered or lined,with
a decayed shingle roof and decayed weather-board-
ing. There is also not sufficientspacein this building
for the proper accommodation of tho men. The cis-
tern is necessary, as all the rainwater that can be
obtained is needed for tho use of the post.
Second, third, and fourth, the guard-house, office,
and stable now in use are old buildings put up for
temporary service, and always requiring repair. In-
stead of constant expenditures for patching up these
buildings, it is better to ercctpormanentstruotures."
The last item may be dispensed with, but the
first is essentially necessary. I wish to read
in this connection a letter that I hold in my
hand from the commanding officer at that post,
addressed to myself, dated Benicia, February
11, 1868:
" DeakSik: I put in an estimate for $132,858 for
the fiscal year commencing July 1,1868. This would
have gone toward completing this arsenal, which is
the only source of supply for Utah, Arizona, Wash-
ington, Oregon, Alaska, and California. The War
Department, even exercising the rigid economy
which has characterized it lately, has only reduced
this amount to $101,000. Please see that the commit-
tee do not reduce it any further. This arsenal is a
new ono and has never been completed. We should
have had the whole amount of my estimate as I
reduced it myself as far as I could conscientiously."
Now, Mr. President, it is not contemplated
to keep the one hundred men that are at that
post in a building described according as I,
have read from this book. I will modify my
amendment, however, so as to confine the ap-
propriation to what is actually necessary to
protect the men from the weather, which is
$53,000. I modify the amendment so as to
propose to insert $53,000 in place of $10,000;
and I think the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, with this statement before him,
will not object to that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am not sure
that I have the information on this subject
which would authorize me to resist the honor-
able Senator to any very great extent, if I did
not feel that it would lead to other difficulties.
If he will look at the appropriations he will
see that they have been cut down generally.
This item is fixed at what it is, based on a gen-
eral reduction ; and though the reduction looks
pretty strong in his case, he will find that it is
equally strong in others. My apprehension is
that if I allow the Senator's amendment to go
without objection, I may be embarrassed by
movements from other quarters. I refer the
Senator to the ease of the Watertown arsenal,
Massachusetts. The estimate in that case is
$140,000; but he will see by the bill that but
$15,000 are appropriated.
Mr. CONNESS. That is a place of manu-
facture, is it not ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think it is.
Now, if you look at the reasons for the esti-
mates, I think the Senator will find that they
are about as strong in favor of Watertown as
those in favor of the particular arsenal in which
he feels interested.
Mr. CONNESS. I will call the Senator's
attention to the fact that that appropriation for
Watertown arsenal is for the manufacture of
arms. It is a question of policy as to whether
we shall continue to manufacture at the rate
we have heretofore, while the appropriation in
the case of which I speak, and in regard to
which I have now moved the amendment, is
simply for shelter for the men, where the tes-
timony is clear and conclusive that they are
not covered from the rain and weather. Be-
sides, the honorable Senator will find by apply-
ing a general rule here that the reduction is
frequently one half, a quarter, and sometimes
five times, but that in this case the reduction
is ten times, being evidently the merest guess-
work in the world, a mere cut at the appro-
priation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Quite as much
so at Watertown.
Mr. CONNESS. But I have already stated
that that is a place for the manufacture of
arms. At the Benicia arsenal there is no man-
ufactory of arms ; nor is this a provision for
anything except simply to protect one hundred
men that are necessary to be stationed there
to take care of the arms that are in existence.
It is the only place of supply for the whole
Pacific coast. While I join in the general dis-
position for the reduction of appropriations,
yet it does not appear to comport at all with
any regard for the public service to resist such
a motion as that I now make.
Mr. WILLIAMS. How much do you pro-
pose to appropriate ?
Mr. CONNESS. I move to insert $53,000,
which is a reduction from the lowest estimate,
which is $101,000, and which is the estimate
alone, as stated in the estimates for appropri-
ations for this purpose:
" There are no permanent barracks now at this
arsenal, and the enlisted men are quartered in an old
wooden building, not plastered or lined, with a de-
cayed shingle roof and decayed weather-boarding.
There is also not sufficient space in this building for
the proper accommodation of the men. The cistern
is necessary, as all the rain water that can be ob-
tained is needed for the use of the post."
I propose to leave out all the other items of
the estimates which contemplate the building
of a guard-house, office, stable, &c. The es-
timate for the construction of this necessary
building to protect these men and the cistern
is $53,000. Here it is in the estimates :
For permanent barracks for one hundred enlisted
men, with cistern for the same, $53,000.
I hope there will be no objection to that,
because it is the very next thing to a crime to
gather men together and not protect them from,
the weather.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have no in-
formation on this subject; but it is obvious
enough that the appropriations from the House
were made entirely upon the ground that no
improvements were to be made; that they
would not go into the question of making per-
manent improvements at the present time.
That seems to be the basis. Now, it will be
seen that this item is for permanent barracks
for a certain number of soldiers at this place.
The necessity for it grows out of the fact that
they are in an old and decayed building. That
is pretty obvious. I have said perhaps all that
it is necessary for me to say on the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the
question on the amendment, and declared that
the ayes appeared to have it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I shall have to
ask for a division of the Senate upon this
amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it, otherwise we cannot get a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not hear what was
stated by the honorable member from Califor-
nia very distinctly. I rise now to ask him if the
statement made by the officer in command is
that a larger appropriation than this $10,000 is
necessary to preserve the building as it is. Is
it in a state of decay ?
Mr. CONNESS. I will read the statement
again for the Senator's information. In the
book of estimates of appropriations sent in
here there is this language in regard to this
item which I move :
For permanent ban acks fpr one hundred enlisted
men, with cistern for the same, $53,000.
There are other items, making the whole ap-
propriation asked for $101,000. The other
items are:
For guard-house and fire-engine house under ono
roof. 811,500
For brick stables  7,000
For office building  11,500
For officers' quarters  18,OGO
I propose leaving all those out, confining the
appropriation to $53,000. The House Com-
mittee cut down the whole appropriation at
random to $10,000. The remarks in regard to
the necessity of this first appropriation are as
follows, and I ask the attention of Senators to
them :
" There aro no permanent barracks now at this ar-
senal"—
Mr. JOHNSON. Who makes those re-
marks ?
. Mr. CONNESS. The Department.
"And the enlisted men are quartered in an old
wooden building, not plastered or lined, with a de-
cayod shingle roof and decayed weather-boarding.
There is also not sufficient space in this building for
the proper accommodation of the men. The cistern
is necessary, as all the rain water that can be ob-
tained is needed for the use of the post."
It is a manifest duty to take care of those
men, and I only ask the appropriation neces-
sary for that purpose. I hold in my hand also
a letter from the colonel commanding the post
who asks for a larger appropriation, which I do
not ask for in view of the general reduction.
Mr. GRIMES. Iunderstand that the appro-
priation the Senator from California asks for
is to erect a permanent building for the use of
the troops that are stationed at this arsenal.
They are now in the occupation of a temporary
building with a leaky roof.
