652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
amine and report on meters for distilled spirits.
It provides for the creation of a commission,
to consist of live persons, to be appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, whose duty it
shall be to carefully examine all meters and
mechanical contrivances or inventions that
may be presented to them, intended to meas-
ure, test, and ascertain the productiveness of
grain, or other articles prepared for distilla-
tion, or the actual quantity and strength of dis-
tilled spirits, subject to tax, produced there-
from, giving due notice of the times and places
where such examination will be conducted.
The commission is to meet and proceed to the
performance of these duties, under the instruc-
tions of the Secretary of the Treasury, at the
earliest practicable day, and to report in detail
to the Secretary, to be communicated to Con-
gress, the result of their examination, with
such recommendation as they may deem expe-
dient and most to the interest of the Govern-
ment, on or before the loth of February next.
Pending the action of the commission, and
until their report be made and a meter be by
law adopted, all work on the construction of
meters under the direction of the Treasury De-
partment is to be suspended; and in the mean
time no further contract for meters is to be made
by the Secretary of the Treasury under the fif-
teenth section of the act entitled "An act to
amend existing laws relating to internal reve-
nue, and for other purposes," approved March
2,1867. The Secretary of the Treasury is to pay ,
the expenses incident to the carrying out of
this joint resolution, and also a reasonable
compensation for the services of the commis-
sioners who may be appointed under it.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the resolution by inserting in section
one, line five, after the word "be," the words
"in connection with the existing commission
Of the Academy of Science."
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know who 1
compose this commission on the part of the
Academy of Science whom our commissioner
is to act in conjunction with.
Mr. SHERMAN. Professor Henry and Pro-
fessor Hilgard, and General Meigs was until
he was sick and went away. I will state fur- '
ther, that it is not disclosed on the face of the
paper, but it was stated in the House of Rep-
resentatives that a commission had been agreed
upon, to be composed of one engineer officer,
Professor Henry, a naval officer, and two other
very eminent and distinguished scientific men,
in no way connected with politics ; and it is the
understanding that they are to be appointed to
examine the various meters, and they are to
report by the middle of February on the sub- J
ject. The amendment proposed by the com- j
mittee of the Senate simply adds. to the five ;
commissioners two that have already examined
the subject and reported upon it—Professor
Hilgard and Professor Henry.
Mr. GRIMES. I inquire whether Professor
Hilgard and Professor Henry have not been
engaged in this business during the last year?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the commission
that decided on the Tice meter.
Mr. GRIMES. They did decide in favor
of it?
Mr. SHERMAN. They did.
Mr. GRIMES. Has it not been practically
demonstrated that the Tice meter is utterly
worthless?
Mr. SHERMAN. On the contrary it is said
by the officers of the internal revenue depart-
ment and of the Treasury that it is the best.
They think it the best.
Mr. SUMNER. And it is very efficacious.
Mr. SHERMAN. They propose to submit
the whole matter to this new commission; but
the internal revenue department is convinced
that the Tice meter is the very best.
Mr. GRIMES. I never saw one of these
meters, and I do not know anything about
them; but I am told by those familiar with the
subject that they are worthless.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know anything
about them; but the evidence before us was
very decidedly and strongly in favor of the
Tice meter.
Mr. GRIMES. It strikes me as one of the
most absurd things in the world to select a
man who is a mere mathematician, a statist,
who does not know anything about the distil-
lation of whisky, who knows nothing about
mechanics, to perform the duties of such a
commission as this. I am not going to oppose
the joint resolution; but I have no doubt the
result will be exactly what we have got now,
nothing more.
Mr. OONNESS. I do not know how much
these scientists know of practical mechanics,
which after all I suppose will govern the utility
of any invention such as the one spoken of and
for the purpose that it is proposed. Being
something of a mechanic myself, I have had
some conversations with practical mechanics,
who do not profess to be scientists on this
subject of meters, and I nm informed and I
believe that the adoption of any meter whatever,
for the purpose of giving as a better collection
of the public revenue, will not only not result
in that but will be the very means of all others
that distillers would prefer that the Govern-
ment should adopt. I believe, and it is the
opinion of some of the best mechanics in the
country, to whom I have had access, that no
form of meter can be adopted in connection
with the application of which frauds innumer-
able cannot be carried out against the revenue ;
and my opinion is, from what attention I have
given to the subject, that we can proceed in no
direction which will lead us into such imprac-
ticable and inextricable confusion, in connec-
tion with the revenue to be derived from spirits,
as the one now proposed. Let the capacities
of stills be taxed. Let that be ascertained,
which is a practicable, ascertainable fact, and
tax the capacity of the still for the number of
days that its owner prefers to employ it, and
then they will work up to that capacity and the
Government will get the tax imposed.
I had hoped, Mr. President, that before this
Congress should have proceeded far we should
have adopted a system of internal taxes which
would relieve the manufacturing and productive
interests of this country ; that the public ex-
penditures would be so gauged and put down
as that we should be called upon only to
collect a tax upon spirits, wines, tobacco, and
a few other items that need not now be men-
tioned, which, added to the taxes on imports,
would give us the amount of revenue neces-
sary to carry on the Government at this time.
But if this system shall be adopted and the tax
on spirits left as it now is by law, at two dol-
lars per gallon, which, in my opinion, was al-
ways too high, is too high, and should be re-
duced, I shall give up all idea of suc«ess in the
direction in which I have looked.
The honorable chairman of the Committee
on Finance says that he knows nothing him-
self of meters. I suppose not. These scien-
tific gentlemen know all about meters; nay,
there is nothing on the earth, over the earth,
or under the earth, that they do not know.
They are a useful set of gentlemen, and I have
no doubt they aid society much by their knowl-
edge and efforts ; but if I were so placed as to
need the invention of some mechanical contri-
vance for a specific purpose, with the greatest
possible respect and regard for the gentlemen
named here and for all belonging to their class,
they would be the very last persons to whom I
should go or whom 1 would select. A com-
mission is to be appointed by the head of the
Treasury Department, and that commission
has been pretty well agreed upon, we are told.
It is to have a distinguished naval officer, a
distinguished engineer of the Army, and some-
body else, and somebody else, and they are
going to invent a mechanical'contrivance which
shall tell just how much spirits a certain man-
ufactory can or does produce, and we are to
accept that as the legal gauge, and every trick
carried on behind that is to be at the loss of
the public revenue. I close by saying, as I
have already said, that I shall give up all hopes
of collecting the revenue from spirits if this
scheme shall be adopted.
Mr. HOWARD. I supposed that this res-
olution was not going to occasion debate, and
therefore I yielded the floor; but I think we
had better go on with the regular order of
business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
occupy but a moment in reply to the Senator
from California.
Mr. HO WARD. I call for the regular order
of the day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think, with the
leave of the Senator from Michigan, that wo
shall have a moment's debate about it. Indeed,
I said there would be no debate, and I do not
see that the debate we have had has had any
reference to the subject-matter of the resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday was passed over
informally, as it was said there was to be no
debate on this joint resolution. It is under the
control of the Senate, however.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on a vote, because
the present Tice meter is now established by
law, and this resolution provides for a mode of
examining into the objections made to the Ticfe
meter and see whether some other meter can
be adopted. There ought to be no discussion
about it.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I suggest to the Sen-
ator an amendment must be madfe* to strike
out the second section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. HOWARD. I am satisfied that this sub-
ject will give rise to a long debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the order of the
day, which is the unfinished business of yes-
terday.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by M?. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House insisted on its disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 213) to suspend further reduction of the
currency, agreed to the conference asked by
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed Mr. Robert C.
Schenck of Ohio, Mr. Samuel Hooper of
Massachusetts, and Mr. W. E. Nibiack of
Indiana, the managers on the part of the
House.
The message further announced that the
House insisted on its disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 207) to provide for the exemption of cot-
ton from internal tax, agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate, and had appointed Mr.
John A. Logan of Illinois, Mr. Horace May-
nard of Tennessee, and Mr. James Brooks
of New York, managers at the same on its
part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the joint resolution (S. R. No. 75)
limiting contracts for stationery and other sup-
plies in the Executive Departments to one year,
with an amendment, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills and joint
resolutions, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 439) additional and supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1867, and the acts
supplementary thereto;
A bill (H. R. No. 503) for the relief of Wil-
liam B. Todd;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 104) author-
izing the transmission through the mails free
of postage of certain certificates by the adju-
tant general of New Hampshire;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 167) in rela-
