1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2037
Mr. CONNESS. Not a leaky roof. Itleaks
all over, sides and roof—falling down.
Mr. GRIMES. That may be ; but it is near
as leaky as the tents that the Army occupy in
other portions of the country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Or as the
Treasury. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. Or, as the Senator from
Vermont says—I would not say any such thing,
but I think I would be justified in repeating his
remark—as leaky as the Treasury. I do not
indorse the suggestion. I suppose that the
House of Representatives put in this appropri-
ation of $10,000 in order to put a new roof on
that building and to make it in a fit condition
for the troops that may be stationed there to
occupy. I cannot conceive why there is a ne-
cessity for having one hundred men at the
Benicia barracks.
Mr. CONNESS. It is the only arsenal on
that whole coast.
Mr. GRIMES. But we do not need one hun-
dred men to protect it. We do not have one
hundred men at other arsenals. There are no
troops at all at the armory at Springfield, I ap-
prehend. I do not think there are any at the
arsenal at Watertown. I think the Senator
from New York' will say there are none at
Watervliet.
Mr. SUMNER. There are none at Spring-
field.
Mr. GRIMES. There are none at Spring-
field or Watertown ; and why we should build
barracks to accommodate one hundred men at
this particular arsenal I do not know. Perhaps
the Senator from California can assign some
reason why we should make a permanent
establishment there. There was no reason
assigned to the Committee on Appropriations
why we should appropriate so much more at
this particular arsenal than any of the others.
Mr. CONNESS. This appears to be a mili-
tary post, to which troops are sent to be dis-
tributed to the other posts on the coast. I wish
to state to the Senate, and I wish the honor-
able Senator from Iowa would hear me on this
point—it is an argument to get this appropria-
tion, but it is a statement of fact—we are not
quite so well protected on the Pacific coast
from the danger of the seizure of that arsenal
as thearsenal at Springfield, in Massachusetts,
and at other places in the northern States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. California is just as loyal
as Massachusetts.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator
may say so; but we have had our troubles
there, and they are not over yet, or the danger
of them is not past. The safety of the post at
Benicia is essential and necessary, and an ap-
plication at the War Department will convince
any Senator that the greatest care has had to
be taken, the utmost watchfulness at that post
since ourtroubles began, even up tothepresent
day.
Mr. GRIMES. I agree with the Senator
from California in the opinion that Benicia is
the wrong place for this arsenal to be stationed ;
and that is one reason with me why I think we
ought to make an appropriation to take it away
from there, why it ought to be removed.^ I
think the most proper place for the establish-
ment of that arsenal is at the island of Yerba
Buena. That is now a military reservation.
That is in the immediate vicinity of San Fran-
cisco where the population is. It is an island
that cannot be approached by any insurgent
force that may be raised in that State ; and it
is within the fortifications; so that in every
way it seems to me better adapted for the pur-
poses of an arsenal than Benicia.
Mr. CONNESS. I will not follow the Sen-
ator in that particular.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California, upon which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 19; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Btickalew, Cameron. Colo, Con-
"* ness, Corbett, Davis, Bixon, Doolittle, Drake, J erry,
Hendricks, McCreery, Patterson of Tennessee, Ram-
sey, Salisbury, Tipton, and Williams—17.
NAYS—Messrs Chandler. Conkling, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Howe,
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont. Boss, Sherman, Sumner, Van Winkle, Vick-
ers, Wade, and Wilson—19 _
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cattell, Fes-
senden, Fowler, Harlan, Howard, Morton, Norton,
Nye,Patterson of New Hampshire, Pomeroy, Sprague,
Stewart, Thayer, Trumbull, Willey, andYates—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That from and after the
1st day of May next, the Army of the United States
shall be reduced to a number not exceeding thirty
thousand men. rank and file; and that the President
of the United States proceed to make all necessary
orders and regulations for mustering out men and
officers and to effect such reduction.
Mr. President, I am unwilling that this
important appropriation bill should pass with-
out some expression of opinion from the
members of the Senate who agree with a large
part of the people of the country out of doors
that the Army of the United States ought to
be reduced, and reduced promptly. I did not
call for a division upon the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] because
I was not sure that his amendment did not
go too far, as a first movement. I now, how-
ever, offer his amendment with the number
changed and made so large that there can be
no reasonable question that there will be an
adequate number of officers and soldiers left
(if it be adopted,) to constitute the Army of
the*United States.
We have listened to a debate this morning
upon the appropriations and outlays for the
Army during the past year and during the cur-
rent year. I do not think that the important
question now is, how much money shall be
appropriated for the support of the Array for
the coming year. Whatever amount of expend-
iture is incurred which is not provided for by
this appropriation bill will be made up here-
after. It must be met by us ; it must be cov-
ered by a deficiency bill when we assemble in
December next, or at some other time. There-
fore, whether we appropriate $15,000,000 or
$30,000,000 or $50,000,000, in the present
bill to the support of the Army proper, is per-
haps not material. If we appropriate more
money than will be needed the result will be
that a certain amount will remain in the Treas-
ury unexpended which has been appropriated
by law. If the outlay is to be greater than the
sum appropriated, you will be required here-
after to make up the necessary amount by vot-
ing an additional appropriation from the Treas-
ury. The mode by which the expenditure fox-
military purposes can be reduced is by reduc-
ing the number of officers and soldiers who are
to be supported, or by providing different rates
of compensation for them, or by cutting off
some of the collateral outlays connected with
the organizationand management of the Army.
Now, Mr. President, can anything be more
clear than that aforce exceeding fifty thousand
is unnecessary at this time, and that a force so
large as that will not probably be necessary
during the next year?
Here is a proposition which will test gentle-
men upon the question of reform, although I
do not offer it for the purpose of making a test.
I do not offer it for the purpose of putting
gentlemen upon the record and holding them
responsible for their votes. I offer it for the
bona fide purpose of reform, considered by
itself and for itself. At the same time, how-
ever, our action upon this question will define
our positions, not only to ourselves, but to the
people of the country who observe our pro-
£ gg (J J S  
We are seeking to relieve the industries of
the country by the removal or reduction oi
taxes which press upon them. We are con-
fronted by facts in relation to our finances
which must arrest our attention. Our revenue
laws are not all enforced. Our officers who
are charged with the execution of those laws
do not perform their duty. The failure to en-
force our revenue laws compels us to retain
taxes which we would gladly repeal. Our ap-
propriate committees in both Houses are en-
gaged in attempts to amend our revenue laws;
to frame them so that we shall obtain a just
and proper result from them. That is one ob-
ject upon which we are engaged, and it is both
necessary and laudable. Another object, the
one to which I have just alluded, is also legiti-
mate, and, in fact, indispensably necessary to
promote the public interests and maintain the
public credit, and that is, the relief of the
people from the pressure of particular taxes
which bear severely upon industry and produc-
tion.
Again, here is a third object as import-
ant as either of the others and entitled to
prompt attention; and that is, the reduction
of expenditures. Everybody is talking about
it. Every one professes to be in favor of it.
We are constantly making professions of econ-
omy; of our ardent desire to attain and to se-
cure material reform in our outlays of the public
money. But let me warn gentlemen present,
and warn the people who are not present, that
economy is not to be securcd merely by reduc-
ing the appropriation of the public money in
these bills. Outlays which are dependent upon
the amount of money appropriated may be
reduced in this manner. Where the expendi-
ture is entirely dependent upon the appropri-
ation you may limit and curb your outlay by
cutting down appropriations, but you will not
curtail and curb your outlay by simply failing
to appropriate money in cases like the present,
where, under the law, the outlay will be in-
curred at all events. If you have fifty or sixty
thousand men, rank and file, in your military
service, and in your appropriation bill vote a
smaller sum than that which is necessary to
supply and pay them, you have done nothing for
economy; you have not reduced the outlay;
but you have practiced a deception either upon
yourselves or upon the people. While upon
the face of your bill you show but a limited
appropriation of money to the particular ob-
ject, you know, or you may know, that the
amount actually expended will greatly exceed
that; that it is merely a question of time; that
what is not voted in March will be voted in
December or at some other date hereafter.
Now, sir, we are to meet our obligations,
and to meet them iu the spirit in which you,
sir, ordinarily meet your public responsibili-
ties as a member of the Senate—meet them
frankly; cover up nothing; disguise nothing.
I propose to you a mode of reducing the ex-
penditures of the Army by saying to the Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and to all men
concerned with it, "On the 1st of May the
whole number of persons in the military ser-
vice shall not exceed thirty thousand." We
have been told here that the number now em-
ployed in the southern States is not very largo;
eight or ten thousand, perhaps; it may be less
than that.
We have no information that upon the west-
ern border a large body of troops will be
required. We have negotiated wjth Indian
tribes who were hostile; and continually the
rates of the expense, even if we have Indian
wars there, are reduced by our railroad im-
provements, which give facilities^ for trans-
portation, and reduce largely that item of out-
lays to which reference has been made in this
debate. We do not need troops on the Pacific
coast; at least we need no considerable num-
ber there.
Now, instead of merely talking about reform,
instead of professing to be devoted to reform,
let us, by the adoption of an amendment like ■-
this, secure reform, and secure it against all
accidents. It is my impression that so large a
force as thirty thousand is not necessary; that
in all probability an army of twenty or twenty-
five thousand men will meet any requirement
of the public service of which we have any
knowledge or expectation. But, sir, I am con-
tent to take the limit which I have named. I
would charge upon the President, the Secre-
tory of War, and the General of the Army a
