1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
58?
Laws of the United States.
40th Cons. ... 2d
Wholesale liquor dealers, whose annual sales
do not exceed twenty-five thousand dollars,
shall pay one hundred dollars; and if exceed-
ing twenty-five thousand dollars, shall each
pay in addition ten dollars for every one thou-
sand dollars of sales of such spirits, wines, or
liquors in excess of twenty-five thousand, and
on other sales shall pay as wholesale dealers;
and such excess shall be asse[sse]d and paid
in the same manner as required of wholesale
dealers. Every person who sells or offers for
sale distilled spirits, wines, or malt liquors,
whose annual sales shall exceed twenty-five
thousand dollars, shall be regarded as a whole-
sale liquor dealer. But no distiller or brewer,
who has paid his special tax as such, and who
sells only distilled spirits or malt liquors of his
own production, at the place of manufacture,
in the original casks or packages in which they
are placed for the purpose of affixing the tax
stamps, shall be required to pay the special
tax of a wholesale dealer. But the payment
of any special tax imposed by this act shall
not be held or construed to exempt any person
carrying on any trade, business, or profession
from any penalty or punishment therefor
provided by the laws of any State; nor to
authorize the commencement or continuance
of any such trade, b'!<*i'iess, or profession, con-
trary to the laws of any State, or in places
prohibited by municipal law; nor shall the
payment of any such tax be held or construed
to prohibit or prevent any State from placing
a duty or tax on the same trade, business, or
profession for State or other purposes.
Manufacturers of stills shall each pay fifty
dollars, and twenty dollars for each still or
worm for distilling made by him. Any person
who manufactures any still or worm to be used
in distilling shall be deemed a manufacturer
of stills.
tobacco, snuff, and cigars.
Dealers in leaf tobacco, whose annual sales
do not exceed ten thousand dollars, shall each
pay twenty-five dollars; and if their annual
sales exceed ten thousand dollars, shall pay
in addition two dollars for every thousand
dollars in excess of ten thousand dollars.
Every person shall be regarded as a dealer in
leaf tobacco whose business it is for himself,
or on commission, to sell or offer for sale leaf
tobacco. And payment of a special tax as
wholesale dealer, tobacconist, manufacturer
of cigars, or manufacturer of tobacco, shall
not exempt any person dealing in leaf tobacco
from the payment of the special tax therefor
hereby required. But no farmer or planter
shall be required to p>iy a special tax as a
dealer in leaf tobacco for selling tobacco of
his own production, or tobacco received by
liim as rent from tenants who have produced
the same on his land.
Dealers in tobacco, whose annual sales ex-
ceed one hundred dollars and do not exceed
one thousand dollars, shall each pay five dol-
lars ; and when their annual sales exceed one
thousand dollars, shall pay in addition two
dollars for each thousand dollars in excess of
one thousand dollars. Every person whose
business it is to sell or offer for sale manu-
factured tobacco, snuff, or cigars, shall be
regarded as a dealer in tobacco. And any
retail dealer, liquor dealer, or keeper of a
hotel, inn, tavern, or eating-house, who sella
tobacco, snuff, or cigars, shall pay, in addi-
tion to his special tax, the special tax as a.
dealer in tobacco.
Manufacturers of tobacco shall each pay ten
dollars; and in addition thereto, where the
amount of the penal sum of the bond of such
manufacturer, required by this act to be given,
shall exceed the sum of five thousand dollars,
two dollars for each thousand dollars m excess
of five thousand dollars of such_ penal sum.
Every person whose business it is to m&nu-
facture tobacco or snuff for himself, or who
shall employ others to manufacture tobacco
or snuff, whether such manufacture shall be
by cutting, pressing, grinding, crushing, or
rubbing of any leaf or raw tobacco, or other-
wise preparing raw or leaf tobacco or manu-
factured or partially manufactured tobacco or
snuff, or the putting up for use or consump-
tion of scraps, waste, clippings, stems, or de-
posits of tobacco, resulting from any process
of handling tobacco, shall be regarded as a
manufacturer of tobacco. But no manufac-
turer of tobacco shall be required to pay the
special tax as a dealer in tobacco for selling
the products of his own manufacture.
Manufacturers of cigars, whose annual sales
shall not exceed five thousand dollars, shall
each pay ten dollars, and when their annual
sales exceed five thousand dollars, shall pay
in addition two dollars for each thousand dol-
lars in excess of five thousand dollars. Every
person whose business it is to make or manu-
facture cigars for himself, or who shall employ
others to make or manufacture cigars, shall
be regarded as a manufacturer of cigars. No
special tax receipt shall be issued to any man-
ufacturer of cigars until he shall have given
the bond required by law. Every person
whose business it is to make cigars for others,
either for pay, upon commission, on shares,
or otherwise, from material furnished by others,
shall be regarded as a cigar-maker. Every
cigar-maker shall cause his name and resi-
dence to be registered, without previous de-
mand, with the assistant assessor of the di-
vision in which such cigar-maker shall be
employed; and any manufacturer of cigars
employing any cigar-maker who shall have
neglected or refused to make such registry
shall, on conviction, be fined five dollars for
each day that such cigar-maker so offending by
neglect or refusal to register shall be employed
by him.
Sec. 60. And be it further enacted-, That in
every case where it becomes necessary to as-
certain the amount of annual or monthly sales
made by any person on whom a special tax is
imposed by this act, or to ascertain the excess
of such sales above a given amount, such
amounts and excesses shall be ascertained
and returned under such regulations and in
such form as shall be prescribed by the_ Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue; and in any
case where the amount of the tax has been
increased by this act above the amount before
paid by any person in that behalf, such per-
son, except retail dealers, shall be again as-
sessed and pay the amount of such increase
from the taking effect of this act; and in any
case where the amount of sales or receipts
has been understated or underestimated by
any person, such person shall be again assessed
for such deficiency, and shall be required to
pay the same with any penalty or penalties
that may by law have accrued or be charge-
able thereon.
Sec. 151. A nd be it further enacted, That upon
tobacco and snuff which shall be manufactured
and sold, or removed for consumption or use,
there shall be assessed and collected the fol-
lowing taxes:
On snuff, manufactured of tobacco or any
substitute for tobacco, ground, dry, damp,
pickled, scented, or otherwise, of all descrip-
tions, when prepared for use, a tax of thirty-
two cents per pound. And snuff flour, when
sold, or removed for use or consumption,
shall be taxed as snuff, and shall be put up m
packages and stamped in the same manner as
snuff.
On all chewing tobacco, fine-cut, plug, or
twist; on all tobacco twisted by hand, or re-
duced from leaf into a condition to be con-
sumed, or otherwise prepared, without the use
of any machine or instrument, and without
being pressed or sweetened ; and on all other
kinds of manufactured tobacco, not^ herein
otherwise provided tor, a tax of tliirty-two
cents per pound.
On all smoking tobacco exclusively of stems,
or of leaf, with all the stems in and so sold,
the leaf not having been previously stripped,
butted, or rolled, and from which no part of
the stems have been separated by sifting,
stripping, dressing, or in any other manner,
either before, during, or after the process of
manufacturing; on all fine-cut shorts, the re-
fuse of fine-cut chewing tobaceo which has
passed through a riddle of thirty-six meshes
to the square inch by process of sifting; and
on all refuse scraps and sweepings of tobaeeo,
a tax of sixteen cents per pound.
Sec. 02. And be it further enacted, That from
and after the passage of this act all manufac-
tured tobacco shall be put up and prepared by
the manufacturer for sale, or removal for sale
or consumption, in packages of the following
description, and in no other manner:
All snuff in packages containing one, two,
four, six, eight, and sixteen ounces, or in blad-
ders containing notexceeding ten pounds each;
or in jars containing not exceeding twenty
pounds.
All fine-cut chewing tobacco, and all other
kinds of tobacco not otherwise provided for,
in packages containing one half, one, two, four,
eight, and sixteen ounces, except that fine-cut
chewing tobacco may, at the option of the
manufacturer, be put up in wooden packages
containing ten, twenty, forty, and sixty pounds
each.
All smoking tobacco, all fine-cut shorts
which has passed through a riddle of thirty-
six meshes to the square inch, and all refuse
scraps and sweepings of tobacco, in packages
containing two, four, eight, and sixteen ounces
All cavendish, plug, and twist tobacco in
wooden packages not exceeding two hundred
pounds net weight.
And every such wooden package shall have
printed or marked thereon the manufacturer's
name and place of manufacture or the propri-
etor's name and his trade mark and the regis-
tered number of the manufactory, and the gross
weight, the tare, and the net weight of the
tobacco in each package: Provided, That these
limitations and descriptions of packages shall
not apply to tobacco and snuff transported in
bond for exportation and actually exported.
Sec. 03. And be it further enacted, That
every person before commencing, or, if already
commenced, before continuing the manufac-
ture of tobacco or snuff, shall, in addition to
a compliance with all other provisions of law,
furnish, without previous demand therefor, to
the assessor or assistant assessor of the district
where the manufacture is to be carried on, a
statement, in duplicate, subscribed under oath
or affirmation, accurately setting forth the
place, and if in a city, the street and number
of the street where the manufacture is to be
carried on ; the number of cutting machines,
presses, snuff mills, hand mills, or other ma-
chines ; the name, kind, and quality of the
article manufactured, or proposed to be manu-
factured ; and, if the same shall be manufac-
tured for, or to be sold and delivered to, any
other person, as agent, or under a special con-
tract, the name and residence and business or
occupation of the person for whom the said
article is to be manufactured, or to whom it is
to be delivered ; and shall give a bond in con-
formity with the provisions of this act, to be
approved by the collector of the district, in
the sum of two thousand dollars, with an addi-
tion to said sum of three thousand dollars for
each cutting machine kept for use, of one
thousand dollars for each screw-press kept for
use in making plug or pressed tobacco, of five
thousand dollars for each hydraulic press kept
for use, of one thousand dollars for each snuff
mill kept for use, and of one thousand dollars
for each hand mill, or other mill or machine,
kept for the grinding, cutting, or crushing of
tobacco ; that he will not engage in any at-
tempt, by himself or by collusion with others,
to defraud the Government of any tax on hiB
