1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4085
This case, Mr. Speaker, presents .something
a little unusual, I might almost say remark-
able. A very large majority of the Committee
0'" Elections belong to the dominant party in
this House—the Republicans—and this com-
mittee unanimously, with one exception, have
reported against the sitting member, who also
belongs to that party, a gentleman whom we
all regard as a valuable member of this House,
ar-d whose association with us we should be
glad to continue if we could find that he was
legally elected. The committee, I say, are,
with one exception, unanimous in this report.
This exception is the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. McClukg,] and I cannot but believe that
if he had been as free from personal and polit-
ical bias in reference to this case as were the
other members of the committee he would
h^ve concurred with us in the result to which
wo-arrived.
This case is in somewhat narrow compass.
The ninth congressional district in Missouri
comprises ten counties. At the election held
on the 6th of November, 1866, for member
of Congress, in all the counties of the district
except the county of Callaway, George W.
Anderson received4,876 votes, and William F.
Switzler received 4,698, making a majority for
Anderson of 178 votes. The county of Calla-
way gave Anderson 163 votes and Switzler
1.463 votes. If the vote of this county had
been added to the others Switzler would have
been elected by a majority of 1,122 votes over
Anderson. This case turns wholly upon the
question whether the vote of the county of Cal-
laway should have been counted. The secre-
tary of State, who, by the statutes of Missouri,
is the proper officer to open the returns and
count the votes, or to use the precise language
of the statutes, to cast up the votes given for
members of Congress, took it upon himself
to say that there had been no legal registration
in this county of Callaway, and therefore he
assumed the responsibility of throwing aside
the vote of this county, and thus giving the
election to his political friend, the sitting mem-
ber. Whether the secretary of State had any
legal right to go behind the return and say
that the vote of that county should not be
counted is one question. Another question is
this: admitting he had not the right, is there
sufficient in the evidence introduced in thiscase
to show it is the duty of the House to disre-
gard the vote of the county of Callaway so as
to give the election to the sitting member?
There is something eertai nly very curious in
this case. The secretary of State took itupon
him to reject the voteof'Callaway on the ground
there had been no legal registration of the votes
of that county; upon the ground there was
such a state of violence, not open violence,
but such concerted or secret violence, such fear
and intimidation on the part of the registrars
in that county, that they were not able to do
their legal duty in registering voters : and there-
fore the vote of that county was to be thrown
out. It is conceded the registration in that
county and the voting in _ that county was as
peaceable as any registration or any voting in
any county in New England or any county in
the Union. There is notaparticle of evidence
there was an act of violence or even an actof
threatened violence either in the registration
or in the voting. Yet the majority for the con-
testant is to be set aside upon the ground there
was intimidation, there was fear in that county ;
that it was impossible for the registrars to do
their duty and there was no registration.
This is a queer state of things, a strange
state of things, when it was conceded before the
committee by the sitting member and his
counsel, and the proof may be looked over
ever so carefully and there is not a particle of
evidence to show there was anything but quiet
during the voting in that county. Still that
vote is to be thrown aside.
It is proper I should allude for a moment to
the law of Missouri in reference to registration,
fn the first place, the Governor of the State is
to appoint a superintendent of registration in
each county. The superintendent of registra-
tion in each county is to appoint registers in
the various election precincts whose duty it is
to make the actual registration. The Governor
of the State by whom the superintendents were
appointed was a member of the same political
party with the sitting member. The superin-
tendent of registration in the county was of
the same political party with the sitting mem-
ber. Every single district register, so far as
the evidence shows anything about it, was the
political friend of the sitting member. The
entire machinery of this registration was in
the hands of the political friends of the sitting
member, and yet the secretary of State of
Missouri took upon himself to say, aud I say
by entire usurpation of legal power, without
having any kind of authority for it, he took it
upon himself to say this registration was so
illegal, so fraudulent, so affected by the power
of violence, by intimidation because of threats
of violence, as to throw aside the vote of this
county. Now, sir, it is very singular, with the
entire machinery of this registration, the entire
control over the registration of that county
in the hands of the sitting member, that such a
complaint should lie in the mouth of the sitting
member, or the members of his political party.
As the superimeudent of this registration
the Governor appointed for the county of Cal-
laway William H. Thomas, and Thomas ap-
pointed the various district registrars. There
is no question each one did not proceed in due
legal form to perfect the registration, or that
copies were not made and duly certified. In
accordance with the laws of the State of Mis-
souri the superintendent of registration and
the registrars of the various districts, the super-
intendent being the president of the board,
were to assemble to revise the registration of
the district. When this was done, wheu this
registration was supervised by this board, the
copies of registration having been duly certi-
fied to them by the district registrars, then it
became the duty of this superintendent to fur-
nish a copy of the registration to the secretary
of State of Missouri. A copy of the registra-
tion was duly certified and placed in the hands
of Superintendent Thomas, and was carried
by him to the capital of the State, where the
secretary of State had his office. There, the
evidence shows, the matter was discussed
between the secretary of State, Hodman, aud
superintendentofregistration, Thomas, whether
there was not some mode by which the vote
of this county of Callaway might be got rid of
aud leave the majority in favor of the sitting
member. Thereupon this William H. Thomas,
the superintendent of registration, appended
to the registration of the county this certificate:
"X hereby certify tliafc the above and foregoing list
of registration is a corseet copy 'as furnished me
by the officers of registration' for the various elec-
tion districts in aud for (Xilaway county, Missoun,"
That was a proper and legal certificate, and
there ended the duty of Mr. Thomas as the
certifying officer of registration of that district.
But in pursuance of this arrangement between
Mr Rodman and the secretary of State, he went
on to add something entirely beyond his legal
power as a returning officer, and something
that was entitled to no weight with the secre-
tary of State or with the Committee of Elec-
tions or with this House, as evidence in rela-
tion to the validity of the registration. The
residue of the certificate is as follows :
And I hereby further certify that the registration
law in its letter and spiritwas not earned out in any
one of the eloction'distriets of said county : that such
a system of intimidation and threatening was earned
on by the disloyal, and those opposed to the law, as
to deter loyal men from undertaking the registra-
tion in most of the election districts, and was conse-
quently intrusted to men who most shamefully disre-
garded the law.
Ill the few districts where men could be had who
were willing to register aecoiding tothe law, there
was such intimidation and threitteniiig used as to
deter those who were willing to make objections to
those they knew not to be entitled to Registration its
qualified voteis, and, as a consequence, the law could
not and was notcamcd out, as theccrtifleateshereto
appended show. .
Given under my hand
Supervisor of J2i'(/Utration for CaUawny
CoutVy, Missouri.
In addition to this, Thomas procured three
certificates or statements, one signed by II. S.
Turner, who was appointed as registrar for
llound Prairie township, and served one day
and then resigned ; another signed by James E.
Turley, who wastiie registrarof Bourbon town-
ship, and another signed by John Yount, the
registrar of Cedar township, statingin substance
what, is stated by Thomas in his certificate.
Now, in the first place, Mr. Speaker, the
committee report that this was no legal evi
dence whatever. These men were not certify-
ing officers for any such purpose as to make
statements of this kind. _ They had simply the
power by statute to certify to the registration.
When it was completed they could certify that
that was a legal registration, and they could
also certify to copies of registration. But any
statements beyond that they had no official
power to certify, nor had the superintendent
of registration himself any more power to cer-
tify facts to the secretary of State than had
the district registrars to certify them to him.
1 do not apprehend that it will be contested
by the sitting member or by his friends, but
that the secretary of State went entirely beyond
his power when he undertook to go behind the
returns and upon this evidence to decide whether
there was a legal registration or not. But I
conceive that it is not very important whether
1 am right or whether the committee are right
in relation to this or not., because even con-
ceding that the secretary of State had power
to go beyond the returns, it is very clear that
this House have no right to go behind them.
But if the facts disclosed in the evidence before
tiie committee in this case were sufficient to
show that there was such a state of affairs, of
violence and intimidation in that county as to
prevent a fair and honest registration, why,
then, I concede it would be entirely within the
power of this House to determine that the regis-
tration was illegal and that the vote of the
county ought not to be reckoned in determining
who was elected from this congressional dis-
trict. So that it becomes important to con-
sider the power of the secretary of State in
this matter except as showing the purpose, the
intent, the animus that existed on the part of
this secretary of State and this returning offi-
cer. Thomas, when they undertook to mutilate
the registiatiou of this county and to blur and
blot it for the puiposeof inducing the secretary
of State to throw the vote of the county aside,
and give the certificate to the sitting member
instead of the contestant who was elected.
Mr. LOAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
this question: whether there is any evidence
in the record that any registration was made
by the board of registrars of (he various town-
ships in that county presided over by the
supervisors of registration and certified to by
them to the secretary of State, as required by
law?
Mr. POLAND. I am very happy to answer
the inquiry of my friend from Missouri. In
the first place, the statute of Missouri provides
that after the appointment of these district
registrars, and after they have performed their
duty in making the registration in the various
election precincts, it shall be their duty to come
together and act as a board of registration, and
the superintendent of registration is, by law,
to act as president of the board. Now, if
there were no evidence on the subject the legal
presumption would be that the officials did
their duty. Wherever there is no proof one
way or the other the legal presumption is that
the officers of the law did their legal duty.
But appended to the registration of each of
these election precincts there is acertilicate of
this sort:
I, Isaac D. Snedicor. officer of registration in and
for the first election district in and for the county of
Callaway and State of Missouri, do hereby oortify
that the foregoing list of registered voters is a true
and perfect copy of the registerof qualified voters in
said election district, as ascertained and determined
by the board of appeals and revision sitting tor that
purpose m and foi said county, _
Given under ray hand this ^,/th day of October,
A. D, ISou. ISAAC J>. SN EfMCOR,
"J oiion.
