1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
306-1
The next amendment from the committee
was to add to the bill the following section :
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That each stock-
holder shall be individually liable for the debts of
the corporation to the amount of stock held by each
respectively, and Congress hereby reserves the right
to amend, alter, or repeal thischarterat pleasure.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. UPSON. Is this corporation perpet-
ual. or is it limited to any number of years?
Mr. MeCULLOUGH. It is not limited;
but Congress reserves the right to repeal the
charter at pleasure.
Mr. UPSON. The question may come up
as to vested rights under the charter.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. MeCULLOUGH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES II. FOSTER.
Mr. BLAINE moved that the Committee on
Appropriations be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of James H. Fos-
ter, for pay due him for services to the Govern-
ment, and that the same be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTE IN MISSOURI.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (EI. R. No. 1215) to estab-
lish a post route from Rocksport to Glasgow,
in Missouri; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
It. T. MERRICK.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask that the Clerk
read a paper which I send up to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington City, May [June] 9,186S.
My Dear Sir: Mr. Botler yesterday stated in
the course of debute as foltows:
" Mr. Butlep.. I will state that I meant to refer
to Mr. Merrick, the counsel for the prisoner, and W.
W. Warden, the President's short-hand writer. And
X want to know of this House if I have the right to
refer to these men, when I have got telegram after
telesram between these parties?"
The statement is incorrect in so far as it applies to
Until the day of Mr. Woolley's arrest I had not
met h'm since the winter of 1863, and to the present
time have never communicated with either Mr.
Warden or Mr. Woolley by telegram or letter.
I des.re, therefore, that the statement made by
Mr. Butler to the effect that he has " telegram after
teiegram,'' or the intimation that he has any tele-
gram uStatever passing hetween either of the gentle-
men named and myself, may be corrected.
Y ery truly, yours, il. T. MERKICK.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have asked to have
this communication read in justice to Mr. Mer-
rick, who felt that injustice had been done
him, doubtless through misapprehension. He
gave me this communication immediately after
the occurrence, but! have had no opportunity
to present it before.
national art union association".
Mr. MeCULLOUGH, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, reported back,
with amendments, House bill No. 864, for the
incorporation of the National Art Union Asso-
ciation of the District of Columbia.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that Albert Bierstadt, Regis Gig-
noux, and Satidford II. Gifford, artists, of iNevv
York; and Charles Knap, Henry Barnard,
Frederick B. McGuire, Robert S. Chilton,
Francis C. Adams, John W. Magill. and Rich-
ard B. Moliun, of Washington, District of
Columbia, or any five of them, their associates
and successors, shall be created a body corpo-
rate and politic, under the name and style of
the "National Art Union Association, with lull
powers as such to have a common seal, to sue
and be sued, plead and be impleaded, hold
real and personal property, and do all acts
necessary for the objects of their association.
The second section provides that the objects
of this association shall be declared to bo the
promotion ,of art, the encouragement of Amer-
ican artists, the establishment of a natioual
gallery of art, and the distribution of works of
art, such as paintings, engravings, and chromos,
among the people.
The third section provides that the princi-
pal office, or place of business of this associa-
tion, shall be in the city of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, with such branches and
agencies elsewhere as the needs of the associa
tion may require. -
The fourth section provides that the capital
stock of this association shall be not less than
$50,000 nor more than $100,000, in shares of
$100 each. And in all elections by the stock-
holders each share of stook shall entitle the
holder to one vote, either in person or by
written proxy. '
The fifth section provides that the manage-
ment of this association shall be vested in a
board of five directors, to be elected annually,
"with power to fill vacancies: and that they
shall choose or elect from among themselves
a president, and shall have power to appoint
and fix the compensation of a secretary, treas-
urer, and such interior officers and agents as
may, from time to time, be required.
The sixth section provides that the capital
stock shall be called in and paid in such install-
ments and at such times as the pres;dent and
directors for the time being may require ; and
the neglect or refusal of any stockholder to
pay his just proportion of each and every
assessment shall make a forfeiture to the asso-
ciation of each share of stock on which one
or more assessments shall remain unpaid thirty
days after legal demand, and shall further sub-
ject the holder to all damages resulting to the
association from such refusal or default ; pro-
vided that no stockholder shall vote at any
election or meeting of the association on whose
shares any installments or arrearages may be
due more than fifteen days previous thereto.
The first amendment reported from the com-
mittee was to add to section three the following:
And when any branch or branches may be estab-
lished in any State it shall be subject to the laws of
such State.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported from the
committee was to add to section six the fol-
lowing :
And Congress hereby reserves the right to amend
Sr repeal this charter at pleasure.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to move to strike
out the third section of this bill, so as to limit
the operations of this company to the District
of Coiumbia. I am opposed to legislating for
the country at large, under pretense of making
eorpoyCfWns in the city of Washington. I
desiafto move to strike out the third section,
aiisjrto insert in lieu thereof a provision that
jife operations of this company shall be lim-
med to the District of Columbia. Under this
bill the company may establish branches in
1 any State of this Union, subject, it is true, to
; the regulations of the State, but requiring posi-
i tive legislation for that purpose.
! Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
j league [Mr. Harding] desires, then, to strike
' out the third section?
Mr. HARDING. Yes, sir.
! Mr. WASHBORNE, of Illinois. And then
! add a proviso at the end of the bill confining
i its operation to this District.
! Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, m reply
■ to my colleague, I wish to say a word. Com-
' panies incorporated by the Legislatuies of the
various States, such as insurance companies,
! &c are alwavs allowed to do business-in any
1 part of the United States, subject to the regu-
! lations of the States in which they may operate.
Mr. HARDING. _ I desire to correct my
colleague. Companies incorporated by any
of the'States have no legal right to operate
elsewhere than in the State by -which they are
incorporated.
Mr. INGERSOLL. My colleague is mis-
taken.
• Mr. HARDING. If they operate in other
States, it is by permission of those States.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Of course.
Mr. HARDING. This bill proposes to give
the company the right" to establish branches
in other States subject to regulation by those
States.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Suppose the regula-
tion of a particular State provides that nu for-
eign company shall do business there at all,
can such a company carry on its operations
there ?
Mr. HARDING. I grant that in such a
case the authority given in this bill would be
inoperative; but I do not think it proper that
we should require a State to forbid by affirm-
ative legislation the operations of any of these
companies incorporated by Congress.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I make
the assertion that my colleague cannot name a
State of the Union which by its law excludes
foreign corporations from doing business within
its limits under proper regulations. Now, when
Congress authorizes a company to do business,
why should the company, because organized
in this District, be subjected to restrictions
which are not imposed upon similar corpora-
tions created under State laws? Congress is,
of course, the only legislative authority that
can create a corporation within this District;
and why should not a corporation created by
the authority of Congress exercise in the State
of Illinois, for instance, the same jjowers which
are exercised there by a company incorporated
by the State of Massachusetts or Connecticut?
Mr. MeCULLOUGH. Mr. Speaker, I wish
to add but one word to what has been said by
the chairman of the committee, [Mr. Ingek-
soll.] If the objects of this bill are proper, I
can see no good reason why the company which
it proposes to organize should not have a
branch in New York or Philadelphia or Balti-
more, or any other city if the Union, in accord-
ance with the laws of the respective States.
This is the effect of the amendment which the
committee have inserted.
Mr. HARDING. The gentleman will allow
me to say that there is nothing to prevent this
company from going to Pennsylvania or any
other State and obtaining a charter there; but
we should not expressly authorize it to operate
there, subject only to regulation by the partic-
ularState. I hold thatour national Government
was not constituted for the purpose of creating
corporations to operate in the several States.
Mr. MeCULLOUGH. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
amendment suggested by my colleague [Mr.
Harding] been received?
The SPEAKfDR. Does the gentleman from
Maryland allow that amendment to be offered ?
Mr. MeCULLOUGH. No, sir; I decline
to allow it to be offered. I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. MeCULLOUGH. I will consent that
the amendment be offered and then renew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I hope we will
have no more of these corporation acts reported
for the action of the House. I hope this will
be recommitted to the committee with instruc-
tions to report a general bill.
Mr. MeCULLOUGH. Why does not the
gentleman report a general bill for the lerri-
tones ^
Mr.' HARDING. I am willing to yield to
the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentiemau from Illinois [Mr. Hardixg] is now
pending, and the gentleman from Maryland is
entitled to the floor.
