4086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 15,
_ To the registration of each township or elec-
tion precinct there was a certificate signed by
the icgintnir in precisely those identical words.
Mr. LOAN. One word in this connection.
I will state that I have diligently examined this
record and that I can find in it nowhere any
evidence that these officers did perform the
duties devolved upon them by law, and as far
as I am concerned I do not believe tlioy ever
did that thing.
Mr. POLAND. I cannot yield for a speech.
Mr. LOAN. I believe there was no such
board of registration held, and that there was
no revisal ot the lists and no copy of the regis-
tration forwarded to the secretary of State.
The certificate of Mr. Snedicor just read, not
being authorized by law, furnishes no evidence
to the committee or to the House that any
such board was held. Now, I ask the gentle-
man to state to the House whether that board
of registration was held, and whether they
supervised the registration and certified it to
the secretary of State as required by law ?
Those are points I want answered.
Mr. POLAND. As I said before, if there
wae not a particle of evidence on the subject
the legal presumption would be that these
officers of the law did what the law made to be
their duty. ^ That is a principle that applies to
public officials everywhere in relation to their
official conduct, as everybody knows who
knows anything about law. The familiar maxim
is Omnia prasxiimuntwr rite esse acta. So I say
thatif there is no proof upon the subject the fact
is to be taken to be so. But more than that,
here is this certificate. The district registers
certify that the revisaltook place and that they
returned copies of the registration to the super-
intendent of registration of the county. And
the superintendent of registration acknowl-
edges this by his own certificate. He says:
" I hereby certify that the above and foregoing list
of registration is n correct copy as furnished me by
tno otuccrs of registration for the various election
districts in and lor Callaway county, Missouri."
1 That is the certificate of superintendent
Thomas himself. He certifies that tliey are
correct copies as furnished him by the officers
ot registration for the various election districts
in and for Callaway county.
Mr. LOAN. The answer to that is that not
being authorized by law it is of no force here
or elsewhere.
Mr. POLAND. I say that not only the
legal presumption hut the legal evidence is
that these several district registrars met as a
board of appeal and were presided over by the
superintendent, Mr. Thomas, and that the
registration of each one of these election pre-
cincts was revised and corrected by the board
of appeal. There is all the evidence which
the law can furnish upon the subject. This
record of registration could not have been
legally completed without that. The only legal
evidence that that was done was to be the cer-
tificates of the officers; because the law pro-
vides that theyshall make such certificate, and
that the certificate shall be evidence of the
fact. _ So I say there is all the legal evidence
that is necessary, and all the law can furnish
in relation to the revision of the registration
of that county. Therefore I say that the
attempt of Mr. Thomas to slur over this regis-
tration by putting on this outside certificate,
and especially when he took that registration
and entered upon it, against several hundred
names, that this man was a bushwhacker, that
man was a rebel sympathizer, &c., he did what
he had no right to do, and what the secretary
of State for Missouri had no right to regard.
But this Mr. Thomas seems to be the very
soul of this case on the part of the sitting
member. He not only got the secretary of
State to throw aside this registration upon his
certificate, but he is the great witness relied
upon by the sitting member, before the Com-
mittee of Elections, for the purpose of prov-
ing the fact he has put in his certificate. What
do they claim here */ That there was an illegal
and invalid registration ; that there was such >
a system of fear and intimidation that these I
registrars felt themselves in such peril that
they dared not to go on and do their legal
duty. He not only certified this county out,
and got the secretary of State to disregard it,
but he is the principal witness by which the
sitting member undertook to establish the fact
before the committee, and to have us find it
and report it to the House.
Now, 1 will recur for a moment to the testi-
mony in relation to this matter as to the fact,
without taking any more time to discuss the
legal question as to whether the Secretary of
Slate had any right to do as he did do, to throw
out the returns from Callaway county. Let
us now come to the fact itself, as if the secre-
taryhad counted the vote of Callaway county;
as if the case between those parties was re-
versed ; as if Switzler had received the cer-
tificate of election, as he ought to have received
it, and his teat was contested by Mr. Ander-
son, who is now the sitting member. Is it
established that, there was such a system of
intimidation and fear in Callaway county that
there could not be and was not a legal regis-
tration of voters ? Now, as I said, the import-
ant witness, the principal witness on the part
of the sitting member to establish this, is this
same William H. Thomas. The only evidence
introduced for the purpose of showing a dis-
regard of thf. provisions of the law by any of the
dibtrictregistiarsis that of William H. Thomas,
as to the registration in Fulton township, of
which 0. D. Snedicor was registrar, and ap-
pointed by Ttiomaa. Thomas testifies that he
was present and saw Snedicor register a num-
ber of persons. He says:
" I thought his whole movements were contrary to
law, in this, that he subscribed the names of the
applicants instead of their subscribing their own
names as the law directs; and that he merely asked
them if they could take the oath, instead of admin-
istering it; and that ho totally failed to administer
the additional oath given under the attorney gen-
eral's instructions, by which to ascertain the true
qualifiations of applicants. I protested against the
proceeding as being illegal, became disgusted, and
left the oihee."
That is the only evidence there is in the case
in relation to improper conduct on the part of
any district registrar. On the other side Sne-
dicor, the registrar of that district, says there
was no person registered who did not take the
oath. That, perhaps, deserves some explana-
tion. Every man who applies for registration
in Missouri is obliged to take the test-oath, the
strict test-oath prescribed by the Missouri stat-
ute. He cannot even be allowed an examina-
tion before the registering officer until he has
first taken that test-oath, which any gentleman
who will take the trouble to read it will find to
be a very strict one. Mr. Snedicor says that
no man was registered who did not take that
oath. He says:
"There were about twenty-five—not exceeding
twenty-five—of the first who registered to whom 1
explained the oath, and asked them it'they took the
oath, and upon being answered that they did, I had
them subscribe their names."
Now. I apprehend that there is no lawyerin
this House who will say that this was not a
legal administration of an oath. I am not
aware that any statute in force in Missouri, or
anywhere else provides the form of adminis-
tering the oath. The laws merely provide for
an oath; and when a man appears before the
proper officer and the oath is explained to
him, and he subscribes it, the officer duly cer-
tifying that he took the oath, that i take it is
a legal administration of the oath. According
to my apprehension, there is no propriety in
sticking about forms. Whether the person tak-
ing the oath shall hold up his hand or kiss the
book is not a matter of statute regulation ; it
is a matter of usage everywhere.
Now, in relation to this registration in Pul-
ton township, and as to whether there were
irregularities there, the evidence is that of
Thomas upon the one side and of Snedicor,
the registrar,- upon the other; and so far as
appears in this case there is quite as much
ground to believe that Mr. Snedicor is an hon-
est and truthful man as that Mr. Thomas is
such a man. I know nothing of Mr. Thomas,
except as he appears in this case, but there
certainly is very great ground for doubt in rela-
tion to the truth of the statement of Mr. Thnmas
when he testifies in relation to this registration
in Fulton township; and there is not a parti-
cle of evidence that while he sat on this board
of appeals he everraised the slightest objection
to the registration in this township or in any
other.
Mr. LOAN. I cannot believe that the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] would
intentionally make any statement not strictly
correct, and I ask him to read the testimony
of Mr. Garner in regurd to this man Snedicor,
and the character of the men who registered,
and then I desire to know whether he under-
takes to indorse the character of Snedicor in
comparison with that of Mr. Thomas or any-
body else.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I cannot go
into all the details of the evidence. It is sev-
eral months since the case was examined by
the committee and this report presented to the
House.
Mr. LOAN. The gentleman was speaking
of Mr. Snedicor as a man who stands fairly
before the House upon the evidence presented,
and I want him to refer to the evidence of Mr.
Gamer, which will show 
Mr. POLAND. My friend from Missouri
will have abundant opportunity to present to
the House the facts about Mr. Thomas, and
about ali parts of this case.
Mr. MILLER. I desire to inquire whether
any of these men, notwithstanding they were
registered, had participated in the rebellion.
Mi*. POLAND. Very few. There is evi-
dence that perhaps half a dozen of those who
were registered—I think not more than that—
were disloyal persons and ought not to have
been registered. Upon this registration Mr.
Thomas, before he,delivered it over to the sec-
retary of State, made various minutes and
memoranda, and on page 4 of the report of
the committee we present a copy of an entire
page of this registration, with the comments
made upon it by this Thomas, superintendent
of registration. This is a specimen :
"Agee, James H., enrolled disloyal in 1862.
^Ailcu, Jauies (*., enrolled disloyal in 186^.
"Atkinson, C. 0., enrolled disloyal in 18U2; required
to take the oath of allegiance.
"Atkinson, J. A,, required totakeoat'nofallogianec.
"Bailey, William II., disloyal, rebel sympathizer;
refused to take convention oath as clerK of court,
now county cicrk elect.
(" Barnes, T. >3., enrolled disloyal.
"Bartley, Joseph!)., has been in rebel or bush-
whacking scrviec; registered in Fulton, lives in St.
Aubert.
"Basket, Martin, enrolled disloyal.
"Beavan. Charles, enrolled disloyal.
Beavan, John T„ enrolled disloyal.
Becker, jilngel, enrolled disloyal.
_ ' Beeding, Thomas H., enrolled disloyal: registered
in 1'ulton, lives in Hound Prairie.
^ Bellama, Gteorge W., enrolled disloyal.
" Bennet, Willis J)., eniolled disloyal; required to
give bond of $1,000.
*' Berry, John {*.. enrolled disloyal.
Berry, Samuel H„ influential rebel sympathizer.
r 'Btackamon, Jauies, been in rebel army. (M.S.
Turner, witness.)
" Blackamon, James A., rebel sympathizer, noto-
riously disloyal. (H. S. Turner, witness.)
"Blackburn, Thomas, enrolleddisloyal; under bond
of $2,000; stated on oath he could not take the oath
as juror at circuit court.
"Blagg, William D., enrolled disloyal; took Judge
Ansell's two horses in 1861; said they were lor
rorter.
Mr. Thomas, in his testimony, says that he
copied some of these memoranda from some
military record, or a copy of a military record
that he had found, which does not appear to
have been made under any authority of law,
or to be authenticated in any form. Hence, I
say there is no evidence, except as to a very
small n umber of persons, that those registered
as qualified voters were really disloyal.
But to come to the evidence particularly as
to the question of intimidation, whether there
was such a state of fend and intimidation in
that county that the district registrars dared
not do their duty. I have already referred on
the part ot the sitting member to the evidence
of Thomas, the man who certifies the vote of
this county out in the first place, and now
undertakes to swear it out. I have referred to
him. Then there is the testimony of James E.
