538
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
manufactures ; that he will render truly and
correctly all the returns, statements, and in-
ventories prescribed bv law or regulations;
that -whenever he shall add to the number
of cutting machines, presses, snuff mills,
hand mills, or other mills or machines as afore-
said, he will immediately give notice thereof
to the collector of the district; that he will
stamp, in accordance with law, all tobacco and
snuff manufactured by him before he removes
any part thereof from the place of manufac-
ture ; that he will not knowingly sell, pur-
chase, expose, or receive for sale any manu-
factured tobacco or snuff which has not been
stamped as required by law ; 'and that he will
comply with all the requirements of law relat-
ing to the manufacture of tobacco or snuff.
And the sum of the said bond maybe increased
from time to time, and additional sureties re-
quired by the collector, under tlie instructions
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
And every manufacturer shall obtain a certifi-
cate from the collector of the district, who is
hereby authorized and directed to issue the
same, setting forth the kind and number of
machines, presses, snuff mills, hand mills, or
other mills and machines, as aforesaid, for
which the bond has been given, which certifi-
cate shall be posted in a conspicuous place
within the manufactory. And any tobacco
manufacturer who shall neglect or refuse to
obtain such certificate, or to keep the same
posted as hereinbefore provided, shall, on
conviction, be fined not less than one hundred
dollars nor more than five hundred dollars.
And any person manufacturing tobacco or
snuff of any description without first giving
bond as herein required, shall on conviction
be fined not less than one thousand dollars, nor
more than five thousand dollars, and impris-
oned for not less than one year nor more than
five years. And the working or preparation
of any leaf tobacco, or tobacco stems, scraps,
clippings, or waste, by sifting, twisting, screen-
ing, or any other process, shall be deemed
manufacturing.
Sec. 64. And be it further enacted, That
within thirty days after the passage of this act
every manufacturer of tobacco and snuff shall
place atid keep on the side or end of the build-
ing within which his business is carried on, so
that it can be distinctly seen, a sign, with
letters thereon not less than three inches in
length, painted in oil colors or gilded, giving
his full name and business. Any person
neglecting to comply with the requirements of
this section shall, on conviction, bo fined not
less than one hundred dollars nor more than
five hundred dollars.
Sec. 65. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of every assistant assessor to
keep a record, in a book or books to be pro-
\ided for the purpose, to be open to the inspec-
tion of any person, of the name and residence
of every p.erson engaged in the manufacture
of tobacco or snuff in his division, the place
where sucli manufacture is carried on, and the
number of the manufactory ; and the assistant
assessor shall enter in said record, under the
name of each manufacturer, a copy of every
inventory required by this act to be made by
such manufacturer, and an abstract of his
monthly returns : and each assessor shall keep
f: similar record for the district., and shall cause
the several manufactories of tobacco or snuff
in his district to be numbered consecutively,
which numbers shall not thereafter be changed.
Sue. 00. And be [it] farther enacted, That
ever? person, now or hereafter engaged in the
manufacture of tobacco or snuff, shall make
n!>d deliver to the assistant assessor of the
division a true inventory, in such form as shall
be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
j ievenue, of the quantity of each of the different
kinds of tobacco, snuff flour, snuff, stems,
scraps, clippings, waste, tinfoil, licorice, sugar,
yum, and other materials held or owned by liini
on the first day of January of each year, or at
the time of commencing and at the time of con-
cluding business, if before or after the first of
January, setting forth what portion of said
goods and materials, and what kinds, were
manufactured or produced by him, and what
was purchased from others; which inventory
shall be verified by his'oath or affirmation ; and
the assistant assessor shall made personal ex-
amination of the stock sufficient to satisfy him-
self as to the correctness of the inventory, and
shall verify the fact of such examination by
oath or affirmation taken before the assessor,
to be indorsed on or affixed to the inventory ;
and every such person shall keep a book or
books, the forms of which shall be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and
enter therein daily an accurate account of all
the articles aforesaid purchased by him, the
quantity of tobacco, snuff, and snuff flour,
stems, scraps, clippings, waste, tinfoil, licorice,
sugar, gum, and other materials, of whatever
description, whether manufactured, (and if
plug tobacco the number of net pounds of
lumps made in the lump-room, and the number
of packages and pounds produced in the press-
room each day,) sold, consumed, or removed
for consumption or sale, or removed from the
place of manufacture in bond, and to what dis-
trict ; and shall, on or before the tenth day of
each and every month, furnish to the assistant
assessor of the division a true and accurate
abstract from such book of all such purchases,
sales, and removals, made during the month
next preceding, which abstract shall be verified
by his oath or affirmation ; and in case of re-
fusal or willful neglect to deliver the inventory,
or keep the account, or furnish the abstract
aforesaid, he shall, on conviction, be fined not
less than five hundred dollars nor more than
five thousand dollars, and imprisoned not less
than six months nor more than three years.
And it shall be the duty of any dealer in leaf
tobacco, or in any material used in manufac-
turing tobacco or snuff, on demand of any
officer of internal revenue to render a true and
correct statement, verified by oath or affirma-
tion, of the quantity and amount of such leaf
tobacco or material sold or delivered to any
person named in such demand ; and in case
of refusal or neglect to render such statement,
or if there is cause to believe such statement
to be incorrect or fraudulent, the assessor shall
make an examination of persons, books, and
papers, in the same manner as provided in this
act in relation to frauds and evasions.
Sec. 67. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall cause
to be prepared suitable and special revenue
stamps for payment of the tax on tobacco and
snuff, which stamps shall indicate the weight
and class of the article on which payment is to
be made, and shall be affixed and canceled in
the mode prescribed by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, and stamps when used on
any wooden package shall be canceled by sink-
ing a portion of the same into the wood with a
steel die; also such warehouse stamps as are
required by this act, which stamps shall be
furnished to the collectors of internal revenue
requiring the same, who shall each keep at all
timesasupply equal in amountto three months'
sales thereof, and shall sell the same only to
the manufacturers of tobaeeo and snuff in their
respective districts who have given bonds as
required by law, to owners or consignees of
tobacco or snuff, upon the requisition of the
proper custom-house officer having the custody
of'such tobacco or snuff, and to persons required
by law to affix the same to tobacco or snuff on
hand on the first day of January, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine; and every
collector shall keep an account of tiie number,
amount, and denominate values of stamps so'td
by him to each manufacturer, and to other
persons above described.
Sko. 68. And be it further enacted, That
every manufacturer of tobacco or snuff shall, in
addition to all other lequirements of this act
relating to tobacco, print on each package or
securely affix, by pasting oil each package con-
taining tobacco Or snuff manufactured by or
for him, a label on-which shall be priiited, -
together with the proprietor's or manufacturer's
name, the number of the manufactory, and the
district and State in which it is situated, these
words:
'' Notice.—The manufacturer of this tobacco
has complied with all the requirements of law.
Every person is cautioned, under the penalties
of law, not to use this package for tobacco
again."
Any manufacturer of tobacco who shall neg-
lect to print on or affix such label to any pack-
age containing tobacco made by or for him, or
sold or offered for sale by or for him ; or any
person who shall remove any such label so
affixed from any such package, shall, on con-
viction, be fined fifty dollars for each package
in respect to which such offense shall be com-
mitted.
Sec. 69. Andbeit further enacted, That any
manufacturer of tobacco or snuff who shall
remove otherwise than as provided by law, or
sell any tobacco or snuff without the proper
stamps denoting the tax thereon, or without
having paid the special tax, or given bond as
required by law, or who shall make false or
fraudulent entries of manufactures or sales of
tobacco or snuff, or who shall make false or
fraudulent entries of the purchase or sales of
leaf tobacco, tobacco stems, or other material,
or who shall affix any false, forged, fraudulent,
spurious, or counterfeit stamp, or imitation of
any stamp required by this act, to any box or
package containing any tobacco or snuff, shall,
in addition to the penalties elsewhere provided
in this actforsuch offenses, forfeit to the United
States all the raw material and manufactured
or partly manufactured tobacco and snuff, and
all machinery, tools, implements, apparatus,
fixtures, boxes and barrels, and all other mate-
rials which shall be found in the possession of
such person, in the manufactory of such person,
or elsewhere.
Sec. 70. Andbeit further enacted, That the
absence of the proper stamp on any package
of manufactured tobacco or snuff shall be notice
to all persons that the tax has not been paid
thereon, and shall be prima facie evidence of
the non-payment thereof. And such tobacco
or snuff shall be forfeited to the United States.
Sec. 71. Andbeit further enacted, That any
person who shall remove from any manufac-
tory, or from any place where tobacco or snuff
is made, any manufactured tobacco or snuff
without the same being put up in proper pack-
ages, or without the proper stamp for the
amount thereon being affixed and _ canceled,
as required by law; or, if intended for export,
without the proper warehouse stamp Doing
affixed; or shall use, sell, oroffer for sale, or
have in possession, except in the manufactory,
or in a Ijonded warehouse, any manufactured
tobacco or snuff, without proper stamps nt-iiig
affixed and canceled ; or shall sell, or offur
for sale, for consumption in the United States,
or use, or hare in possession, except in the
manufactory or in a bonded warehouse, any
manufactured tobacco or snuff on which only
the warehouse stamp marking the same for
export has been affixed, shall, on conviction
thereof for each such offense, respectively, bo
fined not less than one thousand dollars not-
more than li\o thousand dollars, and be im-
prisoned not loss i nan six months nor more
than two years. Ami any person who shall
affix to any package containing tobacco or
snuff any false, forged, fraudulent, spuriou-,
or counterfeit stamp, or a stamp which h is
been before used, shall be deemed guilty of
! a felony, and on conviction shall be fined not
: less than one thousand dollars nor more than
i five thousand dollars, and imprisoned not less
: than two years nor more than five years.
1 Sac. 72. And be it further enacted, That
1 whenever any stamped box, bag, vessel, wrap-
