1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4087
Turley; and I ask to take a little time to read
the testimony of this lion-hearted Turley, this
man who says he could not do his duty because
he was intimidated. I wish gentlemen to listen;
tor, saving the testimony of Thomas, it is the
most minute testimony on the part of the sit-
ting member to show there was fear and vio-
lence on the part of the registrars, so they could
not do it. Here is a good picture of the man
and a good picture of tbe state of things, and
a good picture of the pretenses upon which the
vote of this county was thrown out by the sec-
retary of: State. James 15. Turley, the regis-
trator Bourbon township, whose statement or
certificate to the secretary of State has before
been referred to, was called as a witness by the
sitting member, and was asked as follows:
"Question. In signing the certificate to your regis-
tration for Bourbon township, did you believe that
the Utw was faithfully carried out?
"Annoer. I did then, sir; and if I hod to do it again
would do just as 1 did then; but I heard after I
signed the certificate things which if I had known
when I registered I would not have signed the cer-
tificate.
"Question, Was there not a sjsteni of intimidation
in the county at the time?
"Answer* There was against me, sir. I was intimi-
dated by fear of being interrupted."
On his cross-examination by the contestant,
he was examined as to the grounds of his fear,
and what was said, and by whom, and as he
is the only one of the registrars who claims to
have been prevented by fear from doing his
proper duty, his testimony on that subject is
worthy of attention:
44 Question. What did the peoplo say that seared
you?
"Answer. When you (the contestant) spoke in the
court-house, you asked it' the bupeivuor was present,
and when told thathe was nut, you then asked if any
registrars were present, and lie told them that we
weie in a very delicate situation, and to be careful.
"Question. What other persons said anything to
scare you?
" Answer. James K. Sheeiy made another very
frightful remark to me.
" Question. When and where did Shcely make the
remaik, and what was it?
"Anticer* It was after 1 was appointed, in front of
his othce, in Fulton, lie said it this registration law
was carried out according to liadieal rule there
would, be jive hundred law suits in Callaway county.
"Question. Did not you cany out the registration
aceoiding to the Radical rule?
"Answer. I do not think I did, as I had to skin
between two parties, as it was rather a zigzag course,
liable to a suit from either party.
"Question. Were there any suits brought against
you?
"Annver. Not that I know of.
"Question* What other persons seared you by
remarks ?
"Answer. Jeff. Jones made remarks in a speech
here that acared me.
" Question. What did Jones say?
"Answer. Jones advised the people, soldiers and
oil, to open polls of their own, and hold an election
in spite of the registration.
4* Question. Was not Jones's advice not to resist the
registration law?
*" Answer. Ididnotsounderstandit; butheadvised
them not to register at all, but to hold polls of their
own at the election.
" Question* What other persons made frightful
remarks to scare you?
"Answer. Well, sir, I will take Mr. Hockaday as
the next man, as he struck more terror to my heart
than anybody elae. Mr. Hockaday got up the day
Mr. Jones spoke and read a document, one clause
of which was that 'we will put down the Radical
party so that they will never destroy any other nation
as they have done this.'
" Question. Was not that document a resolution
ratiiyingthe action oft .e Philadelphia convention?
"Answer. I don't know.
44 Question. What other persons frightened you ?
" Answer. It wasM.Y. Duncan, of Audrain county.
Question* What did he say ?
** Answer. He said pretty much what you said;
only he went iurther and said that if any man came
forward and took the oath of loyalty, and the regis-
trar relusecl to register him, he was liable to prosecu-
tion.
4* Question* Are these all that scared you ?
44 Answer. These werealltheimportantones; there
was some neighborhood chat of minor importance."'
JdL S. Turner, whose certificate to the sec-
retary of State has been quoted, was appointed
registrar for Round Prairie township, and after
registering one day resigned the position. He
was asked:
" Question. What were your reasons for so doing ?
[resigning.]
"Answer. I found I could not execute the law
properly.
" Question. What were the difficulties you had to
contend with ?
"Answer. A great many refused to be questioned
as to their qualifications.
"Question. Those whom you registered,did they
refuse to be questioned?
"Answer. A good many did, sir.
Question. Did you believe from your knowledge
of the township at the time that a proper registra-
tion could be made under the law ?
"Ansioer. I did no*", sir ?
"Question, Were persons whom you knew to be
disqualified demanding to be put on the list as
voters?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
I have taken the trouble, Mr. Speaker, to
read the testimony of this witness at length
because, aside from Mr. Thomas, this lion-
hearted Turley is the great witness of the sitting
member. Now, sir, is it not perfectly ridicu-
lous for a sober and serious man to undertake
to say this officer of registration was prevented
from doing his duty; that he dared not do his
duty ; that he dared not include men who were
entitled to registration ; that he dared not regis
ter men who were entitled to vote, and all this
upon the ridiculous pretense we have here ? Is
there any man here, any man upon this floor,
upon this side, who, to serve a political friend,
or with any idea of serving his political party,
will stand upon so ridiculous a ground as this?
Then we have the testimony of J. J. P. John-
son, who said:
"I think there were some who said they would
have a tree election or a free light."
Next we have John Yount:
Wore threats made against officers of registra-
tion ?
"-Nothing, except liwsuits; they said around they
woiiifl have a tree election or a lree fight.
|| Weieobjections made to those registering?
|' No, fair; some told me they were afraid to act as
witnesses. Witnesses said tliey would not. attend,
and I did not think it safe to lisk it myself."
Abram Suithen testified as follows :
111 thought it not safe to object to registration.
They said if they could not vote others should not.''
William H. Thomas said :
"It was the general talk throughout the country
anions the disloyal that they intended to have a free
election or a fiee fifth t; and they intended to register
anyhow or have a tsiss over it. Trial kept men from
going to the place of registration and laying m ob-
jections."
J. S. Henderson, of Fulton, was applied to
to be registrar, but declined, and was asked
for his reasons:
|| I did not wish to register the township.
" Bid you beliove you could pioperly enforce the
law ?
"I did not know that I could not; but didn't wish
to have any conflict with the inhabitants. Thought
it would bean unthanktul and unprofitable business
to entorcc the law."
Then, on the other hand, John Vinson, reg-
istrar of Nine-Mile Prairie, says there was no
opposition or interference with registration ;
not threatened and heard of no threats by any-
body ; everything was quiet.
Thomas H. Beeding, ofliound Prairie, heard
of no threats, and does not think persons
would have been in any danger by appearing
and making objections. He heard Turner say
he had no fears; but people did not like the
way he questioned them.
A. B. Maupin, registrar of Hound Prairie,
was not threa;ened or interfered with; does
uot think persons would have been in dauger
of insult or violence who made objections;
heard nothing of the kind.
'1'. J. Ferguson, registrar of Cote Sans Ded-
doin, was not threatened or interfered with in
any way.
L. B. Hunt, registrar of Aux Vasse, was not
threatened or intimidated or ill any way inter-
fered with in making the registration.
John Yount, registrar of Cedar, was threat-
ened only with lawsuits. Some men said if
they were not registered there would be a law-
suit about it; but they never brought any.
J ohn K. Boyd, of Hound Prairie, says the
registration was quiet, peaceable ; no disturb-
ance ; does not believe persons would have
met any difficulty by objecting to persons reg-
istering.
George A. Moore, registrar of St. Aubut,
was not threatened, intimidated, or interfered
with in any way in registering.
M. T. Moore, of Cedar, does not know or
believe there was any threats or intimidation
used to retard or interfere with regislration.
Morgan B. White, of Nine-Mile Prairie, says
the same; was present every day; never saw-
it more quiet.
Martin Baker, of Bourbon, says the same in
substance.
Rawdon H. Hood, of Liberty, was present
at registration; it was quiet, and orderly ;
heard of no threatening or intimidation ; regis-
trar said he had met no difficulty.
John Wilson, of Cedar, says the registration
was quiet and peaceable ; keardof no threaten-
ing or intimidation ; men were not deterred
from voting or making objections.
James W. Overton, of Cedar, says so far as
Thomas's certificate applies to his town it is
false.
William King, sheriff of the county, was a
good deal among the people during the can-
vass ; heard ofno threatening or intimidation to
interfere with the registration law, except some
men said if registrars did not carry oat the
law they would sue them ; beard Turley say
twice alter the session of the board of appeals
that he had got along as well as any registrar
in the county, and his books did not show a
scratch.
Isaac D. Snedicor, registrar of Pulton, had
no difficulty ; registration was quiet and or-
derly ; says Thomas's certificate is false as to
his township.
But, Mr. Speaker, as I said in the outset,
all that is conceded. They do not deny it on
the other side. It was conceded by the gen-
tleman who argued the case before the com-
mittee for the sitting member, and who I sup-
pose will make a speech in reference to the
case before the Iiouse, that there was no
violenceand no appearance of violence. Itall
resolves itself into a certain fashionable color
a lew years ago called invisible green. It was
violence that nobody saw. One piece of evi-
dence that is relied upon on the part of tbe
sitting member to establish this, is the state
of things that existed in that county during
the war. Several witnesses have testified that
the general sentiment of that county during
the war was dislojal. They estimate, I think,
from one hundred and fifty to two hundred
persons in that county who were rebel sympa-
thizers. There is no pretense that it is shown
in the testimony that there was any such pro-
portion of the people of the county who were
guilty of any disloyal acts, but it is claimed
that they were rebel sympathizers. That has
come to be, not only in the political, butin the
legal world of Missouri, a very important phrase.
Mr. LOAN. I ask the gentleman if he does
not understand that the law of Missouri dis-
franchises rebel sympathizers'/
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir; I do. That is
the law of Missouri. Whether wisely or un-
wisely they undertook to say that people shall
not vote merely upon matters ot conscience
and opinion. The committee have not under-
taken to decide here that the State of Missouri
did wisely or unwisely in passing such a law.
Itis the law of Missouri ana we have notunder-
taken to gainsay it. But when you undertake to
apply this in practice, when you undertake to
get witnesses to estimate the number of persons
who sympathized with the rebellion and who cast
their votes, the result will be that they will esti-
mate just as many such persons as voted against
the candidate of their choice. Practically that
is the result of such a law as this which under-
takes to exclude men from voting on the ground
of having sympathized with the rebellion, not
for illegal acts, butfor entertaining wrong opin-
ions. The witnesses thatyou call on one side
or the other will limit their testimony to the
number that voted for or against their choice.
Mr. LOAN. I would like to ask the gentle-
man if he would be willing to take the con-
testant's estimate of the number of rebel sym-
pathizers and the number of loyal men in that
county?
Mr. POLAND. I havenothingto say about
that.
Mr. LOAN. I am willing to take his state-
ment.
Mr. MULLINS. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] has said that there were
