1SG8.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
Laws of he United States.
40th Cong.... 2d Sess.
per, or envelope of any kind, containing
tobacco or snuff, shall be emptied, the stamped
portion thereof shall be destroyed by the per-
son in whose hands the same may be. And
any person who shall willfully neglect or refuse
so to do shall, for each such offense, on con-
viction, be fined fifty dollars, and imprisoned
not less than ten days nor more than six
months. And any person who shall sell or
give away, or who shall buy or accept from
another, any such empty stamp box, bag, ves-
sel, wrapper, or envelope of any kind, or the
stamped portion thereof, shall, for each such
offense, on conviction, be fined one hundred
dollars, and imprisoned for not less than
twenty days and not more than one year. And
any manufacturer or other person who shall
put tobacco or snuff into any such box, bag,
vessel, wrapper, or envelope, the same having
been either emptied or partially emptied, shall
for each such offense, on conviction, be fined
not less than one hundred nor more than five
hundred dollars, and imprisoned for not less
than one nor more than three years.
Seo. 73. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, upon the
execution of such bonds as he may prescribe,
may designate and establish, at any port of
entry in the United States, bonded warehouses
for the storage of manufactured tobacco and
snuff, in bond, intended for exportation, select-
ing suitable buildings for such purpose, to be
recommended by the collector in charge of
exports at such port, to be known as export
bonded warehouses, and used exclusively for
the storage of manufactured tobacco and snuff
in bond. Every such warehouse shall be under
the control of the collector of internal reve-
nue in charge of exports at the port where
such warehouse is located, and shall be in
charge of an internal revenue storekeeper
assigned thereto by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue. No manufactured tobacco or
snuff shall be withdrawn or removed from any
bonded warehouse without an order or permit
from the collector in charge of exports at such
port, which shall be issued only for the imme-
diate transfer to a vessel by which such tobacco
or snuff is to be exported to a foreign country,
as hereinafter provided, or after the tax has
been paid thereon. And such warehouse shall
be under such further regulations as the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe.
Any manufactured tobacco and snuff may be
withdrawn once, and no more, from an export
bonded warehouse for transportation to any
other port of entry in the United States where
an export bonded warehouse for the storage of
manufactured tobacco and snuff may have
been established, and such manufactured to-
bacco and snuff so withdrawn shall, on its
arrival at the second port of entry, be imme-
diately warehoused in an export bonded ware-
house for the storage of manufactured tobacco
and snuff, from which it shall be withdrawn
only as provided by law.
Sec. 74. And be it further enaefed, That
manufactured tobacco and snuff may be re-
moved in bond from the manufactory, without
payment of the tax, to be transported directly
to an export bonded warehouse for the storage
of manufactured tobacco or snuff established
at a port of entry as hereinbefore provided;
and the deposit in and withdx-awal from any
bonded warehouse, the transportation and ex-
portation of manufactured tobaeco and snuff,
shall be made under such rules and regulations
and after making such entries and executing
such bonds and giving such other additional
security as may be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, which shall in all
respects, so far as applicable, conform to the
provisions of law and regulations relating to
distilled spirits to be deposited in or withdrawn
from bonded warehouse or transported or ex-
ported. All tobacco and snuff intended for
export, before being removed from the manu-
factory shall have affixed to each package an
engraved stamp indicative of such intention,
to be provided and furnished to the several
collectors, as in the case of other stamps, and
to be charged to them and accounted for in the
same manDer; and for the expense attending
the providing and affixing such stamps, twenty-
five cents for each package so stamped shall be
paid to the collector on making the entry for
such transportation ; but the provisions of this
section shall not limit the time for tobacco or
snuff to remain m bond.
Sec. 75. And be it further enacted, That in
all cases where tobacco or snuff of any descrip-
tion is manufactured, in whole or in part, upon
commission or shares, or where the material
from which any such articles are made, or are
to be made, is furnished by one person and
made or manufactured by another, or where
the material is furnished or sold by one person
with an understanding or agreement with
another that the manufactured article is to be
received in payment therefor or for any part
thereof, the stamps required by law shall be
fixed by the actual maker or manufacturer
before the article passes from the place of
making or manufacturing. And in case of
fraud on the part of either of said persons in
respect to said manufacture, or of any collu-
sion on their part with intent' to defraud the
revenue, such material and manufactured arti-
cles shall be forfeited to the United States;
and each party to such fraud or collusion shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on
conviction, be fined not less than one hundred
dollars nor more than five thousand dollars,
and imprisoned for not less than six months
nor more than three years.
Sec. 70. And be it further enacted, That
every dealer in leaf tobacco shall enter daily
in a book kept for that purpose, under such
regulations as the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may prescribe, the number of hogs-
heads, cases, and pounds of leaf tobacco pur-
chased by him, and of whom purchased, and
the number of hogsheads, cases, or pounds
sold by him, with the name and residence, in
each instance, of the person to whom sold,
and if shipped, to whom shipped, and to what
district. Such book shall be kept at his place
of business, and shall be open at all hours to
the inspection of any assessor, collector, or
other revenue officer ; and any dealer in leaf
tobacco who shall neglect or refuse to keep
such book shall bo liable to a penalty of not
less than five hundred dollars, and on convic-
tion thereof shall be fined not less than one
hundred dollars nor more than five thousand
dollars, and imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than two years.
Sec. 77. And be it further enacted, That
from aud after the passage of this act, and
until the first day of October, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, all manufactured tobacco and
snuff (not including cigars) imported from
foreign countries shall be placed by the owner,
importer, or consignee thereof in a bonded
warehouse of the United States at the place
of importation, in the same manner and under
rules as provided for warehousing goods im-
ported into the United States, and shall not be
withdrawn from such warehouse, nor be entered
forconsumption or transportation in theUnited
States priorto the said first day of October, eight-
een hundred and sixty-eight. All manufactured
tobacco and snuff (not including cigars) im-
ported from foreign countries, after the pas-
sage of this act, shall, in addition to the import
duties imposed on the same, pay the tax pre-
scribed in this act for like kinds of tobacco
and snuff manufactured in the United States,
and have the same stamps respectively affixed.
Such stamps shall be affixed and canceled on
all such articles so imported by the owner or
importer thereof, while such articles are in the
proper custom-house officers, and such articles
shall not pass out of the custody of such offi- j
cers until the stamps have been affixed aud j'
eauceled. Such tobacco and snuff shall be i
put up in packages, as prescribed in thisacfc
for like articles manufactured iu the United
States before such stamps are affixed; and the
owner or importer of such tobacco and snuff
shall be liable to all the penal provisions of
this act, prescribed for manufacturers of to-
bacco and snuff manufactured in the United
States. Where it shall be necessary to take
any such articles, so imported, to any place for
the purpose of repacking, affixing, and can-
celing such stamps, other than the public
stores of the United States, the collector of
customs of the port where such articles shall
be entered shall designate a bonded warehouse
to which such articles shall be taken, under
the control of such customs officer as such
collector may direct. And any officer of cus-
toms who shall permit any such articles to
pass out of his custody or control without
compliance by the owner or importer thereof
with the provisions of this section relating
thereto, shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and shall, on conviction, be fined not
less than one thousand dollars, nor more than
five thousand dollars, and imprisoned not loss
than six months nor more than three years.
Sec. 78. And be it further enacted, That
from and after the passage of this act it shall
be the duty of every dealer in manufactured
tobacco, having on hand more than twenty
pounds, and every dealer in snuff having on
hand more than ten pounds, to immediately
make a true and correct inventory of the
amount of such tobacco and snuft, respectively,
under oath or affirmation, and to deposit such
inventory with the assistant assessor of the
proper division, who shall immediately return
the same to the assessor of the district, who
shall immediately thereafter make an abstract
of the several inventories filed in his office,
and transmit such abstract to the Commis-
sionerof Interna! Revenue, and a like inventory
and return shall be made on the first day of
every month thereafter, and a like abstract of
inventories shall be transmitted while any such
dealer has tobacco or snuff remaining on hand
manufactured in the United States, or im-
ported prior to the passage of this act, and not
stamped. After the first -day of January,
eighteen hundred and sixty-nine, all smoking,
fine-cut chewing tobacco, or snuff, and after
the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, all other manufactured tobacco of
every description, shall be taken and deemed
as having been manufactured after the passage
of this act, and shall not be sold or offered for
sale unless put up in packages and stamped as
prescribed by this act, except at retail by retail
dealers from wooden packages stamped as
provided for in this act; and any person who
shall sell, or offer for sale, after the first day
of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
any smoking, fine-cut chewing tobacco, or
snuff, and after the first day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, any other manufactured
tobacco not so put up in packages and stamped,
shall, on conviction, be fined not less than five
hundred dollars nor more than five thousand
dollars, and imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than two years.
Sec. 79. Andbe it further enacted. That any
person who shall, after the passage of this act,
sell, or offer for sale, any manufactured to-
bacco or snuff, representing the same to have
been manufactured and the tax paid thereon
prior to the passage of this act. when the i>atne
was not so manufactured, and the tax not. so
paid, shall be liable to a penalty of five hun-
dred dollars for each offense, and shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on con-
viction, shall be fined not lef-s than five hun-
dred dollars not more than five thousand dol-
lars, and shall be imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than two years.
Sec. 80. And be it further eruicled. That all
manufactured tobacco and suufh uutmif-aenu ml
prior to the passage of this act. and heal in
bond at the time of its passage, may be sold
