540
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 20;
40th Concs. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
for consumption in the original packages, with
the proper stamps for the amount of the tax
thereon affixed and canceled as required by
law ; and any person who shall, after the pas-
sage of this act, offer for sale any tobacco or
snuff, in packages of a different size from
those limited and prescribed by this act, rep-
resenting the same to have been held in bond
at the time of the passage of this act, when
the same was not so held in bond, shall, on
conviction, be fined fifty dollars for each pack-
age in respect to which such offense shall be
committed: Provided, That after the-first day
of January, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine, no such tobacco or snuff shall be
sold or removed for sale or consumption from
any bonded warehouse unless put up in pack-
ages and stamped as provided by this act.
Sec. 81. And be it further enacted, That
upon cigars which shall be manafactured and
sold, or removed for consumption or use, there
shall be assessed and collected the following
taxes, tobe paid by the manufacturer thereof:
On cigars of all descriptions, made of tobacco
or any substitute therefor, five dollars per thou-
sand; on cigarettes weighing not exceeding
three pounds per thousand, one dollar and
fifty cents per thousand ; when weighing ex-
ceeding tkree pounds per thousand, five dol-
lars per thousand. And the Commissioner of
Internal Kevenue may prescribe such regula-
tions for the inspection of cigars, cheroots,
and cigarettes, and the collection of the tax
thereon, as shall, in his judgment, be most
effective for the prevention of frauds in the
payment of such tax.
Seo. 82. And be it further enacted, That
every person before commencing, or, if already
commenced, before continuing, the manufac-
ture of cigars, shall furnish, without previous
demand therefor, to the assistant assessor of
the division a statement in duplicate, sub-
scribed under oath or affirmation, accurately
setting forth the place, and, if in a city, the
street and number of the street where the
manufacture is to be carried on ; and if the
same shall be manufactured for. or to be sold
and delivered to, any other person, the name
and residence and business or occupation of
the person for whom the cigars are to be man-
ufactured or to whom to be delivered; and
shall give a bond in conformity with the pro-
visions of this act. in such penal sum as the
assessor of the district may require, not less
than five hundred dollars, with an addition of
one hundred dollars for each person proposed
to be employed by him in making cigars, con-
ditioned that he will not employ any person to
manufacture cigars who has not been duly
registered as a cigar-maker ; that he will not
engage in any attempt, by himself or by collu-
sion with others, to defraud the Government
of any tax on his manufactures; that he will
render truly and correctly all the returns,
statements, and inventories prescribed; that
whenever he shall add to the number of cigar-
makers employed by him, he will immedi-
ately give notice thereof to the collector of the
district; that he will stamp, in accordance with
law, all cigars manufactured by him before he
offers the same or any part thereof for sale,
and before he removes any part thereof from
the place of manufacture; that he will not
knowingly sell, purchase, expose, or receive
for sale any cigars which have not been stamped
as required by law ; and that he will comply
with all the requirements of law relating to
the manufacture of cigars. The sum of said
bond may be increased from time to time, and
additional sureties required at the discretion
of the assessor, or under the instructions of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Every
cigar manufacturer shall obtain from the col-
lector of the district, 'who is hereby required
to issue the same, a certificate setting forth
the number of cigar-makers for which the
bond has been given, which certificate shall be
posted in a conspicuous place within the man-
ufactory ; and any cigar manufacturer who shall
neglect or refuse to obtain such certificate, or
to keep the same posted as hereinbefore pro-
vided, shall, on conviction, be fined one hun-
dred dollars. Any person manufacturing cigars
of any. description without first giving bond as
herein required, shall, on conviction, be fined
not less than one hundred dollars nor more
than five thousand dollars, and imprisoned not
less than three months nor more than five years.
Cigarettes and cheroots shall be held to be
cigars under the meaning of this act.
Sec. 83. And be it further enacted, That
within thirty days after the passage of this act
every cigar manufacturer shall place and keep
on the side or end of the building within which
his business is carried on, so that it can be
distinctly seen, a sign, with letters thereon not
less than three inches in length, painted in oil
colors or gilded, giving his full name and busi-
ness. Any person neglecting to comply with
the requirements of this section shall, on con-
viction, be fined not less than one hundred
dollars, nor more than five hundred dollars.
Sec, 84. And be it further enacted, That it
shall be the duty of every assistant assessor to
keep a record, in a book to be provided for the
purpose, to be open to the inspection of any
person, of the name and residence of every
person engaged in the manufacture of cigars
in his division, the place where such manufac-
ture is carried on, and the number of the man-
ufactory, together with the names and resi-
dences of every cigar-maker employed in his
division; and the assistant assessor shall enter
in said record, under the name of each manu-
facturer, an abstract of his inventories and
monthly returns ; and each assessor shall keep
a similar record for the district, and shall cause
the several manufactories of cigars in the dis-
trict to be numbered consecutivcly, which num-
ber shall not thereafter be changed.
Sec. 85. Andbe it further enacted, Thatfrom
and after the passage of this act all cigars shall
be packed in boxes, not before used for that
purpose, containing, x-espectivelv, twenty-five,
fifty, one hundred, two hundred and fifty, or
five hundred cigars each; and any person who
shall sell or offer for sale, or deliver or offer
to deliver, any cigars in any other form than
in new boxes as above described, or who shall
pack in any box any cigars in excess of the
nu cnber provided by law to be put in each box,
respectively, or who shall falsely brand any
box, or who shall affix a stamp on any box
denoting a less amount of tax than that re-
quired by law, shall upon conviction, for any of
the above described offenses, be fined for each
such offense not less than one hundred dollars,
nor more than one thousand dollars, and be
imprisoned not less than six months nor more
than two years: Provided, That nothing in this
section shall be construed as preventing the
sale of cigars at retail by retail dealers who have
paid the special tax as suchfrom boxes packed,
stamped, and branded in the mannerprescribed
by law.
Sec. 88. And be it further enacted, That
every person now or hereafter engaged in the
manufacture of cigars shall make and deliver
to the assistant assessor of the division a true
inventory, in form prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, of the quantity of
leaf tobacco, cigars, stems, scraps, clippings,
and waste, and the number of cigar-boxes and
the capacity of each box held or owned by
him on the first day of January of each year,
or at the time of commencing and a,t the time
of concluding business, if before or after the
first of January, setting forth what portion of
said goods, and what kinds, were manufac-
tured or produced by him, and what were
purchased from others, which inventory shall
be verified by his oath or affirmation indorsed
on said inventory ; and the assistant assessor
shall make personal examination of the stock
sufficient to satisfy himself as to the correct-
ness of the inventoiy, and shall verify the fact
of such examination by oath or affirmation
taken before the assessor, also to be indorsed
on the inventory; and every such person shall
enter daily in a book, the form of which, shall
be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, an accurate account of all the arti-
cles aforesaid purchased by. him, the quantity
of leaf tobacco, cigars, stems, or cigar-boxes,-
of whatever description, manufactured, sold,
consumed, or removedfor consumption or sale,
or removed from the place of manufacture;
and shall, on or before the tenth day of each
and every month, furnish to the assistant as-
sessor of the division a true and accurate
abstract from such book of all such purchases,
sales, and removals made during the month
next preceding, which abstract shall be veri-
fied by his oath or affirmation ; and in case of
refusal or willful neglect to deliver the invent-
ory, or keep the account, or furnish the ab-
stract aforesaid, he shall, on conviction, be
fined not less than five hundred dollars nor
more than five thousand dollars, and impris-
oned not less than six months nor more than
three years. It shall be the duty of any dealer
in leaf tobacco or material used in manufac-
turing cigars, on demand of any officer of in-
ternal revenue authorized by law, to render to
such officer a true and correct statement, veri-
fied by oath or affirmation, of the quantity and
amount of such leaf tobacco or materials sold
or delivered to any person or persons named
in such demand; and in case of refusal or neg-
lect to render such statement, or if there is
cause to believe such statement to be incor-
rect or fraudulent, the assessor shall make an
examination of persons, books, and papers, in
the same manner as provided in this act in
relation to frauds and evasions.
Sec. 87. And be it further enacted, That the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall cause
to be prepared, for payment of the tax upon
cigars, suitable stamps denoting the tax there-
on ; and all cigars shall be packed in quanti-
ties of twenty-five, fifty, one hundred, two
hundred and fifty, and five hundred; and all
such stamps shall be furnished to collectors
requiring the same, who shall, if there be any
cigar manufacturers within their respective
districts, keep on hand at all times a supply
equal in amount to two months' sales thereof,
and shall sell the same only to the cigar manu-
facturers who have given bonds and paid the
special tax, as required by law, in their dis-
tricts respectively, and to importers of cigars
who are required to affix the same to imported
cigars in the custody of customs officers and to
persons required by law to affix the same to
cigars on hand on the first day of January,
anno Domini eighteen hundred and sixty-miie ;
and every collector shall keep an account of
the number, amount, aud denominate values
of the stamps sold by him to each cigar manu-
facturer, and to other persons above described:
Provided, That from and after the passage of
this act the duty on all cigars imported into
the United States from foreign countries shall
be two dollars and fifty cents [per] pound, and
twenty-five per centum ad valorem.
Sec. 88, And be it further enacted, That
every manufacturer of cigars shall securely
affix, by pasting on each box containing cigars
manufactured by or for him. a label on which
shall be printed, together with the manufac-
turer's name, the number of his manufactory,
and the district and State in which it is situ-
ated, these words:
"Notice.—The manufacturer of the cigars
herein contained has complied with all the
requirements of law. Every persou is cau-;
tioned, under the penalties of law, not to use
this box for cigars again."
Any manufacturer of cigars who shall neg-
lect to affix such label to any box containing
cigars made by or for him, or sold or offered
for sale by or for him, or any person who shall
remove any such label, so affixed, from any
such box, shall, upon conviction thereof, be
