666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21j
fore declared that the Government of the j
United States was powerless to prevent the
■work of secession. He thereby announced to
all the rebels that they might go on with their
work with impunity; they would meet with no
opposition on his part. And, sir, I am sorry
to say, but the truth is, that in this declaration
he was sustained by the great body of his party
in the North. But in the course of December,
1860, and January, 1861, the position of Mr.
Buchanan on that subject became very uncom-
fortable. There were men with whom he was
consulting, such men as Edwin M. Stanton
and Judge Holt, and others that might be
named, who strongly insisted that it was his
duty to snuff out this taper of rebellion, then
just beginning to burn.
Mr. Buchanan was for a long time hesitat-
ing; but at last the State of South Carolina
demanded of him peremptorily, impudently,
and confidently that he should order the evac-
uation of Fort Moultrie by the United States
troops then holding it under the command of
Major Anderson. Mr. Buchanan deeided at
one time that he would reenforce Fort Moul-
trie, but he afterward reconsidered that de-
termination, and then South Carolina still
demanded that he should withdraw the small
handful of troops who were there. Mr. Bu-
chanan finally, under the influence of the men
I have named, hesitated, and decided that he
would not withdraw them. After it had be-
come impossible to collect the customs in j
Charleston at the custom-house it was decided
by Mr. Buchanan, under the same influences,
but most reluctantly, that he would collect the
customs on board a revenue-cutter in Charles-
ton, harbor; and then it was that Mr. Thomas
came forward with his letter of resignation.
He could no longer honorably stay in Mr.
Buchanan's Cabinet after such a flagrant out-
rage on the rights of South Carolina in refiis-
ing to evacuate the last place we held in that
State and in proposing to collect the customs
on the deck of a revenue-cutter. He says:
" It has n t been in my power, as you are aware,
to agree with you and with a majority of your constir
tuuon.il advisers in the measure* which have been
adopted in reference to the present condition of things
in South Carolina; nor do I think it at nil probable
that I shall be able to concur in the views which you
entertain, so far as 1 understand them, touching the
authority, under existing laws, to enforce the collec-
tion of the customs at the port of Charleston."
The "condition of things in South Carolina"
that he could no longer consent to was that we
still continued to hold Fort Sumter, to which
Major Anderson had gone from Fort Moultrie ;
we had not chosen to evacuate it and to haul
down our flag in obedience to the demand of
the Legislature of South Carolina, and it had
J>een determined in Cabinet, as we could not
collect the customs at the custom-house, to
collect them on the deck of a revenue-cutter ;
and in view of these circumstances he says :
"TJndcr Such circumstances, after mature consid-
eration, I have concluded that I cannot longer con-
tinue in your Cabinet without embarrassment to you
and an exposure of myself to the just criticism of
those who are acquainted with my opinions upon the
subjeet."
Certainly he would compromise himself with
tie men who were acquainted with his opinions
on that subject.' Who were they? The mem-
bers of that Cabinet with whom- he,had con-
spired. We all know now as matter of history
that the rebellion, if not absolutely born in
Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet, was nursed there for
at least three years. Mr. Thomas's opinions
were well known, and he tells Mr. Buchanan:
I eannot compromise myself with the men
who know my opinions by longer remaining in
your Cabinet -after yon have so flagrantly out-
raged the tights of South Carolina as to refuse
to evacuate Fort Sumter and to propose to
collect the customs on the deck of a revenue-
cutter in the harbor of Charleston!
" I therefore deem it proper to tender my resigna-
tion of the commission I now hold as Secretary of the
Treasury, to take effect when my successor shall be
appointed and qualified."
Now, Mr. President, connect this letter with
the history of the times to which it refers ;
connect ijt with Mr. Thomas's subsequent
course; connect it with the evidence of his own
son in this case; connect it with his speech
that he made at Annapolis only last spring, and
then say, if you can, that Mr. Thomas is or
was a loyal man. Mr. Thomas was charged at
the time he was in the Cabinet, or shortly after,
■with being a party to an arrangement to dis-
honor the credit of the United States by suffer-
ing our stocks to go to protest on the 1st of
January, 1861, for the non-payment of interest.
The charge was then made and was believed
by a large part of our people. Mr. Thomas
has taken a large body of testimony here to
disprove that charge, and it may be that he has
done so. I will give no opinion upon that
point; but 1 will say that he was a member of
a Cabinet which, by most of its members, had
contrived and conspired to make the rebellion
a success by previously laying the foundation
of it. We know what Floyd did as Secretary
of War—that he had scattered our little Army
where it could be picked up when the rebellion
came, and eould be of no service to the Gov-
ernment We know that, our Navy had been
scattered to the four quarters of the earth.
We know that, the arms had been sent South
that they might be seized when the rebellion
came, and that operations had been earned on
in that Cabinet not only for months, but for
years, with a view to the coining of the rebel-
lion and to the making of it a success.
Mr. Thomas was called into that Cabinet, I
have no doubt, by the consent of the leading
members of it at the time. Mr. Buchanan had.
changed a portion of his Cabinet, or some por-
tion of it resigned, and he got other advisers,
and he finally paused in the treasonable and
deadly course that he was pursuing; but Mr.
Thomas was true to his friends, and said he
dared not compromise himself, and he went
out of the Cabinet for the reasons which are
given here. Now, sir, I should like to hear
the distinguished Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Johxsox] explain this letter. I should like
to hear him reconcile this letter and the testi-
mony with the loyalty of Mr. Thomas.
I conclude by reiterating the opinion that,
taking all the evidence together, I believe he
was one of the original conspirators in this
rebellion, and if Maryland had not been held
in the Union by force of arms he would have
been as actively engaged in it as Mason, Slidell,
Breckinridge, or any of the rest of them.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I have
read the evidence reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary in this case, and I am not
able to persuade myself that upon that evi-
dence the Senate ought to exclude Mr. Thomas
from a seat in this body.
When a citizen of the United States is chosen-
for Senator in Congress two jurisdictions are
involved, distinct from each other. One is
the jurisdiction of the Legislative Assembly
of the State, and the other is the jurisdiction
of the Senate conferred upon it by the Con-
stitution of the United States. When the
question arises before a Legislative Assembly
as to whether or not a certain man shall be
elected a .Senator there are certain questions
which are passed upon by that body, the decis-
ion of which, in my; opinion, is conclusive upon
all other tribunals in the nation. When a man
presents himself as a candidate for Senator
Before tl e, Legislative Assembly of a State,
objection may be made to him that he is hat
sufficiently intelligent to represent that State
in Congress j* that objection is considered by
the Legislative Assembly, and they decide as
to whether or not the person haa sufficient
capacity to represent that State in the Senate;
and if the Legislature decides that he is a man
of sufficient intelligence, is that a judgment
which can be received and reversed by, the
Senate of the United States?
Suppose objection is made to a candidate
before the Legislative Assembly that he is
not a man of integrity, that he is a dishonest
man, and therefore ought not to be elected.
That questjon is considered by the Legislative
Assembly. All that may be said in favor of
the candidate is heard; all that may be said
against him upon that ground is heard; and the
Legislature decide that question, and they hold
that he is an honest man entitled to their con-
fidence and support. Can that decision of the
Legislative Assembly of the State be reviewed
and reversed by the Senate of the United
States?
Suppose objection is made to a candidate
before the Legislative Assembly that he is not
patriotic enough to be a Senator in Congress;
objections are made to him upon that ground,
founded upon his antecedent history; and those
objections are considered by the Legislature,
and they pass upon all the arguments which
are made upon that question, for and against
the candidate; what is the effect of the decision
which is made by the Legislative Assembly of
the State upon that question?
When a man is duly elected by the Legisla-
ture of a State, possessing the qualifications
prescribed by the Constitution of the United
States, and he comes here with his credentials,
can the Senate of the United States say that
the State shall not have the representation
which the Constitution gives to it because the
man is not sufficiently intelligent, because he
is not a man of personal integrity, or because
he is not a man who loves his Government
and his country as much as, in the judgment
of the Senate, he ought to love that Govern-
ment and that country?
These are questions that must be decided
by the Legislature of the State, or they most
be decided by the Senate of the United States;
or it may be that the Senate of the United
States has appellate power and may review
and reverse these decisions when made by a
State Legislature; but according to my view
of the subject, these are questions that are left,
as a general rule, to the decision of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the State. There may pos-
sibly be exceptions to this rule, but as a gen-
eral proposition it must be admitted that the
exercise of power by the Senate of the United
States to exclude a man from a seat in this
body who has been duly elected by the Legis-
lative Assembly of a State is the exercise of a
doubtful and dangerous power. It is doubtful
because it is found with great difficulty, if it
can be found at all, in the Constitution of the
United States. It is dangerous becauseit may
enable the dominantpolitical party in this body
to exclude from a seat here any man who is
elected who happens to belong to the political
minority.
It is an undeniable fact of which we must
take notice that in this country at this time
one political party is charging the other with
disloyalty. Republicans charge Democrats
with disloyalty to the Government, and Dem-
ocrats charge Republicans with disloyalty to
the Government. If this power can be exer-
cised without any limitation on the Senate of
the United States then the dominant party, if
they be Republicans, may exclude all Demo-
crats from the body, because in their judgment
they are not sufficiently patriotic or sufficiently
loyal; and if the Democrats should obtain the
ascendency they may exclude all Republicans
from any participation in the deliberations of
this body on the ground that they are not suffi-
ciently patriotic or loyal to the Government.
* The Constitution of the United States pre-
scribes the qualifications of a Senator: that
he shall be of a certain age, that he shall have
been ii citizen of the United States a certain
number of years, thai he shall be an inhabit-
ant afthe State from which he is elected ; and
there is no sort of doubt that the Senate of the
United States has a perfect right to determine
whether or not the Senator-elect possesses
these qualifications ; but it seems to mevery
doubtful whether the Senate in considering a
case of this kind can go beyond these qualifi-
cations and review those identical questions
which have been passed upon and determined
by the Legislative Assembly of the State. If
the Senate can exercise this power where is
the limitation upon it ?
It may be argued that to adopt this view of
the subject would be to enable persons who
