isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the tax on the additional freight, Or will it be
assessed at the place where the lumber-is manu-
factured?
Mr. SCHENCK. We have endeavored to
mdke this perfectly equal. It is a tax on the
sales made of his own production by the manu-
facturer, provided the sales in any year amount
to tnore than $5,000. He himself chooses
where that tax shall be assessed. Wherever
he chooses to sell, wherever he puts his wares
on the market, there he pays the tax.
Mr. FLANDERS. There are something
like one hundred million feet of lumber manu-
factured at Puget sound which is sold at San
Francisco. The owners of the mills have their
offices in San Francisco, and ship the lumber
in their own vessels, and it costs them on the
average about eight dollars per thousand feet
for freight. Now, it will be observed that on
the lumber thus shipped they will not only pay
a tax on the manufacture, but a tax on the
freight that they pay. I think, therefore, that
to make it perfectly clear and fair my amend-
ment ought to prevail.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not know that this
needs further explanation; it must be obvious.
I admit that if a man makes lumber far up on
the Pacific coast, on the edge of our great
country, and sells it there, he will get a less
price and will pay a less tax. But if he chooses
to carry the lumber to another market and sell
it there, be will get a higher price, and of
course will pay a higher tax. It is true that a
part of that higher price is made up of the cost
of transportation. So it is in regard to the
price of anything. The manufacturer chooses
his market, and in choosing his market he adds
to the cost of his article somewhat, but he does
it in the hope of getting in greater proportion
a price for it. A manufacturer chooses his own
market-
Mr. FLANDERS. I do not think the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
should press this additional tax. _ There is no
consistency or propriety in charging the manu-
facturer, in addition to the cost of his lumber
at the point where he manufactures it, a tax
on the freight he pays to get it to the place
where he sells it. ^
The question was taken on Mr. Flaxders s
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I am under the impression
that the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Ferky] wasloston account
of lumber being in it. I am going to test the
sense of the committee, without debate, on
taxing breadstuffs. I do not want the United
States to be the only country in the world that
taxes bread. I move, therefore, to add to the
amendment the following proviso:
Provided, That breadstuffs shall not be taxed as
manufactures.
The question was taken; and the amend-
ment was disagreed to—ayes thirty-three, uoes_
not counted.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the words "within
the United States." 1 ask the attention _o the
committee to this amendment. It will be
recollected that the amendment offered by my
colleague on the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Schexuk] was amended by a
proviso exempting the manufacture of butter
and cheese forlhe benefit of the manufacturer
or for the market. I propose to add after the
word " market" the words " within the United
States." I do it for the reason that there is a
large manufacture of cheesc that is expressly
for the foreign market, and which, or course,
ought not to be exempt from taxation. ^
Mr. SCHEXCK. There is no objection to
thThe amendment to the amendment offered
by Mr. Maynard was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment
reported by Mr. Sohexce from the Committee
of Ways and Means, as amended: and bem,,
put, the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sit RS And be it further enacted, That in all eases
where Sorethw* one of the pursuits, employments,
or occupations hereinafter described, shall be en-
gaged in or prosecuted by the same person at the
same time, except as hereinafter provided, the tax
shall bepaidin each according to the rates severally
prescribed; and that any number of persons doing
business in copartnership at any one place shall be
required to pay but one special tax for such copart-
nership, except lawyers, conveyancers, claim and
patent agents, physicians, surgeons, dentists, cattle-
brokers, dealers in horses, peddlers, foreign commer-
cial biokers, custom-house brokers, pawnbrokers,
patent-right dealers, de.tlcis in lottery tickets, and
cigar-makers, who shall each be separately taxed;
and that any auctioneer may sell by auction any
goods or commodities for or on behalt of any person
who ha3 paid the special tax as a wholesale or retail
dealer on the premises of such person: and any auc-
tioneer who shall sell goods or commodities other-
wise than by auction shall pay a special tax as a
retail or wholesale dealer, as the case may be.
Mr„ CAKE. I move to amend thafc section
by inserting after the word " prescribed," in
line six, the words, il provided thafc where the
roasting of coffee is combined with the manu-
facture of bread no additional tax shall be
paid.'* I have no remarks to make. I sub-
mit the amendment for a vote ot the com-
mittee.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There is
no tax assessed anywhere here on the roasting
of coffee that I am aware of. Ihope the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
Mr. CAKE. I do not believe myself that a
tax is assessed on roasting coffee, but in order
to make it plain I offer the amendment, which
can do no harm.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was disagreed to.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I move to amend this
section bjT striking out the words "and cigar-
makers," and inserting the word " and" be-
fore the words " dealers in lottery tickets.''
Mr. SCHENCK. That is in accordance
with the action of the Committee of the Whole
last night. I have no objection to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
No farther amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows :
Sec. 89. And he it further enacted, That the receipt
forthe paymentof any special tax shall specify the
trade, business, or profession lor which such tax is
paid, the nainc  residence, and place of busmessot
the person paying the same, and the time for which
payment is made; except that no statement ot a
special place of business shall be required or or in-
cluded in thereceiptgiven to any auctioneer, peddler,
patent-right dealer, commercial, produce, cattle or
insurancebroker,insurance agent, horse dealer, pho-
tographer, juggler, or proprietor or manager ot a
show or amusement, who proposes to pur&uehis busi-
ness from place to place. Tue payment of the spe-
cial tax herein imposed shall not exempt trorn an
additional special tax any person who shall have, or
provide himself with an office, wareroom, or other
establishment for doing busmcss in any other place
than that stated in his receipt. But nothing herein
containedshallrequireaspectal tax forstonnggooas,
wares, or merchandise elsewherethan at the placeoi
business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend this sec-
tion in the first sentence by striking out the
words "cattle or insurance broker," and
inserting in lieu thereof the words ''or cattle
broker."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 90. And be it further enacted. That every per-
son engaged in or prosecuting any trade, business, or
profession, or doing any act tor which a special tax
is imposed, shall, on demand of any officer of 'n'®r,
nnl revenue, exhibit the receipt for payment of such
tax and unless he shall do so may be deemed not to
have paid the sauie. And m case any person not
required to have a special placeofbusiness,J
pursues his business from place to place, shall fail
or refuse to exhibit the proper receipt when so de-
manded, said officer may seize any P™Per,5 ™ '!j®
possession of snch person, and which i  in any way
Ssed in his business, and report such seizure to the
assessor of the district in which such seizure is made,
and the said assessor shall give, ten days }?£
publication in any newspaper m the district, °i"by
personal service, or by copy left at the residence of
the person so offending, requiring htin to show cause
whv such property so seized shall not bei forfeited,
and in case no sufficient cause be shown tho assessor
shall declare such property torteited, and shall is&uo
an order to the collector of the district tor the sale
thereof and the proceeds of such sale, after deduct-
ing and paying therefrom the expenses of the pro-
ce?dh -s shall be paid to the collector of the district
for the use of the United States.
No amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec, 91. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall engage in or prosecute any trade, busi-
ness, or profession, or do any act hereinafter men-
tioned,-for which a special tax is imposed by law,
without the payment of said tax, as in that behalf
required, shall,, for every such offense, beside being
liable for the payment of the tax, be subject to a
penalty ot not less than fifty dollars nor more than
$1,000. And if such person so offending shall bo a
manufacturer of tobacco, snuff, or cigars, dist'ller,
rectifier, wholesale liquor dealer, compounder of
liquors, manufacturer of stills, or brewer, he shall
also, on conviction thereof, be fined not less than
$500 nor more than $5,000, and be imprisoned not
less than three months nor more than two years.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the first
sentence of this section by striking out the
word "hereinafter mentioned."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to amend
this section by striking out of the second sen-
tence the words "snuff or cigars, distiller, rec-
tifier, wholesale liquor dealer, componnderof
liquors, manufacturer of stills, or" and insert-
ing in lieu thereof tho words "or cigars, or
a;" so that that sentence will read :
And if such person so offending shall be a manu-
facturer of tobneco or cigars, or a brewer, he shall
also, on conviction thereof, be fined not less than
$500 nor more than $5,000, and be imprisoned not
less than three months nor more than two years.
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 92. And be it further enacted, Tbat upon the
death of any person during the year for which he
has paid the special tax on his trade, business, or
profession, it shall be lawful for the executors or
administrators, or tho legal representatives ot such
deceased person, to engage in or prosecute in like
manner, for the residue of the term for which tbtf
tax shall have been paid, such trade, business, or
profession without payment of any additional tax.
And any person may remove to any other place to
carry on the trade, business, or profession specified m
the tax receipt without payment ot any additional
tax; and any change in the persons constituting anrm
or company whicb has paid said special tax shall
not be considered as rendering said firm or company
liablefor tho additional tax: J'rovuled, Ihatall cases
of death, removal, or change as aforesaid, shall be
reported to the assistant assessor and registered with
the assessor and collector of the district, under reg-
ulations to be prescribed by the Commissioner ol
Internal Revenue.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend this section
by inserting just before the proviso the follow-
ing:
But any transfer in any bssiness upon which the
special tux has been paid shall not subject the party
to whom the trausfer is made to tho payment ot an
additional tax.
That is what I spoke of the other day as
necessary.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the gentleman
will give some reason for his amendment. I
do not think it is necessary.
Mr. PRICE. The reason for it is this: if
a firm doing business, under the section as it
now stands, shall change_ the firm, then no
additional tax shall be paid. But il that firm
sells out the business to another firm, then this
section does not prevent another tax being
required. Now, I propose that the party to
whom the business is transferred shall not pay
the special tax, which has already been paid
for the year.
Mr. SCHENCK. In reply to the gentleman
I will assign the reason why I think the amend-
ment of the gentleman is not founded upon a
correct principle. This is not a tax upon
tilings, as a tax upon land or other property;
but it is a tax upon persons who are employing
capital in a particular way. It you tax a man
for any pursuit in which he is engaged, and
give him leave to sell out his business with the
privilege of the paid tax, you may have a dozen
changes in the course^ of a year; and the
assessor and collector will find difficulty in fol-
lowing: around and ascertaining whom he is to
deal with. And in this way a number ot per-
sons will go through these old clothes, trans-
mitted from one to another.
The only exception that we have thought it
prudent to make is where by death or some
unavoidable casualty there shall be * .^solu-
tion of the firm, and the business is still con-
tinued by a regular legitimate successor, made
such by the law, or m the family; then the tax;
