1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4089
sation lor his services such salary as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue may deem just and rea-
sonable, not exceeding &o,00(J per annum."
That the House leeede iiom thoir disagreement to
the one hundred and filth and ono hundred and sixth
amendments ot the ben.tte and agree to the same
with the following amendments: strike out f.om
and including lino four of said one hundred and fifth
amendment down to and including line liHeen of the
bill, (section fiity,) and insert m heu thereof the fol-
lowing; '* employ competent detectives, not exceed-
ing twenty-ftve in number at any one time, to be
paid under the provisions of the seventh section of
the act to amend existing laws relating to internal
Fuji511110 *or other purposes,J approved March 2,
lp'oi: and he may, at his discretion, assign any such
detective to duty under the direction ot any super-
visor ot internal revenue, or to such ocherspecialduty
as he may deem necessary; and that from <md after the
passage of this act no general or special agent or
inspector, by whatever name or designation he may
be known, of thoTtcasury Department in connection
with the internal revenue, except inspectors of to-
bacco, snuff, and cigars, and except as provided for
m this act, shall be appointed, commissioned, em-
ployed, or continued m othee, and the term."
That the House recede irom their disagreement to
the one hundred and seventh amendment ol the Sen-
ate and agree to the same with an amendment, as
follows: insert in lieu of the words stricken out the
following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the parage ot this act no assessor or collector
shall be detailed orauthoiized to discharge any duty
imposed by law on any other collector or a-ssessor,
but a supervisor of internal revenue may within his
tenitorial district suspend any collector or assessor
for fraud or gross neglect of duty, or abuse of power,
and shall immediately report his action to the Com-
missioner of Internal lievenue, with his reasons
therefor m writing, who shall thereupon take such
further action as he may deem proper.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and eleventh amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same, with the following
amendment: before the word "distillery" insert
" bonded or."
Tnat the House rccede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and seventeenth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same, with the following
amendments: strike out on lino seven, page 09, ail
after the word "spirits," down to and including the
word "required." in line ten. and insert in lieu
thereof the words : " whichshall be due and payable
only after the proper entries and bonds have been
executed and filed and all otiier conditions complied
with as hereinafter required, and thirty days alter
the vessel has actually cleared mid sailed on her voy-
age with such spirits on board."
In lines fifteen and sixteen, strike out the words
"and ruui on waich no internal tax shall have been
paid," and insert in lieu thereof the words, "or
rum.1'
Page 72, line fifty-four, strike out the word " in-
ternal. "
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and eighteenth and one hundred
and nineteenth amendments and agree to the same
with amendments, each, as l^lows: strike out
" twelve'' and insert "nine."
That the House recede Irom their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-iirst amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same, with the following
amendments: m line ninety-one, page 80, stuke out
the word "any;" in line ninety-two, page 80, strike
out the the woid "two" and insert "ten;" inline
ninety-three, page fcu, after the word "dollars,"
insert the words "of sales of such spirits, wines, or
hquois." In line ninety-lour, page8(3, after the word
"dollars," insert, "and on other sales shall pay as
wholesale dealers, and such excess shall be assessed
and paid in the same manner as required ot whole-
sale dealers."
in line ninety-five strike out all after the word
"liquors" down to and including the word "made,"
in line ninety-seven, and insert the words "whose
annual sales shall exceed $25,000."
Tiiatthe House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred ami thirty-second amendment of
the Senate and agree to the same, withthcfollowing
amendment: strike out the word proposed to be in-
scrtod and insert alter the words "retail dealer," in
line one hundred and forty-two, page 82, th<j words
"liquor dealer."
Tnat the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and thirty-third amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same, with an amendment,
as follows: after trie word "four," in line six,page
8t3, insert the word "six."
That the House recede from their disagieemojit to
the one hundred and iorty-seeond amendment, of the
Senate and agree to the same, with an amendment,
as follows: insert in lieu ol the words proposed to
be stricken out the wouls "«the manufacturer's name
and place of manufacture, or the proprietor's name
and his trade-mark, and." >
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundi cd and forty-ninth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same, with an amendment,
as follows: insert in lieu ot the words proposed to be
stricken out the words "the pioprietor's or manu-
facturer's name," and in lino seven, page 'Jd. ^strike
out the word "his" and insert the word 'the.
That the House recede irom their disagtcement to
the one hundred and fiity-seeond amendment of the j
Senate and agree to the same, with the following i
amendment: stiike ont the words provided that
any" and insert "any." !
That the House reecde from their disaqicement to ■
the one hundred and lifty-ei^hta amendment ot the ,
Senate and nuree to the same, with an ameuduient, .
as follows: attheend of said amendment add "when
weighing exceeding three pounds pel- thousand, five
dollars per thousand;" and in line six, page 10t>,
section eighty, strike out the words "and cheroots."
That the liouse lecede l'roui their disagreement to
the one hundred and seventieth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows: add to the said Senate amendment the
following: "But in no case shall such renewal or
change extend to an abandonment of the general
character of the stamps provided for in this act nor
to tho dispensing with any provisions requiring that
sueh stamps shall be kept m book form and have
thereon the signatures ol' revenue officers."
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the onehundred and scventy-second amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with the following
amendment: add to said Senate amendment the
words " or officer acting as such, with his reasons
therefor,"
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and eightieth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with amendments, as
follows: in line two of said amendment strike out
the word "revenue;" in line three strike out the
words "for denoting the tax thereby imposed;" in
line fourteen stiike out the word "revenue;" in
lines fourteen n.nd fifteen strike out the words "for
denoting tho tax thereby imposed."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ono hundred and cighty-sceond amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: "But distillers and refiners of
mineral^ oils shall be considered as manufacturer
and subject to tho tax 011 sales provided for in tho
fourth section of the 'act to exempt certain manu-
factures form internal tax, and for other purposes,'
approved March 31, 1868."
ROBERT 0. SCHENCK,
S. HOOPER,
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the llovjie.
JOHN SHERMAN.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
C. E. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. DELANO. I hope the gentleman will
explain the action of the committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have every disposition
to give whatever explanation gentlemen may
ask in regard to this report. I propose to call
for the previous question on the adoption of
the report; but I am ready to answer any ques-
tion gentlemen may ask in regard to particular
amendments.
Mr. PETERS. How about the tax on
banks?
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee agree to
strike out all that part of the bill in conformity
with the amendment of the Senate, being en-
tirely satisfied no bill could pass the Senate at
this session which contained a provision in
regard to banks, such as the House agreed to.
Mr. KOONTZ. What action was had in
reference to the payment of storekeepers ?
Mr. SCHENCK. They are to be paid by
the United States.
Mr. UPSON. What about special agents ?
Mr. SCHENCK. That stands in this con-
dition : the Senate amended the provision in
regard to supervisors of revenue limiting the
number to twenty. It has been agreed to
extend ihe number lo twenty-five, their terri-
torial districts to be made up by composing
those districts of judicial districts.
The next section, which provided for repeal-
ing any law authorizing tiic appointment of
general agents and special agents, stands with
this addition. We also repeal the appointment
of inspectors with the exception of inspectors
of tobacco, snuff, and cigars; and instead of
any of these officers we authorize the appoint-
ment of not exceeding twenty-five detectives at
any one time, tho number now being unlimited,
who shall be assigned to duty in the different
divisions of supervisors. The whole appoint-
ment of those officers, who have roving com-
missions to enter districts and interfere with
local officers, has been swept away.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Has the whole tax been
removed from petroleum ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The distillers and refiners
of petroleum or mineral oil arc to pav the same
price as other manufacturers. The House con-
ferees agreed to the Senate amendment with
ail amendment to make it clear they should
pay ihe tax other manufacturers did, which
was not before clear in ihe Senate amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. No tax per gallon V j
Mr SCHENCK. No lax except on sales. !
Mr. GARFIELD. What lias been done in
regard to the removal of spirits in bond and in
regard to bonded warehouses generally ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The system adopted by
the House remains. There is to be bo removal
in bond and only drawback allowed to the
amount of sixty cents per gallon. There are
some few verbal amendments to make the mat-.
ter clear and precise, but there is no change in
principle.
Mr. GARFIELD. In the same connection
I desire the gentleman to state what time is
allowed for the removal of spirits now in bond ?
Mr. SCHENCK. On that question there
was a compromise between the committees on
the part of the two Houses. The House having
required the removal in six months from the
present bonded warehouses by the payment of
tax thereon, of all spirits that might be now
deposited there and the Senate having extended
the time to twelve months, a compromise was
made by fixing nine months as the time within
which the spirits must be removed under
penalty of forfeiture.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask what will be the
loss to the revenue by the striking off of the
tax on petroleum ?
Mr. SCHENCK. The original tax on petro-
leum having amounted to some four or five
million dollars when itwasfixedat twenty cents,
and having been reduced to ten cents, I should
think the reduction would amount to more than
two million dollars. That amount would be
lost except for the fact that' we get rid of all
the machinery which was kept up for this single
article similar to that which prevails in relation
to distilled spirits. This was the only remain-
ing article upon which such a tax was collected
m that way.
I will say in this connection that so far as a
part of this machinery is concerned—the in-
spectors of oil—the payment of the inspectors'
fees was made not by the Government, but by
dealers in oil; but we get rid of a very great
abuse so far as that is concerned. The com-
mittee found that in the allowance of a certain
amount per gallon to these inspectors, as their
fees for gauging and inspecting oil, they were
in many parts of the country, especially in
New York and Brooklyn, receiving many thou-
sands of dollars per annum. In one instance
they were equivalent from month to month to
$56,000 a year,
Mr. KOONTZ. I would inquire if the con-
ference committee have fixed the same amount
of special tax to be paid by distillers as was
fixed by the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. That remains as before.
It is due to the House I should say that the
Senate having reduced the tax upon the sales
of wholesale dealers in liquor to one fifth of
one per cent., putting them on the same foot-
ing as other dealers, whereas the House had
made it three per ccnt., we succeeded in get-
ting a compromise by which wholesale dealers
in liquor are to pay on their sales one per ceat.,
which is five times as much as the Senate had
agreed to.
Mr. GETZ. I wish to inquire whether the
phraseology of the section defining what shall
constitute a distiller has been relieved of the
ambiguity which it was alleged to contain,
under which brewers were fearful they might
be classed as distillers.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; there is a phrase
introduced to prevent, its application to pro-
ducers of feuuented liquors.
Mr. O'NEILL, i will ask the gentleman
again, do I understand that these twenty-five
inspectors or detectives are in the place of all
the present inspectors and detectives?
Mr. SCHENCK. No; the gentleman does
not quite understand it. At present the Com-
missioner of internal Revenue is permitted to
employ, upon such terms as he pleases, and pay
out of any appropriation made for that purpose,
an unlimited number ol detectives. I am
speaking of the present law. There are four
classes ot inspectors by the existing law : first,
general inspee:ors, of whom thorearo some two
hundred and fiky-five, I think, altogether;
second. insns'.etoro ot dUtiU&d spirits; third,
