5*42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 23*
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
And one half of the fine so imposed shall be
lor the use of the United States, and the other
half for the use of the informer, who shall be
ascertained by the judgment of the court; and
the said court shall also render judgment against
the said officer or agent for the amount of dam-
ages sustained iu favor of the party injured, to
be collected by execution.
Sec. 99. And be it further enacted. That any
person who shall simulate or falsely or fraudu-
lently execute or sign any bond, permit, entry,
or other document required by the provisions
of this act, or by any regulation made in pur-
suance thereof, or who shall procure the same
to be falsely or fraudulently executed ; or who
shall advise, aid in, or connive at the execu-
tion thereof, shall, on conviction, be imprisoned
for a term not less than one year nor more than
five years; and the property to which such
false or fraudulent instrument relates shall be
forfeited.
Sec. 100. And be it further enacted, That
every collector having charge of any warehouse
in which distilled spirits, tobacco, or other arti-
cles are stored in bond, shall render a monthly
accountof allsucharticlestothe Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, which account shall be
examined and adjusted, monthly, by him, so
as to exhibit a true statement of the liability
arid responsibility of every such collector on
such account. In adjusting such account the
collector shall be charged with all the articles
which may have been deposited or received
under the provisions of law in any warehouse
in his district and under his control, and shall
be credited with all such articles shown to have
been removed therefrom according to law, in-
cluding transfers to other collectors and to his
successor in office, and also whatever allow-
ances may have been made in accordance with
law to any owner of such goods or articles for
leakage or other losses.
Sec. 101. And be it further enacted, That
the Secretary of the Treasury, and Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue are authorized and
empowered to alter, renew, or change the form,
style, and device of any stamp, mark, or label
used under any provision of the laws relating
to distilled spirits, tobacco, snuff, and cigars,
when in their judgment necessary for the col-
lection of revenue tax, or the prevention or
detection of frauds thereon ; and to make and
publish such regulations for tlie use of such
mark, stamp, or label as they may lind requisite.
But in no case shall such renewal or change
extend to an abandonment of the general char-
acter of the stamps provided for in this act,
nor to the dispensing with any provisions re-
quiring that such stamps shall be kept in book
form and have thereon the signatures of revenue
officers.
Sec. 102. And be it further enacted, Thatin
all cases arising under the internal revenue
laws where, instead of commencing or pro-
ceeding with a suit in court, it may appear to
the Commissioner of Internal Be venue to be
for the interest of the United States to com-
promise the same, he is empowered and author-
ized to make such compromise with the advice
and consent of the Secretary of the Treasury;
and in every ease where a compromise is made
there shall be placed on file in the office of the
Commissioner the opinion of the solicitor of
internal revenue, or officer acting as such,
with his reasons therefor, together with a state-
ment of the amountof tax assessed, the amount
of additional tax or penalty imposed by law
in consequence of the neglect or delinquency
of the person against whom the tax is assessed,
and the amount actually paid in accordance
v. ith the terms of the compromise; but no
such compromise shall be made of any case
after a suit or proceeding in court has been
commenced without the recommendation also
of the Attorney General: Provided, That it
shall be lawful for the court at any stage of
such suit or criminal proceedings to continue
tho same for good cause shown on motion of
the district attorney.
Sec. 103. And be it further enacted, That
when any tax is imposed, and the mode or
time of assessment or collection is Tiot pro-
vided for, the same shall be established by
regulation of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and the Commissioner is authorized
to make all such regulations, not otherwise
provided for, as may become necessary by
reason of any change of law in relation to
internal revenue made by this act.
Sec. 104. And be it further enacted, That
where not otherwise distinctly expressed or
manifestly incompatible with the intent thereof,
the word "person," as used in this act, shall
be construed to mean and include a firm, part-
nership, association, company, or corporation,
as well as a natural person ; and words of the
masculine gender, as applied to persons, to
mean and include the feminine gender; and
the singular number to mean and include the
plural number; and the word "State" to
mean and include a Territory and District of
Columbia; and the word "county" to mean
and include parish, district, or other equiva-
lent territorial subdivision of a State.
Sec. 105. And be it further enacted, That
all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the
provisions of this act are hereby repealed: Pro-
vided, That all the provisions of said acts shall
be in force for levying and collecting all taxes
properly assessed or liable to be assessed, or
accruing under the provisions of former acts,
the right to which has already accrued or which
may hereafter accrue under said acts, and for
maintaining, continuing, and enforcing liens,
fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred under
and by virtue thereof. And thisact shall notbe
construed to affect any act done, right accrued,
orpenalty incurred under former acts, butevery
suchrightis hereby saved; and all suits and pros-
ecutions for acts already done in violation of any
former act or acts of Congress, relating to the
subjects embraced in this act, may be com-
menced or proceeded with in like manner as
if this act had not been passed : And provided
further, That no office created by the said acts
and continued by this act shall be vacated by
reason of any provisions herein contained, but
the officers heretofore appointed shall continue
to hold the said offices without reappointment
until their successors, or other officers to per-
form their duties, respectively, shall be ap-
pointed as provided in thisact: And provided
further, That whenever the duty imposed by
any existing law shall cease in consequence
of any limitation therein contained before the
respective provisions of this act shall take
effect, the same duty or tax shall be, and is
hereby, continued until such provisions of this
act shall take effect; and where any act is
hereby repealed, no duty or tax imposed thereby
shall be held to cease in consequence of such
repeal, until tho respective correspeetive cor-
responding provisions of this act shall take
effect.
Sec. 106. And be it further enacted, That in
any case where there has been a refusal or
neglect to pay any tax imposed by the internal
revenue laws, and where it is lawful and has
become necessary to seize and sell real estate
to satisfy the tax, the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue may, if he deems it expedient, direct
that a bill in chancery be filed, in a district or
circuit court of the United States, to enforce
the lien of the United States for tax upon any
real estate, or to subject any real estate owned
by the delinquent, or in which he lias any right,
title, or interest, to the payment of such tax.
And all persons having liens upon the real
estate sought to be subjected to the payment of
any tax as aforesaid, or claiming any owner-
ship or interest therein, shall be made parlies
to such proceedings, and shall be brought into
court as provided in other suits in chantvry in
said courts. And the said courts shall have,
and are hereby given, jurisdiction in all such
cases, and shall at the term next after saclx
time as the parties shall be duly notified of the
proceedings, unless otherwise ordered by the
court, proceed to adjudicateall matters involved
therein, and to pass upon and finally determine
the merits of all claims to and liens upon the*
real estate in question, and shall, in all cases
where a claim or interest of the United States
therein shall be established, decree a sale, by
the proper officer of the court, of such real
estate, and a distribution of the proceeds of
such sale according to the findings of the court
in respect to the interests of the parties and of
the United States.
Sec. 107. And be it further enacted, That
the internal revenue laws imposing taxes on
distilled spirits, fermented liquors, tobacco,
snuff, and cigars, shall be held and construed
to extend to such articles produced anywhere
within the exterior boundaries of the United
States, whether the same shall be within a
collection district or not.
Sec. 108. And be it further enacted, That
all provisions of this act which require the use
of stamps shall take effect at the end of sixty
days from the passage of thisact: Provided,
That if at any time prior to the expiration of
the said sixty days it shall be shown to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury
that a longer delay is necessary for the prepa-
ration and due delivery of any of such stamps,
he shall be authorized to fix a day not later
than the first day of December next for putting
said provisions, relative to the use of either of
such stamps, into operation, and shall give
public notice of the day so fixed and determined
upon, which day shall then be held and taken
to be the time when that portion of this act
which requires the use of stamps shall have
effect.
Sec. 100. And be it further enacted, That so
much of all acts and parts of acts as impose
any internal revenue tax on illuminating or
other mineral oil, and on the product of the
distillation, redistillation, or refining of crude
petroleum, or of crude oil produced by a single
distillation of coal, shale, peat, asphaltum, or
other bituminous substances, together with all
provisions relating to returns, assessment,
warehousing, and bonding, and all other pro-
visions for determining the quantity of mineral
oil distilled, for the purposes of securing the
payment of the tax thereon, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed ; and no tax imposed by
existing laws on such oils or products in the
hands of the producer or manufacturer or his
agent or agents at the passage of this act, and
unsold, shall be collected; but distillers and
refiners of mineral oils shall be considered as
manufacturers and subject to the tax on sales
provided for in the fourth section of the act
"to exempt certain manufacturers from inter-
rial tax, and fur other purposes," approved
March thirty-first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight.
Approved, July 20, 1808.
Chap. CCXXVI.—An Act to construct a
Wagon-Road frotn West Point to Cornwall
Landing, ail in the County of Orange, State
of New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the superintendent
of the Military Academyat West Point be au-
thorized and directed to use the labor in the
employ of the United States Government at
that post, when not otherwise employed, in
building and constructing a wagon-road from
West Point to Cornwall Landing, in the county
of Orange, said road to be located under the
direction of the said superintendent, over land
now belonging or hereafter to be ceded to the
Government of the United States for that pur-
pose.
Approved, July'23, 1808.
