3066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June llj
may be considered as still attaching to the
business.
Mr. PRICE. I have no doubt the committee
intended to cover the whole ground, but they
have not done so ; thatds the only poiht'I wish
to make. The section as it now stands pro-
vides that any change in the persons consti-
tuting a firm or company which has paid a
special tax, shall not be considered as render-
ing the new firm liable for an additional tax.
For instance, John Smith and Tom Jones con-
stitute a firm which has paid the tax for a year.
Jones sells out to Brown, but under this pro-
vision no new tax is required. But if Smith
and Jones sell out to Roe and Doe, they will
have to pay a special tax. I propose to provide
that the effect shall be the same whether the
whole or only a part of the firm be changed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the gentleman is
mistaken in his proposition. I was -about to
add when he interrupted me, that this provis-
ion of the bill is a part of the present law.
Mr. WELKER. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Price,] by adding to it the following:
Provided, That the business is carried on at the
same place of business.
Mr. PRICE. I accept that as a modification
of my amendment.
Mr. PAINE. I should be glad to inquire
of the chairman of the committee whether this
bill in any of its provisions imposes a personal
tax upon a firm as such ? Is not the lax im-
posed on each of the members of the firm?
So far as I have observed, this personal tax
imposed upon individuals for carrying on dif-
ferent trades, occupations, or professions, is
imposed upon firms. I believe that in this
bill the word "person" is always used; and I
suppose as regards this class of taxes, if there
should be half a dozen members of a firm, this
tax would be imposed on each of the members.
There is, of course, a class of taxes imposed
upon firms as such, as, for instance, the tax
upon sales. Bat where "persons " are taxed
for carrying on a specific business, then of
course, if we follow the literal phraseology of
the bill, each member of the firm must pay that
tax. I suppose this is the case with the tax
provided for in this section. Hence I can see
no reason for or propriety in the amendment
of the-gentleman from Iowa. On the contrary,
it' seems to me that we should strike out the
whole of the following words :
And any change in the persons (constituting a firm
or company which has paid said special tax shall not
be considered as rendering said firm orcompany lia-
ble for the additional tax.
Mr. PRICE. I think, Mr. Chairman, I
understand what the English language means
when it is written as plainly as it is in this
section. If this section does not tax business
then it does notdo anything. The language is—
That upon the death of any person daring tho year
for which he has paid the special tax—■
On what? On his trade, business, or pro-
fession. If two men are selling boots and shoes
and one of those men sells out to another party,
then, under the section as it now stands, no
additional tax is to be paid ; but if both sell
out to another man or several others, the latter
must pay the tax. That is what I propose to
avoid. The matter is as plain as the nose on
a man's face.
Mr. ELA. I move to amend the amendment
so as to insert after the words " additional
tax" in line eleven, the following:
And when ceasing to do business for which he has
paid special tax, he may authorize his successor in
business or any other person to conduct the same
business during tho time for which he has paid such
tax by making assignment of his special tax receipt.
The CHAIRMAN. This amendment is not
in order. It is not properly an amendment to
the pending amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move pro forma to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. I desire to say that, as I understand
this tax, it is in the nature of a special tax
imposed upon persons or individuals engaged
in different branches of business. But in case
of a firm, the change of one member of the
firm is not to be regarded as such a change
of the firm as to require a new payment of
tax. When, however, the whole firm or_asso-
ciation sells out to another party the case is, dif-
ferent. I suppose we do not want to do what
the proposition of the gentleman from Netf
Hampshire [Mr. Ela] would accomplish—
make these special licences transferable with-
out restriction, so that a dealer in boots and
shoes may pass over his receipt, with all his
rights under it, to a man <in an entirely different
kind of business, or that a disreputable firm
may, without the payment of a tax, succeed
to the rights of a reputable firm. The design
is, as I understand, that the rights conferred
by the payment of the tax shall be in the nature
of a grant to individuals ; and when the whole
firm is changed in its individual capacity, then,
I take it, the special grant ought to cease. I
hope the amendment will not be made.
Mr. PRICE. I do not desire to continue
this debate, but I wish to attract the gentle-
man's attention for a single moment. This is
a personal tax, and is transferred from person
to person. Now, how does the gentleman
explain this? On the death of any person
during the year that he has paid a tax it may
be transferred to the executor. The dead man
can transfer the tax to his successor. This tax
upon persons, if it means anything at all means
a tax oil the business. It provides that if a
man dies his executor may carry 011 his busi-
ness without tax. I only provide, in accord-
ance with the spirit of the section, for exactly
the same thing when the entire firm changes
as when only a part of it dies.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw the pro forma
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I renew the amendment
for the purpose of making, as clearly as I can,
an explanation of what we intend by this sec-
tion and the reasons on which it is founded.
These are special taxes, in the strict sense of
the term. They are not intended to be general
taxes. They are special as to persons. They
are taxes upon particular persons employed in
the use of capital or of their wits in a particu-
lar way. If gentlemen will turn to page 356
and to section two hundred and eighty-eight
they will find something in this connection
which helps my explanation. We found in
this law, running all through it, "every per-
son, corporation, body politic, or association,"
and so on. In order to get rid of that we have
a general section, in which it is provided that
where not otherwise distinctly expressed or
manifestly incompatible with the intent thereof,
the word " person," as used in this act, shall
be construed to mean and include a firm, part-
nership, association, company, or corporation,
as well as a natural person. We have used
throughout the bill the word " person." _
The law as it now stands we have not inter-
fered with, that is, where parlies engaged in
one business enter partnerships, either in
trade or manufactures or a profession, they
shall be counted as one person, and pay a spe-
cial tax accordingly, with this exception, to be
found on page 125, which we have passed oyer
this morning, and, as it seems, without notice
on the part of any of these gentlemen, and that
is this:
And that any number of persons doing business in
copartnership at any one place shall be required to
pay but one special tax for such copartnership, ex-
cept lawyers, conveyancers, claim and patent agents,
physicians, surgeons, dentists, cattle brokers, deal-
ers in horses, peddlers, foreign commercial brokers,
custom-house brokers, pawnbrokers, patent-right
dealers, dealers in lottery tickets, and cigar-makers,
who shall each be separately taxed.
The reason for that is this: this is peculiarly
a personal business in every one of these cases.
The provision is for special tax upon persons
engaged in business. The law does not think
it good policy, nor do the committee think it
good policy in that respect, to permit half a
dozen lawyers to come together and pay one
tax for all, and then to scatter, and each sell
out his license to somebody else.
Mr. PRICE. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. If a lawyer dies and his executor
happens to be a farmer, who knows no more
about Jaw than I do about Greek, can he carry
on the business ? . - . . .
Mr. SCHENCK. We have provided in reft
erence t.o everything that will -cover the case
of the death of a party in business.. In the
event of the death of a party engaged in -busi-
ness the law steps in and saves the succession,-
Where a partnership has paid a special tax and
they change the business, but keep up the firm,
the special tax goes on. The question arises,
how far will we make exception? We agree by
law to make an exception in the case of death.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELA. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] by striking out the last word.
There is a manifest injustice in not allowing
this transfer of special tax to be made to
the successor in any business. Under the old
license law they were transferable. _ Now,
in some cases you provide that a special tax
shall amount to $5,000, and yet after a man
has paid this tax and has conducted his busi-
ness for one month if he finds it for his interest
to sell out and close up his business, he loses
the whole amount except such benefit as he
may have derived from it during the single
month that he had conducted the business.
That is a gross injustice. Then the amend-
ment, which the gentleman has accepted,
limits the business to the place where it is car-
ried on, which is manifestly unjust in a case
where the business is carried on in different
places, as in selling by samples. The same
objection applies to peddlers. The old system
of license provided for transfers of the special
taxes, the same privilege of assigning the
business ought to be allowed in this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. If tho gentleman from
New Hampshire will listen to a suggestion, I
think it will relieve him of the difficulty that
seems to press upon him. These persons pay
in proportion to their sales and no more. A
man may sell $1,000,000 worth of merchan-
dise in three months and he pays his tax to
that extent. He then sells out to B, who carries
on the business for three months longer. B
only pays for what he sells. Then B sells out
to C, who pays only for what he sells, and not
for what was sold by his predecessor.
Mr. ELA. That does not meet the case
where a man pays $5,000 for a license before
he commences business.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is a class of persons
in regard to whom the object is to prevent their
doing business in that particular way.
Mr. ELA. I withdraw the pro forma amend-
ment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move pro forma to
strike out the last line of the amendment of
the gentleman from Iowa. There are soma
very good reasons for a modification of this
section, as proposed by the gentleman from
New Hampshire and by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Price.] I think the gentleman is
correct in his assumption in regard to the in-
tention of the committee as manifested in this
section. It is a tax on the business and not on
the person. I want to call the attention of the
chairman of the committee and of the House to
this state of facts: They require a special tax 011
the business of a hotel-keeper, we will say, for
an illustration. It may be $500. _ Within a
week a man who has paid tor the license—for
it is only a change of name to call il a special
tax—may, for some reason, desire to sell out.
He finds a purchaser and makes the transfer.
The purchaser is required to pay for a new
license $500. In a month that person sells
out, and the purchaser is required by this sec-
tion to#pay $500. And so, no matter how
many may be engaged in the same business in
the'same place successively^ each one has to
pay this special tax. Now, this bill ought to be
so modified as to permit the same business to
be conducted in the same place for one year
under one special tax. That is no more than
fair. It is not fair to impose a new tax on
every change made in a firm or in the owner-
ship of the bnsiness so long as they continue
in the same place and in the same building.
