1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2043
dent to the Senate that ail that is necessary to
translate a generous and magnanimous Sen-
ator into a very hard-hearted man is to make
him chairman of a Committee on Appropria-
tions. Vt e have listened to the statements read
by the honorable Senator from Minnesota, and
the chairman of this committee rises in the
face of these statements and makes a speech
that I must be excused and must forbear from
commenting upon.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota to the amendment of the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Ramsey.) Ac-
cept the $20,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. No; butl will compromise
on $30,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It is very diffi-
cult to see what could be done even with
§20,000; I think it is a large allowance.
Mr. RAMSEY. But gentlemen ought to
consider that by the time you get the produce
of the sum appropriated to that remote coun-
try the amount is reduced very much.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I have a very
great suspicion of that.
Mr. RAMSEY. The amount appropriated
will not furnish as much provisions at Devil's
Lake as the same amount would at the city of
Washington—perhaps not half as much. The
transportation at this season of the year is
very expensive, and, L presume, the cost of
the transportation is to be taken out of the
gross appropriation. An appropriation of
340,000 for feeding a thousand or more In-
dians at that distant point, by the time the cost
of the intermediate transportation is taken
out, will be reduced one half; and what is
$20,000 worth of provisions for a thousand
people who have been starving for three
months and have been without clothing?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. If the Senator
resists any compromise he must take the
chances of what he can get. I shall feel
bound to oppose his amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The question being put, it was declared to
be carried in the negative.
Mr. RAMSEY. I call for a division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators
in favor of the amendment to the amendment
will rise.
Mr. RAMSEY. On reflection I think I w ill
accept the offer of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs and take §20,000.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Minnesota
to modify his amendment by striking out
"540,000'' and inserting " 20,000?"
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
The amendment to the amendment, as modi-
fied, was agreed to.
The amendment of the Committee, as
amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
REVISION OF TIIE RULES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration  
Mr. ANTHONY. I have given way for the
last three or four weeks to everybody and every-
thing; and I really hope that if the Senate de-
sire to revise the Rules they will take up this
report.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Feeling under
obligations to the S.enator, I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the re-
port of his committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. The motion, I believe, is
unnecessary. I think the report is regularly
before the Senate as the special order.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No; other
business has intervened, and the special order
has lost its place.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I move, then,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the special order assigned for to-day, the
report of the select Committee to Revise the
Rules,
Mr. DRAKE. I submit the question of
order whether that remains any longer the
special order when another matter has sup-
planted it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
said it did not, and therefore the motion was
made to take it up, which motion is now pend-
ing. The question is on taking up the report
for consideration.
Mr. DRAKE. Is that motion amendable?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I do not
see how it can be amended.
Mr. DRAKE. Well, sir, I object to it upon
this ground, that this is an attempt to amend the
Rules of the Senate that have been in operation
from time whereof the memory of man runneth
not to the contrary ; an attempt to force this
thing in here now, I do not say for the purpose,
because I am not fully advised of the purpose,
but with the effect, of preventing the Senate
from acting on a matter which is regarded by
many Senators as of importance with reference
to the action of the Senate sitting upon trial
of an impeachment next Monday. Now, sir,
if it should be that the purpose of the Senator
from Rhode Island is, by thrusting this thing
in this way before the Senate, to prevent the
Senate acting to-day upon the proposition which
I introduced yesterday, and which bears upon
the impeachment trial, then I should like to
know it, and we can tell just exactly where we
stand. If it is not his purpose to do that, yet
the effect is the same. Sir, I wish now to have
the sense of the Senate on the question whether
it will suffer a matter of that kind that I intro-
duced yesterday, and which relates to the trial
that is to come on next Monday, to be thrust
aside for the purpose of taking up Rules of the
Senate, which it does not make a bit of differ-
ence to the public business whether they be
adopted this day or a week hence or a1 month
hence.
Now, sir, I appeal to the Senator from Rhode
Island to give me the position here that will
enable me to take the sense of the Senate on
the proposition I introduced yesterday.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. Preside.it, I think I
appreciate as highly as any Senator can the
vast importance of deciding whether we shall
address the dignitary who is to preside over
this body next week as '"Mr. Chief Justice"
or "Mr. President." [Laughter.] But I can
only express my surprise and, if my friend from
Missouri will allow me to say so, my indigna-
tion that so vigilant a guardian of the public
interests as he is should have allowed this
question to remain till the day but one before
we are to meet in that capacitj'. [Laughter.]
It seems to me he ought to have brought it up
the very day that the court of impeachment—
I beg pardon, the Senate acting as a court of
impeachment—adjourned. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, I am afraid that those very mischievous
Senators who sit upon the other side of the
Chamber, if this question comes up, will dis-
cuss it and debate it so long that, our patience
will be wearied out, and we shall be obliged to
adjourn, and I think thus the whole session of
to-day will be lost.
Mr. DRAKE. I suppose that means that
they will debate it until the gentleman gets
hungry for his dinner.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, they generally get
hungry for dinner about this time.
Mr. DRAKE. Not yet.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope, for the reason I
have stated, the Senate will proceed to the
consideration of the special order of the day,
which is, next to the question whether we shall j
call the presiding officer of this body "Mr. I
Chief Justice" or "Mr. President," I think
the most important matter of public concern
before us. [Laughter,]
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I have made
an appeal to the Senator from Rhode Island,
which he has chosen to disregard. He under-
takes the game of " whistling down the wind"
this proposition that I have presented to the
Senate.
_ Mr. NYE. Will the Senator from Missouri
give me one moment?
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. Can you not put your amend-
ment on the Rales that the Senator from Rhode
Island desires to call up ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly it can be offered
as an amendment to the Rules.
Mr. DRAKE. But, if tho Senate does not
get through with the whole subject of the rules
to-day, that amendment will go over with
the whole subject to the end of time.
_ Mr. NYE. I suggest that that will be the
shorter way, for I heard one of the Senators
on the other side of the House say he was pre-
pared to make a long constitutional argument
on this question. [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. Very well, sir; let the gentle-
men on the other side make their long consti-
tutional arguments. I am very well disposed
to be in a good humor about this matter, quite
as much so as the gentlemen who are engaged
in the very laudable attempt of laughing down
a thing which they see the substance of but do
not wish the country to see the substance of.
Sir, I insist upon it that there is substance in
this matter. I say before this Senate and
before the country that if, when the Senate sat
yesterday week, I had been placed in any
position of responsibility in regard to the im-
peachment trial, such as the chairman of the
committee charged with looking after the mat-
ters connected with that trial, I would have
taken the position that the paper which was
read here signed by the President of the Uni-
ted States, purporting to enter his appear-
ance to the charges, should not be received by
the Senate, for the simple reason that it was
not addressed to the Senate, but addressed to
an individual who has no place in the Senate
whatever. We do not know him here; he
does not belong here. There is no Chief Jus-
tice, sir, in the Senate of the United States.
There never was; there never can be under
the Constitution as it is.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I desire to
know what tho question before the Senate is?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on taking up tho special order, the re-
portof the select Committee to Revise the Rules
of the Senate, for consideration at this time.
Mr. GRIMES. I undertand 
Mr. DRAKE. Mr. President, I insist on
my right to the floor.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, sir, I insist upon my
right to the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. Very well, sir. He has not
the floor, and I have it.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I am still
addressing the Chair on a point of order.
Mr. DRAKE. The gentleman has not be-
fore said that he addressed the Chair on a
point of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor will state his point of order.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that the Pre-
siding Officer of the Senate stated that those
Rules were informally laid aside for the purpose
of considering the several appropriation bills
that were under the charge of the Senator from
Maine; therefore, those appropriation bills
having been disposed of, the Rules are now
before the Senate, and if- the Senator from
Missouri wishes to reach tho question he is ■
discussing he must move to postpone them in
order to take up his own proposition.
Mr. DRAKE. The gentleman does not
know the position of the case at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state the condition of the question. The
special order was passed over informally for
the purpose of taking up an appropriation bill.
The bill was taken up and disposed of. Another
appropriation bill afterwards was sought to be
taken up informally. That was objected to,
