1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
Laws of the United States.
40th Oosg. ... 2d Sess.
Chap. CCXXYII.—An Act to authorize the
temporary Supplying of Vacancies in the
Executive Departments.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
rPXr.'llf./ll.OI'iPQ n-filia TTmnfnJ A  *
resignation, absence, or sickness of the head
of any executive Department of the Govern-
ment, the first or sole assistant thereof shall,
unless otherwise directed by the President of
the United States, as is hereinafter provided,
perform the duties of such head until a suc-
cessor be appointed, or such absence or sick-
ness shall cease.
Seu. 2. And be it farther enacted, That in
case of the death, resignation, absence, or sick-
ness of the chief of any bureau, or of any officer
thereof, except Commissioner of Patents,
whose appointment is not in the head of any
executive Department, the deputy of such chief
or of such officer, or if there be no deputy,
then the chief clerk of such bureau, shall, un-
less otherwise directed by the President of the
United States, as is hereinafter provided, per-
form the duties of such chief or of such officer
until a successor be appointed or such absence
or sickness shall cease. And no appointment,
designation, or assignment otherwise than as
is herein provided, in the cases mentioned 1in
the first, second, and third sections of this act,
shall be made except to fill a vacancy happen-
ing during the recess of the Senate.
Sec._ 3. And be it further enacted, That in
any of the cases hereinbefore mentioned it
shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, in his discretion, to authorize and direct
the head of any other executive Department
or other officer in either of those Departments
whose appointment is, by and with the advice
and consent of the Seriate, vested in the
President, to perform the duties of the office
vacant as aforesaid until a successor be ap-
pointed, or the sickness or absence of the in-
cumbent shall cease: Provided, That nothing
in this act shall authorize the supplying as
aforesaid a vacancy for a longer period than
ten days when such vacancy shall be occasioned
by death or resignation ; and the officer so per-
forming the duties of the office temporarily
vacant shall not be entitled to extra compen-
sation therefor: And provided also, That in
case of the death, resignation, absence, or
sickness of the Commissioner of Patents, the
duties of said Commissioner, until a successor
be appointed or such absence or sickncss shall
cease, shall devolve upon the examiner-in-
chief in said office oldest in length of com-
mission.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
acts heretofore passed on the subject of tem-
porarily supplying vacancies in the Executive
Departments, or which empower the President
to authorize any person or persons to perform
the duties of the head of any executive De-
partment, or of any officer in either of the
Departments, in case of a vacancy therein or
inability of such head of a Department or officer
fo discharge the duties of his office, and all
laws inconsistent with the provisions of this
act, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 23, 1808.
Chap. CCXXVHI.—An Act making a Grant
of Land to the State of Minnesota to aid in
the Improvement of the Navigation of the
Mississippi River.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Mates of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and hereby
is, granted to the State of Minnesota, for the
purpose of aiding said State in constructing
am! completing a lock and dam at Meeker's
i-land. (so called,) in the Mississippi river, in
s.iid State, and thereby facilitating the navi-
gation of the Mississippi river between the
iaiU of St. Anthony and the mouth of the
Minnesota river, two hundred thousand acres
of public lands, to be selected in alternate
odd-numbered sections by an agent to be
appointed by the Governor of said State, sub-
ject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Interior: Provided, That said lands shall be
selected from the public lands lying within the
limits of the said State of Minnesota, and
that not more than one section thereof shall
be selected in any one township: Provided
further, That said selections shall not be made
from any lands containing mines of gold, sil-
ver, cinnabar, or copper, nor from any lands
to which rights of preemption or homestead
have attached.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said
lands so granted shall be subject to the dis-
posal of the Legislature of said State for the
purposes mentioned in the first section of this
act, and no other; and the said lock and dam
shall be and remain forever a public highway,
free from any toll or charge of any kind what-
ever ; and the said Legislature shall have
power to pass all needful rules and regulations
that may be necessary to fully carry out the
purposes of this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the
work shall be done under the direction of the
engineer department of the United States,
according to the plan and estimate submitted
by Major General Warren, and that if said
lock and dam are not constructed within two
years from and after the date of the accept-
ance and disposition of this grant by the
Legislature of the said State, the lands hereby
granted shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That at
any time after the selection of the said lands,
and subsequent to the completion of said lock
and dam, the lands hereby granted shall be
open for settlement by actual settlers upon
paying to the State of Minnesota a price not
exceeding one dollar and twenty-five cents per
acre for the same, which shall be paid by the
State to the company who may construct said
lock and dam.
Sec. 5. Andbeit further enacted, That if at
any time prior to the completion of the said
lock and dam the Government of the United
States shall make an appropriation in money
sufficient to construct said lock and dam, then
the grant of lands herein made shall revert to
the United States: Provided, That this act
shall have no effect on lands already granted
for railroad purposes.
Approted, July 23, 18G8.
Chap. CCXXTX.—An Act making Appropri-
ations for the Payment of Invalid and other
Pensions of the United States for the year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-nine.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums
be, and the same are hereby, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not, otherwise
appropriated, for the payment of pensions for
the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine:
For invalid pensions under various acts, ten
million dollars.
For pensions of widows, children, mothers,
fathers, brothers, and sisters of soldiers, as pro-
vided by acts of March eighteen, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen; May fifteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight; June seventh, eighteen
hundred and thirty-two ; July fourth, eighteen
hundred and thirty-six; July seventh, eighteen
hundred and thirty-eight; March third, eight-
een hundred and forty-three ; June seven-
teenth, eighteen hundred and forty-four; Feb-
ruary second, July twenty-first, and July
twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and forty-eight; j
February third, eighteen hundred and fifty- j
three ; June third, eighteen hundred and fifty- >
eight; and July fourteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty two, with its supplementary acts ; |
and for compensation to pension agents and
expenses of agencies, twenty million dollars.
For Navy pensions to invalids, widows and
children, and other relatives of the .officers
and men of the Navy dying in the line of
duty, now provided by law, three hundred and
fifty thousand dollars, to be paid from the
Navy pension fund.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That the
i interest on the fund known as the naval pen-
| sion fund shall hereafter be at the rate of
j three per cent, per annum in lawful money,
i and shall be applicable exclusively to the pay-
! ment of the Navy pensions according to exist-
ing laws.
Appuo\ed, July 23. 1808.
Chap. CCXXX.—An Act to Incorporate the
"Washington Target-Shooting Association"
in the District of Columbia.
Be it enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That Charles Klomann,
Frederick H'ugler, Charles Ebel, - John H.
Stailey, Adolf Oluss, G. Dill, Gustav Hartig,
B. Henze, John Kessel, Caspar Kneessi, IS. L.
Schmidt, Bicliard VVallach, M. Miehler, Lewis
Clephane, and A. C. Richards, of Washington
city, in the District of Columbia, and their
associates and successors, be, and are hereby,
incorporated and made a body-corporate, by
the name of the " Washington Target-Shooting
Association," and by that name may sue and
be sued, plead and be impleaded, in any court
of law of competent jurisdiction, and be en-
titled to use and exercise all the powers,
rights, and privileges incident to such corpo-
ration, for the purpose of establishing and
maintaining, in the District of Columbia, a
"Park," designated and named the " Wash-
ington Schutzen-Park," the object of which
shall be moral and social, and to acquire pro-
ficiency and skill as marksmen.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of said corporation shall not
exceed one hundred thousand dollars, and
that the stock shall be divided into shares of
twenty-five dollars each, and shall be transfer-
able in such manner as the said corporation,
by its by-laws, may direct.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
government and direction of the affairs of the
corporation shall be vested in a board of direct-
ors, not less than nine in number, who shall
be elected by the stockholders from among
the corporators and their associates and suc-
cessors, in such manner as the by-laws of the
corporation may direct.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
said corporation shall have full power to make
and prescribe such by-laws, rules, and regula-
tions as they may deem needful and proper for
the management of the stock, property, estate,
and effects of the corporation, not inconsistent
with the laws in force in the Distrietof Colum-
bia; to have and use a common seal, with the
privilege of altering the same at pleasure ; to
purchase, take, and hold, by deed or other-
wise, any property, real, personal, or mixed,
and the same, or any part thereof, to dispose
of at pleasure ; and to execute such deed or
deeds or other conveyances as may be neces-
sary therefor; to issue stock, and make all
suitable and necessary regulations for the pur-
chase. sale, and transfer of the same ; to bor-
row money ; to impose fines upon the members,
and collect the same as other small debts arc
collected; to expel members; to make pro-
vision for the admission of members, and to
provide for the election of such officers as may
be deemed necessary for the proper manage-
ment of the affairs of said corporation ; and
generally to have and exercise all such other
and further corporate powers as may be deemed
necessary for the purpose of carryingont effect-
ually the object and purposes of this act: Pro-
videdThat the property of the said associa-
