1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3067
Now, sir, as I understand it, the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa, as modified,
includes the proposition which I am debating,
that one tax is all that the Government should
require upon the same business conducted for
one year in the same place without reference
to (lie parties who carry that business on.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Chairman, I shall
repeat my opposition to this amendment, for
it is one of a sort of Protean character, which
keeps appearing and reappearing in pretended
different shapes, but always the same thing,
and when I have expressed my opposition to
it I shall request that debate on this paragraph
may cease.
Now, we propose no new thing. What we
propose is simply a continuance, so far as this
matter is concerned, of the present law. By
these special taxes we impose upon persons
engaged or employing their capital in a par-
ticular way what we considered fair as their
contribution to the support of the Govern-
ment. This may operate in certain cases,
where by no fault of their own or by force of
circumstances a change is necessary, a hard-
ship, and for three classes of those occurrences
that may happen to a man in business we have
provided. We have provided that in case of
his death the law will step in and make an
exception and provide relief so far as to permit
his legal representatives or family to have the
benefit of the tax he has paid. We have pro-
vided that where by force of circumstances a
man has to remove from the place where he
commenced business he may continue his busi-
ness at another place to which he may go.
And we have provided that where a partner-
ship or firm is still kept up, but circumstances
have occurred which induce a change in the
individual persons composing that firm or part-
nership, the partnership.shall still have the
benefit of the tax which it has paid.
In all these cases, however, we have thought
it proper to guard it, as the law now guards it,
by providing that in any such case of death,
changej or removal, the fact shall be registered
with the assistant assessor and with the col-
lector, together with the name or names of the
person or persons deceased, or making such
change or removal under regulations to be pre-
scribed. The object of that is to keep the run
in the different districts of the persons who
thus are permitted to have the benefit of these
exceptions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
message from the senate.
At this point the committee rose informally,
and the Speaker having resumed tjie chair, a
message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Gorham, its Secretary, announcing that the
Senate had passed bills and a joint resolution
of the following titles; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House:
A bill (S. No. 307) for the relief of certain
Government contractors;
A bill (S. No. '353) to authorize the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to adjust the
accounts of Ezra Carter, jr., late collector of
the customs at Portland, Maine ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 93) granting
permission to officers and soldiers to wear the
badges of the corps in which they served during
the rebellion.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the bill (H. It. No. 1058) to
admit the States of North Carolina, South
Carolina, Louisiana, Georgia, and Alabama
lo representation in Congress, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
internal tax bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. INGEUSOLL. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Pbice's
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that all debate may be closed on this section.
There was no objection i and it was so ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Price's
amendment; and there were—ayes 33, noes
21; no quorum voting.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the Committee
of W ays and Means will agree to consider this
amendment as agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
agree to that. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Pbice, and
Hoopeb of Massachusetts, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 49, noes 38; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the call for a division, with the under-
standing that we shall have a vote on the
amendment in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the amendment
will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. Was there a quorum
voting ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Massachusetts stated that he waived a further
count on the understanding that there should
be a vote in the House.
Mr. PRICE. There must be a vote in the
House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am willing that the gen-
tleman sha'll have an opportunity of renewing
the amendment in the House.
Mr. PRICE. Oh, no ; we do not propose
when we have the victory to give up our ad-
vantage.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum voted, and
if the gentleman from Ohio insists on it the
roll will be called.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman shall have
an opportunity of renewing the amendment in
the House. I hope he will agree to that rather
than break up the committee.
Mr. PRICE No, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well: I do not ob-
ject to the call. Let it appear on the record
who is here to attend to the business of the
House.
Mr. PRICE. I am quite willing. I am
always here.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is about time we had
a call of the House.
Mr. PRICE. There is a majority in favor
of the amendment, and I do not propose to
waive any rights I have acquired.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] called for tellers, which were ordered.
After the result of the count had been an-
nounced, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoopek] said he would withdraw his call
for a further count, and allow the amendment
to be adopted, as a vote could be taken upon
it in the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well. I am willing
to be bound by what has been done by my
colleague on the committee.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 03. And be it further enacted. That in every
case where it becomes necessary to ascertain the
amount of annual or monthly sales made by any
person on whom a special tax is imposed, or to ascer-
tain the excess of such sales above a given amount,
such amounts and excesses shall be ascertained and
returned under such regulations and in such form as
shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue: and in any case where the amount of the
tax has been increased by law above the amount
before paid by any person in that behalf, such per-
son shajt be asain assessed and pay the amount of
such increase from the taking effect of this act; and
in apy ease where the amount of sales or receipts has
beifc"understated or underestimated by any person,
sufeh person shall be again assessed for such deficiency,
r5id shall be required to pay the same, with any pen-
alty or penalties that may by law have accrued or be
chargeable thereon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend this sec-
tion by striking out the following clause :
And in any case where the amount of the tax has
been increased bylaw above the amount before paid
by any person in that behalf, such person shall be
again assessed and pay tho amount of such increaso
from the taking effect of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETERS. I desire to suggest a verbal
amendment lo this section. I think the words
" if done fraudulently" should be inserted in
the last clause of this section. I am not famil-
iar enough with the bill to be able to tell what
the penalty may be. _ But it strikes me that
unless a person acts dishonestly he should not
be liable to the'penalty.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a provision in
the portion of the bill already passed which
enables a person making a mistake to be
relieved from the penalty.
Mr. PETERS. As the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means Stems to be so
certain that the amendment E have suggested
is not necessary, I will withdraw it.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 94. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
where it is provided that the special tax imposed on
any person engaged in manufacturing or prosecuting
any business shall be increased by imposing an addi-
tional tax estimated on the excess of sales beyond
the amount of sales specified as tho maximum for
which the annuat special tax is imposed, theamount
of all sales shall be returned monthly; but it shall
be held and considered that the annual payment of
tho special tax due on the 1st day of May in each
year shall bo for the tax on the sales in that year
until they amowit to such maximum ; and no addi-
tion to any special tax shall "be assessed and collected
on any sales reported in any monthly or other peri-
odical return or statement required by this act until
the sales in that year exceed the amount specified as
the maximum for which the annual special tax was
paid, and such addition shall be assessed and im-
posed only on the excess beyond tho maximum
amount so specified.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the first
clause of this section by striking out the words
"the amount of all sales" before the words
"shall be returned monthly," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words, " or on the amount of
receipts for such business, the amount of such
sales and receipts."
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendment was offered.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sue. 95. And be it further cnneled, That nothing
contained in this act shall be construed to impose a
special tax upon any person who sells wine made
trom grapes or other products of his own growth, at
the place where the same is made; nor shall any
farmer be taxed as a manufacturer or 'dealer for
making and selling butter or cheese, with milk from
his own cows, manufactured on his own farm, nor for
producing or selling any other farm product.
Mr. BARNES. I move to amend the last
clause of this section by striking out the word
"farmer," and inserting in lieu thereof the
word " person." There are a great, many per-
sons in this country not farmers who produce
these articles.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the last
clause of this amendment by inserting before
the words "butter or cheese," the words
"sugar or molasses manufactured from sor-
ghum, the product of his own growth, or."
I am not certain but what this provision is
already in this bill; I have not noticed the
amendments which have been made. But if a
provision of this kind is not now in this bill,
then I think my amendment ought to be adopted,
so as to encourage a new industry of this char-
acter. It seems to me this article can bear
taxation much less readily than almost any
other; I think it should be particularly encour-
aged. In the main this manufacture is now
carried on by small proprietors, men who raise
an acre or two acres of sorghum and manufac-
ture it themselves. I hope there will be no
objection to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 shall not oppose the
amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Holmajt w-as then
agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. In order to make this
provision consistent with what we have already
passed, I move to strike out of this section all
that relates to butter and cheese, because we
have provided for that in a previous part of
the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I oppose that amendment,
and I hope these words will be kept in this
section. If we send this bill to the Senate
with two provisions in it relating to butter and
cheese, the Senate will choose between the two,
and probably will strike out what has been
inserted upon the gentleman's motion. I
