4092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
that instead of the revenue from that source
increasing as the tax was increased the amount
was materially diminished. My judgment then
was that the tax was too high. It was too
high to insure large revenue, and too high,
having in view the interests of western people,
where the larger part of the grain out of which
spirits is or should be manufactured. I thought
then that it should be reduced to one dollar
per gallon.- It was urged, however, by those
having the subject specially in charge, that the
two-dollar tax had not had a fair test, and the
Government would be able to do better after
the supply on hand when the tax was raised
was used up, and by a heavy tax on spirits
and tobacco other interests could be relieved.
With these statements, and others of a similar
character, those in favor of a high tax were
able to keep it at two dollars. So we have
gone on from year to year until the amount of
revenue from spirits has run down from about
thirty millions ayear to $13,000,000; and there
seems at last to be a conviction here, and every-
where else, that the tax will have to be reduced
soon or we shall get no revenue at all from
that source.
It is humiliating, sir, to be compelled to
admit that we are driven to this point by the
rascals in the country. And I very much fear,
sir, that its reduction will not insure the honest
collection of the tax that we shall agree upon,
however stringent we make the law in provid-
ing for its collection.
The judgment of Congress now is to place
the tax at fifty cents per gallon and require
its collection at the still or distillery warehouse.
We can do no less than try this plan and hope
for good results. Fraud in connection with
this interest mustbe stopped some how. Unless
it is we had better repeal the law entirely and
get back to the days of free whisky, and let the
distilleries run.
But, sir, I desire to offer some suggestions
touching this subject, showing the effect of high
taxation of spirits upon the general economy
and welfare of the country.
And, sir, I am glad to state that a gentleman
of my own district, a man of wealth and busi-
ness, and high character, and who has not been
engaged in the business of manufacturing or
dealing in spirits, has furnished me the facts
and figures which I shall use in this portion of
my argument. The greater portion of the dis-
tilled spirits which pays no tax is made in an
illicit manner and with imperfect machinery.
It is a well known fact that such a still, run in
the dark and secret, cannot produce as great
a quantity of spirits from a given quantity of
grain as will the large establishment with per-
fect machinery worked in an open and scien-
tific manner. The object of the dishonest man,
secretly engaged in defrauding the Govern-
ment, is to escape detection and get as much
money in his pocket as he can quickly as pos-
sible. In his haste and fear he fails to get as
much spirits from a bushel of grain as the large
distiller can make; besides, the slops with which
to fatten beef and pork running from the illicit
still are an entire and absolute waste.
There is supposed to be made about seventy-
five million gallons of spirits each year. It is
estimated, I believe, that distilleries properly
run can make about three and a halt gallons
of spirits from a bushel of grain. If this is
so, in the manufacture of seventy-five million
gallons of spirits about twenty-one and a half
million bushels of grain would be consumed.
It is not supposed that an illicit distiller could
produce more than two and a half gallons
from a bushel of grain. If so, in the illicit
distillation of seventy-five million gallons of
spirits thirty million bushels of grain would
be consumed—making a difference of about
nine miiliousin tliearnountof grain consumed;
the difference being an entire loss to the
wealth of the country. To this loss must be !
added the amount of slops thrown away. It [
is said the slops will make half as much beef
and pork as the corn itself if fed to the animals, ,
but if it will make one third as much then it
is equal to a loss of over seven million bushels !
of grain, making a total loss to the country
equal to about fifteen and a half million bushels
of grain, which, at the lowest calculation,
would be worth, according to the ruling prices
in the country, about twelve million dollars.
These figures are made upon the assumption
that the spirits are all made in an illicit man-
ner ; the evidence is that the greater portion is
so made. The exports of grain from this
country during the year 1867 did not amount
to more than ten million bushels. Thus it will
be seen that the waste from illicit and fraud-
ulent distillation of spirits amounts to more
than all our exports of grain, and of course is
felt by all who consume a bushel of grain or a
pound of meat, and by all those who contribute
in taxes to the support of the country.
Every honest business in the land demands
that the distillation of spirits should be con-
ducted openly and honestly, like other busi-
ness conducted by honest men ; that the taxes
legally imposed upon such products should be
paid, and that when paid it should find its way
into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, I will not take up the time
of the House longer. I trust this bill will
become a law very soon, and that when it does
we may hear of better results in the collection
of the revenue from spirits and tobacco, and
that we may soon be able to relieve entirely all
the other branches of industry from taxation,
and rely upon custom duties and tax on spirits
and tobacco to pay the interest on the public
debt and meet the current expenses of the
Government.
Since the close of the war, notwithstanding
the enormous expenditures incurred in paying
off and reducing the Army, notwithstanding
the fact that we have reduced the public debt
$100,000,000 a year, and have paid in bounty
to the soldiers millions of dollars annually,
and to the pensioners millions more, and
have paid the interest on the public debt,
and raised money necessary to support the
Government, yet we have every year light-
ened the burdens upon the people by the
modification of the tax laws. The first year
after the war closed we repealed taxes which
had amounted to $60,000,000; the next year
$40,000,000, and this year we have already
relieved the people by the repeal of taxes which
last year amounted to $90,000,000. We might
still go further, and still have a surplus, after
meeting all just demands due, to be applied in
discharge of the principal of the debt.
Mr. Chairman, with all the burdens for the
last few years resting upon the people they have
gone forward enjoying a reasonable degree of
prosperity. With a little encouragement, by
wise and prudent legislation a degree of pros-
perity will soon prevail all over the land, which
will double the aggregate wealth of the nation
and enable us to provide for the payment of
the debt without oppressing the business of the
people. Then let us adopt such a policy as
will produce such results.
Mr. BROOMALL addressed the committee
on general political topics. [His remarks will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. PAINE spoke on the New York Dem-
ocratic convention, its candidates and platform.
[His remarks will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. GAliFIELD, Mr. BUTLER, of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. PIKE, and Mr. STONE ad-
dressed the committee on the taxation of the
United States bonds. [Their speeches will be
published in the Appendix.] Mr. Stoke, be-
fore concluding, yielded to
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, who moved
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Van Horn, of New York, having taken the
chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Cui.i.oit
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the Union generally, had come to
no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. OULLOM, (at
ten o'clock, p. m.,) the Houhe adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BLAIR: The petition of several
' officers of the regular Army, for continuance
of increased pay upon the passage of Mr.
Schenck's bill to fix and equalize the pay of
officers, &c.
By Mr. FERRISS : The petition of certain
officers of the Army, for the continuance of
increased pay.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of officers
of the Army, for the passage of the bill known
as General Schenck's pay bill.
Also, the memorial of Joseph W. Burke,
protesting against the admission of John B.
Callis as a Representative in Congress from the
fifth district of Alabama.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: The
petition of William M. Simpson, of Wood
county, West Virginia, asking that his name
may be placed on the pension-roll.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of Foster
& Tower, praying relief on account of error
in contract for furnishing crucibles to Navy
Department.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 16, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. II. Gkay, D. D.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal ot
yesterday was dispensed with.
house bills kefekeed.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 1420) directing the Com-
missioner of Pensions to proceed to hear evi-
dence and determine the right of W. H. Cox,
deceased, late a sergeant in company F, sec-
ond regiment Pennsylvania artillery, to a pen-
sion in the same manner as if he was still living,
he having died of a disease contracted while a
prisoner of war at Andersonville, Georgia, and
if found to be entitled to a pension, then the
same from the time of his discharge till death,
to be paid over to his father, Charles D. Cox—
to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (II. R. No. S41) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Columbia Institution
for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb, and
establishing additional regulations for the gov-
ernment of the institution—to the Committee
on Appropriations.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 296) giving
the assent of the United States to the construc-
tion of certain wharves inthe harbor of Oswego,
New York—to the Committee on Commerce.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 342) for the
restoration of Commander Greenleaf Cilley,
and Commander Aaron K. Hughes, United
States Navy, to the active list from the retired
list—to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 043) to admit
free of duty certain statuary—to the Committee
on Finance.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 841) for the
relief of Z. M. Hall—to the Committee on
Commerce.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro femjiorelaid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 3d instant, information in
relation to the condition of the appropriation
for the publication of the medical and surgical
history of the war : which was referred to the
Committee on Printing.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of officers
of the United States Army, praying an increase
of compensation: which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
officers of the United States Army, praying an
