2044
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 21,
and the party seeking to take it up was put to
bis motion to take it up; and the Senate, on
motion, decided that they would proceed to the
consideration of that bill, which the Chair be-
lieved displaced the order of the day, so that
it conld be only proceeded with on motion;
and that is the position the Chair occupies
now, believing that the special order lost its
place by this intervening motion.; and, there-
fore, the question is now on the motion of the
Senator from Maine, to take up what was the
special order, the Rules reported by the select
committee on that subject, for consideration at
this time. That is the question now pending.
Mr. DRAKE. And I am giving reasons
why they should not be taken up. Am I in
order, Mr. President?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.' The Chair
supposes the Senator to be in order.
Mr. BUCKALEW, rose.
Mr. DRAKE. Am "I entitled to the floor,
sir?
The IfRESIDENTjpro tempore. Certainly,
you have the floor.
Mr. DRAKE. Then, sir, I do not yield it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, before
the Senator proceeds I desire to ask him a
question relating to the point on which he is
speaking, if he permits me. I do not care to
thrust myself in.
Mr. DRAKE. Certainly. _
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to know what
he means by speaking of the committee which
has charge of this trial? I was not aware that
we had any such committee.
Mr. DRAKE. Charge of matters connected
with the trial I thought was the phraseology I
used.
Mr. BUCKALEW. We had a committee,
I believe, to prepare rules preparatory to the
trial. • That committee reported, and I suppose
its functions are ended.
Mr. DRAKE. It is not a matter of any con-
sequence whether we had a committee or not.-.
Mr. President, I say that when the Senate sat
yesterday week for the trial of the impeach-
ment, an indignity was put upon it by the Pres-
ident of the United States in entering his ap-
pearance to the articles of impeachment, send-
ing a document here addressed not to the body
before which he was required,to appear, ijot to
the Senate of the United States, but to the
Chief Justice, when no such man was here at
all. That indignity was studied. It was fol-
lowed up by his counsel. Whenever they at-
tempted to address the President of the Senate,
they addressed him as "Mr. Chief Justice,"
while the managers of the impeachment on the
part of the House of Representatives addressed
him continually as "Mr. President." Now,
sir, while it is true that the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States comes
in here in virtue of his holding that office, to
preside over the Senate, he is no " Chief Jus-
tice" when he takes your chair; he is "Presi-
dent of the Senate while sitting upon the trial
of an impeachment," and no one has a right to
address him as " Mr. Chief Justice." If this
tiling had been done promiscuously, one way
as ''Mr. President" and then another way as
"Air. Chief Justice," showing no design, I
would not have said anythingaboutit, perhaps;
but there was a design in it; there was a pur-
pose in it to ignore the constitutional charac-
ter of this body, to call it a " court," to reject
its character as a "Senate." I wish to vindi-
cate that character. Wo engaged here very
earnestly in an effort to take out of the rules
governing the Senate when sitting upon the
trial of an impeachment, everything that related
to a "high court of impeachment " and we did
it; and yet, sir, notwithstanding that, the Pres-
ident's counsel come in here and the President
himself and address the Senate as a court and
never recognized it as a Senate at all.
Mr. President, suppose the Constitution had
said that the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives should preside in this body when the
President of the United States was impeached,
would you, in addressing him, get up and say
"Mr. Speaker?" Suppose it had provided
that the Governor of the most populous State
in the Union should come here and preside in
that event, would you call him "Mr. Governor?"
And when the President pro tempore of the
Senate is in the chair is he addressed as " Mr.
President pro tempore?" What propriety
would there be in it ? Jnst as much as there
would be now in my addressing you, sir, as
you sit in that chair as " Mr. Senator from
Ohio?"
Sir, there is more in this than appears upon
the face of it. There is a studied and deliber-
ate attempt on the part of the President and
his counsel to flout the Senate; and, sir,. I
wish to prevent it. All the time while we were
adopting the rules we were adopting them for
the purpose of having everything conducted in
good order and with propriety. Here, sir, is
an impropriety on the very first day that the
President's counsel appear. I wish to check
it in the future. There is .-substance in it;
there is meaning in it; and I ho.pe the Senate
will not take up the general rules, but will
refuse to take them up. that I may bring up
the proposition which 1 offered yesterday.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the .proposition which
the Senator from Missouri makes could be
considered and voted on without debate, I
would very willingly give way and I would vote
on either side of the question, for I do not think
i.tof the least consequence. I cannot recognize
in it the grave question which he connects with
it. I noticed that last Friday week some Sen-
ators addressed the presiding officer as "Mr.
Chief Justice," and some addressed him as
"Mr. President." I recollect that I had oc-
casion myself to address him once and it would
be impossible for mo to tell which term I used.
I think it of no kind of consequence which is
used. He is the President of the Senate for
the time being, and he ,is the Chief Justice, and
he is there because he is Chief Justice; and I
think it is of no sort of consequence which
term is used.
But I know very well that this question, be-
ing connected, as my friend from Missouri has
connected it, with matters of much graver
consequence, will be discussed here for a long
time, and we shall just wear out-what remains
of this day's session to no purpose, whereas
if the order of the day is. taken, up we may,
perhaps, accomplish some result. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will proceed to the con-
sideration of the Rules reported by the select
committee on that subject. I can assure the
Senator from Missouri that I am no conspira-
tor in this matter ; I am no party to any con-
spiracy or to any intrigue to put down his mo-
tion. On the contrary, he must bear witness that
I have with the utmost fidelity endeavored for
the last three weeks, every time I could get the
eye of the Chair, to call up the report, of the
Committee on the Rules long before the Sen-
ator made his proposition. I have no objec-
tion to his proposition particularly.
Mr. DRAKE. I understand it perfectly, sir.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, by the
proposition of the Senator from Missouri, as I
understand his resolution, the Senate is to have
two presiding officers. Now, it may make some
difference with my vote in this aspect: in the
event that the President of the United States
should be successfully impeached, I desire to
know which of those presiding officers is to be
the successor of the President of the United
States? [Laughter.]
Mr. DRAKE. I have no doubt, Mr. Presi-
dent, that it would make a very big difference
with the honorable Senator from Rhode Island ;
but as it happens that the very moment the
President of the United States is convicted the
functions of the Chief Justice, as presiding
officer, cease, and the other presiding officer
comes with his head above water, it is not likely
there will be any trouble in determining which
is the one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on proceeding to the consideration of
the report of the select Committee to Revise
the Rules of the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. On that question, as a test
of the sense of the Senate, I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have listened, sir,
with a great deal of pleasure to the honorable
Senator from Missouri. He certainly feels that
his proposition is one of great importance. He
informs us that in addressing the presiding
officer of the Senate when it sits as a court for
the trial of the President of the United States
as " Mr. Chief Justice," there is a design, a
purpose, an objeet; that there is something
hidden which has not been revealed. He seepia
to be perfectly confident, perfectly satisfied,
that there is some matter beneath which is un-
known to many members of the Senate. Now,
if it be true that gentlemen come before this
body when acting in another capacity with a
design and a purpose known to that honorable .
Senator, but unknown to his colleagues on this .
floor, I think it is due to his colleagues that he
should tell them what that design and what that
purpose is. If it be true that the President of
the United States, in the communication which
he sent to the Senate acting as a court of im-
peachment, had a design in addressing its pre-
siding officer as "Mr. Chief Justice," if his
counselhad apurpose tosubservc of which they
had knowledge, and of which the honorable
Senator from Missouri seems to have knowl-
edge 
Mr. DRAKE. I never said so.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The honorable Sena-
tor declared that there -was a purpose in it, as
I understand ; that it meant something.
Mr. DRAKE. Yes, sir; but I never said
that I knew what the purpose was.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then, Mr. President,
I ask the honorable Senator by what authority,
on what ground, does he tell his colleagues on
this floor that there was a design and there was
a purpose in all this, if he does not know what
that design and purpose was?
Mr. DRAKE. Will the Senator allow me
to reply? '
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly, sir; I always
yield with pleasure to any correction.
Mr. DRAKE. I say this: the President
was cited to appear before the Senate of the
United States, and he brings in a paper here,
not addressed to the Senate of the United
States, but addressed to "Mr. Chief Justice."
Mr. ANTHONY. By whom was he cited ?
Mr. DRAKE. Cited by the Senate of the
United States; and he brings in a paper enter-
ing his appearance to that citation, not ad-
dressed to the Senate, but to the Chief Jus-
tice, and never once referring tQ the Senate,
as such, in it: and his counsel take it up in
the same strain and address themselves to
"Mr. Chief Justice" all the time. I say, sir,
that these circumstances occurring do develop
to my mind distinctly that therg was a purpose
in doing it. What the underlying purpose is
I cannot yet see, but that there was one I have
no doubt.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, every
communication -which comes to this body,
whether it comes from the other House or from
a Department, is addressed to the Presiding
Officer of the Senate, and not to the Senate
itself. Now, sir, the circumstance which has
awakened such strong suspicion in the mind of
the honorable. Senator from Missouri is that
the presiding officer, on the occasion when
we last sat as a court of impeachment, was
addressed as " Mr. Chief Justice." Why, sir,
the Chief Justice of the United States is, ac-
cording to the terms of the Constitution of the
United States, made the presiding officer of
the body when sitting in that capacity. Be-
cause he was so addressed by some Senators
and by the counsel on the part of the de-
fense, the honorable Senator takes the alarm.
He snuffs danger in the distance. He sits upon
the topmost tower and beholds that danger in
the far-off distance.
And yet, sir, when asked the basis for his
suspicion, the grounds of his belief that there
was a purpose to subserve, a secret design
cherished, he knows nothing except that it
awakens in his mind grave suspicion! I ask
