544
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 23,
40XH COSTS. ... 2D SESS.
Laws of the United States.
tion, real, personal, and mixed, shall be held
for the purposes, arid none other, expressed in
the first section of this act.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the
members of said corporation shall have power
to exercise in target-shootiog at any time they
may deem proper, except on the Sabbath day,
commonly called Sunday.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That noth-
ing in this act contained shall give to said cor-
poration any banking privileges.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall take effect from and after its passage ;
and that the same may be altered, amended,
or repealed, at the pleasure of Congress.
Approved, July 28, 1868.
Chap. CCXXXIII.--An Act making Appro-
priations and to supply Deficiencies in the
Appropriations forthe Service of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the following sums,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, be,
and the same are hereby, appropriated for
the objects hereinafter expressed, for the fiscal
year ending J une thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, viz.:
legislative.
For compensation of the clerks of commit-
tees, the additional pay ordered by the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives, twenty-
fifth May, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight,
five thousand nine hundred and thirty-two dol-
lars.
For pay of additional messengers of the Sen-
ate, forthe month of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, two thousand two hundred and
forty-five dollars and four cents.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the Senate for the Congressional
Globe, for reporting the proceedings of the
Senate for the second session of the Fortieth
Congress, eight hundred dollars each, four
thousand dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the
reporters of the House for the Congressional
Globe, for reporting the proceedings of the
House for the second session of the Fortieth
Congress, eight hundred dollars each, four
thousand eight hundred dollars.
A sufficient sum is hereby appropriated to
pay the official reporters of the Globe in each
House the amount which the Comptroller of
the Treasury may find severally due to them
for services during the sessions of the Fortieth
Congress, under the eighteenth section of " An
act making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Governmentfor the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, and for other purposes," approved July
twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
botanical garden.
To complete the botanical conservatory in
accordance with the estimate of the architect
of the Capitol extension, to be expended under
the direction of the joint Committee on tiie
Library of Congress, ten thousand two hundred i
and (itty-two dollars and fifty cents. j
court of claims. i
For compensation of attorneys to attend to ,
taking testimony, witnesses, and commission- '
ers in said court, fifteen hundred dollars. j
interior department. j
Pension Bureau. i
For rent of building from November first, ;
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, to June j
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, for |
the use of the bureau, two'thousand dollars. i
Census Office. j
For the purpose of paying the amount due I
to certain United States marshals and their ■
assistants, for services rendered in taking the
eighth census, in the year eighteen hundred
and sixty, in the State of West Virginia, five
thousand three hundred and seventy-six dol-
lars and nine cents: Provided, That no part
of the sum hereby appropriated shall be paid
to,' or on account of, any claimant who par-
ticipated in the late rebellion, or gave it any
aid or comfort.
General Land Office.
For payment of the balance due the Architect-
ural Iron Works Company of Hew York, for
work done at enlargement, of the Congressional
Library in addition to their contract, such as
increasing the length of the northern wing and
furnishing four thousand six hundred and fifty-
two lineal feet of iron shelving more than re-
quired by their contract, five thousand nine
hundred and twenty-two dollars: Provided,
That the said bills shall first be examined and
approved by the joint Committee on the
Library.
For tiles for five thousand eight hundred
feet of tiling for the basement stairs of the
Patent Office building, to complete pavement
on the lower floor of the south wing, at one
dollar and twenty-five cents per foot, seven
thousand two hundred and fifty dollars.
For fuel and lights for the Patent Office
building, including the salaries of engineer and
assistant engineer and repair of heating appa-
ratus, five thousand dollars.
For distribution of congressional journals
and documents, two thousand dollars.
Office of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, for the purpose of paying for
blank books, binding, stationery, and miscel-
laneous items, including two of the daily city
newspapers, to be bound, filed, and preserved
for the use of the office, two thousand dollars.
Capitol Building.
For the payment of outstanding liabilities
incurred by the late Commissioner of Public
Buildings for materials furnished and labor
done in repairing the old portion of the Capitol
building prior to and during the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, five thousand four hundred and
eighty-four dollars and twenty-two cents: Pro-
vided, That no part of the sum hereby appro-
priated shall be paid until the said accounts
shall have been fully examined and approved
by the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury.
For the payment of the superintendent and
foreman of the public garden and others em-
ployed in the public garden and Capitol build-
ing and grounds, the sums to which they are
entitled under the act of July twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, six thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary.
treasury department.
For temporary clerks in the Treasury De-
partment: Provided, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized,
in his discretion, to classify the clerks author-
ized according to the character of their service,
twenty thousand dollars.
For furniture, carpets, and miscellaneous
items of the Treasury Bureau, ten thousand
dollars.
For fuel, labor, lights, and contingent
expenses of the Treasury Department build-
ing. twelve thousand dollars.
For this sum to refund to the appropriation
for the Treasury extension, for furniture fur-
nished to the following offices from January
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, to March
twenty-six, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
namely:
For the office of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, thirteen thousand four hundred and
seventy-seven dollars and seventy-two cents.
For expense in detecting and bringing to
trial and punishment persons engaged in coun-
terfeiting Treasury notes, bonds, and other
securities of the United States, as well as the
coin of the United States, and other frauds on
the revenue, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the office of the Second Comptroller, one
thousand one hundred and three dollars and
eighty-six cents.
Forthe office of the First Auditor, three hun-
dred and three dollars and ninety-two cents.
For the office of the Third Auditor, four
thousand and three dollars and thirty-one cents.
For the office of Fourth Auditor, five thou-
sand five hundred and ninety-one dollars and
thirty-eight cents.
For the office of Fifth Auditor, one thousand
two hundred and fifty-seven dollars and four-
teen cents.
For the office of Sixth Auditor, seven hun-
dred and twenty-four dollars and twenty-four
cents.
For the office of the Treasurer of the United
States, twelve thousand eight hundred and
twenty-four dollars and ninety-six cents.
For the office of Register, eleven hundred
and sixty-nine dollars and ninety-six eents.
For the office of Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, four thousand two hundred and twenty-
seven dollars and eighty-six cents.
For the office of the Solicitor, four thousand
five hundred and sixty-eight dollars and twelve
cents.
For the office of the first division of the
national currency, two thousand four hundred
and twenty-six dollars and eighty-five cents.
For the office of the Light-House Board, two
thousand six hundred and seventy dollars and
forty-one cents.
For the office of Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, six thousand nine hundred and eight
dollars and eighty-nine cents.
For the office of the Attorney General, two
hundred and one dollars and eighty cents.
For the quarters of the Treasury regiment,
four hundred and twenty-two dollars and six-
teen eents; making in all the sum of sixty-one
thousand eight hundred and eighty-two dollars
and forty cents.
For facilitating communication between the
Atlantic and Pacific States by electrical tele-
graph, (to supply deficiency for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven,) forty thousand dollars.
Construction Branch of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
For constructing the custom-house at Port-
land, Maine, fifty thousand dollars.
For constructing the court-house at Port-
land, Maine, fifty thousand dollars.
For constructing appraisers' stores at Phila-
delphia, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For remodeling the marine hospital at Chel-
sea, Massachusetts, forty-five thousand dollars.
To complete the building used for court-
house and post office at Springfield, Illinois,
thirty thousand dollars.
For constructing the United States court-
house and post office at Madisou, Wisconsin,
fifty thousand dollars.
For the work on the public building now
being erected at Cairo, Illinois, to be used as
a post office, custom-house, and United States
court-house, ten thousand dollars.
For necessary repairs of the roof and alter-
ations in the building used for a custom-house
and post office iu Chicago, Illinois, twenty
thousand dollars.
To meet outstanding liabilities and complete
the repairs to the custom-house building at
New \ork city, forty-five thousand dollar.-.
To repair or replace corrugated galvanized
iron roofs of buildings under the control of
the Treasury Department, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
WAlt DEPARTMENT.
For rent, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous
