1868.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on account of sales of stamps, with the commissions
on such deposits authorized by law ana tho regula-
tions of the Commissioner, and with such.
And bj inserting in lieu thereof, the fol-
lowing:
Charging in tho account all stamps on hand at the
commencement of, and all stamps received during
the period embraced in, the aeeouut, at the denomi-
nate value thereof, and crediting all moneys deposited
by nun on accountof sales of stamps, including com-
missions authorized by law and the regulations of
the Commissioner on such sales, and with the amount
of such.
The amendment was agreed to«
- The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 99. And be it further enacted, Thafc the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue is authorized, at his
discretion, to supply collectors with ail the stamps
required by them in their several districts, to be
charged to and accounted for by said collectors sev-
erally, as provided by law: and he may sell to any
person, in an aggregate amount of not less than fifty
dollars, any stamps, except stamps for the taxes on
distilledspirits, fermented liquors, and tobacco, snuff,
and cigars, to be paid tor to the Treasurer of the
United States in the manner provided in this act,
allowing to the person so purchasing a discount of
five per cent, on any amount so sold; but the pur-
chaser, in eases where such stamps are represented
by stamped paper, parchment, or vellum, shall be
required to pay thefall eostof the paper, parchment,
or vellum. And any proprietor of articles named in
schedule C, who shall furnish his own die or design
for stamps to be used exclusively for hisown ai tides,
shall be allowed a discount of ten per cent, on any
amount exceeding $500 purchased at one time. The
Commissioner ot Internal Revenue may make gen-
eral regulations respecting allowances to be made
for stamps issued under the provisions of this act,
■which may have been spoiled, destroved, orrendered
useless or unfit for the purpose intended, orforwhich
the owner may have no use, or where the taxes rep-
resented thereby have been paid in error and remit-
ted ; and such allowances shall be made, either by
giving other stamps in lieu of the stamps so allowed
for, or by repaying the amount thereof, after deduct-
ing therefrom the amount of any discouut that may
have been allowed to the owner thereof: but no
allowance shall be made in any case until thes amps
so spoiled, or rendered useless, shall have been re-
turned to the Commissioner of Inteinal llevenue, or
until satisfactory proof has been made showing the
reason why said stamps cannot be so returned.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
word '{aU"-in the third line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to strike
out, in line sixteen, the wordy, "exclusively
for his own articles.11 and insert the words,
" only upon those articles which he owns or of
"which he has the exclusive control.'*
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move further to amend
by striking out the word "useless" in line
twenty-two and inserting the word il absolute."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment to coine in at the end of
the section:
Provided, That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue may, fiom time lo time furnish^ supply, and
deliver to any manufacturer of- friction or other
matches, cigar-lights, or wax tapers, a suitable quan-
tity ot adhesive or otherstamps, such as may be pre-
set ibed tor use in such cases, withqut prepayment
therefor, on a credit not exceeding sixty da vs requir-
ing in advance such security as he may judge neces-
sary to secure payment therefor to the Treasurer of
the United States within the time prescribed f'orsuch
payment. And upon all bonds or other securities
taken by said Commissioner under the provision of
this act, suits may be maintained by said Treasurer
in the circuit or distriet court of the United States
in the several districtswhere any ofthepersonsgiving
said bonds or other securities reside or may be found
in any appropriate form or action.
This amendment is copied from the law as
it now stands.
Mr. ALLISON". We have made a similar
provision. I do not know whether it is in
exactly the same words, I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw the amendment until it can
be compared with the provision thafc we have
reported.
Mr. BEAMAN. I withdraw it.
Tho Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 100. And be it .further en<tefcd. That in any col-
lection district where, in tho judgment ot the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, the facilities for the
procurement and distribution of stamps are insuffi-
cient, he may supply any postmaster iu saeh distriet
without prepayment therefor with stamps not exceed-
ing $200 in the aggregate amount at any one time,
and not including stamps for distilled spirits, fer-
mented liquors, tobaeeo, snuff. or cigars, requiring
from such postmaster a bond, with sufficient sureties,
to be approved by said commissioner, in an amount
equal to doublo the value of tho stamps so furnished,
conditioned "for" the faithful return, whenever re-
quired, of all sueb stamps undisposed of, and for the
payment monthly of a 11 money received for those sold,
which bond shall be deposited with the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury; and in the adjustment of the
accountof such postmaster for stamps so furnished
to and sold by him he shall be allowed a commis-
sion of five per cent, for his services.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am requested by the
managers to ask that the committee may rise
for the purpose of making an order of the
House to discharge Mr. Woolley from custody
immediately. I understand he has been ex-
amined, and the committee are ready to dis*
charge him.
Tiie motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Dawes, as
Speaker pro tempore, having taken the chair,
Mr. Pomeroy reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the special order,
being the bill (H. It. No. 1060) to reduce into
one act and to amend the laws relating to
internal taxes, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
discharge of recusant witness.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, Iam instructed
by the committee of investigation to report
the following resolution:
Resolved, That Charles "W. "Woolley, having ap-
peared before the eommittce of investigation and
answered all questions put to him by the committee
or its order, aud thus purgedhimself of his contempt
of the Ilou^e in that regard, be discharged from
arrest and held only to appear and m- ke further
answer if required according to his summons.
I desire only to say that the witness has
answered fully and distinctly all questions that
have been put to him ; and there seems, in the
judgment of the committee, no further reason
for holding him under arrest, and any further
attendance will be under the summons. On
that, resolution I move the previous question.
Mr. ROBINSON. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. "What was the gentle-
man's hist remark ?
Mr. BUTLER. The last remark was that
there was no further occasion to hold him
except under the summons.
Mr. ROBlNbON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly,- I will yield for
a question—that is all?
Mr. ROBINSON. I want to ask if it is true
that Mr. Woolley was originally arrested by
order of the committee, or any part of the
committee, without the order of this House?
Mr. BUTLER. It is not. lie never was
ordered to be arrested by the committee.
Mr. ROBINSON. It is so stated by Mr.
Woolley.
Mr. BUTLER. I insist on the previous
question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore proceeded to
put the question on seconding the previous
question.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I understand the gentle-
man from New York to have asked the gentle-
from Massachusetts a question which involves
a fact ■ [Cries of " Order !"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
is dividing and no debate is in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I merely desire to ask a
question of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That cannot
be done except by unanimous consent. [Loud
cries of " Object I"]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I supposed that it could
be done by the consent of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. [Cries of " Order I'5]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER pro tempore,. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Lawrence] usks
leave of absence for one week. If there be
no objection it will be granted. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. SCHENCK. What was that? Another
leave of absence ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Lawrence] asks
leave of absence for one week. The Chair so
stated and heard no objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object unless there is
some special "reason for it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the objection comes too late.
A Member. Mr, Lawrence has already
left the city.
Mr._SCHENCK.t Well I do not press the
objection, but I desire to give notice, and 1 do
it m no spirit inimical to anybody, that here-
after when a gentleman goes away lirsfc and
then asks leave of absence of the House, I
shall object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The leave
of absence has been granted.
internal tax bii/l.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the tax bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 1060) to reduce into
one act and to amend the laws relating to inter-
nal taxes. ..
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 101. And be it farther enacted. That if any per- i, y
son having the custody of any plate, die, or other
instrument from which any stamp, or any part there-
of, mentioned in this act, shall have been printed, or
which shall have been prepared for the purpose ot
printing any such stamp, or any part thereof, shall
use such pinto, die, or other instrument, or know-
ingly permit the same to be used for the purpose of
printing any stamp, or any part thereof, exoeptsuoh
as shall be punted lor the use of the United States,
by orderof the proper officer theieof; or if any per-
son shall make or engrave, or cause or prociue to be
made or engraved, or shall aid m making or engrav-
ing, any plate, die, or other mstiumentin the like-
ness or similitude of any plate, die, or other instru-
ment designed for the printing of any such stamp,
or any part thereof; or shall vend, or sell, or buy
any such plate, die, or other instrument; or shall
bring into the United States from any foreign place
any such plate, die, or other instrument, with any
other intei.t, or lor any other purpose, m ciliierea.se,
than that such plate, die, or other instrument shall
be u-sedfor printing suehstamp, orsomepurtor parts
thereof, for the use of the United Scales; or if any
person-hall have in his custody or possession any
plnte, die, or other instrument, engraved after the
similitude of any plate, die, or other instrument,
from which any such stamp, or any part or parts
thereof, shall have been printed, with intent to use
any suoh plate, die, or other instrument, or cause or
suffer the same to be u^ed in forging or couuteueit-
ing any such stamp, or any part or parts theieof,
issued or to be issued as aforesaid; orshall have in
his custody or possession any stamp engraved and
pi in ted alter the similitude of any suieh sui mp issued,
as aforesaid, with intent to sell, or otherwise u«-e tho
same, or with intent to defraud the Unitt d Slates of
any of the taxes imposed by law, orauy part tlnreof;
or if any person shall forge or counterfeit, or cause
or proeuie to be tor-red or counterfeited, any stamp,
die, plate, or otner instrument, or any part of any
stamp, die, plate, or other instrument which shall
have been provided, or may hereafter be provided,
made, or used m pursuance of this act, oi shall lorge,
counterfeit, or imitate, or cause or pruea.o to bo
forged, counterfeited, or imitated, the mipi e-idon, or
any part of the impression, of any such stamp, die,
plate, or other instiument as aforesaid, upon auy
vellum, parchment, or paper; or shall stamp or
mark, or cause or procure to be stamped or marked,
any vellum, parchment or paper, article or thing,
with any such foiged Or counteifeitud stamp, die,
plate, or other instrument, or part of any stamp
die, plate, or other instrument, as aforesaid, w'u'h
intent to defraud the United States of any of the
taxes hereby imposed, or any pait thurooi; or if
any person Miall have in possession, or slnll utter
or sell or buy or offer to sell or oiler to^buy any
veiium, paioilment. paper, article, or thing, hav-
ing thereupon tho impression of any such counter-
feited stamp, die. plate, or other insti anient, or any
part of any stamp, die plate, or oUn-riu-arument, or
any such forged, counterfeited or imitated impression
or part of impression, as aforesaid, knowing the samo
to bo forged, counterfeited or imitated; or if any
person shall knowingly use or permit tho use of any
