1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4093
increase of compensation ; which were leferred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. NYE presented a petition of Robert
B. Rieil. captain United States Navy, praying
to be allowed the retired pay of his present
grade ; which was referred to the Committee
on .Naval Affairs.
111!POUTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ItAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom the subject
was referred, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. G22) to authorize the con-
struction of bridges across the Ohio river. The
bill was read the first time and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Air. RAMSEY. I ought to state that there
are certain blanks in that bill; but the com-
mittee instructed fee to report it at this time
in order to have the report and bill printed,
with a \iew subsequently to the recommitment
of the bill to fill those blanks.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John A.
Wilcox and the memorial of Asa Price, asked
to be discharged from their further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CATTELL, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
G21) authorizing the Manufacturers' National
Batik of New York to change its location, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. U. No. 834) for the relief of Hon. George
W. Bridges, a member of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, reported it without amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. It. No. 1322)
for the relief of Major F. F. Stevens, assistant
paymaster United States Army, reported it
without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (Ii. It. No. 18G5) for the
relief of Captain Thomas W. Miller, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. It. "No. 13GG) for the
relief of Captain A. G. Oiivar, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. YAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Finance, to whom was referred the bill (IT.
It. No. 39) authorizing the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to adjusttheaccountsof Mark
Howard, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MOURIIjL, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Couiineice, reported a bill (3. No.
G23) for the registration or enrollment of cer-
tain foreign-built vessels; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
lie also, from the Committee on Appropri-
ations, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion <VH. It. No. 325) relative to the pay of the
chief clerk in the office of the Sergeant-at Arms
of the House, reported it without amendment-
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a resolution
of a meeting of citizens of Cincinnati, in rela-
tion to the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships and other vessels, submitted a report,
accompanied by a joint resolution (S. It. No.
1(5-2) to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels. The joint res-
olution was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Caleb
Lyon, praying to be relieved from liability for
the loss of certain money stolen from him on
the night of December 13, I860, while on his
way to Washington city to settle his accounts
as Governor ot the Territory of Idaho, asked
to bo discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
Mr. WiLLEY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (II. It.
No. 1320) for the relief of L. Merchant & Co.,
and Peter Rosecrantz, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the CoimmU.ee on
Naval A flail s, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. Ii. No. 832) authorizing the
appointment of examiners to examine and re-
poit upon the expediency of discontinuing the
navy-yard at Charlestown, Massachusetts, arid
uniting the .same with the yard at Kittery,
Maine, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 104) relating to
the ocean mail steamship service between the
United States and China, authorized by act of
Congress, approved February 17,18G5, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred the fol-
lowing message, resolutions, memorials, and
petitions, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration ; which was agreed to :
A message of the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, information in rela-
tion to instructions issued to General Pope and
General Meade on their being assigned to the
command of the third military district;
Resolutions of the Legislature of Kansas iu
favor of a change of the jurisdiction of the
United States courts pertaining to the Indian
country south of Kansas, from the State of
Arkansas to the State of Kansas ;
Resolutions of the constitutional convention
of Texas, in favor of the transfer from the
military commander of fifth military district
to that convention of the power and authority
to appoint and remove registrars for ascertain-
ing and recording the qualified voters of that
State; and
A petition of citizens of Alexandria, praying
the passage of the bill to repeal an act entitled
"An act to retrocede the county of Alexan-
dria, in the District of Columbia, to the State
of Virginia," and for other purposes.
He also, from the same committee to whom
was referred the resolution (S. R. No. 10J pio-
posmg an amefndment to the Constitution of
the United States, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 37) attaching the
Indian territory to the State of Kansas for
judicial purposes, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (Ii. R. No. 2) to repeal
an act entitled '-'An act to retrocede the county
of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, to
the State of Virginia," and for other purposes,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. It. No. 480) in rela-
tion to the pay of grand and petit jurors in
the District of Columbia, reported adversely
thereon, and hioved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same comxittee, to whom
was referred the bill (IT. R. No. 145) in rela-
tion to the district court of the United States
for the northern district of Ohio, reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the following
resolutions, memorials, and petitions, asked
to be discharged from their further considera'
tion; which was agreed to:
A memorial of the Chamber of Commerce
of Charleston, praying that the building known
as the post office may be rented to them for the
purpose of establishing a public exchange and
reading room :
A memorial of J. Sumner Powell, praying
a loan of $2,COO to be secured by a lien on a
farm;
A petition of Samuel Builoek, of Georgia,
praying that he may be allowed to distill spirits
for medical purposes;
A petition of Little & Dana, woolen man-
ufacturers, praying to be relieved from internal
revenue taxes now charged against them and
remaining due and unpaid;
A resolution instructing the committee to
inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill
to provide new bonds to take the place of the
five-twenties as they mature;
Resolutions of the constitutional convention
of Georgia in favor of a loan-of $100,000 by
the Government to the South Georgia and
Florida railroad; and
A resolution of the Senate directing the
committee to inquire into the expediency of
repealing all laws imposing taxes on income
and manufactures.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred a bill (S. No. 480) to provide for
the change of name or location of national
banking associations, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; and a hill (S.
No. 154) to provide for the issue of gold in
place of legal-tender notes, and to facilitate
resumption of specie payment, moved their
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. Ii. No.
225) respecting national banks in liquidation,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
141) requiring the Special Commissioner of
the Revenue to act as Superintendent of the
Bureau of Statistics in the office of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 493) providing
for a reduction of the rate of interest on the
public debt, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be indefinitely
postponed ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refetred the bill (H. R. No. 387) to fix
the compensation of the United States deposi-
tary at Chicago, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, and moved its in-
definite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James F. Joy,
praying such action as will give him the pos-
session of the marine hospital and grounds at
Chicago, Illinois, purchased by him under act
of Congress, asked to be discharged from its
further eonsideiation, and that it be referred
to the Committee on the J udiciary ; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also directed by
the same committee to report back the joint
resolution (IT. Ii. No. 337) continuing the
refining of bullion in the Mint of the United
States and branches. This is already disposed
of by an amendment in one of the appropria-
tion Ijills. I move its indefinite postpone-
ment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am also instructed to
report back a hill (H. R. No. 788) to regulate
the appraisement and inspection of imports in
certain cases, and for other purposes, with an
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
say in behalf of the minority of the Committee
on Finance that when the bill comes up they
will ask leave to make a minority report.
Mr. MORGAN. I would like the chairman
to state that the committee are divided.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment reported
is by a majority of the Committee on Finance.
COMMERCIAL LAWS EXTENDED TO ALASKA. -
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
G19) to extend the laws relating to customs,
commerce, and navigation over the territory
ceded to the United States by Russia, to estab-
lish a collection district therein, and for other
purposes, have had the same under considera-
tion, and directed me to report it back with
amendments, and recommend its passage. I
