1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
2045
the honorable Senator from Missouri whether
he thinks it is proper to invoke the solemn
action of the Senate upon his individual suspi-
cions, without stating to them some' reason-
able Msis for those suspicions ? Shall the sim-
ple employment of- one word for another be
sufficient reason for the basis of suspicion, for
the suspecting of a design and a hidden pur-
pose unrevealed, which should not only move
the action, stir the feelings, and alarm the
apprehensions of the honorable Senator from
Missouri, but should also arouse the apprehen-
sions and the alarm of this entire body? I
submit to the honorable Senator from Missouri
that when lie invokes the action of this body,
he ought to give it some reason for acting in
accordance with his wishes other than his mere
suspicions.
Mr. President, while I am up, I will make
a further remark. If the proposition of the-
honorable Senator be proper, it does not go
far enough. I believe it does not provide for
disrobing the Chief Justice, when he comesdn
here, of his robes. I think it ought to go fur-
ther, if it be proper at all, and it should pro-
vide that the Chief Justice, when he presides
here, shall not wear his gown, because you,
sir, do not- wear one as Presiding Officer of
this body.
Mr. DRAKE. 1 suggest to the honorable
Senator that we might just exactly as well say
that the President of the Senate should not
wear his coat or his pantaloons in the Senate
Chamber.
Mr. SAULSBURY. No, sir ; I hope that
the present Presiding Officer of this body will
never be caught in such.a predicament as that,
and I do not believe he ever will. [Laughter.]
But, sir, if you divest the Chief Justice of
his character as Chief Justice, I suggest that
the Senator should amend his proposition and
say that the Chief Justice shall not wear his
robes when presiding over the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that the Senate
will take up this report, and if it be taken up,
so as to be left the unfinished business, I shall
make no objection to an adjournment.
Mr. DRAKE and others. Oh, no. We can-
not do that.
' Mr. ANTHONY. Then I shall ask for the
yeas and nays on the motion to adjourn. If
the report be taken up I will consent then to
an adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON. The motion to adjourn is
not debatable.
Mr. CONNESS. In view of the statement
just made by the Senator from Rhode Island,
I will withdraw the motion if he will renew it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Maine, to take up for consideration the report
of the select Committee to Revise the Rules of
the Senate.
Mr. DRAKE. On that question I have
asked for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cole. Davis,
Dixon, Doolittlo, Edmunds, Ferry, Fowler, Frelmg-
huysen, Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Howe. Johnson. MeCreery, Morgan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson of Tennessee, Pom-
eroy, ltoss, Saulsbury, Sheuinm.Spra^ue, Van Win-
kle, Viokers. W'ilioy, Williams, and Wilson—31.
NAYS —Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Conness,
Drake, Nye, and Tipton—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Cattcll, Conkline, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Fessenclen, Harlan, Morton, Norton,
Patterson of New Hampshire, Ramsey, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Thayer, Trumbull, Wade, and Yates—IT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Rules
are before the Senate.
report of impeachment trial.
Mr. ANTHONY. Now, before moving the
adjournment, 1 wish to offer a resolution.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved. That tliree hundred copies of the edition
of tho report of the'ims>eachmont trial published at
the Congressional Printing Office be furnished, as
the trial progresses, for the use of the Senate, and
that five thousand copies of the entire work, with an
index, be printed and boundfor the use of the Senate.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 21, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. •
The SPEAKER. By order of the House
the business to-day is to be confined to debate
only, as in Committee of the Whole, on the
President's annual message.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. KERR. On account of indisposition I
do not desire to speak to-day. I ask unani-
mous consent of th<3 House that I may be
allowed the second hour on the next day, when
the House shall.meet as in Committee of the
Whole.
No objection being made it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
Mr. NEWCOMB addressed the House. [See
Appendix.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hamlin,
one of its clerks, announced that that body had
passed a bill (H. R. No. 328) to establish cer-
tain post roads, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
Also, a bill (H. R. No. 832) making appro-
priations for the services of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal yearending June
30, 1869, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
Also, abill (II. R. No. 733) for the relief of
the Navajo Indians at the Bosque Redondo and
to establish them on a reservation, and for other
purposes, with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the House -was requested.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the amendment of the House
to the bill (S. No. 4) for the relief of William
Shunk. '
national finances.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker,- I have seized
the present occasion to make some remarks
upon the great and pressing question of the
hour—the financial problem. Its importance
is not likely to be overestimated nor its diffi-
culties prove of easy solution. This has been
in every age and country "the grand ques-
tion." Every scheme of war or administra-
tion resolves itself at once into a question of
finance. They who triumph here are victorious
everywhere, and they who fail in this fail alto-
gether. It is not possible to teach good morals
successfully to those who are starving for bread,
nor can we inspire a people with high regard
for national honor and good faith while the
maintenance of these seems fairly beyond their
power. It is the business of the statesman to
point out the way for realizing most from the
national resources and for applying them in
such manner as to accomplish the greatest
result with the least waste. The best intelli-
gence of the country is now being earnestly
applied to this subject, and there is good rea-
son to hope that the true solution may be
reached. Taking up the questions involved
in their logical order we are led first to con-
sider, and, if possible, to answer the question,
what are the evils under which the nation
labors? A perfectly correct answer to this
question would, no doubt, suggest the sufficient
and complete remedy. Some of these evils are
apparent to the most casual observer, while
others are .deeply hidden, and therefore more
dangerous. They are all to be traced directly
to the great civil war through which the nation
has passed. There is a natural exhaustion
after so. great a strain upon the national re-
sources—a powerful reaction which ought not
to surprise any sensible person, and probably
does not.
As its first legacy the-war has left us a great
national debt. To many it seems in its mag-
nitude appalling, and to all a matter of most
serious concern. It is a debt for which we
have nothing to show. It was incurred in the
preservation of the national life, and measures
the destruction and waste of war. Unlike the
debts incurred in the great enterprises of peace,
which show forth the energy and power of the
people in the line of improvements and devel-
opment, it is but an evidence of poverty. Bat
the debt itself is not by any means the sum of
the impoverishments occasioned by the war, if
it is even the greatest of them. Nearly a mil-
lion of men, mostly from the laboring classes,
were either killed outright or so disabled as to
be no more fit for the industries of theeountry.
This was a prodigious loss in an economical
point of view. The laborers of the country are
its principal source of wealth. Our producing
power has been greatly diminished by this im-
mense sacrifice. The implements of their in-
dustry lie idle now that the'hands that held
them have ceased to move. We have also left
to us a disorganized industry in many of its
branches unnaturally stimulated by the un-
usual demands of war, while in others too much
disused to give place to the more profitable
employments of the time.
Attendant upon these evils als.o is - a disor-
dered and depreciated paper currency, itself one
of the greatest of our misfortunes. Gold and
silver have gone out of use as a circulating
medium, and appear only in the price-list as an
article of merchandise. Prices are rendered
unstable, labor unremunerative, and trade mere
speculation, because there is no longer a uni-
form standard of values. The result of this has
been that manual labor has fallen into disre-
pute. The fields are unfilled to a great extent,
while the cities and towns are over-crowded
with an eager multitude, all making haste to be
rich in some more rapid and genteel way than
following the plow. The great staple products
of the soil maintain enormous prices, even for
such times as these, and the cost of living is
almost too heavy to bear. Looking at the his-
tory of the past six years it is not only not to
be wondered at that we encountered some em-
barrassments at this time, but it is truly mar-
velous that our embarrassments are so light.
With an enormous debt bringing with it a tax-
ation wholly without example in this country;
with a disorganized industry seeking to adapt
itself to the altered state of things; with an
irredeemable paper currency inflating prices
and sending doubt and distrust everywhere,
what hinders the coming in of total bankruptcy
and ruin ? Nothing but the patriotism, endur-
ance, sublime faith, and energy of the people,
and these will be found sufficient. In the light
of the past I look hopefully toward the future.
The recuperative power of the nation is won-
derful, the ingenuity and enterprise of our people
without a parallel, and the field for develop-
ment such as the world has never witnessed.
The national resources will be found more than
equal to every demand upon them. Though
our burdens are heavy they are not heavier
than we can bear. Nay, they are much lighter
than those we have already borne. All wo
need is to observe the plainest principles of a
sound political economy, and apply carefully
and wisely the means within our reach to the
redemption of the national obligations. As
to details there may be differences of opinion,
and very likely they may be found in many
instances quite unimportant, but as to the main
purposes to be kept in view there can be but
one opinion among intelligent, honest men.
The argument before the people may be con-
fused somewhat by ingenious politicians whose
only object is success, but its clearness and
force cannot be broken. There is a party out
of power which wants desperately to get in.
If it should darken counsel by bold assump-
tions of falsehood and cunning evasions of the
truth it need not uurprise and should not
