1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
decision so utterly in conflict with the theory |
maintained here, that the Senate cannot ex- 1
elude a rebel or cannot prescribe an oath of
office that would exclude rebels, that I cauuot '
resist reading a few of them:
" The subject is the execution of those groat powers
on which the welfare ot a nation essentially depends.
It must have been the intention of those who grave
these powers to insure, as far as human prudence
could insure, their beneficial execution. This could
not be done by confining the choice of means to such
li.irrow limits not to leave it in the power of Con-
gre « to adopt any which might be appropriate and
which were conducive to the end. This provision is
made in a Constitution in tended to endure for ages to
eouie, and consequently to be adapted to the various
crises of human affair*. To have prescribed the
means by which Government should in all futuro
tune execute its powers would have beeu to change
entirely the character of the instrument, and Rive it
the properties of a legal code. It would have been
an unwise attempt to provide by immutable rules
tor exigencies which, if foreseen at all, must have
been seen diiuly, and which can behest provided for
as they occur. To have declared that the best means
shall not be used would have beeu to deprive the
Legislature of the capacity to avail itself of experi-
ence. to exercise its reason, and to accommodate its
legislation to circumstances."
Those who say that we should find a con-
stitutional provision tor every movement of the
Army, and that Congress has no discretion in
exercising the power necessary to carry into
force the other provisions of the Constitution
and to maintain the Government, are justly
denominated constitutional demagogues.
" If we apply this principle of construction to any
of the powers of the Government we shall find it so
pernicious in its operation that we shall be compelled
to discard it. The powers vested in Congress may
certainly be carried into execution without prescrib-
ing an oath of office."
Here is what Chief Justice Marshall says of
the oath of office:
" The power to exact this security for the faithful
performance of duty is not given, nor is it indis-
pensably necessary. The different departments may
be established; taxes may be imposed and collected:
armies and navies may be raised and maintained;
and money may be borrowed, without requiring an
oath of office. It might be argued with as much
plausibility as other incidental powers have been
assailed that the Convention was not unmindful of
this subject. The oath which might be exacted—that
of fidelity to the Constitution—is prescribed, and no
other can be required. Yet he would be charged
with insanity who should contend that the Legisla-
ture might not superadd to the oath directed by the
Constitution such other oath of office as its wisdom
might suggest."
Then, in discussing the powers of the Gov-
ernment to establish a corporation here, he goes
on to say that it is one of the convenient modes
of carrying into execution the powers expressly
granted, that Congress is the judge of the means
to the given end ; and he says it they were not
allowed to judge of it in that case they would
not be allowed to judge of it in any others;
and by way of argument instances the very case
of the oath of office. He says the oath of office
is prescribed in the Constitution, but a man
would be insane to say that further additions
could not be applied to that oath. This was a
consideration of the question when there was
no excitement upon this point. The question
comes up by way of illustration as being an
exceedingly plain one.
Then 1 say it was perfectly competent for
Congress to establish a rule and to provide an
oath for its protection against the enemies of
the country. It will not be applied to ordinary
political questions. It is only urged against the
enemies of the country. This oath is but the
rule by which we are to determine the question,
and as we have undertaken to investigate the
propriety of taking the oath in limine, as we
nave done this, I say we have no right to sit
by and throw the responsibility now upon Mr.
Thomas to take the oath, if he chooses to do so.
The responsibility is upon us. The oath is a
rule that we have prescribed by which we will \
protect the Senate in the necessary exercise of«(
those powers to preserve the Government which J
are i mplied in every line of the Constitution and |
given in express words where it says that Con- :
gress shall have power to pass all laws necessary
to carry into effect the provisions of the whole
instrument. But, in addition to that, we have
submitted a constitutional amendment, which I
maintain is now a part of the Constitution, upon
as high authority and upon as just principles as
any part of our legislation or any of our acts
of authority since the rebellion commenced. I
believe I can show that the adoption of this
constitutional amendment rests upon the same
exercise of authority, the same theory, that \
allowed us to pass laws after the South had
seceded; that allowed a pordon of the States to
elect a President of the United States and carry
on the Government; that allowed us to submit
the first constitutional amendment abolishing
slavery; and allowed us to adopt it. I believe
that the States now represented in Congress
have all the authority vested in the United States
by the Constitution. I might call the attention
of Senators to the particular language that au-
thorizes an amendment to the Constitution.
Certainly if we could submit a constitutional
amendment, if there were States enough to sub-
mit it, it necessarily follows there were enough
to adopt it. The Constitution says:
" The Congress, whenevertwo thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to
this Constitution, or, on the application of the Legis-
latures of two thirds of the several States, shall call
a convention for proposing amendments, which, in
either case, shall bo valid to all intents and purposes
as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Le-
gislatures of three fourths of tho several States, or
by conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one
or the other mode of ratification may be proposed by
the Congress."
The very first line of the provision requires
that there shall be a vote of two thirds of both
Houses of Congress. Another section of this
same Constitution provides what shall compose
the two Houses of Congress. It says that the
members of the lower House shall be chosen
in the several States—all the States. It says
that no State shall be deprived of its equal rep-
resentation in the Senate. If any objection can
be urged against the complete ratification of
this constitutional amendment, it can be con-
tended with the same plausibility that it has
not been submitted at all. That is the position,
as I understand, of the Johnson party; that is
the position of Mr. Johnson, that inasmuch as
there were not two thirds of both Houses vot-
ing for the proposition it could not be submit-
ted ; that we were not a Congress entitled to
submit it; and three fourths of all the States
not having ratified it, it is not a part of the
Constitution.
] Now, in the first instance, we must explain
why we had a right to propose it without hav-
ing two thirds of all the States represented here;
we must explain why we acted with eleven States
absent. That proposition must be explained .to
vindicate our right to submit the constitutional
amendment at all. When we go into that vin-
dication we are forced to show that those States
are not entitled to representation, are not loyal
States, have no such State organizations as
entitle them to the right to carry on this Gov-
ernment. If that be true shall the Government
stop? You have decided that it should not;
President Johnson decided that it should not
I stop; that the States that were left should carry
on the Government. But how did it happen
that all the States were not represented? There
is so much confusion about that point, how that
happened, how they happened not to be here,
&c., that I wish briefly to express my views
upon this important question.
We agree that a State had no legal right to
secede, that it had no right to destroy any law
of Congress or to deprive the Government of
the United States ofits jurisdiction over the en-
tire territory. It is also true that a man has no
right to commit murder, but still the fact some-
times occurs. Although they did not deprive
the United States of exercising this jurisdic-
tion but temporarily, only until the United
; States could conquer them, although they were
i unable to deprive the United States of the juris-
i diction over the territory, unable to secede, to
carry their States out, and setup an independ-
ent organization, they did something with those
States; and what was it? They overthrew the
loyal State governments and put them out of
existence. They usurped and exercised every
function of local State government. Those
organizations that usurped the place of the
States were not in harmony with the Govern-
ment of the United States. That all will admit.
They were at war with the Government of the
United States. They were not entitled at that
time to sue iu our courts or to be represented in
Congress—I believe all parties agree to that—
for the reason that they were rebel organiza-
tions which had usurped the authority there.
Then what follows ? Before they were entitled
to take part what must be done? Something
must be done. If it is admitted that there was
a time when South Carolina had no State gov-
ernment which was not entiiled to be repre-
sented here and exercise the functionsofa State,
it mustbe admitted that there mustbe something
done in order to entitle some organization there
to be heard, for there was no organization in
South Carolina during the rebellion entitled to
be represented in Congress or to sue in the
courts. After the close .of the rebellion Mr.
Johnson took the position that there were no
State organizations in the South. He treated
these rebel organizations as nullities. He was
correct in that. Then if they were nullities
something must be done; some organization
must be had which would have a practical
relation with the Union. Practical relations
must be restored. They were broken off.
These States, then, were not entitled to be
heard. But if something must be done some-
body most judge when that something was
done. That is plain. If something had to be
done there must be some power in the Gov-
ernment to determine the fact when those
States were organized, so that they could be
recognized as States in the Union and partici-
pate in the Government of the country. Mr.
Johnson says he is the one to ascertain and
determine that fact; that he can set them up;
that he has the power. Whoever heard of an
Executive whose duty it is to execute the laws
having a policy? What discretion has he in
the execution of the laws? He is sworn, like
all other officers, to execute the laws. He has
no policy, no legislative control. Some say
that the Supreme Court must determine whether
this revolution is ended.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. STEWART. Not now. I shall be
through in a moment. Some say the Supreme
Court must determine this fact; that they
must determine when the rebellion is closed.
If they had jurisdiction of the matter why did
they not issue an injunction to stop the rebel-
lion ? If they had jurisdiction of the whole
matter to determine what these States ought
to do, why did they not interfere and save five
hundred thousand Union lives? They con-
trol political events! In no Government ever
organized was the judicial power allowed to
control political events and consequences.^ No
one ever thought of intrusting them with juris-
diction over political affairs. The party_ hav-
ing power to control must exercise the juris-
diction. It is not lodged in the Supreme Court.
It is not lodged in the Executive, because he
has no legislative functions. Where is it ? The
only power that has legislative functions to
determine legislative questions is Congress.
The Constitution places in Congress the jpower
to determine political questions and in no
other body. They must have jurisdiction over
this matter. Congress is the only department
of the Government to which a similar juris-
diction is intrusted. It admits new States.
It provides for the organization of States. It
has a policy. It has control of this jnatter.
It represents the people. It is the only de-
partment of the Government to whom the
Constitution intrusts the authority to establish
a policy. ..... .
Then, if Congress has jurisdiction of this
matter, it is the duty of Congress to determine
whether these are States in the sense used by
the Constitution; whether they are States to
participate in making your laws, to participate -
in submitting constitutional amendments, to
participate in the ratification of those amend-
ments. Is Congress to determine that ques-
tion? When you admit the jurisdiction of
Congress you have admitted the whole ease,
