546
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSION A.L GLOBE.
[July 25,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United Slates.
the recommendation of the Secretary of War,
in book of estimates of appropriations, pages
two hundred and forty-four and two hundred
and forty-five, two hundred and ninety-six
thousand nine hundred and forty-three dollars
and eighty-eight cents: Provided, That section
fifteen of an act entitled '"An act to incorporate
the city of Washington and to repeal all acts
heretofore passed for that purpose," approved
May fifteenth, eighteen hundred and twenty ;
and section three of an act approved May fifth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-i'our, entitled "An
act to amend an act to incorporate the inhab-
itants of the city of Washington, passed May
fifteenth, eighteen hundred and twenty," are
hereby repealed; and no improvements of the
streets, alleys, avenues, or other property of
the United States in the city of Washington,
authorized by said act, which is to be paid for
by the United States, shall hereafter be made
until an. appropriation shall have been made
therefor, and such appropriation, when made,
shall be expended under the direction of the
chief engineer of the Army.
Sec. 3. Andbeitfarther enacted, That here-
after no contract shall be entered into for the
erection, repair, or furnishing of any public
building, or for any public improvement what-
ever, which shall bind the Government to pay
a larger sum of money than the amount in the
Treasury appropriated for the specific purpose.
And if any officer of the Government shall know-
ingly contract for the erection, repair, or fur-
nishing of any public building, or for any public
improvement which shall bind the Government
to pay a larger amount than the specific sum
appropriated for such purpose, such officer
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and,
upon conviction thereof by a court of compe-
tent jurisdiction, shall be punished by impris-
onment not less than six months nor more
than two years, and shall pay a fine of two
thousand dollars.
Sec:. 4. And be it further enacted, That all
laws making an appropriation for the payment
of the salaries of the solicitor, assistant soli-
itot-, and deputy solicitor of the Court of
Claims, and of the Assistant Attorney General,
for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-nine, be, and the same
are hereby, repealed; and that there bo, and
hereby is, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the salaries of two Assistant Attorneys Gen-
eral, one clerk, and two clerks of class four,
for the fiscal year ending J une thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, twelve thousand four
hundred dollars.
Approved, July 25, 1868.
Chap. CCXXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
the loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to adopt and ratify the compromise
and agreements entered into and executed on
thetwentieth and twenty-first of April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, between the legally
authorized representatives of the Choctaw and
Chickasaw nations of Indians, and the legally
authorized representative of the loyal Choctaw
and Chickasaw Indians, claimants under the
forty-ninth article of the treaty of April twenty-
eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, between
the United States and the Choctaw and Chick-
asaw Indians, as a full and final settlement of
all claims under the aforesaid article of said
treaty. And the amount as stipulated in the
aforesaid agreements to be paid to the loyal
Choctaw and Chickasaw claimants, to wit: to
the Choctaw claimants the sum of one hun-
dred and nine thousand seven hundred and
forty-two dollars and eight cents, and to the
Chickasaw claimants the sum of one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars shall be paid by
the Secretary of the Interior to said claim-
ants, out of any moneys in the Treasury of
the United States belonging to, or held in
trust for. said nations of Indians; but in case
there is nota sufficient amount of money in the
Treasury of the United States belonging to, or
held in trust for, said nation of Indians, to dis-
charge their respective obligations to the loyal
Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, (claimants,)
or in case the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations
of Indians shall request it, then the Secretary
of the Interior is authorized and directed to sell
such bonds or other securities held in trust by
the United States for the Choctaw and Chick-
asaw nations of Indians as may be necessary
to discharge their respective obligations to
the aforesaid loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw
claimants, as stipulated in the aforesaid com-
promise and agreements: Provided, That no
bonds or securities shall be sold for less than
par: And provided further, That no payments
shall be made nor bonds delivered under the
provisions of this act except in every case to
the person actually entitled in his own right to
receive the same; nor shall any contract or
power of attorney relating to the same be re-
garded or held as of any validity unless signed
and executed after the passage of this act:
And provided also, That the bonds of the State
of Indiana held by the United States shall not
be sold under the provisions of this act.
Approved, July"20, 1868.
Chap. CCXXXV.—An Act to provide a Tem-
porary Government for the Territory of
Wyoming.
Be it enacted bythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all that part of the
United States described as follows : commenc-
ing at the intersection of the twenty-seventh
meridian of longitude west from Washington
with the forty-fifth degree of north latitude, and
running thence west to the thirty-fourth merid-
ian of west longitude, thence south to the forty-
first degree of north latitude, thence east to the
twenty-seventh meridian of west longitude, and
tlienee north to the place of beginning, be, and
the same is hereby, organized into a temporary
government by the name of the Territory of
Wyoming: Provided, That nothing in this act
shall be construed to impair the rights of per-
son or property now pertaining to the Indians
in said Territory, so long as such rights shall
remain unextinguished by treaty between the
United States and such Indians: Provided
further, That nothing in this act contained
shall be construed to inhibit the Government
of the United States from dividing said Terri-
tory into two or more Territories, in such man-
ner and at such time as Congress shall deem
convenient and proper, or from attaching any
portion thereof to any other Territory or State.
Sec. 2. And be it "further enacted, That the
executive power and authority in and over said
Territory of Wyoming shall be vested in a Gov-
ernor, who shall hold his office for four years,
and until his successor shall be appointed and
qualified, unless sooner removed by the Presi-
dent of the United States with the advice and
consent of the Senate. The Governor shall
reside within said Territory, shall be com-
mander-in-cliief of the militia thereof, shall
perform the duties and receive the emoluments
of superintendent of Indian affairs, and shall
approve all laws passed bythe Legislative As-
sembly before they shall take effect, unless the
same shall pass by atwo-thirds vote as provided
in section six of this act; he may grant pardons
for offenses against the laws of said Territory,
and reprieves for offenses against the laws of
the United States, until the decision of the
President can be made known thereon : he shall
commission all officers who shall be appointed to
office under the laws of said Territory, and shall
take care that the laws be faithfully executed.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That there
shall be a secretary of said Territoryjwho shall
] reside therein and hold his ■ office for._ fou^
years, unless sooner removed by the President
of the United States, with the consent of the
Senate; he shall record.and preserye.ali the
laws and the proceedings ..of, the Legislative
Assembly hereinafter constituted, and all acts
and proceedings of the Governor in his exec-
utive department; he shall transmit one copy
of the laws and one copy of the executive
proceedings on or before the first day of De-
cember in each year to the President of the
United States, and, at the same time, two
copies of the laws to the Speaker of the House
of Representatives and tag-President of the
Senate for the use of Congress ; and in case
of the death, removal, resignation, or other
necessary absencc of the Governor from the
Territory, the secretary shall have, and he is
hereby authorized and required to execute and
perform, all the powers and duties of the Gov-
ernor during such vacancy or, absence, or until
another Governor shall be appointed to fill such
vacancy.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
legislative power and authority of said Terri-
tory shall be vested in the Governor and Legis-
lative Assembly. The Legislative Assembly
shall consist of a council and house of rep-
resentatives. The council shall consist of nine
members, which may be increased to thirteen,
having the qualifications of voters as herein-
after prescribed, whose term of service shall
continue two years. The House of Represent-
atives shall consist of thirteen members, which
may be increased to twenty-seven, possessing
the same qualifications as prescribed for mem-
bers of the council, and whose term of service
shall continue one year. An apportionment
shall be made by the Governor as nearly equal
as practicable among the several counties or
districts for the election of the council and
house of representatives, giving to each sec-
tion.of the Territory representation in the ratio
of their population, (excepting Indians not
taxed,) as nearly as may be ; and the members
of the council and house of representatives
shall reside in and be inhabitants of the dis-
tricts for which they may be elected, respect-
ively. Previous to the first election the Gov-
ernor shall cause a census or enumeration of
tlie inhabitants of the several counties or dis:
tricts of the Territory to bo taken, and the first
election shall be held at such times and places,
and be conducted in such manner as the Gov-
ernor shall appoint and direct; and he shall at
the same time declare the number of the mem-
bers of the council and house of representa-
tives to which each of the counties or districts
shall be entitled under this act. The number
of persons authorized to be elected, having the
highest number of votes in each of said coun-
cil districts for members of the council, shall
be declared by the Governor duly elected to
the council; and the person or persons author-
ized to be elected having the greatest number
of votes for the house of representatives equal
to the number to which each comity or district
] shall be entitled shall be declared by the Gov-
ernor to be elected members of the house of
representatives: Provided, That in case of a
tie between two or more persons voted for. the
Governor shall order a new election, to supply
the vacancy made by such tie vote. And the
persons thus elected to the Legislative Assem-
bly shall meet at such place and on such day as
the Governor shall appoint; but thereafter the
time, place, and manner of holding and con-
ducting elections by the people, and the appor-
tioning the representation in the several coun-
ties or districts to the council and house of
representatives, according to the population,
shall be prescribed by law. as well as the day
of the commencement of the regular sessions
of the Legislative Assembly: Provided, That
no one session shall exceed the term of forty
days, except the first, which may be extended
to sixty days, but bo longer.
