662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
because, if Congress alone lias jurisdiction, it j!
matters not whether it decides right or wrong,
whether the policy is correct or not; it is un
exercise of power giveu by the Constitution.
You may object to laws because you think them
impolitic, but you dare not disobey them if they
are within the scope of the legislative author-
ity. There Congress has jurisdiction; and
Congress has determined that the practical re-
lations which were broken off by war, which
these rebel States, although without power to
secede, did destroy by violence and fraud and
rebellion, were not restored, and that tor no
purposes were they States within this Union
with the right to control its political destinies.
Having declared that, and having decided that
the Government shall go on and exist, as we
must and as we have done, then we are clear
of all the rubbish, and the same principle
that allows us to legislate and carry on the
Government without those States which have
broken off their practical relations and have no
right to be heard allows us to do anything that
the Constitution permits, and to amend it and
perfect it as the exigencies of the case de-
mand. We have submitted a constitutional
amendment; three fourths of the States enti-
tled to be heard have ratified it; and I con-
tend that it is a part of the Constitution of the
United States. Being of that opinion, I pro- ,
pose to examine it and see how it bears on this
question. It provides that—
"No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress, or elector of President and Vice Presi-
dent, or hold any office, civil or military, under tha
United States, or under any State, who, having pre-
viously taken an oath as a member of Congress, or as
 n officer of the United States, or as a member of any
State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial offi-
cer of any State, to support the Constitution of the
United States, shall have engaged in insurrection or
rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort
to the enemies thereof; but Congress may by a vote
oftwo-thirdsof each House remove such disability."
Now, I think there is as plain a disqualifica-
tion in this Constitution as anything that can
be written. Mr. Thomas, by his sympathies
and by his associations, did much. They col-
ored his subsequent transactions. By them
\  (_■ could not judge him. A man could not be
excluded for his sympathies and associations i
unless there were evidence of participation ; i
but amid all his care to keep himself within
the letter of the law he did overstep the mark
and committed the overt act. He sent a son
to the rebel army and gave him $100 to aid in
destroying this Government, and to fight upon
the battle-field against the son of the northern
man and the northern mother, as dear to them
as this son was to him. If he believed in this
Government he should have reflected that the
best blood of this nation was being poured out
for its preservation. He should have reflected
that the young man sent to fight against his
country might shoot down the favorite son of
some poor widowed mother. He should have
reflected on all that; but no; his only reflec-
tion was the danger of his sonrs being hurt.
His arguments were all of that character. The
only appeal that he made to his son was his own
danger. He did not tell him of the crime he
proposed to commit. If that young man had
been properly reared, if he had been taught to
love his country and defend it, it would have
been very easy to manage him. There would
have been no necessity for harshness; but when
you appeal to a young man and say, " there is
danger of your being hurt," a proud man is
disgusted with such an appeal. You must
place something higher and nobler before a
young man than that if you are to deter him
from going into the army. I say his appeals
to him on the ground of personal danger were
paltry and calculated to make the young man
go into the army. If there was no other rea-
son what proud-spirited young man would not
go? Mr. Thomas is responsible for the whole
thing. He gave the $100, he sympathized
with the rebellion, and the Constitution says
that if he has given aid or comfort to the rebel-
lion he shall not hold a seat in this body; and
I am prepared to vote against him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say a few
words in relation to the case pending before
the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I presume the Senator
from Wisconsin would hardly like to go on
with his remarks at so late an hour.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall complete all I
desire to say in ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think we had better
adjourn and allow the honorable member to
go on to-morrow, if he will permit me.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I yield to the Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not my purpose to
request the Senate to vote upon this question
to-day; but I rise to say to the Senate that I
will, if the Senate will indulge me in it, solicit
them to vote in the course of to-morrow. The
Senate is now thin. Many members have left
here understanding that the vote would not be
taken to-day, but I hope they will all be in
their seats to-morrow. The honorable mem-
ber from Wisconsin, perhaps, would serve the
side which ho is about to advocate, as I under-
stand, more effectually if the Senate shall be
more full than now; and therefore, with his
permission, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 21, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXPORTATION OF AMERICAN WHISKY.
Mr. BUTLER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read
considered, and agreed to:
Hetolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be requested to flevise some measure by which dis-
tilled spirits of American manufacture may be ex-
ported under the laws.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask leave to report from the
Committee on Freedmen's Affairs a very short
resolution which ought to be passed at this
time in order to accomplish the good it seeks
to do.
Mr. WOOD. I demand the regular order j
of business. i
Mr. ELIOT. Let it be read.
Mr. WOOD. I object.
reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 439)
additional and supplementary to an act enti-
tled "An act to provide for the more efficient
government of the rebel States," passed March
2, 1867, and the amendments pending thereto,
upon which the previous question has been
seconded and the main question ordered.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] has moved to reconsider the vote by
! which the main question was ordered, and the
yeas and nays have been ordered on that mo-
tion.
I The question was taken ; and it was decided
j in the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 75, not voting
' 30; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos 11. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bald-
win, Banks, Beck, Benton, Broomall, Burr, Butler,
Cake, Chanler, Churchill, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Dawes, Donnelly, Driggs,
Ela, Eldridee, Ferry,Fields, Fox, Get/,Glossbrenner,
Gofiaday, Gravely, Grover, Harding, Hooper, Ilotcli-
kisf, Humphrey, Hunter, Johnson, Jones, Judd,
Julian, Kelley, Kelsey, Kerr, Knott, William Law-
rence, Logan, Loughridge, Maynard, McCarthy,
MeCormick, Mereur. Morgan, Mullins, Mungen,
Newcomb, Niblack, Nicholson, Nunn, Perham, Rob-
ertson, Ross, Sehcnck, Shanks, Sitgreaves, Spald-
ing, Aaron F. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor,
Thomas, John Trimble, Lawrence S. Trimble, Robert
T. Van Horn, Van Trump, Van Wyek, Ward, Wil-
liam Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, Wood,
and Woodbridge—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Bailey, Baker, Barnes,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Bout-
well,Boyer, Bromwell, Brooks, Buekland, Cary, Cul-
lom, Dixon, Dodge, Eekley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Ferriss, Garfield, Griswold, Haight, lligby,
Holman, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester 1).
Hubbard, Richard D.Hubbard. Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, Lincoln, Marshall, Mar-
vin, Miller, Moore, Moorhead, Morrisaey, Myers,
O'Neill, Ortli, Paine, Pike, Pile, Plants, Poland,
Polsloy, Pomeroy, Price, Sawyer, Scolicld, Selye,
Smith, Starkweather, Stewart, Taber, Trowbridge,
Upson, Van Aernain, A'anAuken, Burt vim Horn,
Ondw.-lnder 0. Washburn, Elihu 11. Washburne,
llenry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn. Welker,
Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson, and Wood-
W'N0t 'VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Birnum, Cook,
Cornell, Covode. Finney, llalsey, Hawkins Hill,
llullnird, Latlin, George V.Lawrenee, Loan, Lynch,
Mallory, MeClurg, McCulloush, Morrell, Peters,
l'lielps, Pruyn, Randall, Ram, Robinson, Shclla-
bsirger, Stokes, Stone,Taffe, Twichell, and John 1.
Wilson—30.
So the vote by which the main question was
ordered was reconsidered.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MAYNARD said : I am requested by
my colleague, Mr. Stokes, who was granted
leave of absence yesterday, to say that had he
been here he would have voted for the bill and
for the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Butler] which is involved in
this vote.
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: I rise to a question
of order. I insist that the vote now being taken
is in violation of the order of the House in re-
gard to this bill.
The SPEAKER. The roll-call cannot be
interrupted, as the gentleman well knows. The
point of order should have been made before
the commencement of the roll-call.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the question recurred upon
ordering the main question ; and being put, the
House refused to order the main question.
! Mr. BUTLER. I propose now to offer tins
amendment of which I spoke yesterday, and
then I desireto move the previous questiou upon
the pending amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction and upon my amend-
ment.
Mr. WOOD. Is it in order to move to lay
the amendment upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first state
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that in
order to arrive at his object, as his amendment
is not an amendment to either of the amend-
ments reported by the committee, he should
first move the previous question on the amend-
ments reported by the committee, and, after
they are disposed of, the gentleman can then
offer his amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, I move the previous
: question on the amendments reported by the
j committee. I have no objection to them.
I Mr. WOOD. Is it in order to move to lay
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butleu] on the table?
The SPEAKER. That amendment is not
now pending. The pending amendments are
those moved by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bixgham] on yesterday.
Mr. WOOD. I give notice that when that
amendment is offered I will move to lay it on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay an
amendment on the table, if carried, will take
the bill with it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the bill
and pending amendments on the table ; and
upon that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 43, nays 122,
not voting 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Barnes, Beck,
! Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler, Eldridge, Fox,
Getz, Glossbrcnner, Golladay, Grover, Haight, Hol-
man, Hotehkiss, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall, McCormiek,
Morgan, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblack, Nicholson,
Phelps, Pruyn, Ross, Sitgreaves, Stewart, Stone,
Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auhsn, Van Trump,
Wood, and Woodward—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Dclos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buekland, Butler, Cake, Churchill, Reader W.Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dawes,
Dixon, Dodse, Donnelly, Driggs, Eekley, Eggleston,
Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields. Gar-
field, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Harding, Higby,
Hooper, Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, Hunter, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Kelsey, Ketcham, Kitchen, Koontz, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge, Marvin,
