1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4095
before the acquisition of the territory by the
United States, made very wise provisions on
the subject, giving certain privileges to a com- !
pany which was then in power in that terri-
tory, which resulted in the protection of these
animals from indiscriminate slaughter. Unless
we adopt some similar plan, there will be great
danger of an indiscriminate slaughter of these
animals. Unless a privilege be granted to
some party or company or companies to exer-
cise supervision over these animals, I do not
know how there can be any way to prevent the
slaughter of them. If all parties are allowed
to go in and kill them indiscriminately, they
will be destroyed or driven away from the
islands where they resort, and there will be a
total loss to the whole country and to com-
merce of that product. It is clear to my mind
that some agency will have to be adopted by
the Secretary and the President by which to
afford this protection.
I am not speaking on behalf of any partic-
ular company, but rather on behalf of all com-
panies who are interested in this, and on behalf
of the country at large. I think the amend-
ment had better not be adopted ; that the Sec-
retary, with the consent of the President, may
be allowed to exercise such means as he may
see fit to adopt for the protection of these
animals. I think the Senator from Nevada
will withdraw the amendment upon this state-
ment of the case. Certainly there must be
some agency by which to carry out this plan
of protecting those animals.
Mr. STEWART. There is no difficulty in
making rules and regulations for their protec-
tion, but I should hate to place it in the hands
of the President and Secretary, remote from
the localities, without the facts before them to
exclude any business company that is now en-
gaged in that traffic. I should hate to have
that power placed in their hands. I would
rather that no special privileges be granted
this year; thatregulations be made for the pro-
tection of the animals, and that Congress may
consider the matter, after a careful investiga-
tion, at the next session. I think that is the
fairest thing to all parties.
There is one company that have invested a
very large amount of money in buying ships
aud are in the trade, and they want special
privileges; but the thing has not been suffi-
ciently investigated, and cannot be at this ses-
sion. There are several others who want
special privileges who have not money invested.
I think it will be safer to leave the whole thing
as it is, with regulations for the protection ot
the animals, and let Congress be fully advised
when any special privileges are granted. The
Secretaiy will not be, in four months, in a
position to ascertain so as to do justice, but
may send somebody nut to examine. _ To grant
special privileges would work hardship to those
engaged in the business. I think it would be
entirely better for him simply to make his
regulations in advance. He can get the ma-
tenal from which to make regulations from the
reports of the Russian Fur Company, showing
the regulations that the Russians had for the
protection of these animals. It will be very
easy for the Secretary to get those regulations,
and" from them to make regulations and send
them out there and have them enforced. That
countrj is in charge of the military, and it will
be very easy to enforce the regulations. They
can be made out in a single day trom authentic
reports. The Russian Government have the
best safeguards that can possibly be put over
these islands to protect these animals. Let
the Secretary adopt those and have them en-
fotvtd by the military until next ycarj and I
think nobodv will object.
Mr. CORBETT. What the Senator from
Nevada complains of ! as been stricken from
the bill on purpose to guard against that, leav-
ing it to the Secretary of the Treasury to make
such rules and regulations for the protection
of these furs as he may think best. _ H he gives
privileges at all they are special privileges. If
lie leaves it entirely open lie may leave it open
to people who will not protect the interests of
that trade, men who are intemperate, who will
go in and commit an indiscriminate slaughter
upon these animals. If the Senator from Ne-
vada desires to accomplish that he can say that
no special privileges to companies shall be
granted. He will have to give special priv-
ileges to individuals certainly, unless it is to be
left entirely open for every one, and they can-
not control it at all. I think the amendment
had better be withdrawn and leave the matter
to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. MORTON. I am in favor of this amend-
ment and opposed to conferring monopolies or
special privileges upon any corporation in the
way of collecting furs. We have seen the effect
of granting monopolies to these large corpora-
tions in that part of British America controlled
by the Hudson Bay Company, which has liter-
ally prevented that country from being settled.
But, Mr. President, it is very important that
there should be stringent regulations to prevent
the destruction of these fur-bearing animals
out of season. I would have very much pre-
ferred that this bill should contain those regu-
lations, made them a matter of law, and pro-
vided appropriate and even severe penalties.
I doubt whether regulations made by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury will be successful iu
preventing the destruction of these animals.
The regulations ought to be a matter of law,
contain penalties to be enforced by the courts,
or in such a way as might be provided for.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me, this is intended only as a temporary
measure to prevent the destruction of the
animals until Congress can perfect such a law
as he suggests. I will accept the amendment
of the Senator from Nevada to this substitute
and let it pass. It is merely a provision for
four months.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
N evada.
Mr. COLE. I cannot acquiesce 111 the
amendment. Very early in this session I in-
troduced a joint resolution, Senate resolution
No. 110, relating to this subject. It is a sub-
ject upon which I have been furnished with
very considerable information. I know the
great necessity there is for protecting these
animals, and unless the Secretary or the Gov-
ernment is able to establish some agency to
afford protection to them, there will be an in-
discriminate slaughter of them. TheSecretary
can prescribe rules which all companies and
all persons can adopt, but I feel quite certain
that any such restriction as that which is put
upon the bill by the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada will result in the complete
destruction of these animals. It, is necessary
that there should be some parties interested,
if you please, in protecting them, in order that
the protection shall be afforded. I shall there-
fore vote against the amendment, although the
chairman of the committee seems willing to
acccpt it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The question being put, it was declared that
the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that. I think it is very irn-
uortant.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask that the amendment
be again reported.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to insert
at the end of the substitute 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Read the whole of the
proposed amendment.
The CuiEi'' Clerk. The committee report
to strike out the seventh section of the bill and
to inseit:
That until Congress shall otherwise provide by law
the Secretary of tho Treasury, with the approval of
the President, shall liave power to prescribe such
rules and regulations as he may think proper m re-
lation to the killing and to the preservation ot the
fur-beaiing animals from indiscriminate slaughter.
I It is proposed to add to the amendment the
following proviso:
Provided, That no special privileges shall be
granted under this act.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this
question the yeas and nays are demanded.
_ Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no ; let us have a
division.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to—ayes twenty-seven,noes not counted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
tenth section of the bill.
'The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
line five, to strike out "one hundred" and
insert "twenty-five" before "thousand;" so
that the clause will read :
And the sum of $25,000 is hereby appropriated from
any unappropriated money in the '.Treasury to carry
this act into effect and meet the expenses of collect-
ing the revenue from customs within the limits of
the said territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the eleventh
section, to strike out the words "and the ports
of delivery established under this act by the
Secretary of the Treasury may, at his discretion,
be discontinued or changed to different local-
ities."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
DIRECT TAX IN INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by _ the
Committee on Finance to report back the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 829) to amend the four-
teenth section of the act approved July 28,
18GG, entitled "An act to protect the revenue,
and for other purposes." This joint resolution
simply extends the time for assessing and col-
lecting the residue of the direct tax in the late
insurrectionary States, until the 1st of Jan-
uary next. It is a House resolution, and if it
is to pass at all it ought to be passed now. I
therefore ask that it be put on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to amend the fourteenth section of
the act approved July 28, 1800, entitled " An
act to protect the revenue, and for other pur-
poses," so as to extend the operation thereof
until January 1, 18(59.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
vacancies in executive departments.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of tho
Senate to tho amendment of tho liou«e to tho bill
of the Senate No. 352. to authorize the temporary
supplying of vacancies in tho Executive Depart-
ments. having met, after full and free conference
have agreed to recommend, and do rscommend, to
their ic-pectivo Houses as follows:
That tho House of Representatives recede from its
disagreement to the first amendment of the Senate,
and agree to the same.
That it recede from its disagreement to tho second
amendment oi the Senate, and a^ree to the same
amendment, as follow*: strike out tho word "and"
after the word "first" and insert the words "and
third " after the word "second;"' and that tho Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from its disagreement to
the third amendment of the Senate, and agree to tho
same, with an amendment addmg thereto the iOuow-
ing -words: "and in any such ease it shall bo tho
duty of the President to make such designation
without delay;" and that the Senate^afree to tho
same I/Of A ST TRUMBULL,
Same" GEORGE VICKERS,
Managers on the part of the Senale.
GEORGE S. B0UTWELL,
JAMES I?. WILSON,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE 1-11051 THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 202) to
i create the office of surveyor general in the
