1868.
THE OOJfGRESSIOKAt GLOB®.
3071
instruments, matters, or things, or any of them, shall
be written or printed, by any person or persons, or
party who shall make, sign, or issue the same, or for
whose use or benefit the same shall be made, signed,
or issued, the several amounts of money set down in
figures against the same, respectively or otherwise
specified or set forth in the said schedule; the pay-
ment of which amounts shall be indicated and proved
by adhesive stamps to be affixed to such instruments,
matters, and things, and canceled in the manner
and form prescribed by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal llevenue.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the remaining paragraphs of section one hun-
dred and two will be considered as separate
sections.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly. , .
The Clerk then read as follows:
Schedule B.
Agreement or contract, other than domestic and
inland bills of lading, and those specified in this
schedule; any appraisement of value or damage, or
for any other puriose; for every sheet or piece of
paper upon which either of the same shall 6e writ-
ten, five cents; Provided, That if more than one
appraisement, agreement, or contract shall be writ-
ten upon one sheet or piece of paper, five cents for
each and every additional appraisement, agreement,
or contract.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to strike out the para-
graph just read.
Mr. Chairman, I think it is hardly necessary to
levy this tax. This tax and the one that follows
it are both of the same character. The amount
is not so material as the trouble occasioned by
it. I presume that gentlemen who have been
acquainted with the business of the courts of
the country will have observed that there is a
vast amoun t of litigation constantly growing out
of this little five cent stamp which is required
to be applied to contracts. Most generally
they are drawn up by persons who are not
skilled in the art of drawing contracts and have
not much knowledge of the law. In a great
many instances they do not put on the stamps
as they are required to do by law ; in others
they put them on wrongly. Now, the object
of my amendment is simply to seewhether the
committee think upon the whole it is best to
retain such a tax. I make the motion in
accordance with my own judgment on this sub-
ject that these petty, annoying, and trouble-
some taxes which do not produce a great deal
of revenue, had better be dropped out of our
internal rvenue system. My experience has
been that this is one of that kind. And the same
objection applies to the stamp tax in the next
paragraph, required to be put on receipts and
various documents which are used in the com-
mon course of business among persons who
are not skilled in these transactions. They are
a matter of a great deal of annoyance, and I
believe that the amount which is received from
this source is not a compensation for the annoy-
ance they occasion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish the millemum had
come, Mr. Chairman, so that we could do with-
out any tax altogether. But I do not think it
can be done yet. While I recognize the force
of the remark made by the gentleman from
Michigan, that the stamp tax is a troublesome
one, 1 recognize in a little stronger degree the
absolute necessity of having the $18,000,000
which we derive from stamps as a part ol the
revenue which has helped us hitherto, and
upon which we count now in order to be able
to carry on the operations of the Government
Unwilling to extend this system of stamps, and
hoping 1'or a day not many years distant, as I
trust, when we maybe able to dispense not only
with this but with the tax on incomes, legacies,
and many other tilings, provided Congress and
the people will sustain us in the attempt to make
up from distilled spirits, tobacco, and other
articles what we need for the support of the
Government, we have thought it best not to
make any change in the law now. We have
not extended it in any degree whatever. And
I take this occasion to say here that this sched-
ule B is reported back with some sections
ameliorating, in some respects, some of the
hardships that occur. Those provisions will
be found at the close of the pending schedule,
but so far aa the schedule itself is concerned
it is without alterations. I therefore consider
it a sort of test question, when this objection
is made, to be submitted as such to the com-
mittee at the threshold whether we are going
to sustain the stamp system at all.
Mr. CULLOM. What amount of tax is now
collepted on these stamps?
Mr. SCHENCK. We cannot separate these
from some others which are sold to be applied
to the articles contained in schedule C; but
taking them altogether, the amount of stamps
sold in the last year was $16,094,000.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. How much of that
was for stamps of the denomination of five
cents ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I cannot tell. They are
not given separately in the report of the Com-
missioner. We have endeavored to get the
separate amounts of the different items, but
it seems to be impossible to obtain them with
any degree of approximate certainty even.
One of the most numerously sold stamps is
the two cent stamps. ■ The sales of that alone,
as I understand, amounted to about $2,000,000.
Of the five cent stamps, however, I under-
stand, that not so large an amount in the
aggregate has been sold.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment of Mr. Blair was dis-
to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bank check, draft, or order for the payment of any
sum of money whatsoever, drawn upon any bank,
banker, or trust company; and for any sum exceed-
ing ten dollars drawn upon any other person or per-
sons, companies, or corporations, at sight or on
demand, two cents.
Mr. WELKER. I move to strike out ten
dollars and insert twenty dollars.
I want to make this clause correspond with
an amendment which I shall propose in the
next paragraph and make it twenty dollars
instead of ten dollars. I think that is small
eiiough.
The amendment was disagreed to.
No further amendments being offered, the
Clerk read the next paragraph, as follows:
Bill of exchange, (inland,) draft, or order for the
payment of any sum of money not exceeding $100,
otherwise than at sight or on demand, or any prom-
issory note, (.except bank notes issued for circulation,
and checks made and intended to be forthwith pre-
sented, and which shall be presented to a bank or
banker for payment,) or any memorandum, check,
receipt, or other written or printed evidence ot an
amount of money to be paid on demand, or at a time
designated, for a sum not exceeding $100, five cents.
Mr. WELKER. I move to amend that para-
graph by inserting after the word "money" in
line thirty-four; the words "above the sum of
twenty dollars and," so that it will read: "bill
of exchange, (inland,) draft, or order for the
payment of any sum of money above the sum
of twenty dollars and not exceeding $100,
otherwise than at sight or on demand," &e.
I propose to exempt from this stamp tax all
notes, checks, <fcc., for a less sum than twenty
dollars. Now, I feel the force of the remark
made by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Blair,] that a stamp tax on these small com-
mercial papers is a very annoying and trouble-
some tax. I see the necessity of a preservation
of the stamp tax on some classes of papers, but
on the execution of little promissory notes
and receipts and checks for a less sum than
twenty dollars, it strikes nie that we can very
well get rid of the tax. These stamps are not
very easily procured at a distance from the
couuty seats where the collectors reside. Take
my own county, for example, many of the
business men are situated ten, twelve, or fif-
teen miles from the county seat and a stamp
is required for every little note for the sale of
a. cow and every small business transaction.
This tax amounts in the aggregate to but very
little. I can see a necessity for keeping the
stamp tax on some classes of papers, but I hope
the committee will be willing to exonerate these
small notes from the operation of the stamp
duty.
Mr. HIGBY. Would it not be possible for
a man owing a sum of $500 to give small notes
for the amount and thus escape the tax ?
Mr. WELKER. I do not think the tax
would be very likely to be evaded in that way.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest to the gentleman
that he had better propose the same amend-
ment in line forty-two.
Mr. ALLISON. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. This is only a tax of five
cents on notes, &c., for a less amount than
$100. It has existed for several years in this
schedule, and the people understand it very
well, and it is very useful to the Government.
Mr. CULLOM. Is not this a change from
the old law ?
Mr. ALLISON. I think not. This para-
graph is in relation to promissory notes.
Mr. CULLOM. And checks. I think it is
a change from the existing law.
' Mr. ALLISON. It is precisely the existing
law with reference to promissory notes and
checks. The committee were very careful to
make no changes in this schedule for the reason
that the people of the country thoroughly under-
stand the schedule now. Every insurance
company has published this schedule on its
cards, and nearly every business man and the
people are familiar with it. It is a very small
tax in detail, but a very large sum to the Gov-
ernment in the aggregate. I hope my friend
will not insist on his amendment. We have a
provision in this bill which will obviate one of
the objections he makes; it authorizes every
postmaster in the country on certain conditions
to sell stamps, so that a good deal of the diffi-
culty now experienced in obtaining stamps will
be obviated.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word 11 sum," inline
forty-two, the words,'' exceeding twenty dollars
and."
The CHAIRMAN. That is not an amend-
ment to the pending amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Wei.ker's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WELKER. I now move to insert on
page 42, after the word "sum," the words
"above twenty dollars and;" so that it will
read:
Or any promissory note, (except, bank notes issued
for circulation, and checks made and intended to bo
forthwith presented, and which shall be presented
to a bank or banker for payment,) or any memoran-
dum. check, receipt, or other written or printed evi-
dence of an amount of money to be paid on demand,
or at a time designated, for a sum above twenty dol-
lars and not exceeding S1O0, five cents.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move to insert the words
" over ten dollars and." At present a man ia
charged five cents on every small matter of a
dollar or two.
Mr. ALLISON. Nobody gives a note for
one dollar.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. LOUGHRIDGE. I move to add to the
paragraph the following proviso:
Provided, That promissory notes for less than $100
not drawn by or upon any bank, banker, trust com-
pany. or any company or corporation, shall not be
required to have a stamp affixed.
I propose this amendment for the purpose
of avoiding a great deal of trouble to which
the people in the country are now put in
drawing promissory notes, &c. As has been
remarked here, the people in the country, espec-
ially in the West, have not these stamps on hand
all the time. The income from this source is
but a small matter compared to the inconveni-
ences and trouble to which such a provision
subjects the people.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. I think it will be far better
for us to retain this whole stamp section as it
! now is until we can relieve the country entirely
! or nearly so from this stamp duty ; anil to
undertake to relieve it only insosmalla partas
this would be of no particular advantage to the
people.
The amendment of Mr. Loughridge was not
agreed to.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I move to amend the
clause last read by striking out the words "and
checks made and intended to be forthwith pre-
