1888.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2047
thai the Government was at that time so terri-
bly in want of money that we were compelled
to make a great many fine promises that it
is no.w very inconvenient to keep. The fact
is, you got altogether too good a bargain out
of us, and you are getting quite too rich in
consequence of it. We have got the power in
our own hands now. In fact, we are a very
great nation, (thanks to the money you fool-
ishly loaned us,) and can do as we please. We
conclude not to pay you at all, as we agreed
to. As for the bouds, they are of no account.
But we do not intend to leave yon wholly with-
out consolation ; yon shall have greenbacks in
exchange. Of course, you will lose the inter-
est entirely hereafter; but that was necessary
because that is the precise thing that troubles
us at present. Perhaps the greenbacks may
not be worth much, since there will be such a
vast volume of them, but at least they look
well, and some people think they are better
than gold. At least they will stay with you,
because nobody will 'export them.' "
This will, at least., be candid, and if a little
humiliating still readies the main chance. Jt
offers a short and easy method of disposing of
the public debt, which only needs to be ex-
tended to the ordinary business of life to make
its beauties completely manifest. A law to
this effect would need only one addition to
make it perfect, and that is a proviso forbid-
ding forever the redemption of the "green-
backs." It is wonderful that such a scheme
should ever have commanded the attention of
any considerable number of people for a day,
and can only be accounted for upon the prin-
ciples of that sort of political strategy which
has faith only in knavery, and that party cow-
ardice which fears to speak the truth lest the
people should refuse to heed it.
Sir, there can be nothing more fatal to all
true statesmanship than this ill-founded dis-
trust. I shall advise to nothing but the most
scrupulous fulfillment of all our obligations.
If I had no respect for honesty I would do
this upon the principles of enlightened self-
interest. The national credit has a money
value far greater than all that can be gained
by these repudiation projects. It may hap-
pen that our liepublie may again be compelled
to be a great borrower, but who would take
our loans if we seek excuses to evade the just
performance of our present obligations. What-
ever the proper remedy for our national ills
may he it is certain that greenback payment
is no remedy for anything. It is an empty de-
lusion, a transparent snare. No form of words
can conceal its plain purpose, nor can the
loudest mouthing cheat the financial world
into a belief in its honesty.
Closely connected with the political scheme
of greenback i-edemption of the five-twenty
bonds, and forming really a material portioft of
it, is a fierce onslaught upon the bondholders
as a class. It is most natural that those who
intend to defraud the holders of the Govern-
ment securities out of their just dues should
seek first to render those holders odious to the
body of the people. - Hence they are furiously
denounced as "Shylocks, rolling in wealth"
wrung from the hard earnings of the people by
oppressive taxation ; aristocrats, made rich by
fat contracts and political corruptions. In
answer to these vague and unmeaning denun-
ciations, I cut from a newspaper (the Iron Age
of March 12) a brief but true history of the
loan, which shows clearly who are these odious
bondholders:
"A suggestive word or two upon tliehistory of that
loan. liefore the bonds could be prepared, the pres-
sure—not of the millionaire bankers, but of the
people—at the agencies in New York, Philadelphia,
and Boston, was unprecedented by any instance of
popular exoitemcnt. At New York, $800,000 in one
clay, oil the ith of September, wns deposited with the
sub-Treasurer, to await thepreparatioa-of the bonds.
On theSth his clerical force was notsutfietentto count
the cash thrown upon them, lie was obliged to
arrange with the banks for the issue of the bonds over
their counters, when they were afterward received.
On the 12th of September the Herald said: 'The
office of thesub-Treasmerin Wall street is everyday
besieged, even before the doors are open, by crowds
hastoning to enroll theirnamesamongthosepatriots
who are nobly responding to their country's call.
.The loan still continues to increase regularly at the
previous rate of halt amillion a day. As an instance
of the universality of thosubs-.riptionit may be men-
tioned that one man who contributed $800 was unable
to write his namel'
."In the other principal cities of the loyal States
similar scenes were witnessed. At the Philadelphia
agency, about two millions were deposited with Mr.
Jay Cooke upon his receipts as subscription agent,
to be cxchangedfor bonds when they should beready,
anticipating their delivery fuliy six weeks. He, too,
was obliged to employ additional clerks to receive
and count the cash which the crowd pressed upon
their hands. On Saturday nights, to accommodate
the laboring men of the city wno thronged his office,
U was kept open till nine o'clock.
"Someideaol'the distribution among theclasses may
be formed from the proportion of the several denom-
inations issued. The whole number of bonds issued
was 485,608; of these the number of fifty dollar bonds
was 104,518; oi'$100was 194,141, togethermaking3<t8,659
—within a fraction of seventy-two per cent, of the
whole; 71,708 were of the denomination of SoOQ, and
only 65,251 of 81,000 and $5,000—a little more than
one eighth of the whole number in such sums as
might indicate capitalist purchasers!
" But again, thofive-twenty bond of 1862—the very
loan in particular upon which the war against the
bondholders is raised—was distributed in the follow-
ing proportions: thebondsfor$198,000,000of tliisloan
numbered 850,269; of these 99,396 were for S50; 252,508
fur 8100; and 155,905 for $500. Money was plentier
in 1862, and the industrial classes could so a grade
higher in their purchases than in September, 1801;
their proportion to the capitalist class stood a shade
below sixty per cent, of the whole number. The
thousand-dollar men amounted to thirty-nine per
cent, and a fraction, and the five and ten thousand
dollar subscribers to less than one per c£nt. of the
whole number, and to only eleven per cent, of the
amount subscribed.
"The seven-thirties issued in 1864 and since bear a
similar character. In a published letter of Mr. Jay
Cooke, under date of 26th February, 1858, the follow-
ing account is given of them:
*' It is not generally known how large a proportion
of the securities of the United States are held by
people of moderate means for the investment of
their savings. Wo have not at hand the precise fig-
ures of the denominations in which the several series
of five-twenties were issued, but the following state-
mentshows the number of notes of each denomina-
tion embraced in the issue of the seven-thirty Treas-
ury notes, which are now being converted by the
Treasury into five-twenty bonds. In these conver-
sions the Treasury has never been able to supply
enough small bonds to adequately meet the d eraand:
962,580 50-?  S-48,129,000
1,-174,9-10 100s  1-17,494,000
436,792 500s  219,896,000
370,376 1000s  370,376,000
8,824 5000s  48,106,000
3,256,509 $830,000,000
" 'These figures will give an approximate idea uf
the amount in which all the five-twenty bonds of the
Government are held.
" 'Til cy show that one half of theloanin amount was
taken in fifties, one hundreds, and five hundreds,
and further, that as 2,877,813 pieces of these three
denominations were issued against 371,197 pieccsof
the largo denominations the capitalists are in very
small minority, and any legislation repudiating, in
whole or in part, the obligation of the bonds of the
Government would fall most severely upon widows,
orphans, and people of small capital who invested
their money in those securities in peifect reliance
upon the representations made to them by thcTreas-
ury Department, directly and through its agents, at
the lime of their issue.'"
Let Horatio Seymour also testify who are
the holders of the bonds. In his speech to the
State convention at Albany, on the 11th of
March, he says:
" On the other hand, the bonds so unwisely, waste-
fully issued have gone into the hands of innocent
holders, who, to avast amount, are compulsory own-
ers. It is a mistake to suppose that they are mostly
held by capitalists. Large sums belonging to child-
ren and widows, under the order of courts or the
action of trustees, have been invested in Government
bonds. The vast amounts held by fire and life insur-
ance companies and savings banks are, in fact, held
in trust for, and are the reliance of, the great body
of active business and laboring men or women or of
widows and orphans. The savings banks of this
State, which are the depositaries of the poor or of
persons of limited means, hold about sixty million
dollars of Government bonds. The whole amount
held in the State of New York, in the various forms
of trust, will not fall below 8200,000,000. If we look
into other States we shall see that only a small share
of these bonds are held bymcn known as capitalists;
but they belong, in !act, if not in form, to the busi-
ness men, the active and the laboring members of
society. The destruction of these securities would
make a wide-spread ruin and distress, which would
reach into every workshop and every district, how-
ever humble."
Wholly rejecting this scheme, then, as both
dishonest and useless, what measures of relief
can Congress adopt with a reasonable hope of
success?
And this question is to be answered as any
sensible business man would answer it in his
own affairs. It consists -wholly in a rigorous
reduction of expenses and a careful husband-
ing of resources. The common sense of the
country has already reached the right conclu-
sion. There are no mere schemes of finance
that can help us at all. We must begin by
going earefully through our national household
and cutting away remorselessly every useless
expense. This being thoroughly done, the
result will surprise the country. It is not to
be denied that Congress has fallen into habits
of lavish expenditures for the last five years.
Vast sums of money have been voted with an
easy recklessness that never could have ob -
tained under a sound financial system. Men
could hardly be expected to be prudent when
the Treasury was supplied by a machine which
required to feed it nothing more expensive
than thin paper.
The whole system of borrowing, made easy by
means of'' hydraulic printing presses,'' must be
abandoned entirely and a prudent system of
paying substituted for it. Let us agree at once
that there shall be no further increase of the
national indebtedness in any form, and write
this determination upon the door-posts of the
Capitol. This is the first and most essential
step toward a permanent and wise system of
finance. It will restore confidence and inspire
hopefulness in the public mind. The people
will see that we are traveling a safe road and
in the right direction. They know it leads
directly to the desired haven of specie payment
and convertible paper. Having done this, the
next step is to cutoff every unnecessary expend-
iture, and thus reduce the aggregate expenses
of the Government to the lowest point consist-
ent with good and vigorous administration.
This will enable us to reduce the internal taxes
to such an extent as to lift the entire burden
from the useful industry of the country, and
will be found a prodigious gain every way.
Manufactures and trade will revive, and the
cheerful sound of busy industry will again be
heard in the silent workshops. The great herd
of idlers who have crowded into the cities in
pursuit of gain without work will, to a gieat
extent, finding their occupation gone, disperse
to the fields of labor that will invite them. My
belief is that this one measure of relief is worth
more than all the other schemes talked of here
and elsewhere put together. It is practical
and immediate m its operation, and is subject
to no test of opinion.
The next great need of the country, and es-
pecially of its laborers, is a sound currency
of equal value at all times and in all places.
That this cannot be made of irredeemable
paper it seems needless to assert outside of a
madhouse, and yet we have witnessed the
spectacle in this House of a Democrat eulo-
gizing Andrew Jackson and at the same time
declaring that pictorial promises topay money
are in fact money. We are compelled to-be-
lieve that the financial theories of that party
have undergone the same wretched demoralisa-
tion as its fidelity to liberty and the Union.
The combined judgment of the civilized na-
tions of the world, acting upon the experience
of ages, has determined that gold and silver
shall alone constitute money. It is possible to
make something else than actual money a legal
tender in payment of debts, whether it be
paper, corn, or any other commodity, but
these things are not therefore money. They
are made to serve the uses of money to a cer-
tain extent, and are popularly called such, but
do not in fact constitute money any more than
do the bills of exchange issued by individuals,
and which actually perform so many of the
uses of money in the operations of trade. To
restore a sound currency, then, is to reestablish
specie payments. But to do this evidently time
will be required. We can no more return to
specie payments at once than we can at once
restore the wastes and ravages of war. It is
a work of growth. Still, we can be steadily
approaching that result and not going in the
opposite direction further and-further from it.
Whatever tends to promote the general pros-
perity of the country will advance this great
