664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Shanks, Thaddeus Stevens. Taylor, Thomas, John
Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward,
William Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, anil Win-
dom—
KAYS — Messrs. Archer, Axtell, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Barnes, Barnum, Beaman, Beck, Bou.iamin,
Benton, Bingham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, lioyer,
Bromwell, Brooks, Buekhiml, Burr, Chanler, Cook,
Cullom. Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Kg^leston, Eldridge,
Eliot, Farnsworth, l'erriss. Fox, Garfield, GeU, (iloss-
brenner, Golladay.Griswold, Grover, Ilaight, llalsey,
Holman, Hooper, Hopkins, llotehkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, ChesterD. Ilubbard, Richard D.Hubbard,
llulburd, Humphrey, lngersoll, jenckes, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Keteham, Knott, ICoontz, Lincoln, Mar-
shall, Marvin, McCarthy, Miller. Moore, Moorhead,
Morrissey. Mungen, Myers, Niblaek, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomero.v, Price, Pruyn,
Robertson, Ross, Sawyer, SeofieM.Sitgreaves, Smith,
Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart,
Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge,
Twiehell, Upson, Van Aernani, Van Aukcn, Burt
Van Horn, Van Trump, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
Elihn B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
Thomas Williams, James F. WiUon, John T. Wil-
son, Wood. Woodbridge, and Woodward—112.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Ames, Cornell,
Covode, Finney, Hawkins, Hill, Laflin, George V.
Lawrence, Loan, Lynch. Mallory, McCormiek, Mc-
Callough, Morgan. Morrell, Randall, Robinson, Selyo,
Shellabarger, Stokes, Taffe, and William B. Wash-
burn—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CAKE said: My colleague, Mr. Mor-
rell, is absent. He would have voted " no"
on the amendment and "ay" on the bill. He
is paired with my colleague, Mr. Randall, who
desired to vote "no."
Mr. VAN TRUMP. My colleague, Mr.
Morgan, is unavoidably absent. He would
have voted "no" if he had been here.
Mr. WARD. My colleague, Mr. Laflin,
was compelled to go South on account of the
serious illness of a relative.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas* and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 45, not
voting 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benjamin, Benton, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Blair, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buckland, Cake. Churchill. ReaderW. Clarke,Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cullom, Dawes, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Ela,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield,
Gravely, Griswold, Halsey, Harding, Higby, Hooper,
Hopkins, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Hunter. Ingersoll, Jenckes, Judd, Julian,
Kelley, Relsey, Keteham, Kitchen, Koontz, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Logan, Loughridge, Marvin,
Maynard, McCarthy, MeClurg, Mereur, Miller,
Moore. Moorhead, Mullins, Myers, Neweomb, Nunn,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike, Pile,
Plants, Poland, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price,Raum, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, Selye, Shanks,
Smith, Spalding, Starkweather, Aaron F. Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, Thomas, Trowbridge,
Twiehell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Van Wyck, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Henry D.Washburn, William B.Wash-
burn. Welker, Thomas Williams, William .Williams,
JamesF.Wilson, John T.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Cary, Chanler,
Eldridge. Fox.Getz.Glossbrenner, Golladay, Grover,
Haight, Holman, Hotchkiss, Richard D. Hubbard,
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Knott, Marshall,
McCormick, Morrissey, Mungen, Niblaek, Nichol-
son, Phelps, Pruyn, Robinson, Ross, Sitgreaves,
Stewart. Stone, Taber, Lawrence S. Trimble, Van
Auken, Van Trump, Wood, and Woodward—45.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. feutler, Cornell, Covode,
Finney, Hawkins, Hill, Laflin, George V. Lawrence,
Loan. Lynch, Mallory, McCuilough, Morgan, JVfar-
rell, Randall, Shellabarger, Stokes, Taffe, John Trim-
ble, and Elihu B. Washburne—20.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call—
Mr. CAKE repeated his statement that his
colleague, Mr. Morrell, was absent and was
paired with Mr. Randall. The former would
have voted "ay" and the latter "no."
Mr. V AN TRUMP. My colleague, Mr. Mor-
gan, is unavoidably absent. He would have
voted " no" if present.
Mr. IvETCHAM. My colleague, Mr. Laf-
i,ix, is absent on account of the sickness of his
brother. If present he would have voted in
the affirmative.
The result having been announced as above
recorded, *
Mr. Wood and Mr. Bingham rose.
The SPEAKER recognized the latter.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the previous ques-
tion on the title of the bill.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman yield for
an amendment?
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I submit that I
had the floor.
The SPEAKER. Both gentlemen rose at
the same time and the Chair recognized the
gentleman from Ohio, who was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. WOOD. Will the gentleman allow the
amendment to be read? If it is objected to I
will withdraw it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I decline to yield.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the title of the bill was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to reconsider the
votes by which the bill was passed and the title
adopted; and also moved to lay the nlotion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
transfer of laborers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to offer a resolution to
| transfer some laborers from the folding row
I to the laborers' row. It is a matter of con-
jTvenience to the Doorkeeper, who asks that
* this order be made:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of this House be
authorized to transfer four laborers from the folding
i row to the laborers' row from the 1st of January:
! Provided, That no additional expense be thereby
I, incurred.
The resolution was agreed to.
change of reference.
On motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on the Judiciary
was discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of N. H. Coverdale, of Dela-
ware, for relief from penalties for failure to
fulfill a contract with the Navy Department;
and the same was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
report of the commissioner of revenue.
Mr. ELA, from the Committee on Printing,
reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of this
House ten thousand extra copies of the report of the
Special Commissioner of Revenue, with all the ap-
pendices, and one thousand copies for the use of the
Treasury Department.
unitkd states ten-forties.
Mr. LOGAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish for the use of
this House as soon as practicable a statement show-
ing the amount of United States ten-forty bonds
issued or disposed of by the Treasury Department
since the 1st day of October, 1867,"the dates and prices
at which they were sold, the names of the persons to
whom they were sold, and the amount of commis-
sions, if any, paid for such sales and he names to
whom they were paid, together with the reasons
which, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, rendered it expedient to withdraw so large an
amount of currency from the business of the country;
and that he be further requested to report to this
House what action has been taken by his Depart-
ment concerning the withdrawal of any five-twenty
United States bonds held by the United States Treas-
urer to secure the circulation of the national banks
and the substitution therefor of United States ten-
forty bonds, and his reasons for Buch action.
relief of southern destitution.
Mr. ELIOT, bv unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Freedmen's Affairs, reported
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 171) for the relief
of destitute persons in the South; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of War to issue for the relief of any and all
classes of destitutes in the South such desic-
cated potatoes and desiccated mixed vegetables
as have accumulated during the war and are
not needed for the use of the Army; the same
to be issued under the direction of the Com-
missioner of the Bureau of Refugees, Freed-
men, and Abandoned Lands.
Mr. ELIOT. I will say that this resolution
meets the approbation of the commanding offi-
cer and of the committee unanimously.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
kentucky contested election.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections,
to whom were referred the credentials of John
Young Brown, claiming to be a Representative
in the present Congress from the second dis-
trict of Kentucky, and the memorial of Samuel
E. Smith, claiming to have been duly elected
as such Representative, have instructed me to
submit a report, accompanied by a series of
resolutions. I ask that the resolutions be read,
and that the report be laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed for future action.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, That John Young Brown, having volun-
tarily given aid, countenance, counsel, and encour-
agement to persons engaged in armed hostility to the
United States, is not entitled to take the oath of office
as a Representative in this House from the second
congressional district of Kentucky, or to hold a seat
therein as such Representative.
Resolved, That Samuel E. Smith, not having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast for Representative
in this House from the second congressional district
of Kentucky, is not entitled to a seat therein as such
Representative.
Resolved, That the Speaker be directed to notify
the Governor of Kentucky that a vacancy exists in
the representation in this House from the second
congressional district of Kentucky.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. KERR. On behalf of the minority of the
Committee of Elections, to whom the case just
mentioned was referred, I submit a report,
and ask to have it printed with the report of
the majority. At the proper time I will offer
such resolutions as, if adopted by the House,
shall supersede those reported by the majority.
The minority report was received, laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed with the
report of the majority.
election contest m'kee vs. young.
Mr. DAWES. I also rise to what I deem to
be a question of privilege. I observed upon the
desks of members this morning a paper which
was prepared for the use of the Committee of
Elections and under their directions, printed
by their order at the expense of the Govern-
ment, to be used in a hearing of a case still
pending before the committee, and which
without their knowledge has been put upon
the tables of members.
Perhaps it would be of but little conse-
quence were it not for the fact that, although
this paper was prepared by the direction of the
committee, it was prepared under peculiar cir-
cumstances, and the contents of it were not
known to the committee until it appeared
upon the tables of members this morning. I
allude to what purports to be a brief of Mr.
Young in the case of McKee vs. Young.
It is a rule of the Committee of Elections
to require parties contesting before them to
prepare a brief of their points and authorities,
which the committee have always caused to be
printed for their use at the expense of the Gov-
ernment. In this case it was not convenient
for Mr. Young to have his brief in readiness
until after his argument.
In this paper, printed after the argument, and
thus put npon the tables of members without
the knowledge of the committee, I find that
