4096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
Territory of Utah and to establish a land
office in said Territory, and extend the home-
stead and preemption laws over the same.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bill and joint
resolution of the Senate:
A hill (S. No. 550) for the relief of Robert
Ford; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 113) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register to the British-built brig
Highland Mary.
The message also announced that the House
bad passed a hill (H. 11. No. 424) amendatory
of an act, entitled " An act for the relief of cer-
tain drafted men," in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions ; and they were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore
of the Senate:
A bill {S. No. 3;"i5) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Missouri river, upon
the military reservation at Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas ;
A bill (S. No. 550) for the relief of Robert
Ford;
A hill (II. R. No. 202) to create the office
of surveyoi general in the Territory of Utah,
and to establish a land office in said Territory
and extend the homestead and preemption
laws over the same ;
A bill (H. It. No. 1353) for the removal of
disabilities from certain persons therein named;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 113) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue an
American register to the British-built brig
Highland Mary.
LOYAL CHOCTAWS AND CHICKASAWS.
Mr. THAYER. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have under consideration the bill (II.
It. No. 1878) for the relief of the loyal Choc-
taw and Chickasaw Indians, and liave directed
me to report it back without amendment. I
ask to have it considered at this time.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to adopt and ratify the compromise and agree-
ments entered into and executed on the 20th
and 21st of April, 1868, between the legally
authorized representatives of the Choctaw and
Chickasaw nations of Indians, and the legally
authorized representative of the loyal Choctaw
and Chickasaw Indians, claimants under the
forty-ninth article of the treaty of April 28,
1866, between the United States and the Choc-
taw and Chickasaw Indians, as a full and final
settlement of all claims under that article of
the treaty. And the amount as stipulated in
these agreements to be paid to the loyal Choc-
taw aud Chickasaw claimants, namely, to the
Choctaw claimants the sum of $]0'J,742 08,
and to the Chickasaw claimants the sum of
$150,000, is to be paid by the Secretary of the
Interior to the claimants out of any moneys
in the Treasury of the United States belonging
to or held in trust for these nations of Indians;
but in case there is not a sufficient amount of
money in the Treasury of the United States
belonging to or held in trust for these nations
of Indians; to discharge their respective obliga-
tions to the loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw In-
dians, claimants, or in case the Choctaw aud
Chickasaw nations of Indians shall request it,
then the Secretary of the Interior is to sell
such bonds or other securities held in trust by
the United States for the Choctaw aud Chick-
asaw nations of Indians as may be necessary
to discharge their respective obligations to the
loyal Choctaw and Chickasaw claimants as
stipulated in the compromise and agreements
referred to; but no bonds or securities are to
be sold for less than par. No payment is to
be made nor bonds delivered under the provis-
ions of the act except in every case to the per-
son actually entitled iu his own right to receive
the same ; nor is any contract or power of
atlorney relating to the same to be regarded or
held as of any validity unless signed and exe-
cuted after the passage of the act.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to add a proviso
to the section authorizing the sale of bonds,
providing that the bonds of the State of Indiana
held bylhe Govermnentshallnotbesold. The
State of Indiana has a large claim against the
Government, and it is agreed by virtue of a
bill which passed the Senate some days ago
that such an amount shall be deducted from the
claim of the State against the Government as
shall be sufficient to satisfy the bonds held by
the Government against the State. That ar-
rangement will be defeated if these bonds should
be sold ; and as there is no necessity for selling
the bonds of Indiana, the Government having
plenty of other securities, I desire to have the
sale of the Indiana bonds prevented by a pro-
viso. 1 therefore move to add to the bill:
And provided also, That the bonds of the Stutc of
Indiana held by tho United States shall not be sold
under this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamond-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time; and the question
being put on its passage, it was declared to be
passed.
Mr. HENDERSON. Since that bill has
been reported I understand that some objection
has been made to it, and I prefer that the Sen-
ator from Nebraska should let it lie over for a
short time. In fact, one of the attorneys for
the Choctaws and Chickasaws just now called
on me and stated a very important fact, that
the Choctaws and Chickasaws have made no
agreement whatever which will justify the bill.
The claim has been examined under an old
treaty and a report made. In fact, Congress
had nothing to do with it. It was a question
entirely with the Secretary of the Interior, and
if he ratified the report of the commissioners
under the treaty, that made the claim valid
against the Choctaws and Chickasaws, and
their funds must necessarily be taken to pay
the claim. It was an agreement in the treaty
with the Choctaws and- Chickasaws that the
claims of theloyal Indians should be examined
and a report made to the Secretary, and if the
Secretary reported that the claim was proper
upon au examination of the testimony, then,
of course, the money should be paid. There
was a long contest after the report was made,
and the Secretary refused to confirm it. It
stood, however, for a year or two, and legisla-
tion has been asked from Congress, but, wc
have refused persistently up to the present time
to take away the rightful jurisdiction of the
Secretary or to interfere with it in any manner
whatever.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Antiioxy
in the chair.) The morning hour having ex-
pired, it becomes the duty of the Chair to call
up the unfinished business of yesterday, which
is the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have a word more
to sav about this matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there bo-
no objection the Senator may proceed. The
Chair will suggest to the Senator from Mis-
souri that the bill on which he is speaking has
been passed, and that the proper course for
him is to make a motion to reconsider.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rose at tho moment
to object to its passage, but the Chair did not
recognize me. I rose as he was putting the
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That being
the case, if there be no objection, the Chair
will consider the bill as not passed, and the
question now is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. I gave my consent to
the report of the bill ; but the attorney for the
Choctaws and Chickasaws tells me within the
last few minutes that they do not agree to it.
There must be some very serious misunder-
standing about it. Instead of ratifying the
|| report of the Secretary of the Interior, who
ii presented the matter to Congress, wo refused
to do anything at the last session: and since that
time I understand that the claimants and the
Choctaws and Chickasaws made an agreement
as to the amount which should be paid. I think
I state it correctly when I say tbat it is upon I hat
agreement that this bill is predicated. Now,
I understand from the attorney of the Indians
that they have made no agreement which will
bind them to the passage of this bill. It is
startling information to me, because I gave my
consent to the bill supposing the whole matter
was settled, and I have no doubt the^ Senator
from Nebraska was of the same opinion; and
therefore we suffered the bill to go through
the committee. We had better have some fur-
ther information on the subject, and I suggest
that it lie over for an hour or two, and in the
meantime we can make some further investi-
gation. I do not wish to have any misunder-
standing about it.
Mr. THAYER. I ask the Senate to give
me a few minutes, and I will consent to the
suggestion of the Senator from Missouri, the
chairman of the committee. Prior to the war,
the Government held over two million dol-
lars in trust, in money and in bonds, belonging
to the Choctaw and Chickasaw nations. After
the war commenced, those two nations united
with the southern confederacy. Several hun-
dred Indians belonging to those tribes, how-
ever, refused to go with the nations into the
southern confederacy, or to be allied with it,
and remained loyal to the Government of the
United States. They were subjected to all
kinds of persecution. They made their way
into our lines, and several hundreds of them
went into the Union service as soldiers. After
that was done the Legislatures of these two
nations passed acts of confiscation, seizing the
property of these loyal Indiaus. After the
war, in the treaty of 1806, it was provided that
these moneys which the Government held in
trust should be restored to the nations, on con-
dition tbat they paid these loyal Indians for the
destruction of their property. When the time
came for carrying out this provision, the dis-
loyal portion of these Indian nations lefu-scd ;■>
carry out the stipulations of the treaty, and the
matter has been hanging from that time to this.
Finally an agreement was entered into, and
the two nations embracing those who were dis-
loyal, as a matter of compromise, agreed thai
the funds named in this bill should be paid to
the loyal Indians. This bill was passed some
weeks since by the House of Representatives,
and its pendency here has been known to every
agent of these Indians, and to every member
of these tribes who was here. Now, why this
statement comes in at this moment, when the
bill has been before us for weeks, I cannot
conceive. I consent, however, to let it go
over this morning with a view to inquire into
that matter. They cannot allege that it has
come up unexpectedly; it has been pending all
the winter, and this agreement was entered
into by all the parties some time ago.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By general
consent, the vote on the final passage of the
bill will bo considered as not having been taken.
It is now superseded, however, by the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
HILL RECOMMITTED
On motion of Mr. MORTON, the bill (H.
R. No. 1313) granting an increase of pension
to Sarah Hackleman, widow of Brigadier Gen-
| eral Pleasant A. Hackleman, was recommitted
| to the Committee on Pensions.
I PROTECTION OF CITIZENS ABROAD.
I Mr. CONNESS. There is a special order
l for one o'clock to-day.
; > Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
| ished business supersedes the special order.
I Mr. CONNESS. I was aware of that by the
lule ofthe Senate, bat,I very much preferthatthe
special oider should be considered. The unfin-
ished business is the Indian appropriation bill,
which will undoubtedly become a law. The
i special order is the bill for the protection of
