6m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 28;
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
place, however, shall thereafter be subject to be
changed by the said Governor and Legislative
Assembly.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That a
Delegate to the House of Representatives of
the United States, to serve during each Con-
gress of the United States, may be elected by
the voters qualified to elect members of the
Legislative Assembly, who shall be entitled to
the same rights and privileges as are exercised
and enjoyed by the Delegates from the several
other Territories of the United States in the
said House of Representatives. The first elec-
tion shall be held at such time and places, and
be conducted in such manner, as the Governor
shall appoint and direct; and at all subsequent
elections the time, place, and manner of hold-
ing elections shall be prescribed by law. The
person having the greatest number of votes of
the qualified electors as hereinbefore provided,
shall be declared by the Governor elected, and
a certificate thereof shall be accordingly given.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That
sections numbered sixteen and thirty-six in
each township in said Territory shall be, and
the same are hereby, reserved for the purpose
of being applied to public schools in the State
or States hereafter to be erected out of the
same.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That
temporarily and until otherwise provided by
law the Governor of said Territory may define
the judicial districts of said Territory, and
assign the judges who may be appointed for
the said Territory to the several districts, and
also appoint the times and places for holding
courts in the several counties or subdivisions
in each of said judicial districts by proclama-
tion to be issued by hiui; but the Legislative
Assembly, at their first or any subsequent ses-
sion, may organize, alter, or modify such judi-
cial districts and assign the judges and alter
the times and places of holding the courts as
to them shall .seem proper and convenient. ,
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the
Constitution and all laws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have
the same force and effect within the said Terri-
tory of Wyoming as elsewhere within the Uni-
ted States.
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That
this act shall take effect from and after the
time when the executive and judicial officers
herein provided for shall have been duly ap-
pointed and qualified: Provided, That all gen-
eral territorial laws of the Territory of Dakota
in force in any portion of said Territory of
Wyoming at the time this act shall take effect
shall be and continue in force throughout the
said Territory until repealed by the legislative
authority of said Territory, except such laws as
relate to the possession or occupation of mines
or mining claims.
Approved, July 25, 1868.
Chap. CCXXXVI.—An Act in addition to an
Act passed March twenty-sixth, eighteen
hundred and four, entitled "An Act in addi-
tion to an Act entitled 'An Act for the Punish-
ment of certain Crimes against the United
States.' "
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no person shall be
prosecuted, tried, or punished for the capital
offenses set forth in the act to which this act is
in addition, unless the indictment for the same
is found by a grand jury within five years after
such capital offense is committed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
this act shall take effect from and after its
passage, and its provisions shall be applicable
equally to offenses committed within three
years before and offenses committed after its
passage.
Approved, July 25, 1868.
Chap. CCXXXVIL—An Act to provide for a
further Issue of Temporary Loan Certificates,
for the purpose of Redeeming and Retiring
the remainder of the outstanding Compound-
Interest Notes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That for the sole purpose
of redeeming and retiring the remainder of
the compouud-interest notes outstanding, the
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to issue an additional amount of
temporary loan certificates, not exceeding
twenty-five millions of dollars; said certificates
to bear interest at the rate of three per centum
per annum, principal and interest payable in
lawful money on demand, and to be similar in
all respects to the certificates authorized by the
act entitled " An act to provide ways and means
for the payment of compound-interest notes,"
approved March second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven ; and the said certificates may con-
stitute and be held by any national bank hold-
ing or owning the same as a part of the reserve,
in accordance with the provisions of the above-
mentioned act of March second, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven.
Approved, July 25, 1868.
Chap. CCXXXVIII.—An Act to create an
Additional Land District in the State of
Minnesota.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
United States be. and he is hereby, authorized
to establish an additional land district in the
State of Minnesota, embracing all that part of
the present northwestern land district which
lies north of township number one hundred
and twenty-four north, and_ west of range num-
ber thirty-five west of the'fifth principal me-
ridian, and to fix, from time to time, the bound-
aries thereof, which district shall be named
after the place at which the office shall first be
established; and the President shall have
power to fix, from time to time, the location
of the office for such district.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
President is hereby authorized to appoint, by
and with the advice and consentof the Senate,
a register and receiver for said land district,
who shall be required to reside at the site of
the land office for said district, who shall_ be
subject to the same laws and responsibilities,
and whose compensation respectively shall be
the same as that now allowed by law to other
land officers in said State.
Approved, July 25, 1888.
Ci-iap. CCXXXIX.—An Act to Incorporate
the National Life Insurance Company of
the United States of America.
Beit enaetedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That John D. Defrees,
William E. Chandler, Samuel Wilkeson, E,
A. Rollins, Nathan G. Starkweather, John A.
Wills, Frank Turk, Adam S. Pratt, Henry C.
Swain, and all the other persons who shall
hereafter become stockholders in the company
incorporated, are hereby created a body pol-
itic and corporate, by the name ami style of
the National Life Insurance Company of the
United States of America, for the purpose of
carrying on the business of insurance on lives,
and to make all and every insurance apper-
taining thereto, or connected therewith; and
to grant, purchase, and dispose of annuities
in the city of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, and elsewhere, and shall and may
have perpetual succession, and shall be capable
in law of contracting and being contracted with,
and of suing and being sued, pleading and
being impleaded in the district and circuit
court of the United States, either in law or
equity in this District or elsewhere ; and they;
and their successors shall and may have a
common seal, and may change the same at
their will ana pleasure, and ma^ also from
time to time, at any meeting of their directors,
by a majority of votes, as hereinafter provided,
ordain, establish, and put in execution sucn
by-laws, ordinances, rules, and regulations,
the same not being contrary to this act or the
laws of the United States, as may appear to
them necessary or expedient for the manage-
ment of said corporation, its business and
affairs, and may from time to time alter or
repeal the same or any of them.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
capital stock of said company shall consist of
ten thousand shares of stock of the value of
one hundred dollars each, being one million
of dollars, with the privilege to increase the
same from time to time by a vote of the stock-
holders at any annual or special meeting, and
the corporators, or a majority of them named
in the first section of this act, shall have power
to receive subscriptions to the stock of the
company, at such time and places as they may
deem expedient; and when the whole amount
of stock shall have been subscribed, and
twenty per centum thereon shall have been paid
in, (which paymentshall be required at the time
of subscribing,) the stockholders shall elect
twelve directors to serve until the next aunual
election, or until their successors shall be duly
elected and qualified; and the directorsso elected
of said company when it shall have been organ-
ized, may, and they are hereby authorized and
empowered to have and to exercise in the
name and behalf of the company, all the rights
and privileges which are intended to be hereby
given. Upon commencing active business,
the directors shall have power to require
payment of the amount remaining unpaid on
the stock of the company, at such time and in
such proportions-as they may think proper:
Provided, That the whole amount shall be re-
quired within two months from the time of
commencing active business, and under the
penalty, in case of non-payment as required,
of forfeiture to the company of such stock and
all previous payments thereon; and should
the capital stock at any time be increased, the
stockholders at the time of such increase shall
be entitled to a prorata share of such increase
upon the payment of the par value of the
same.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That a*y
certificate or obligation issued by the company,
agreeing to purchase one of its policies for a
fixed sum during a stated period, when accom-
panied by the policy duly assigned or trans-
ferred, shall be negotiable, and shall convey
title to the policy to the party to whom it may
be so assigned or transferred.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any
policy taken out in favor of a wife, child, rela-
tive or other person having a beneficial interest
in the life of the insured, shall not be liableto
seizure by the creditors of the person so in-
sured: Provided, That the policy does not
exceed the sum of ten thousand dollars.
Sec. 5. And be it. further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for the said corporations pur-
chase, hold, and convey real estate as follows:
First. Such asshall be requisite for its imme-
diate accommodation in the convenient trans-
action of its business ; or,
Second. Such as shall have been mortgaged
to it in good faith by way of security for loans
previously contracted for moneys due ; or,
Third. Such as shall have been conveyed to
it in satisfaction of debts previously contracted,
in the course of its dealings; or,
Fourth. Such as shall have been purchased
at sales upon judgments, decrees, or mortgages
obtained or made for such debts.
The said corporation shall not purchase, hold,
or convey real estate in any other case or for
any other purpose; and all such real estate as
