1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
665
points art* raited tnd presented which were
item argued nor presented to the Committee
of Elections. I tind also incorporated in this
paper evidence which was taken after the time
allowed by the House for the taking of testi-
mony, after it was agreed by all parties before
the committee that the testimony was closed.
In respect to this testimony I would say that
after it was taken without authority, and, as I
supposed, in violation of the express agreement
by the parties when this evidence was submit-
ted before the committee and rejected by them,
it was agreed that no application should be
made to the House for permission to use it
before the committee. **
Under these circumstances it appears to me
to be not only a breach of the privileges of
this House, but also a breach of good faith,
to insert in this paper this matter, and much
more so to circulate it, though printed for
the use of the committee, among the members
of this House without the knowledge of the
committee. Of course I know not by whose
authority this is circulated, and therefore I make
no complaint of any particular individual, but
I feel called upon to assert the rights of the
committee here in this House ana therefore
I hare called the attention of the House to
this paper.
The SPEAKER. The Doorkeeper has re-
quested the Chair to state that this paper was
not distributed by his authority.
Mr. KERR. In reference to this brief, a
copy of which I hold in my hand, I desire to
nay that I have not read it; I have not had
time to read it, and know nothing of its con-
tents, and did not know an til a short time
since that it had been placed upon the tables
of members this morning. But 1 desire to say
a few word* on behalf of the party holding the
certificate In this case.
It is troe that this case has been argned before
the Committee of Elections, as suggested by
the ehainaan of the committee, [Mr. Dins.]
It is also true that it was understood by the
committee that these briefs were to be pre-
pared and printed by the order of the commit-
tee for the use of the parties and of members
of the committee. But I know of no order of
the committee which forbade Mr. Young to
incorporate into his brief any points not argned
before the committee. I know of no rale of
this Honse that prevents him from giving to
his brief just such latitude as he pleases. I
know of no order of the committee that pre-
vented his doing so.
Now, it is stated by the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Dawks,] and no doubt cor-
rectly—for I have not read this brief and I do
not know what Ha contents are—that there are
references in it, evidence or testimony, that
was not received by the committee. On that
point I have this to say: that the very evidence
to which the chairman undoubtedly refers was
presented to the committee, and they were re-
quested to receive it and act upon it as a part
of the case made by the party holding the cer-
tificate here. And to this hoar I am not ad-
vised that the committee, as a committee, have
acted upon that request of Mr. Young, the
party holding the certificate, and refused to
receive that evidence. Am I right in that?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I stated that
the testimony in this case was closed, according
to the order of the House, on the 1st of Decern*
ber last, and in pursuance of the agreement of
the parties; yet that this testimony was taken
in violation of that agreement made before the
committee, and that when it was brought before
the committee the committee informed the
parties that it could not be read without the
authority of the House. It was agreed by the
parties that no application would be made to
the House for authority to use that testimony
before the committee.
Mr. KERR. I desire further to .inquire of
the chairman of the committee 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
make a privileged report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
dian* [Mr. Kekr] is upon the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the pending proposition?
The SPEAKER. There is no question
before the House. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections [Mr. Dawes] has submit-
ted a statement in regard to the improper
publication, as he alleges, of a brief in a con-
tested-election case.
Mr. KERR. I desire farther to inquire of
the chairman of the committee whether, at the
time this evidence was presented before the
committee and when the argnment upon the
case commenced, it was not distinctly under-
stood and agreed that the whole case should be
submitted, that no preliminary point should be
considered or decided by the committee until
the final submission of the case to the com-
mittee, and that this evidence stood npon that
ground ?
Mr. DAWES. I dislike to take up the time
of the House with this discussion. I made a
simnle statement acoording to what I under-
stood to be the facts. If the proceeding in
?|ue8tion commends itself to tlie gentleman
rom Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and other members
of the House m perfectly fair and proper, I
have nothing farther to say about it. I do not
desire to areue the question. If any gentle-
man of the Ilouse deems it proper for a man
to make a new case without the knowledge
either of the other party or of the tribunal
before whom he makes it, or to put into his
brief what it has been agreed shall not be used
as evidence—if that is deemed proper by the
gentleman from Indiana and the other mem- :
hers of the House, I have nothing to say about '
it. I have obtained somehow an impression !
that that is not fair dealing, that it is not <
proper to submit a case to the House in that j
way. I may be mistaken. It may be that on
this question I am an " old fogy."
Mr. KERR. I want the honorable gentle-
man to understand that, so far as I am per-
sonally concerned, I have been no party to any
violation of the rules of this committee, and
that if any such thing has been done I do not
approve it. But I do not understand, Mr.
Speaker, that in this case there has been any
attempt by any gentlemen to violate the rules
of the committee or of the House, or of decency
or propriety, unless it is attempted by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts in bringing this
matter into the House to prejudice the case of
Judge Young.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana thinks I am mistaken 
Mr. KERR. I will detain the House but
one minute longer.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order.
The SPEAKER. There is no question
pending before the House.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana 
I Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
make a privileged report.
i The SPEAKER. "/The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] calls for the regular
order, whieh is the call of committees for
reports, commencing with the Committee on<
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
make a privileged report.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that my friend from
Illinois will not ask the House very soon to
grant unanimous consent to accommodate
him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If I did
I should not expect to get it.
The SPEAKER. Of what character is the
report which the gentleman from Illinois de-
sires to present?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a
report from the Committee on Appropriations
of a bill which they are specially authorized to
report at any time.
The 8PEAKER. The report is an order.
DEPARTMENTAL CONTRACTS FOR STATIONERY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am di-
rected by the Committee on Appropriations to
report back without amendment joint resolu-
tion's. R. No. 75) limiting contracts for sta-
tionery and other supplies in the Executive
Departments to one year.
The joint resolution was read in extenso. It
provides that it shall not be lawful in the
present unsettled state of prices for any of the
Executive Departments to make contracts for
stationery or other supplies for a longer term
than one year from the time the contract is
made; and whenever propositions for supplies
have been solicited the parties responding t<J
such solicitation shall be duly notified of the
time and place of opening the bids, and be
permitted to be present either in person or by
attorney, and a record of each bid shall then
and there be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The com-
mittee unanimously recommend its passage.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would not an amend-
ment be germane to strike out the words "in
the present unsettled state of prices."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will not send the bill back, as it is
important it should be passed at once.
Mr. MAYNARD. How long will it be in
force, supposing we enact it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will be
in force until repealed.
Mr. MAYNA RD. Will it be in force longer
than during the "present unsettled state of
prices." It seems to me it will not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If no one
desires to discuss the bill let the vote be taken.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to strike out
the words "in the present unsettled state of
prices."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The joint
resolution accomplishes the objeot. I would
not have put that language there, hut it does
not interfere with anything.
Mr. MAYNARD. What I propose, and I
believe that is the proposition of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, is to strike out these
words: "in the present unsettled state of
prices." It seems to me, to use "the strong
Anglo-Saxon expression " which fell from the
gentleman from Connecticut the other day, it
"emasculates" the joint resolution.
Mr. PRUYN. After the passage of the
reconstruction bill we are likely to have an
unsettled state of affairs for a long time.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The ioint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to a third reading; and it was accordi-
ngly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was passed; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be-laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GHORGi? V. SAWYER, UNITED STATES NAVY.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution of inquiry :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to communicate to this House copies of the
complete record of the proceedings and findings of
the court-martial convened on the 2d day of October,
1867, at the navy-yard at Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, in the ease of George F. Sawyer, second assist-
ant engineer of the United States Navy, and also of
all and every part of the testimony in that case, to -
gether with copies of all letters, complaints, reports,
or other communications made to the said Secretary,
or to any official person in the Navy Department, or
to any officer of the Navy, in relation to the offense
oharged against said second assistant engineer Saw-
yer, and of all replies, orders, or instructions given or
made in relation to such charge or offense by the Sec-
retary or any official of the Navy Department or by
any officer of the Navy.
' Mr. BROOKS. That is so lotig I think I
had better object.
MORNING HOUR.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour had now commenced, and committees
would be called for reports, beginning with the
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
