554
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 2i,
40th Oong 2d 8ess.
Laws of the United States.
strnction of the Indians in farming, and pur-
chase of seeds, tools, and so forth, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, eight hundred dollars.
. For third of twenty installments of annuity
in money, to be paid per capita, as per third
article treaty of April seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For third of twenty installments of annuity
in provisions, ammunition, and tobacco, as
per third article treaty of April seventh, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, one thousand
dollars.
For third of twenty installments of annuity
in goods and other articles, as per third article
treaty of April seventh, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, six thousand five hundred dollars.
For transportation and necessary cost of
delivery of annuity goods and provisions, per
sixth-articlc treaty of April seventh, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi.
For second- of ten installments of the second
series in money, per fourth article treaty of
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third
article treaty seventh May, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, four thousand one hundred and
sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For second of ten installments of the second
series for the pay of two carpenters, per fourth
article treatyfourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
and third article treaty seventh May, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, four hundred dollars.
For second of ten installments of the second
series; in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, and third article
treaty seventh May, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, three thousand five hundred dollars.
For second often installments of the second
series for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, and third article of treaty seventh
May,, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For second of ten installments of second
series, for the purchase of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth article treaty of fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two^ and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-four, and third article
of treaty seventh May, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, six hundred and sixty-six dollars
and sixty-seven cents.
For second of ten installments of the second
series for the support of two smiths' shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth arti-
cle treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two; and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and third article treaty of seventh May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six hundred
and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For second of ten installments of the second
series, for pay of two farmers, per fourth arti-
cle treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and third article treaty May seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, three hun-
dred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For fourteenth of twenty installments of
annuity in money, per third article treaty
twenty-second February, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, twenty thousand dollars.
For twenty-second of twenty-six install-
ments, to' be paid the Chippewas of Missis-
sippi, pei1 third article treaty .of August sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and forty-sev.en, one
thousand dollars.
For this amount to be expanded in the erec-
tion of school buildings upon the reservation,
in accordance with third article of treaty of
March nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, five thousand dollars.
For first of ten installments for the support
of a school or schools upon said reservation,
in accordance with third article of treaty of
March nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, four thousand dollars.
For this amount for the erection of a saw
and grist mill, in accordance with provisions
of third article treaty of March nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For this amount to be expended in assisting
in the erection of houses for suchofthe Indians
as shall remove to said reservations, in accord-
ance with third article treaty of March nine-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, five
thousand dollars.
For this amount to be expended with the
advice of the chiefs in the purchase of cattle,
horses, and farming utensils, and in making
such improvements as are necessary for open-
ing farms upon said reservation, in accordance
with third article treaty of March nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, five thou-
sand dollars.
For first of ten installments to be expended
in promoting the progress of the people in
agriculture and assisting them to become self-
sustaining, in accordance with third article of
treaty of March nineteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, six thousand dollars.
For first of ten installments for the support
of a physician, in accordance with third arti-
cle treaty of March nineteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven, one thousand two hun-'
dred dollars.
For first of ten installments for the purchase
of necessary medicines, in accordance with
third article of treaty of March nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, three hun-
dred dollars.
For this amount to pay for provisions,
clothing, or such other articles as the Presi-
dent may determine, in accordance with third
article of the treaty of March nineteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary to pay the expense of locating the
reservation set apart by the second article as
per sixth article of the treaty of March nine-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty seven, two
thousand dollars.
For this amount to pay the expenses of ne-
gotiating a treaty in accordance with sixth arti-
cle of treaty of March nineteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
cost of delivery of annuities and provisions
for Chippewas of Mississippi, in accordance
with sixth article of treaty of March nine-
teenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, five
thousand dollars.
Chippewas, Pillager, and Lake Winnebago-
shish Bands.
For fourteenth of thirty installments of an-
nuity in money, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, ten thousand six hundred and sixty-six
dollars and sixty-six cents.
For fourteenth of thirty installments of an-
nuity in goods, per third article treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, eight thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of thirty installments for
purposes of utility, per third article treaty
twenty-second February, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, four thousand dollars.
For fourteenth'of twenty installments for
purposes of education, per'third article treat#
tfrenty-seeond February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, one thousand dollars. * ";
For fourteenth of fifteen installments for Sopi
port.of two smith's and smiths' shops, per third
article treaty twenty-second Febrriary, eighteerf
hundred and fifty-five, twelve hundred and
forty dollars.
For ninth of ten. installments foT pay of an
engineer to grist and saw mill at Leech Lake,
per third article treaty twenty-second Febru-
ary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, six hua-
dred dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi, Pillager, and
Lake Winnebagoshish' Bands of Chippewa
Indians in Minnesota.
For fifth of ten installments to furnish said
Indians with ten yoke of good work oxen,
twenty log-chains, two hundred grubbing hoes,
ten plows, ten grindstones, one hundred axes,
(handled,) twenty spades, and other farming
implements, per fifth article treaty May seven,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For the employment of two carpenters, one
thousand five hundred dollars, and two black-
smiths, one thousand five hundred dollars;
four farm laborers, two thousand dollars ; one
physician, twelve hundred dollars, and medi-
cine for the sick, two hundred and fifty dol-
lars, per fifth article treaty May seven, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four.
For this amount to be applied towards the
support of a saw-mill to be built for the com-
mon use of the Chippewas of Mississippi^ and
the Red Lake and Pembina bands of Chippe-
was, so long as the President may deem it
necessary, per sixth article treaty May seven,
eighteen hundred and sixty four, one thousand
dollars.
For pay of services and traveling expenses
of a board of visitors, to consist of not more
than three persons, to attend the annuity pay-
ments to the Indians, and to inspect the fields,
buildings, mills, and other improvements, as
stipulated in the seventh article treaty May
seven, eighteen hnndred and sixty-four, not
exceeding any oneyear more than twenty days'
service, at five dollars per day, or more than
three hundred miles' travel, at ten cents per
mile, four hundred dollars.
To enable the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs to complete the removal of the scattering
bands of Chippewa Indians in Minnesota to
their reservation near White Earth Lakeland
to subsist them thereat for the period of six
months, this amount is hereby appropriated,
which, added to the unexpended balance of any
appropriation heretofore made for the same
purpose, will enable said commissioner to pay
to each member of such bauds the sum of ten
dollars in money and twenty dollars in rations
such as are furnished the Army of the United
States ; such payment and delivery to be made
only to such individuals of the bands as shall
remove themselves to their reservations prior
to the first day of December next, forty thou-
sand dollars; and the Secretary of War is
hereby authorized and required, on the requi-
sition of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
to deliver the number of rations herein pro-
vided for on said reservation, to be paid for
out of this appropriation, at the average cost
thereof, less transportation.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
bo necessary to erect a new mill at Red Lake
for the use of Chippewa Indians in Minnesota,
six thousand dollars.
Chippewas of Bed Lahe and Pembina Tribe
of Chippewas.
For this amount to be paid as annuity per
capita to the Ked Lake band of Chippewas
during the pleasure of the President, per third
article treaty second October, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, and second article snp-
