556
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 21,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
the President, per sixth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of an agricultural and
industrial school, and to provide said school
with a suitable instructor or instructors, per
fourteenth articletreaty twenty-second January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, fifteen hundred
dollars.
Forninth of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of a smith and carpenter
shop, and to furnish them with the necessary
tools, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and physician who shall furnish medicines for
the sick, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-
second January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, three thousand six hundred dollars.
Flatheads and other Confederated Tribes.
For the last of five installments on one hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars, being the
second series, for beneficial objects, at the dis-
cretion ofthe President, perfourth article treaty
sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five thousand dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
keeping m repair the buildings, and providing
suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per
fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for provid-
ing suitable instructors therefor, per fifth article
treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, twelve hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair blacksmiths', and tin, and gunsmiths',
carpenters', and wagon, and plow maker's
shops, and providing necessary tools therefor,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of two farmers, two millers, one
blacksmith, one tinner, one gunsmith, one
carpenter, and one wagon and plow maker,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, seven thousand four
hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mills, and for furnish-
ing the necessary tools and fixtures therefor,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the hospital and providing the neces-
sary medicines aad furniture therefor, per fifth
article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For ninth of tweniy installments for pay of
a physician, per fifth article treaty sixteenth
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twelve
hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the buildings required for the various
employes and furnishing necessary furniture
therefor, per fifth article treaty sixteenth July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three hundred
dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the pay
of each of the head chiefs of the Flathead,
Kootenay, and Upper Pend d'Oreilles tribes,
per fifth article treaty sixteenth July, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, fifteen hundred dollars.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions, per fifth article treaty
of July sixteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, four thousand dollars.
lowas.
For interest in lieu of investment on fifty-
seven thousand five hundred dollars, balance
of one hundred and fifty-seven thousand five
hundred dollars, to the first of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, at five per centum
per annum, for education or other beneficial
purposes, under the direction of the President,
per ninth article of treaty of May seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two thousand
eight hundred and seventy-five dollars.
For interest in lieu of investment on two
hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum
per annum, ten thousand dollars, per second
article treaty of January fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and forty-six.
KicJcapoos.
For fifteenth installment of interest, at five
per centum, on one hundred thousand dollars,
for educational and other beneficial purposes,
as per second article treaty May eighteen,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, five thousand
dollars.
For fifteenth installment on two hundred
thousand dollars, to be paid in eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-nine, per second article treaty
eighteenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, seven thousand dollars.
Klamath and Modoc Indians.
For third of five installments, to be applied
under direction of the President, as per sec-
ond article treaty of October fourteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four, eight thousand
dollars.
For second of twenty installments for keep-
ing in repair one saw mill, one flouring mill,
buildings for the blacksmith, carpenter, and
wagon and plow maker, the manual-labor
school, and hospital, as per fourth article
treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, one thousand dollars.
For third of twenty installments for the pur-
chase of tools and material for saw and flour
mills, carpenter, blacksmith, wagon and plow
maker's shops, and books and stationery for
the manual-labor school, as per fourth article
treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For third of fifteen installments for pay and
subsistence of one superintendent of farming,
one farmer, one blacksmith, one sawyer, one
carpenter, and one wagon and plow maker,
as per fifth article treaty of October fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six thousand
dollars.
For third of twenty installments to pay sal-
ary and subsistence of one physician, one mil-
ler, and two school teachers, as per fifth article
treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, three thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
Malcah Tribe.
For third of four installments of thirtythou-
sand dollars, (being the fourth series,) under
direction of the President, as per fifth article
of treaty of January thirty-first, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for ihe sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay of teachers, per eleventh article
treaty thirty-first January, eighteen hundred
andfifty-five, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for support
of a smith and carpenter's shop, and to pro-
vide the necessary tools therefor, per eleventh
article treaty thirty-first January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and physician who shall furnish medicines for
the sick, per eleventh article treaty thirty-first
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three
thousand six hundred dollars.
Menomonees.
For third of fifteen installments of annuity
upon two hundred and forty-two thousand six
hundred and eighty-six dollars, for cession of
lands, per fourth article treaty May twelfth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and Senate
amendment thereto, sixteen thousand one hun-
dred and seventy-nine dollars and six cents.
For thirteenth of fifteen installments for pay
of miller, per third article treaty twelfth May,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred
dollars.
Miamies of Kansas.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per fifth
article treaty sixth October, eighteen hundred
and eighteen, and fourth article treaty June
fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, nine
hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu
of gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth
article treaty twenty-third October, eighteen
hundred and thirty-four, and fourth article
treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, six hundred dollars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per
third article treaty fifth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments upon two
hundred thousand dollars, per third article
treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
Miamies of Indiana.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty seven dollars
and eighty-six cents, uninvested, at five per-
centum, per Senate's amendment to fourth
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred aod
fifty-four, eleven thousand and sixty-two dol-
lars and eighty-nine cents.
Miamies—Eel River.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per fourth article treaty third August,
seventeen hundred and ninety-five, five hun-
dred dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per article treaty twenty-first August,
eighteen hundred and five, two hundred and
fifty dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or other-
wise, per third and separate article to treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hnndred and
nine, three hundred and fifty dollars.
Molel Indians.
For ninth of ten installments for keeping in
repair saw and flouring mills, and for the pay
of necessary employes, the benefits of which
to be shared alike by all the confederated
bands, per second article treaty twenty-first
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For ninth of ten installments for the pay of
a carpenter and joiner to aid in erecting build-
ings and making furniture for said Indians,
and to furnish tools in said service, per second
article treaty twenty-first December, eighteeu
hundred and fifty-five, one thousand dollars.
For pay of teachers to manual-labor school,
for all necessary materials therefor, and for
the subsistence of the pupils, per second arti-
cle treaty twenty-first December, eighteeu hun-
dred and fifty-five, twelve hundred dollars.
Nisqually, Pin/alhtp, and other Tribes and
Bands of Indians.
For fourteenth installment, in part payment
for relinquishment of title to lands, to be ap-
plied to beneficial objects, per fourth article
treaty twenty-sixth December, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments for
pay of instructor, smith, physician who shall
furnish medicine to the sick, carpenter, and
farmer, per tenth article treaty twenty-sixth
