1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
678
Baldwin, Baraum, Beatnan, Beck, Benton, Blair,
B-ner, Broiuwel!, Brooks, Burr, Gary, Dawes,Dixon,
Donaellv, Driirr*. EMrulffe, Lliot, Ferry, Fox,
(totz. GN^breniK-r. Goiladay, GrNwold, it rover,
ILueht, ll.;i>ey, Hardinar, llolman, llotehkiss. Ches-
ter 1>. 11nt.b U.:h:u\ll). Hubbard. ifuiburd, Hum-
phrey, llu-' ",.f " Ucs Johnson, .lone^, Julinn, Kel-
ler. Kerr, Kotetmn. Knott. Koontz. Lincoln, Lomrh-
nd-ce, Mar.-iiail, Marvin, Moorhead, MungeB, ^*ib-
I u'k, Ni'hoUon.Oi th,P. im\Perham, Phelps, Poland,
p.xnoroy, Pruyn, Robertson, Rnbiiwm, Ross, Savr-
yer. >it rrertres, Snnth, Stewart, Taylor, Taber, Law
reiue S. Trimble, Twichell, Van Auken, Van Trump*
Vm W\ok. C.ulw<.lauer C. Washburn. Klihu B.
Washburne, Henrv !>. Wa«hburn, William 1L Wash-
burn, William Williams, Wnidoui, Wood, and Wood*
ward—s3.
>* AYS—Measis. Ames, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley,
Ba'!e>. Biker, Binjxhim. Boutwell, Broomall, Buck-
land. Butler, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
CoUurn, Cook, Cullom, Eekley, Eggicston. Ela, Fer-
ries. Field*., lir.ivejy, Higby, Hooper,Hopkins, Asa-hel
W. UuM>ard, Ineersoll, Judd, Kelsey, William Law-
renoe, Lo-jan, M ayuard, McCarthy, Mercur. Miller,
Moore, Mulling, Myers Newoomb, Nunn. O'Neill,
Peters, Pile, Price, isohenek, Scofield, Shanks, Aai on
F. Stevens. Thaddeus Steveiis, Tafl'e, Thomas, Trow-
bridge. Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Welker, Thomas Williams, James F. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wood-
briilse—61.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, James M. Ashley,
Barnes, Benjamin, Blaine, Cake, Chanler,
Churchill, Cornell. Covode. Farnsworth, Finney. Gar-
field. Hawkins, Hill, Kitchcn, Laflin.Georse V. Law-
rence. Loan, Lynch, Mallory, MeClurg. McCormick,
Met'ullough, Morgan, Morrell, Morrissey, Pike,
Plants, Poisley, Randal], Kauni, Selye, Shellabar-
per. Spalding, Starkweather, Stokes, Stone, John
Trimble, Upson, and Ward—42.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN LAND GRANTS.
The SPEAKER. The next business before
the House is a bill (H. R. No. 267) to declare
forfeited to the United States certain landg
granted to aid in the construction of railroads
in the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, and Florida, and fbr other purposes.
This bill was recommitted to the Committee
on Public Lands. On the 10th of December
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,]
the chairman of the committee, moved a recon-
sideration of the vote by which the bill Was
reepmmitted. and on the 20th of December the
further consideration of that motion was post-
poned until Tuesday, January 14, after the
morning hour. It is now reached in-the regu-
lar order of business, and the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Juliax] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to introduce a joint resolution for
reference.
Mr. JULIAN. I yield for that purpose.
THOMAS 11. STEVENS.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 172)
relative to Captain Thomas H. Stevens,United
States Navy; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
repeal of cotton tax.
Mr. LOGAN, from a committee of confer-
ence, submitted the following report:
The oommittec of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 207, to provide
for the exemption of cotton from internal taxation,
having met. after full and free conference, have to
report that they aie unable to agree.
J. A. LOGAN,
110 K. ACE MAYNARD,
JAMES BROOKS,
Manager  on the part of the House.
JOHN SHERMAN,
ROSCOE CONKLING,
J. S. MORRILL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was received, and the committee
discharged.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the House still
further insist upon it« disagreement to tfte
amendments of the Senate, and ask for the
appointment of another committee of confer-
ence.
The motion was agreed to.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 43.
RECONSTRUCTION, DEFICIENCY BILL, ETC.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, reported back the amendments ot the
Senate to llouse bill No. 320, making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the execution of the reconstruction
laws, and for the service of the quartermaster's
department of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1808. and for other pur-
poses, with a report, as follows:
The Committee on Appropriations, to whom tho
bill >11. R. No. 3'JO) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the execution
ot the reconstruction laws, and for the serviccof th«
quartermaster's department of tho Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1868, and for othor
purposes, witli the amendmentsof the Senatothereto,
was referred, having considered the same, beg leave
to report as follows:
That they recommend concurrence wi th the amend-
ments of the Senate, numbered, one, two, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen.
That they recommend non-concurrence with the
amendment of the Senate numbered fourteen.
That they recommend concurrence with the amend-
ment of the Senate numbered three, with an amend-
ment as follows:
Provided, That no Senator or Representative shall
receive any newspapers except the Congressional
Globe, or stationery, or commutation therefor, ex-
ceeding $125, for any one session of Congress.
Mr. BUTLER. It will be recollected that
the Senate added as an amendment a section
in which they undertook to regulate the trans-
fer of appropriations from one branch of the
service to another. The Committee on Ap-
propriations have had that subject under con-
, sideration, and have instructed me to report a
< separate bill on the subject, as they deem it
best not to tack it on to an appropriation bill.
We have also reported a proviso to one of
their amendments, which is stated in the report
j of the committee. That is the only addition
, we make to any Senate amendment.
The question was upo  concurring with the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. IiOBINSON. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope we
will first pasp upon this deficiency bill. There
\ are employes of the Government now suffering
for want of their pay, which they have not
received for months.
Mr. ROBINSON. It is now pretty late, and
I think we had better adjourn.
; Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ihopethe
i House will not adjourn until some arrange-
! ment is made for the consideration of this bill
at some hour to-morrow.
! The SPEAKER., If the House shall adjourn
now this bill will come up as unfinished busi-
' ness the first thing after the reading of the
Journal to-morrow morning,
i Mr. WASHBURNE, eff Illinois. 1 desire
j some arrangement by which this bill can be
I considered in the House instead of being re-
I ferred to the Committee of the W hole.
The SPEAKER. The bill is now before the
House for consideration, the point of order
under the rule not having been raised w)ien the
bill and amendments were reported from the
. Committee on Appropriations,
i Mc. ROBINSON. I insist upon my motion
to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
; (at four o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMES: The petition of Walter B.
Stanley and others, citizens of Abington,
Massachusetts, for the passage of a law pro-
tecting the rights of naturalized citizens.
By Mr. BLAINE: The petition of W. McK.
Jordan, of Pensacola, Florida, for relief from
disfranchisement.
By Mr. BLAIR: The petition of a large
number of citizens of the third congressional
district of Michigan, requesting Congress to
declare the rights of naturalized citizens
abroad.
Also, the petition of several veterans of the
war of 1812, for a pension law in their favor.
By Mr. DAWES: The proceedings of a pub-
lic meeting of citizens of Hampden county,
Massachusetts, protesting against the treat-
ment received by American citizens traveling
abroad, and asking the intervention of our
Government.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of the Ameri-
can Freedmeu Union Commission, praying for
coutinuance of the law establishing the Bureau
of Freedmen and Refugees.
By Mr. FLANDERS: The petition of
Thomas Redman, asking a pension.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: The peti-
tion of John Hamilton, of Urbana, Ohio, for
a pension.
Also, the petition of Sarah A. Wilklow,
widow of Myron Wilklow, late of company B,
forty-seventh Ohio volunteers, and M. Warren,
attorney, for pension.
Also, the petition for pension to Hester
Faulkner, widow of John Faulkner, private
company G, third Ohio volunteer cavalry, by
S. T. McMorfiiii and others.
AUo, the petitiou of Aaron Devers, of Me-
chanisburg, Ohio, for a pension.
Also, the petition of William Hutchen, of
Ginghamsburg, Ohio, for a pension.
Also, papers relative to the peusion claim
No. 24382 of Dr. Jedediah H. Dorwin, of
Laura, Ohio.
Also, papers relative to the claim of Albert
E. Grafton, first lieutenant of company C,
one hundred and thirteenth Ohio volunteer
infantry, and petition of his attorney, S. T.
McMorran, for an aet to enable him to draw
his pay.
By Mr. SELYE : A memorial of the citizen!
of Rochester, New York, asking for an amend-
ment of the law granting pensions to the sol-
diers of the war of 1812.
' Also, a memorial of 5,000 citizens of th®
twenty-eighth congressional district of New
York, asking for further protection to citizens
of foreign birth while traveling or sojourning
in foreign countries.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of many citizens of the third congressional
district of Connecticut, praying for such legis-
lative action as shall define the status of natu-
ralized citizens, and compel the Government
of Great Britain to recognize the validity of
the naturalization of such citizens.
By Mr. TROWBRIDGE: The petition of
Robert H. Jenks, Henry Whiting, and 10
others, citicems erf St. .Clair, Michigan, earn-
estly urging the imparlance of a repeal of the
internal ta,xes on manufactures and produc-
tions, except luxuries, with such simplifying
and changing of the tax list as shall remove
burdens wholly unnecessary, and thus relieve
and stimulate the productive industry of the
country.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin: Tho
petition of citizens of Dodge county, Ne-
braska, for a reduction of the freight and pas
senger tariff of the Union Pacific Railroad
Company.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: A let-
ter from Oliver Donaldson and William Lar-
kin and the petition of 686 others, citizens of
the eighteenth congressional district of Penn-
sylvania, praying Congress to take such legis-
lative action as will not only define the status
of naturalized citizens of this Republic before
the world, but also compel the Government of
Great Britain to recognize the validity of the
naturalization of those citizens whom she holds
in durance, and to do justice to them by rein-
stating them in the rights and immunities of
which they have been deprived in violation of
their rights as American citizens.
NOTICE Of BILLS.
The following notice for leave to introduce
bills was given under the rule :
By Mr. ELIO f: A bill to encourage tho
establishment of public marine schools; and
A bill to provide for the examination of
masters and (pates in the merehant service.
