1868.]
Ai'jPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55-1
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sbss.
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
five thousand dollars.
For fourteenth of twenty installments for the
support of an agricultural and industrial school,
and support of smith and carpenter shop, and
providing the necessary tools therefor, in con-
formity with tenth article of the treaty of
December twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-lour, eight hundred dollars.
Ncz Perce Indians.
For fourth of five installments of second
series for beneficial objects, at the discretion
of the President, per fourth article treaty June
eleventh, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of two schools, one of which to be an
agricultural and industrial school, keeping in
repair school buildings, and for providing suit-
able furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, five hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of teaching
and two teachers, per fifth article treaty elev-
enth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two
thousand two hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths',
carpenters', and wagon and plow makers'
shops, and for providing necessary tools there-
for, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of one superintendent of farming and
two farmers, two millers, two blacksmiths, one
tinner, one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one
wagon and plow maker, per fifth article treaty
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eight thousand dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair saw and flouring mill, and for fur-
nishing the necessary tools and fixtures there-
for, per fifth article treaty eleventh June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five hundred
dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the hospital and providing the neces-
sary medicines and furniture therefor, per fifth
article treaty eleventh June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for pay of
a physician, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for keeping
in repair the buildings for the various em-
ployes, and for providing the necessary furni-
ture therefor, per fifth article treaty eleventh
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, two hun-
dred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the
salary of such person as the tribe may select
to be their head chief, per fifth article treaty
eleventh June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
five hundred dollars.
For third of four installments to enable the
Indians to remove and locate upon the reser-
vation, to be expended in plowing land and
fencing lots, as per first clause fourth article
treaty of June ninth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For third of the sixteen installments for
boarding and clothing the children who shall
attend the schools, providing the schools and
boarding-houses with necessary furniture, the
purchase of necessary wagons, teams, agricul-
tural implements, tools, and so forth, and for
fencing of such lands as may be needed for
gardening and farming purposes for the schools,
as per fou[r]th clause fourth article treaty of
June nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-three,
three thousand dollars.
For salary of two subordinate chiefs, as per
fifth article treaty of June nine, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, five hundred dollars each.
For second of fifteen installments to keep the
blacksmith's shops in repair and stocked with
the necessary tools and materials, per fifth
article treaty June ninth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, five hundred dollars.
For second of fifteen installments for repairs
of houses, mills, shops, and so forth, and pro-
viding the necessary furniture, tools, and mate-
rials, as per article fifth treaty June ninth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, two thou-
sand dollars.
For salary of two matrons to take charge of
the boarding-schools, two assistant teachers,
one farmer, one carpenter, and two millers,
as per fifth article treaty of June ninth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-three, five thousand five
hundred dollars.
Omahas.
For the first of fifteen installments of this
amount, being third of series, in money or
otherwise, per fourth article treaty sixteenth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, twenty
thousand dollars.
For third of ten installments for keeping in
repair a grist and saw mill, and support of
blacksmith shop, per eighth article treaty
March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, and third article treaty March sixth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, three hundred
dollars.
For third of ten installments for pay of one
miller, per same treaties, nine hundred dollars.
For third of ten installments for pay of one
farmer, per same treaties, seven hundred and
twenty dollars.
For third of ten installments for pay of black-
smith, per same treaties, seven hundred and
twenty dollars.
Osages.
For interest on three hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum per annum, to be paid
semi-annually, in money or such articles as
the Secretary of the Interior may direct, as
per first article treaty of September twenty-
nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Forinterest on sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum
per annum, being value of fifty-four sections
of land set apart by said treaty for educational
purposes, three thousand four hundred and
fifty-six dollars.
For transportation of goods, provisions, and
so forth, purchased for the Great and Little
Osage Indians, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, three thousand five hundred dollars.
Ottawas and Chippewas of Michigan.
For first of four equal annual installments
of the sum of two hundred and six thousand
dollars, being the unpaid part of the principal
sum of three hundred and six thousand dol-
lars, to be distributed per capita, in the usual
manner of paying annuities, per third article
of the treaity of thirty-first July, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, fifty-one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-four
thousand five hundred dollars, at five per
centum, being the balance of two hundred and
six thousand dollars for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine,
seven thousand seven hundred and twenty-five
dollars.
Otloes and Xissourias.
For first of fifteen installments, being the
third series, in money or otherwise, per fourth
article treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, nine thousand dollars.
Ottawas.
To replace a sum taken from annuities of
Ottawaa and so forth, twelve hundred and fifty
dollars and thirty-cents.
Pawnees.
For annuity perpetual, at least one half of
which to be in goods and such articles as may
be deemed necessary for them, per second
article treaty twenty-fourth September, eight-
een hundred and fifty-seven, thirty thousand
dollars.
For support of two manual-labor schools
during the pleasure of the President, per third
article treaty September twenty-fourth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, ten thousand dollars.
For purchase of iron and steel, apd other
necessaries for the shops, during the pleasure
of the President, per same treaty, five hundred
dollars.
For pay of two blacksmiths, one of whom
to be a gunsmith and tinsmith, per same treaty,
twelve hundred dollars.
_ For compensation of two strikers or appren-
tices in blacksmith's shop, per same treaty,
four hundred and eighty dollars.
For the purchase of farming utensils and
stock, during the pleasure of the President,
per same treaty, twelve hundred dollars.
For pay of farmer, per same treaty, six hun-
dred dollars.
For the last of ten installments for pay of
miller, at the discretion of the President, per
same treaty, six hundred dollars.
For last of ten installments for pay of an
engineer, at the discretion of the President,
per same treaty, twelve hundred dollars.
For compensation to apprentices to assist in
working the mill, per same treaty, five hundred
dollars.
For keeping in repair the grist and saw mills,
per same treaty, three hundred dollars.
Poncas.
For the fifth of ten installments of the sec-
ond series, " to be paid to them or expended for
their benefit," per second article treaty twelfth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, ten
thousand dollars.
For last of ten installments for the estab-
lishment and maintenance of one or more
manual-labor schools, under the direction of
the President, per second article treaty twelfth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, two
thousand dollars.
For last of ten installments, or during the
pleasure of the President, to be expended in
furnishing said Indians with such aid and as-
sistance in agricultural and mechanical pur-
suits, including the working of the mill pro-
vided for in the first part of this article, as
the Secretary of the Interior may consider ad-
vantageous and necessary for them, per second
article treaty twelfth March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For this amount to pay the Ponca tribe of
Indians for indemnity for spoliation committed
upon them, fifteen thousand and eighty dol-
lars, in conformity with second article treaty
of March twelve, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight, and third article supplementary treaty
March ten, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
For this amount to defray the expenses of
negotiating a treaty with said Indians, in con-
formity with fourth article supplementary
treaty March ten, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, four thousand and ten dollars.
Pottawatomies.
For permanent annnity in silver, per fourth
article treaty third August, seventeen hundred
and ninety-five, one thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third
article treaty second October, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, two thousand dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hun-
