674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 22, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. B. Lokabee, D. D., of Mas-
sachusetts.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
iioi'se bills referred.
The bill (H. 11. No. 503) for the relief of
William R. Todd was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 171) for the
relief of destitute persons in the South was
read twice by its' title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the1 Militia.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 167) in rela-
tion to the prosecution of claims before the
Executive Departments was read twice by its
title, and on motion of Mr. Coxness, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 104) author-
izing the transmission through the mails free
of postage of certain certificates by the adju-
tant general of New Hampshire was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
supplementary reconstruction bill.
The bill (I!. R. No. 439) additional and sup-
plementary to an act entitled ''An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
rebel States," passed March 2, 1867, and the
acts supplementary thereto, was read a first
time by its title.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I feel constrained to
object to the second reading of that bill this
morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then it
goes over.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to state the
ground of my objection. It is not for the pur-
pose of delay, but I wish to address the Senate
on a motion to instruct the Judiciary Commit-
tee in relation to that bill, and to move a cer-
tain amendment before it shall go to the Com-
mittee. I am prepared to go on and address
the Senate this morning, but I do not desire to
interrupt the morning hour, and the case of Mr.
Thomas is pending before the Senate, and I do
not wish to interrupt the discussion on that.
My objection is not for the sake of delay, but
for the reason I have stated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Of course
the bill cannot be read the second time now,
objection being made.
contracts for stationery.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 75) limiting contracts for stationery and
other supplies in the Executive Departments
to one year.
The amendment, which was in lines three
and four, to strike out the words "in the pres-
eat unsettled state of prices," was concurred in.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 213) te suspend further reduction of the
currency.
The message also announced that the House
further insisted on its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 207) to provide for the exemption of cotton
from internal tax, asked a further conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, ana had appointed Mr. R. C. Schenck
of Ohio, Mr. J. K. Moorhead of Pennsylva-
nia, and Mr. C. B. Beck of Kentucky, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills and joint reso-
lution, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 96) to authorize the
Southern Minnesota Railroad Company to con-
struct and maintain a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river, and establish a post route ;
A bill (II. R. No. 17G) to amend an act en-
titled li An act, to provide for carrying the
mails from the United States to foreign ports,
ami for other purposes," approved ilarch 2,5,
1801;
A bill (H. R. No. 206) to establish and
declare the railroad and bridge of the New
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga ltailroad
Company, as hereafter constructed, a post
road, and for other purposes ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 132) in regard
to the construction of section ten of the act
approved March 2, 1867, entitled "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1868, and for other purposes."
executive communications. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting an estimate from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs of appropri-
ations required for supplying deficiencies in
the appropriations made for the Sioux Indians,
in Dakota, Arickarees, Gros-Ventres, Man-
dans, Crows, and Yanktons, for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1868, and for subsistence
purchased for the Poncas ; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Wisconsin, asking a grant of lands to that State
for the purpose of building a wagon road from
the village of Chippewa Falls, in Chippewa
county, Wisconsin, to Ashland, in the county
' of Ashland, in that State ; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
| lative Assembly of Dakota Territory, in favor
of a grant of land to aid in the construction of
a railroad from Sioux City, Iowa, to the mouth
, of the Big Cheyenne river, in Dakota Territory;
! which was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Dakota Territory, in favor
of a grant of land to aid in the construction of
a railroad from the Minnesota State line to the
Missouri river, at Yankton, Dakota Territory ;
which was referred to the Committee ou Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. WILLEY presented a petition of R. B.'
Williamson, praying compensation for prop-
erty taken by United States troops in 1862;
which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented the petition of William
Burley, of Virginia, praying compensation for
forage taken by United States troops during
the late rebellion; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented a memorial of
the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Dakota, in favor of a grant of land to aid in the
construction of a railroad from Sioux City,
Iowa, to the mouth of Big Cheyenne river, in
Dakota ; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota in
favor of a grant of land to the Minnesota and
Missouri Railroad Company to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from the Minnesota State
lin to the Missouri river at Yankton, Dakota;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. VAN WINKLE pitsented a petition of
Charles A. Pitcher, praying compensation for
the use of a valuable patent of the petitioner's
in the penitentiary in the District of Colum-
bia ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CONNESS. I present the memorial
and statement of a large number of American
citizens resident in'Japan, giving an account
of the affair and engagement between the Uni-
ted States steamship Wyoming, commanded by
Captain David McDougal, and the Japanese
forts and ships-of-war, which is connected with
many other papers relating to the same mat-
ters. This affair, it appears, lias never been
noticed by the Government in any manner what-
ever ; and although a large and considerable
indemnity was exacted because of the part taken
by our naval forces in those seas in compensa-
tion for the injury done us, no act has ever
transpired on the part of the Government pro-
posing to give compensation or even thanks to
tne gallant officers and men who did us such
great credit on that occasion. I present this
statement and memorial of foreign residents in
Japan concerning this matter, together whh
many other papers connected with the affair,
and move their reference to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The motion \yas agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a report and res-
olutions in the nature of a petition, adopted by
the Knights of St. Patrick in New York, which
have been communicated to me by their Pres-
ident with a request that I would lay them
before the Senate. In these resolutions it is
set forth that certain American citizens are
now detained without cause by the British
Government; and it is alleged to be the duty
of the Executive to interfere promptly in their
behalf; and in their resolutions the Executive
is most earnestly urged to such interference.
I offer this paper and ask its reterence to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
It was so referred.
Mr. COCKLING. I present a petition very
numerously signed by citizens of differen t States,
praying appropriation for the removal of ob-
structions which impede the navigation of the
East river in New York harbor at Hurl Gate.
I In presenting this petition I beg to say that
i the subject is a very important one. The pres-
1 ent condition of this entrance involves an an-
' nual loss stated to be upward of a million
\ dollars, and the belief of these petitioners is
; that a moderate appropriation properly applied
would be of immense service to the commerce
of the country. I move that the petition bo
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DRAKE. I present the petition of Wil-
liam C. Anderson, of Missouri, praying the
passage of an act authorizing the settlement on
principles of equity of the accounts of William
C. Anderson, sr., late pension agent at St.
Louis, Missouri. I do not know exactly to what
committee the petition should go; it is not a
claim that is made by the petitioner, but sim-
ply a request for the interposition of Congress
to authorize a settlement of accounts between
his deceased father and the Government on
principles of equity, owing to the fact that his
father was struck with paralysis and unable to
make out and close his accounts with the Gov-
ernment before he died. It seems to me rather
appropriate that the petition should go to the
Committee on Finance, and I move its refer-
ence to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have received and been
requested to present to the Senate a memorial
adopted at the national convention of manu-
facturers, assembled at Cleveland, Ohio, De-
cember 18, 1867, complaining of the manner
in which appointments and removals are made
of officers connected with the collection and
disbursements of the public moneys, and recom-
mending that a system of examination should
be adopted into the moral and educational fit-
ness of all candidates for office. I move the
reference of this petition to the Committee on
Retrenchment, which I believe has that subject
in charge.
The motion was agreed to.
contraction of tiie currency.
Mr. CATTELL, from the committee of con-
ference on the bill (H. R. No- 213) to suspend
further reduction of the currency, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment ot tee
Senate to the hill of the House He. 213, t® suspend
