ifefc*.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
675
further reduction of the currency, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend, I
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follow?:
That the Senate recede from their amendment, and
agree to the bill of the House with an amendment,
as follows:
Add to the said bill of the House tho words "but
nothing herein contained shall prevent the cancella-
tion and destruction of mutilated United States notes
and the replacing of the same with notes of the same
oharacter and amount.'*
And tha House agree to the same.
A. G. CATTELL.
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
0. P. MORTON,
Manager  on the part of the Senate.
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
SAMUEL HOOPER.
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
Manager* on the part of the Houtt.
The report was concurred in.
COTTON TAX.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the committee of
conference on the bill (H. R. No. 207) to pro-
vide for the exemption of cotton from inter-
nal tax, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the Hoase No. 207, to provide
forthe exemption of cotton from internal tax. having
met, after full and free conference, have to report
that they are unable to agree.
JOHN SHERMAN, .
ROsjCOE CONKLING,
J. S. MORRILL.
Manaoert on the part of the Senate.
J. A. LOGAN,
HORACE MAYNARD,
JAMES BROOKS,
Manager* on the part of the House. >
Mr. SHERMAN. The House of Represent-
atives have asked for another committee of
conference. The Senate conferees were not |
prepared to abandon the position taken by the 1
Seuate; and now, in order to relieve us from i
the difficulty in which we are placed, I will
move that the Senate agree to the further con-
ference asked for by the House of Represent-
atives, and tlisit (he Senate conferees be in-
structed to recede from the Senate amend-
ments, with some provision allowing imported
cotton to be admitted duty free. 1 will make
this motion with a view to relieve the difficulty
that exists between the two Houses on the cot-
ton-tux bill. It should be remembered by Sen-
ators that the House passed a bill repealing
or suspending indefinitely the cotton tax. The
Senate amended the bill so as to suspend the
tax for a year simply. The House conferees,
in the free conference which we had, refused
to agree to that amendment, and as things now
stand the bill will be lost unless some arrange-
ment is made by which a concurrence may be
brought about. For the purpose of doing that
I move that we agree to the new conference, '
and that the second committee of conference
on the part of the Senate be instructed to ,
recede from the Senate amendments, with some
provision, which the House, I understand, are >
willing to agree to, that imported cotton shall
be admitted duty free, so as to restore the
state of the law to the precise condition it was
before the war. I make that motion. I do not
propose to discuss it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would inquire of the
Senator from Ohio when that provision in
regard to the duty on imported cotton found
its way into our legislation? I do not under-
stand that that was one of the provisions of
the Senate; was it?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. That is now
a part of the proposition of the Senate, and
the House conferees were willing to agree to
that. I will state further that in the tariff laws
of 1861 and 1857 and 1846—we have looked
back that far—there was no duty on imported
cotton. The reason the provisiou was inserted
here b^r the Senate is, that there are some few
manufacturing establishments in the United
States which use a little Surat cotton for the
purpose of making coarse fabrics, and it is
necessary that they should be placed on au
equal footing with the English manufacturers
manufacturing these coarse fabrics for export-
ation. There is really no objection to the pro-
vision; it was in the tariff laws for twenty
years. The House is willing to agree to that
portion of our amendments, but is not willing
to agree to a mere temporary suspension of
the cotton tax.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I trust that the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio will not be adopted. Of course I
need not say that I am opposed to any action
which wholly repeals the tax, whether of the
House or Senate. The proposition made by
the Senator was to suspend the tax on cotton
for one year. The proposition of the House
was to repeal the tax after the present year—
that, is to say, to apply the repeal to crops pro-
duced after next year. I should like to know
how you can apply the law so as to tax the
crop of one year and exempt that of the next,
or all which may follow? When is the point of
time that is to be fixed ? How are you to desig-
nate it? I am not in favor of doing anything
of this sort, but the majority of the Senate
have decided this point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not understand the
Senator.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I am merely
stating the proposition of the House, and con-
trasting it with that of the Senate.
But, Mr. President, this question has been
fully discussed, and at the last discussion I
suppose the minds of many Senators here were
influenced more or less in consequence of a
report made by the Boston Board of Trade. I
desire to call attention to some of the alleged
facts that we were required to accept as reported
by the Board of Trade. One was that we
might expect a supply of cotton next year from
Egypt of two hundred and fifty thousand bales.
Any one who has examined the subject will
find that that is an over-statement, that no-
body expects more than two hundred thousand
bales. Another statement was that there would
be a stock on hand next year of one million
four hundred thousand bales, and that there was
on hand on the 1st of October a stock of one
million ninety-two thousand bales. Now, sir,
on the 1st of September last there were seven
hundred and eighty thousand bales of cotton
on hand in Liverpool, but since that time the
stock on hand in Liverpool has gone down to
about four hundred thousand bales. One day
last week it was less than four hundred thou-
sand, and the last telegraphic report left it at
four hundred and twenty-five thousand. The
stock on hand in New York has decreased
since the commencement of the debate on this
bill, I think, from one hundred and five-thou-
sand bales to less than seventy-five thousand
hales. This does not indicate the enormous
accumulation at the end of the year predicted
by the Boston report.
Another statement here is that the amount
of cotton to be expected from all other coun-
tries, besides America, Egypt, and India, is
nine hundred thousand bales. If you will look
at the report of our commissioner, Wells, made
last year, you will find that the whole amount
that we received from all other countries from
1861 to 1865 averaged less than three hundred
thousand bales a year, notwithstanding the
stimulus of most extravagant prices; and yet
this report would give us to understand that
there will be nine hundred thousand next year.
The exact average amount received annually
from 1861 to 1865, I think, you will find by
looking at the report was two hundred and
seventy thousand bales. It is on the basis of
such speculations that we are called upon to
act.
Another statement is that we may expect
from India seventeen hundred and fifty thou-
sand bales. Up to this time there have been
exported and received from India about four
hundred thousand bales, leaving the amount of
thirteen hundred and fifty thousand bales to be
received during the residue of the year. Does
anybody expect that statement will be fulfilled
by the facts hereafter to transpire? No one
expects any such amount can be received from
India during the rest of'the year.
Another fact to which I desire to call the
attention of the Senate is that since w  have
been discussing this question, as I predicted
would be the fact, the price of cotton in New
York has risen two and a half cents a pound.
It was fifteen cents when the debate began;
the day before yesterday it was seventeen and
a half, and I suppose we may expect that, it
will rise to twenty cents a pound. The stock
j of cotton required to supply the world isgreater
and the supply smaller than was represented
when the great fall in the price of cotton com-
menced last summer.
Mr. President, I was in hopes that this ques-
tion would be postponed until we could con-
sider the whole subject. I suppose it may not
be many weeks belore we shall have the subject
of the internal revenue laws in full before us ;
and why the necessity for acting on this ques
tion now? What need of haste is there about
it? This is not intended to operate at all on
the crop of this year. I think it had much
better be postpoued until the general subject is
considered; but at all events I trust the Senate
will stand by the position it has heretofore
assumed on this question, and not yield up
everything, after so long and so full a debate.
Mr. CONKLING. I think it fair, before the
Senate votes upon this proposition, that it
should know one fact in reference to the man-
agement of the question in the conference com-
mittee. I will venture to state so much of
what transpired in committee as this: the
managers on the part of the Senate did not
stand simply upon the vote of the Senate in
what they proposed, but the sense of the man-
agers on the part of the House was taken upon
a proposition suspending the tax, in accordance
with the vote of the Senate, for a year and
reducing it largely for the future if it should
continue. That proposition was rejected, and
the managers on the part of the House stood
simply, first and last, upon the bill as passed
by the House. As the honorable Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has said, there was no
contrariety of opinion in reference to the f re-
vision of the Senate amendments touching the
import duty upon foreign cotton ; but as to the
subject-matter which the conference really met
to dispose of, there was no proposition on the
part of the managers of the House except that
we should accept the House bill precisely as it
stood. In that view of the case, and regard-
less of the private convictions of the managers
on the part of the Senate, it was thought that
we were not at liberty to part with the whole
question and sacrifice the position which had
been taken by the Senate twice upon a vote by
the yeas and nays by a decided majority ; and,
indeed, a third time by ordering the conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from New
York has stated substantially the result of the
conference. The Senate conferees, as a matter
of course, stood by the position of the Senate;
but the House con ferees insisted that to suspend
the tax for one year, with a threat or a provision
that it should be renewed after that, would only
deter people from embarking in this enterprise,
and that it was much more important for us
now to encourage the cultivation of cotton than
to discourage it by any suspending over the pro-
ducers of the sword of Damocles or any threat
of a tax, and therefore they insisted on a gen-
eral suspension or repeal of the cotton tax.
They told us a vote had been taken in the other
House, and there had been great unanimity on
the subject, and hence they were not at liberty
to yield their position. It is manifest that either
the Senate or the House must yield somewhat.
They proposed to us an unconditional repeal
of the cotton tax. We submitted to them two
propositions: one that the cotton tax should
only be suspended for one year; and second, that
imported cotton sheuld be admitted dutyfree.
They made no point on the latter clause, and
were willing to agree to that; but they insisted
that this tax should be removed, and they fur-
ther notified us, as we are already informed by
the newspapers, that proceedings are being had
now in the House looking to a. general reduo-
tion of taxes on productive industry, and that
we may anticipate in the course of the session
some general legislation of thatkind to relievo
