1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559-
Laws of the United States.
40th Cons....2d Sess.
in the purchase of such articles, including cat-'
tie for herding or other purposes, as he shall
deem suitable for their wants and condition,
either as huntsmen or herdsmen, per seventh
article treaty Oetobertwelfth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, one thousand dollars.
Sioux of Dakota—Blackfeet Band.
For third of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Interior
may direct, as per fourth article of treaty Octo-
ber nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, seven thousand dollars.
Lower Brul6 Band.
For third of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Interior
may direct, as per fourth article of treaty of
Octoberfourteenth, eighteen hundredand sixty-
five, six thousand dollars.
For second of five installments, being twenty-
five dollars for each lodge or family engaged in
agricultural pursuits on the reservation, (one
hundred lodges,) to be expended in stock,
agricultural and otherimplementsandiraprove-
ments under the direction of the Secretary^ of
the Interior, in conformity with sixth article
of treaty of October fourteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For pay of farmer, in conformity with same
article of same treaty, one thousand dollars.
For support of one blacksmith, and for tools,
iron and steel, and other articles necessary for
the blacksmith'sshop, in conformity with same
article of same treaty, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For the building of a saw mill, storehouse,
and for the pay of engineer and employfis,
eight thousand two hundred and forty dollars.
Mhmeconjon Band.
For third of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary oi the Inte-
rior may direct, as per fourth aiticlc of treaty
of October tenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, ten thousand dollars.
Onk-pah-pah Band.
For third of twenty installments, being thirty
dollars for each lodge or family, (three hun-
dred lodges,) to be paid in such articles as the
Secretary of the Interior may direct, as per
fourth article of treaty of October twentieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, nine thousand
dollars.
Ogallala Band.
For third of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary^ of the Inte-
rior may direct, as per fourth article of treaty
of October twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, ten thousand dollars.
Sans Arcs Band.
For third of twenty installments, being thirty
dollars to each lodge or family, (two hundred
and eighty lodges,) to be paid in such articles
as the Secretary of the Interior may direct, as
per fourth article of treaty of October twen-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, eight
thousand lour hundred dollars.
For second of five installments, being twenty-
five dollars for each lodge or family located oh
lands for agricultural purposes, (thirty-eight
lodges,) to be expended in agricultural imple-
ments and improvements, per fifth article
treaty of October twenty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, nine hundred and fifty dollars.
Two Kettles Band.
For third of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior mav direct, as per fourth article of treaty
of October nineteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, six thousand dollars.
'For second of five installments, being twenty-
five dollars for each lodge or family located on
lands for agricultur&l purpo£6Sj hundred
and thirteen lodges.) to be expended in agri-
cultural implements and improvements, per
fifth article treaty of October nineteen, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, two thousand eight
hundred and twenty^five dollars.
For pay of farmer, in conformity with sixth
article of treaty of October nineteenth, eight-
een hundred and sixty-five, one thousand dol-
lars.
For the erection of a blacksmith's shop, in
conformity with sixth article of treaty of Octo-
ber nineteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For the support of one blacksmith, and for
tools, iron and steel, and other articles for the
smith's shop, in conformity with sixth article
treaty of October, nineteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For,the building of a saw mill, storehouse,
and for the pay of engineer and employes,
eight thousand two hundred dollars.
Upper Yanctonais Band.
For third of twenty installments, to be paid
in such articles as the Secretary of the Inte-
rior may direct, as per fourth article tsf treaty
of October twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, ten thousand dollars.
Yanctonais Band.
For third of twenty installments, being
thirty dollars for each lodge or family, (three
hundred and fifty lodges,) to be paid in such
articles as the Secretary of the Interior may
direct, as per fourth article treaty of October
twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
ten thousand five hundred dollars. _
For second of five installments, being twenty-
five dollars for each lodge ot family located on
lands for agricultural purposes, (one hundred
and fifteen lodges,) to be expended in agri-
cultural implements and for improvements,
per fifth article treaty of October twenty,
eighteen hundred and eixty-five, for the fiscal
year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, two thousand eight hundred and
seventy-five dollars.
For pay of farmer, in accordance with fifth
article of treaty of October twentieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five, one thousand dollars.
For the erection of a blacksmith shop, per
the same article of same treaty, five hundred
dollars.
For the support of one blacksmith, and for
tools, iron and steel, and other articles neces-
sary for the blacksmith shop, in conformity
with the same article of the same treaty, one
thousand five hundred dollars: Provided, That
in delivering the annuities herein named to the
Blackfeet, the Lower Brul6, the Minneconjoux,
Oncpapas, Ogalialas, Sans Arcs, Two Kettles,
Upper Yanctonias, and Yanctonias Sioux, if
any persons of the said bands shall be perma-
nently absent, the Secretary may withhold such
part of said appropriation as may be the pro-
portionate share of said absent persons. And
if such absent persons shall be found to be
hostile, or provided for under other treaty
stipulations with the Government, the Secre-
tary may use the proportion of the appropria-
tion due to such part of said bands for the
benefit of other of said bands by the purchase
of stock, provisions, clothing, and agricultural
implements. _
For expenses of transporting and delivering
articles purchased for the several bands of
Sioux Indians, parties to treaties made at tort
Sully in October, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, twenty thousand dollars.
For furnishing the Sisseton and Wahpeton
and Wahpeton Sioux, at Devil's Lake, Da-
kota Territory, with agricultural and mechan-
ical implements, and [to] provide for their
education, as contemplated by the sixth and
seventh articles of treaty February nineteenth,
eighteen hundredand sixty-seven, fifteen thou-
sand dollars, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Eev, H. B. Whipple, of Faribault,
in the State of Minnesota.
For furnishing the Sisseton and Wahpeton
Indians, at Lake Traverse, Dakota Territory,
under the same treaty for the above-named
purposes, thirty thousand dollars, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Rev. II. B.
Whipple, of Faribault, in the State of Minne-
sota; and to pay for provisions and agricultu-
ral implements furnished said Indians during
the winter of eighteen hundred and sixty-sever,
awd eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, seven.
thousand four hundred and fifty-seven dollars
and twenty-five cents.
Six Nations of New York.
For permanent aunuity in clothing and other
useful, articles, per sixth article treaty seven-
teenth November, seventeen hundred and
ninety-four, four thousand five hundred dollars.
S'Klallams.
For third of four installments on sixty thou-
sand dollars, (being the fourth series,) under
the direction of the President, per fifth article
treaty twenty-sixth January,,eighteen hundred
anil fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school,
and for pay for suitable teachers, per eleventh
article treaty twenty-sixth October, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, one thousand five.hun-
dred dollars.
For ninth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer,
and a physician, who shall furnish' medicines
for the sick, per eleventh article treaty twenty-
sixth'October, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand five hundred dollars.
Tabeguache Band of Utah Indians.
For the fifth of ten installments for the pnr-
chase of goods, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, per eighth article
treaty of October seven, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, and Senate amendment of March
twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
ten thousand dollars. . , , ,
For the last of five installments, per tenth
article of same treaty and Senate amendment
thereto, to be applied for the purposes of agri-
culture, and for the purchase of farming u ten-
sils and stock animals, ten thousand dollars.
For the fifth of ten installments, per eighth
article of said treaty, for the purchase of pro-
visions, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, ten thousand dollars.
For the purchase of iron, steel, and neces-
sary tools for blacksmith's shop, as per tenth
article of said treaty, two hundred and twenty
dollars.
For pay of blacksmith and assistant, as per
same article of same treaty, one thousand one
hundred dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and general
incidental expenses of the delivery of goods,
provisions, and stock, as per same article of
same treaty, three thousand dollars.
Umpquas (Crow Creek Band.)
For fifteenth of twenty installments in
blankets, clothing, provisions, and stock, per
third article treaty nineteenth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-three, five hundred
and fifty dollars.
Umpquas and Galapooias, of Umpqua Valley,
Oregon.
E'or fourth of five installments of the third
series of annuity for beneficial objects, to be
expended as directed "by the President, per
third article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
seven hundred dollars.
For fourteenth of fifteen installments for the
pay of a physician and purchase of medicines,
per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
