1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QhOm.
561
Laws of the United States.
40th Gong....2b Sess.
farming tools for Indians in California, forty
thousand dollars.
J or pay of one physician, twelve hundred
dollars; one blacksmith, seven hundred and
fifty dollars; one assistant blacksmith, five
hundred dollars; one farmer, seven hundred
and twenty dollars ; one teacher, seven hundred
and iifty dollars; and one carpenter, seven
hundred and twenty dollars, upon each of the
reservations in California; and one miller, at
seven hundred and fifty dollars, upon each of
the Round Valley and Hoopa Valley reser-
vations.
For the purchase of a grist and saw mill,
Bound Valley reservation, California, five
thousand dollars.
For expenses of removal and subsistence of
Indians, not parties to any treaty, in Oregon
and Washington Territory, and for pay of
necessary employes, twenty thousand dollars.
For an amount to pay the settlers of Hoopa
Valley for their personal property left upon the
Hoopa Valley reservation at the time the Gov-
ernment took possession, four thousand two
hundred and sixty-seven dollars.
For removing the Indians from Smith's
River reservation to Iloopa Valley and Round
Valley reservations, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, and the Smith River reservation is
hereby .discontinued.
Navajo Indians of New Mexico.
For amount of deficiency expended in sub-
sisting the Navajoes at the Bosque Redondo,
according to the contract made by Theodore
H. Dodd, from the twenty-second of May,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, until their
removal to their old homes, twenty-one thou-
sand dollars, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, at eleven cents per ration.
For cost of removal of the Navajoes from the
Bosque Redondo to their old home, and for
sheep, cattle, and corn, as provided for in
article twelve of the new treaty, one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, or so much thereof
as may be needed.
For annuity goods, notexceeding five dollars
per head, as provided in article eight of the
new treaty, thirty-eight thousand five hundred
dollars.
For seeds, farming implements, work cattle,
and other stock, provided for in article seven
of said treaty, two hundred thousand dollars,
to be expended under the direction of Lieu-
tenant General Sherman, of the Indian peace
commission.
For constructing warehouse, agency building,
blacksmith and carpenter's shop, and school-
house, per article three of said treaty, twelve
thousand five hundred dollars, to be expended
under the direction of Lieutenant General
Sherman, of the Indian peace commission.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to
take charge of certain stray bands of Pottawat-
omie and Winnebago Indians, in the State of
Wisconsin, five thousand dollars.
For salary of a special agent to take charge
of Winnebago and Pottawatomie Indians now
in the State of Wisconsin, one thousand five
hundred dollars.
For subsistence, clothing, and general inci-
dental expenses of the Sisseton, Wahpeton,
Medawakanton, and Waupakoota bands of
Sioux or Dakota Indians, known as the Santee
Sioux, at their new homes near the mouth of
the Niobrara, fifty thousand dollars.
For payment of interest on one million six
hundred and ninety thousand three hundred
dollars, non-payingstock, held by the Secretary
of the Interior in trust for various Indian tribes,
up to and including the interest payable July
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, one
hundred thousand one hundred and fifty-three
dollars.
To pay the expenses of a commissioner to
be appointed to fix the cost of property and
improvements on farms confiscated and sold
40tii Cong. 2d Sess.-—No. 36.
by Cherokee nation, under laws of said nation
made during the late rebellion, two thousand
seven hundred and sixty dollars.
For payment of interest on fifteen thousand
dollars, abstracted bonds, for the fiscal year
ending Juno thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-eight, for the Cherokee school fund, nine
hundred dollars.
For payment of interest on sixty-eight thou-
sand dollars, abstracted bonds, for the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, of the Cherokee nationalfund,
four thousand and eighty dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and pro-
visions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and
Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery to the Pawnee, Ponca,
and Yancton Sioux Indians of annuity goods
and provisions, eight thousand dollars.
For thisamountto pay the interest on certain
non-payingstock held in trust by the Secretary
of the Treasury for the Chickasaw Indians, for
the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-nine, fifty-nine thousand
nine hundred and twenty-nine dollars and
ninety-nine cents.
For completing the construction of irrigating
canal on the Colorado reservation in Arizona,
fifty thousand dollars.
For actual necessary expenses incurred, and
that may hereafter be incurred by officers of
the Indian department in the rescue of pris-
oners from Indian tribes and returning them
to their homes, and for expenses incident to
the arrest and confinement within theterritory
of the United States, by order of such officers,
of persons charged with crimes against the
Indians, five thousand dollars.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may
be necessary to establish the Shoshones, Ban-
nocks, and other strolling bands of Indians in
the southern portion of Idaho Territory on
the Fort Hall reservation, on Snake river,
Idaho Territory, including the transportation
of all necessary articles and the material and
labor for the construction of the houses and
mills and pay of necessary employes for one
year, thirty thousand dollars: Provided, That
none of the payments herein provided for shall
be made unless the Secretary of the Interior
shall be satisfied that the tribes, bands, or in-
dividuals named have observed the treaty stip-
ulations under which such payments have
become due, and also the provisions of any
other treaties with the Government to which
they may be parties ; or in case of portions of
said tribes or bands have observed all of said
obligations, payments shall be made to them
pro rata.
For this amount for the purpose of carrying
out the treaty stipulations, making and pre-
paring homes, furnishing provisions, tools and
farming utensils, and furnishing food for such
bands of Indians with which treaties have been
made by the Indian peace commission and not
yet ratified, and defraying the expenses of the
commission in making such treaties, and carry-
ing their provisions into effect, five hundred
thousand dollars, to be expended under the
direction of Lieutenant General Sherman of
said commission, and drawn from the Treasury
upon his requisition upon the Secretary of the
Interior.
Sec. '2. And be it further enacted, That all
goods and merchandise furnished any tribe or
band of Indians under the provisions of this
act shall be turned over by the agent or super-
intendent of such tribe or band to the chiefs
of the tribe or band, to be distributed to the
tribe or baud by the chiefs in such manner as
the chiefs may deem best, and the delivery of
all such goods and merchandise, or annuities
of any character, shall be made in the pres-
ence of a military officer not below the rank
of captain, to be detailed for that purpose by
the commander of the department in which
the delivery shall be made, where such an
officer shall bo stationed within fifty miles of
the place of delivery, which officer shall attest
by his certificate the receipt thereof 5 and no
receipt by Indians for goods or property to
any superintendent or agent shall be valid to
discharge such officer unless the same be ac-
companied by the certificate of such military
officer; showing that said goods were actually
delivered, and are of the quantity and quality
stated in the invoice or bill thereof, a copy of
which shall be attached to the receipt.
Sec. 3. And be it further enaeted, That the
sum of three thousand five hundred dollars,
provided for in the tenth article of the treaty
of March sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, with the Sacs, Foxes, and Iowas, to be
expended by the Secretary of the Interior in
the construction of a toll bridge across the
Great Nemaha river, may be applied to the
purchase of oxen and agricultural implements,
•and so forth, for the use of said Indians, in
compliance with their request.
Sec. 4. And be it further enaeted, That the
sum of ten thousand three hundred and fifty-
six dollars be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to enable the Secre-
tary of the Interior to defray the expenses of
the Cherokee delegation to Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, during the year eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven: Provided, That said
sum be refunded to the Treasury of the United
States out of that portion of the proceeds of the
sale of the Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas
applicable to Cherokee national purposes.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
Committees on Indian Affairs of the Senate
and the House of Representatives shall exam-
ine the claim of the Choctaw and Chickasaw
Indians for all matters of difference between
them and the Government of the United
States, and shall report the result of said
examination to their respective Houses at the
next session of Congress.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
Mendocino Indian reservation in California
be restored to the public lands of the United
States, and the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause the same to be surveyed and offered for
sale iti legal subdivisions, at not less than one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre: Pro-
vided. That any improvement of the United
States on said reservation shall be appraised
by the register and receiver of the land office
of the district, and be paid for by the pur-
chaser of the land on which they are located:
Providedfurther, That all improvements made
by any persons 011 said reservation before the
passage of this act shall be the sole property
of the person making them, who shall have
priority of purchase of six hundred and forty
acres of land covering and adjoining said
improvements, and all said lauds shall be sold
and disposed of for money only.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCXLIX.—An Act concerning the
Rights of American Citizens in Foreign
States.
Whereas the right of expatriation is a nat-
ural and inherent right of all people, indis-
pensable to the enjoyment of the rights of
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness;
and whereas in the recognition of this princi-
ple this Government has freely received emi-
grants from all nations, and invested them
with the rights of citizenship ; and whereas it
is claimed that such American citizens, with
their descendents, are subjects of foreign
States, owing allegiance to the Governments
thereof; and whereas it is necessary to the
maintenance of public peace that this claim
of foreign allcgiatice should be promptly and
finally disavowed: Therefore,
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That any declaration, in-
