1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
677
interesting road. I believe we have had three 11
bills from that committee at this session. One ,
of them proposes, as it has passed, a large
expansion of the currency, because under the "
lead of that committee the Senate voted down
the idea that we were not to vote an expansion,
and it seems to be the opinion of very excel-
lent lawyers that the result is that we are to
have it. That is one of their measures. The
next is to take the tax off cotton for the sake
of relieving our southern brethren particularly.
The third is to collect a tax from the people at
large, getting nothing, as we should get noth-
ing, from the southern States, and then distrib-
ute it in a manner that will enable the South to
pay off the confederate debt. Take the three
measures together and they will exhibit an
excess of liberality and kindness which goes
even beyond anything I have ever been disposed
to do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will postpone any reply
to the rather remarkable speech made by my
honorable friend from Maine until another
occasion.
Mr. CONKLING. Like the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] I do not
wish to detain the Senate in combating tfiis
proposition, but I wish to say before the vote
is taken that I concur heartily with what he
has said. If I felt sure that other objects of
taxation, the products of labor, manufactures,
would be emancipated from taxation—if I felt
sure that the woolen interest of this country,
for example, would be acquitted of all tribute,
as the cotton interest is to be, I should witness
with great pleasure the vote which I have no
doubt the Senate is about to give. But, like ,
the Senator from Wisconsin, I feel quite as
strong an interest in the relief which I know
is demanded by the industry of this country as
any Senator feels in this particular measure,
and if the relief is to be general, if it is to
go to those objects which deeply concern the
people whom 1 represent, then this tax on cot-
ton will go also. But if, perchance, when we
come to the latter days of this session and to
the revenue measure, we shall find that, having
parted with $23,000,000 on cotton, we are com-
pelled to hold other interests in a position
where they are grievously taxed, I think there
will then come a memory of regret that we did
not for the time being do what was called for
in the time being and leave the far hereafter
of this question to be disposed of with other
things.
Mr. STEWART. Inasmuch as I have voted
against the removal of this tax constantly, and
expect now to vote for the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio, I will say this, that I am
informed, after conversation with several mem-
bers of the committees having the .matter of
taxation in charge, that taxes are to be removed
from the industries of the North generally ;
the internal taxation is to be materially re-
duced, reduced everywhere, and to such an
extent that it will be proper for the cotton tax
to go with it; and inasmuch as the House are
firm «pon this question, X have come to the
conclusion to allow the bill to pass.
Mr. MORGAN. After the debate that has
taken place this morning I desire to say a
single word, especially in regard to the remarks
of my friend the honorable Senatorfrom Maine,
[Mr. Fessexdex.]
When this bill first came to -the Senate its
passage did not seem to be doubtful. It had
been recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury in his annual repqrt. It Had also
been recommended by the Special Commis-
sioner of Revenue in a very elaborate report.
It had been recommended and petitioned for
by boards of trade and chambers of commerce
in all sections of the country. I believe there
has never been any remonstrance against it.
It received the unanimous indorsement of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives. It passed the House of
Representatives after a very considerable dis-
cussion by a majority of about four to one. It
came to the Senate. It received the vote of
every member of the Committee on finance
save one; but during the four or five days' de-
bate upon it in the Senate an unexpected and
unlooked-for division of opinion was found
here, resulting in the passage of an amend-
ment suspending the tax for a single year. It
went back to the House of Representatives, :
and the House of Representatives insisted on
their original bill. The Committee on Finance
of the Senate recommended that the Senate
recede. I hope the Senate will recede ; but I
wish the Senate to bear in mind the expres-
sion of public opinion so far as I have related it.
Mr. President, if the position of the cotton
?uestion is as stated by the Senator from Rhode
sland [Mr. Spragve] a few days ago, if we
have lost the monopoly of the cotton culture,
we may well pause and hesitate about taxing
it two and a half cents per pound. But sup-
pose this view to be erroneous; suppose it is
not entirely true; suppose we have in the Uni-
ted States advantages of soil, of climate, and
of labor superior to any other part of the world
for raising cotton, is it the part of wisdom to
trifle with these advantages, to throw them
away? What would you think of a merchant
who had been for a long time successful who
should demand an entrance fee to his store?
Some few might go in and trade with him, but
the great majority wquld never darken his
doors. Sir, while we continue to import as
we have been doing and are doing and are
likely to continue to do, and have to pay $110
for every $100 that we bring from a foreign
country, and these balances, whatever they
are, must be settled in gold, it does not appear j
to be the part of statesmanship to embarrass
the export of anything. Cotton is our great
article of export.
I do not advocate the repeal of the tax on
cotton as a measure of justice to the South
alone, although I think there is enough in it,
as far as the South is concerned, to influence
us to support it; but I advocate it as a meas-
ure of justice to every section of the country,
j North, South, East, and West. I believe that
j the $51,000,000 that we have collected from
I cotton since the first imposition of this tax is
| the dearest $51,000,000 that we have ever
I extracted from the people.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio,
, on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Buckalew, Cat-
tell, Cole, Conness, Corbett, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Ilondricks, Johnson, Mor-
gan, Norton, Patterson of Tennessee. Poraero.v, Shcr-
j man, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
I Willey, and Williams—25.
! NAYS—Messrs. Chandler. Conkling, Drake, Ed-
munds, Ferry, Fessenden, Harlan, Howard, Howe,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Ramsey, Sumner, Thayer, Tipton, and Wade—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cameron, (Jragin, Fowler, G11 th-
rie. Henderson, Patterson of New Hampshire, ltoss,
Saulsbury, Wilson, and Yates—10.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
the committee of conference be appointed?
Mr. SHERMAN and others. By the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be taken to be the sense of the Senate if there
be no objection, and the Chair will appoint Mr.
Morrill of Vermont, Mr. Shermax, and Mr.
Hendricks.
maritime exhibition at iiavke.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose the order of
the day is now before the Senate?
Mr. SUMNER. With the indulgence of the
Senator from Wisconsin, and also of the Sen-
ator from Maryland, I will ask the Senate to
put on its passage a joint resolution reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relations the
other day, and which it is important should be
acted upon promptly. I have nothing to say
about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin yield the floor for that
pur
DOOLITTLE. I will do so informally
if it leads to no debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. It is Senate joint resolution
No. 89, providing for the representation of the
United States at the international maritime ex-
hibition to 1); held at Havre. It is merely for
a detail of naval officers. There will be no
objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There certainly will be
objection to it. . I think we have had about
enough of these international exhibitions.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be read,
and then I am sure the Senator will not make
any objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand it is for
another commission to go wandering to some
far-off portion of the globe to attend an exhi-
bition. v
Mr. SUMNER. Let it be read, and then
the Senator will see precisely what it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have-no objection to
1 its beisrg read, but I certainly have an objection
, to its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secre-
tary will read the resolution.
The Secretary read as follows:
Resolved, inc.. That the Secretary of the Navy be
authorized to detail one or more officers of the Navy,
as he shall think best, to be present at the interna-
tional maritime exhibition, to be held at Havre,
under the auspices of the French Government, from
the 1st of Juno to 31st of October of the present year,
■ there to represent tho United States, and otherwise
1 to promote the interests of exhibitors from our
I country.
| Mr. SUMNER. That is all.
I The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
| tion is on taking up this resolution for consid-
eration.
j Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
taken up. I certainly shall object to it.
Mr. SUMNER. If objection is made of
course I cannot intrude upon the Senator from
Wisconsin. I had supposed there could be no
objection to it. It has been carefully consid-
ered in the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and the chairman of the Naval Committee has
also considered it. There is no appropriation
in it and there is no view to any appropriation
hGrc&ftfir
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
! lution can only be considered by common con-
i sent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I remember very well
when we got up a commission to the Exhibi-
tion at Paris it commenced with a very small
affair.
Mr. SUMNER. But that was an appropria-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And not much was to
be paid, and it kept growing and growing, and
! I think you will find this will cost something.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
I Mr. JOHNSON. I must request the hon-
1 orable member from Massachusetts to agree to
' the postponement of this measure in order that
the case of my colleague-elect may be taken up
at once. I consented very cheerfully to post-
pone it for a moment or two with the under-
standing——
I Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Illinois
perseveres in his objection I hare nothing to
say.
i Mr. JOHNSON. He does, I understand.
[ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
taken up only by unanimous conscnt, inasmuch
as there is another matter before the Senate.
I The Senator from Wisconsin is entitled to the
floor on the resolution offered by the Senator
j from Maryland, [Mr. Jonxsox.]
! reports prom committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the Senator from Wis-
consin is in a very good humor and willing to
give way, I ask leave to make a few reports
from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will not object if they
lead to no discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the reports, no objection being
madfe. ^
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom were referred a reso-
lution of he Grand Council of the Union
League of Maryland iu favor of extending the
