1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
Laws of the United States.
40th Cons....2d Sbss.
circuit or district court of the United States,
for any liability or alleged liability of such
corporation, or any member thereof as such
member, may have such suit removed from
the court in which it may be pending to the
proper circuit or district court of the United
States, upon filing a petition therefor, verified
by oath, either before or after issue joined,
stating they have a defense arising under or by
virtue of the Constitution of the United States,
or any treaty or law of the United States, and
offering good and sufficient surety for entering
in such court on the first day of its session,
copies of all process, pleadings, dispositions,
testimony, and other proceedings in said suit,
and doing such other appropriate acts as are
required to be done by the act entitled "An
act for the removal of causes in certain cases
from State courts," approved July twenty-
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-six; and
it shall be thereupon the duty of the court to
accept the surety and proceed no further in
the suit: and the said copies being entered as
aforesaid in such court of the United States,
the suit shall then proceed in the same manner
as if it had been brought there by original
process, and all the provisions of said act in
this section referred to, respecting any bail,
attachment, injunction, or other restraining
process, and respecting any bond of indemnity
or other obligation given upon the issuing or
granting of any attachment, injunction, or
other restraining process, shall apply with like
force and effect in all respects to similar mat-
ters, process, or things iii the suits for the
removal of which this act provides.
Approved, July 27, 1808.
Chap. CCLVI.—An Act to protect the Eights
of Actual Settlers upon the Public Lands of
the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That in no case shall more
than three sections of public lands of the Uni-
ted States be entered in any one township by
scrip issued to any State under the act approved
July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
for the establishment of an agricultural college
therein.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
CCLVII.—An Act changing the Ports of
Entry from Plymouth to Bdenton, in North
Carolina, and Port Royal to Beaufort, in
South Carolina.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the port of entry in
tlie Albemarle collection district be removed
from Plymouth to Edenton, Noi'th Carolina,
and mIso that Beaufort, in South Carolina, be
created a port of entry in lieu of Port Royal,
which is hereby abolished as a port of entry.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLVIII.—An Act in amendment of
an Act entitled "An Act to establish a Uni-
form System of Bankruptcy throughout the
United States," approved March second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Beit, enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of
second clause of the thirty-third section of said
act shall not apply to the cases of proceedings
in bankrup[t]cy commenced prior to the first
day of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-,
nine, and the time daring which the operation
of the provisions of said clause is postponed
shall be extended until said first day of Jan-
usi.y, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine. And
said clause is hereby so amended as to read as
follows: in all proceedings in bankruptcy com- ji
meuced after the first day of January, eighteen I,
hundred and sixty-nine no discharge shall be
granted to a debtor whose assets shall not be
equal to fifty per centum of the claims proved
against his estate upon which he shall be liable
as the principal debtor, unless the assent in
writing of a majority in number and value of
his creditors to whom he shall have become
liable as principal debtor, and who shall have
proved their claims, be filed in the case at or
before the time of the hearing of the applica-
tion for discharge.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said
act be further amended as follows: the phrase
"presented or defended," in the fourteenth
section of said act, shall read "prosecuted or
defended;" the phrase "non-resident debt-
ors," in line five, section twenty-two, of the
act as printed in the Statutes-at-Large, shall
read "non-resident creditors;" that the word
"or," in the next to the last line of the thirty-
ninth section of the act, shall read "and;" that
the phrase "section thirteen," in the forty-
second section of said act, shall read "section
eleven;" and the phrase " or spends any part
thereof in gaming," in the forty-fourth section
of said act, shall read, "or shall spend any
part thereof in gaming;" and that the words
" with the senior register, or," and the phrase
"to be delivered to the register," in the forty-
seventh section of said act, be stricken out.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That regis-
ters in bankruptcy shall have power to admin-
ister oaths in all cases and in relation to all
matters in which oaths may be administered
by commissioners of the circuit courts of the
United States, and such commissioners may
take proof of debts in bankruptcy in all cases,
subject to the revision of such proofs by the
register and by the court according to the pro-
visions of said act.
Approved, July 27,1868.
Chap. CCLTX.-—An Act to Transfer to the
Department of the Interior certain Powers
and Duties now exercised by the Secretary
of the Treasury in connection with Indian
Affairs.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, Thatthepowersand duties
devolving upon the Secretary of the Treasury,
under and by virtue of the fourth section of the
act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes for
the year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-nine, and for other purposes,"
approved July twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, and the powers and duties
devolving upon him under and by virtue of the
laws relating to the investment of the moneys
in behalf of the Cherokee Indians, from the
sales of land under the treaties concluded at
Pontotoc, October twentieth, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, and at Washington city, May
twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and thirty-
four, as also all other supervisory and appel-
late powers and duties in regard to Indian
affairs which may now by law be vested in
the said Secretary of the Treasury, shall, from
and after the passage of this act, be exercised
and performed by the Secretary of the Depart-
ment of the Interior.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Interior shall cause a new roll
or census to be made of the North Carolina or
Eastern Cherokees, which shall be the roll
upon which payments due said Indians shall
be made.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That here-
after the Secretary of the Interior shall cause
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to take the
same supervisory charge of the Eastern or
North Carolina Cherokees as of other tribes
of Indians.
Approved. July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLX.—An Act to provide foran Amer-
ican Line of Mail and Emigrant Passenger
Steamships between New York and one or
more European Ports.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral is empowered and hereby authorized to
contract with the Commercial Navigation Com-
pany of the State of New York, a corporation
existing under the laws of the State of New-
York, under a special charter passed by the
Legislature of said State under the date of
April twenty-three, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, for the weekly or semi-weekly conveyance
of all European and foreign mails of the U nited
States between New York and Bremen, touch-
ing at Southampton, England, or Liverpool,
touching at Queenstown, in first-class sea-
going steamships, to be constructed in the
United States and owned by said company, for
a term not exceeding fifteen years, in the man-
ner and on the conditions hereafter stated.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said navigation company shall, with a purpose
of performing the above service, build, con-
tract, and fit out, within one year from the
passage of this act, at least seven first-class sea-
going steamships, five of which shall not be of
less than three thousand tons each, Govern-
ment measurement, and two others of not less
than two thousand tons each, all of which ves-
sels shall be constructed in the best manner,
under the supervision and inspection of tbo
American Lloyds, or, if ordered by the Post-
master General, under the inspection of the
most competent engineer, to be detailed for
this purpose by the Secretary of the Navy, upon
a written application of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, so that when completed each vessel shall
be of the first class in every respect, and with
all known modern improvements in model,
machinery, and outfit, so as to secure the
greatestpossiblespeedandsafety; which steam-
ships, when so constructed, shall be organized
into and compose the United States mail steam-
ship line, for the proper conveyance of mails
and passengers, as hereinafter provided; the
time of sailing, and all other details, to be
arranged and agreed upon between the said
company and the Postmaster General, with
power to modify such agreements, from time
to time, as may best promote the object in
view: Provided, That no letters or mail matter
shall be detained for the purpose of being sent
by this line : And provided further, That the
average rate of speed of the steamships of the
Baid navigation company shall not be less than
that of the steamships of other lines upon the
same or similar routes, and if for the space
of three months the trips successively of the
steamships of said company shall be made in
longer time than that employed by other steam-
ships as aforesaid, then any contract made
under the provisions of this act shall cease and
determine at the pleasure of the Government
of the United States.
Sep. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
compensation for carrying and transporting the
mails by sea, as herein provided, shall be
agreed upon, and shall be in conformity with
the act of Congress, approved Juue fourteen,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, and shall in
no event or contingency exceed the sum therein
provided, being all postage on letters, news-
papers, and all other matter transported by or
in the mails carried by said navigation com-
pany, shall belong to said company, and shall
be paid to said navigation company quarterly,
or applied to their use or benefit, as hereinalter
provided: Provided, That when the receipts
of said navigation company from sea. postages,
under any contract to be made in pursuance
of this act, shall equal or exceed the sum of
four hundred thousand dollars per annum, then
the right of said company to receive'the luland
postages shall cease and determine, and said
company shall only receive the sea postages :
