564
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jul y.ar,
40th Cohg....2d
Laws of the United States.
Provided, That such postages shall not exceed
six hundred thousand dollars per annum after
the discontinuance of said inland postage.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That to
insure the construction of the above-mentioned
vessels within the time and in the manner
hereinbefore provided, and the maintenance
of the said line, the said Commercial Naviga-
tion Company may issue bonds to such an
amount that the entire annual interest thereon
shall not exceed the sum of two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars, such bonds to be made
payable at the expiration of the before-named
fifteen years, and the interest thereof to be
made payable semi-annually, the principal and
interest of such bonds to be made payable in
coin of the United States. That for the pro-
tection of the, holders of such bonds they shall
be severally registered -at the Post Office De-
partment, and certified by the chief clerk of
the Department, without liability for the pay-
ment of the interest or principal of said bonds
upon the part of the Post Office Department
only in manner as hereinafter provided. And
the Postmaster General shall receive all
moneys for postage earned by the steamships
of said company, and shall apply the same as far
as needed to the payment of the semi-annual
interest upon the before-named bonds, and
shall retain the surplus after paying such in-
terest, and shall invest the same quarterly in
the securities of the United States to form a
sinking fund, to be held solely for the benefit
of the bondholders, and to be applied to the
payment of the principal of such bonds. And
whenever, and as soon as such sinking fund
shall equal in amount the entire principal of
said bonds, then from that time forward the
interest of said bonds shall be paid out of the
income of such sinking fund, and the princi-
pal thereof out of the same fund at their ma-
turity. And all postage earned after the time
when said sinking fund shall be made up to
the amount .aforesaid shaji belong,to.and be
paid quarterly to tjj« ;said company by the
Postmaster General of the United States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
aforesaid mail steamships shall be commanded
and officered only by citizens of the United
States, shall mount an armament, if required,
of two guns each, and shall have at least one
apprentice to be instructed in engineering,
seamanship, and navigation, for every two
hundred, tons of registered tonnage for' each
steamship; and the Government of the United
States shall have the power to take and use the
aforesaid mail steamships as transports or for
ships of war whenever, in the opinion of the
President, the exigencies of. the United States
may require them, who is authorized, in such
an event, to take said mail steamers and pay
said company, a just and equitable sum for
their use, or purchase the same, as may be
deemed most for the interest of the United
States; said payment,whether for purchase or
use, to be made to the Postmaster General,
who shall pay to said navigation company
whatever balance be due them, after deducting
sufficient for payment for all the before-named
registered bouds, the amount of which in this
event shall be paid to the holders thereof at
maturity of the same.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
foreign mail agents of the Government of the
United States shall have free passage on the
ships of the said Commercial Navigation Com-
pany whenever the Postmaeter General to such
foreign mail agents issues passes certifying to
the said company that such is their official
character.
Seo. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
said navigation company shall keep up and
maintain for a period of twenty years, for the
said United States mail service, at least the
said number of seven first-class steamships.
_ Seo. 8. And be it further enacted, That the
rights and privileges herewith granted shall be
and remain to this company, and in no event
shall this company transfer or assign the rights
and privileges herein granted, nor shall it be
lawful for any officer of the Government here-
after to recognize any assignment or transfer,
it being the intent and meaning of this act to
secure an American line of of steam vessels
for the transportation of mails and the proper
conveyance of emigrant passengers between
the port of New York and the European ports
above named; and Congress may at any time
hereafter, during the period of fifteen years,
terminate or abandon any contract of the Uni-
ted States made with such company, and, hav-
ing a due regard to the accrued rights of the
said company, alter, repeal, or amend this act,
and it shall take effect and be in force from
and after its passage.
Approved, July 27, 1868. . ,
Chap. CCLXI.—An Act relating to the Alex-
andria Canal.
Whereas by an act of Congress, on the
twenty-sixth day of May, eighteen hundred
and thirty, the Alexandria Canal Company
was incorporated, and authorized and em-
powered to construct, operate, and maintain
a canal from Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, to Alexandria, in the State of Vir-
ginia, with an aqueduct across the Potomac
river at. Georgetown ; and whereas by an act
of the General Assembly of the State of Vir-
ginia, passed on the sixteenth day of February,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, the board of
public works was authorized to unite with the
corporate authorities of the city of Alexandria
in making disposition of the Alexandria canal,
in order to repair and make said canal avail-
able ; and whereas said board of public works
did, in pursuance of said authority, so unite
with said corporate authorities, and did by
their joint vole, and a vote of the majority of
the stockholders of said canal company, em-
power and direct the president and directors
of the said canal company to lease the said
canal for the period of ninety-nine years;
and whereas the said president and directors,
in pursuance of said authority, did, on the
sixteenth day of May, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, grant, lease, and convey the said
canal, its aqueduct, locks, banks, lands, gates,
and property of all description to Henry IT.
Wells, Philip Quigley, and William W. Dun-
gan, the grantees therein named ; and whereas
afterward, and by an act passed by the Gene-
ral Assembly of the State of Virginia, on the
seventeenth day of April, eighteen hundred
and sixty-seven, the said lease was ratified and
affirmed, and the lessees were further author-
ized and empowered to build, operate, and
maintain a new aqueduct, and in conjunction
therewith a railroad and a road bridge across
said piers, and build, operate, and maintain a
railroad from Georgetown to Alexandria ; and
whereas the said lessees have entered into
possession of and repaired the said canal, and
have erected a new aqueduct across the said
Potomac river upon the said piers connecting
the Chesapeake and Ohio canal with the said
Alexandria canal: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in,
Congress assembled, That the said aqueduct
across the Potomac river from Georgetown to
the Virginia shore, and so connecting the said
canals, is hereby declared to be a lawful struc-
ture in its present position and elevation, anj'-
thing in any law or laws of the United States,
or of any State,"to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
said lessees, their associates, their heirs, and
assigns, are hereby authorized and empowered
to maintain and operate said aqueduct, and to
erect, build, operate, and maintain across the
Potomac river from Georgetown, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to the Virginia shore, upon
and over the stone piers upon which the aque-
duct now rests, in conjunction therewith, a
bridge of wood, iron, or stone, with one or
more ways for the passage of persons; animals,
and vehicles; and also with one :or more-tracks
or ways for the passage of engines and cars,
with such other conveniences as are usual or
necessary for a railroad. - ■
Sec.. 3. And be-it further enacted, That it
shall be lawful for the said lessees, their asso-
ciates and successors, to lay otitj -construct,
maintain, and operate a xailroa'd across said
bridge from Georgetown, in .the District of
Columbia, to the Virginia shore, and there to
connect with said railroad;
Sec. 4r. And be it further enacted. That as
soon as the chief engineer of the Army shall
certify to the Secretary of War that the said
bridge is so far completed as to be ready, fit,
and convenient for- the passage of persons,
animals, and vehicles, the said lessees, their
successors, and their legal representatives, may
demand, have, and receive, in advance, the
following tolls, to wit: for any foot passenger
crossing on said bridge, two cents;- for any
horse, mule, or jack, any ox, or other horned
cattle, five cents ; for any vehicle drawn by one
animal, fifteen cents; drawn by two animals;
twenty-five cents; drawn by four animals,
thirty-five cents, but no extra charge shall be
made for the driver of such vehicle; for any
hog, sheep, or other live creature, one cent;
which certificate shall be published for three
weeks in two daily papers in the city of Wash-
ington at the expense of the company: Pro-
vided, however, That it shall be lawful for said
lessees to commute those rates to persons
requiring yearly passes ; which said rates, or
other lower rates to be by them prescribed from
time to time, the said lessees may demand in
advance, or may sue for, have, and receive,
of and from any person who shall pass over
said bridge, or who shall send, ride, or drive
any animal or vehicle over the said bridge
without first paying said tolls. And any person
who shall attempt to injure said bridge, or to
pass over the same, or to pass his animals over
it, without first paying the tolls prescribed
herein, or shall attempt to force said bridge,
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
be subject to a fine ot not less than five dollars
nor more than ten dollars for each offense, to
be recovered in any court having jurisdiction
of misdemeanors in the District of Columbia:
Provided, however, That a conviction for such
misdemeanor shall not in any wise be a bar to
any suit brought to recover damages for an
injury to said bridge: Provided, however, That
said bridge is open and free for the passage of
troops and munitionsofwarbytheUnited States
without charge or compensation of any kind.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in
case the said bridge shall not be fully com-
pleted within five years from the passage of
this act, then this act shall be null and void.
Sbc. 6. And be it further enacted, That said
company shall not grant to any railroad or
other corporation the exclusive right to transfer
passengers or freight over Said railroad bridge,
but, any privilege granted to one corporation
shall be extended to all who may make appli-
cation for such privilege on equal terms ; and
shall not sell, transfer, or lease their corporate
rights to any company that will not check bag-
gage or commute fares with all railroads north
or south.
Sec. 1. And be it further enacted, That the
right is hereby reserved to Congress to amend,
alter, or repeal this act.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXII.—An Act making Appropri-
ations for the Service of the Columbia Insti-
tution for the Instruction of the Deaf and
Dumb, and establishing Additional Regu-
lationsforthe Government of the Institution,
and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentative* of the United States of America in
assembled, That the following gums
