566
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 27,
40tii Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
een hundred and sixty-one, or shall hereafter
die, leaving a widow entitled to a pension, and
a child or children under sixteen years of age
by a fotmerwife, each of said children shall
be entitled to receive two dollars per month,
to commence from the death of their father
and contirue until they severally attain the
age of sixteen years, to bo paid to the guard-
ian of such child or children for their use and
benefit: Provided, however, That in all cases
where such widow is charged with the care,
custody, and maintenance of such child or
children, the said sum of two dollars per
month for each of said children shall be paid
to her for and during the time she is, or may
have been, so charged with the care, custody,
and maintenance of such child or children, sub-
ject to the same conditions, provisions, and
limitations as if they were her own children
by her said deceased husband.
:SsEe. 5. And be it further enacted, That in
all cases where an increased pension has been
or may hereafter be granted to any widow or
guardian of the children under sixteen years
of age of a deceased soldier or sailor under
an act entitled "An act increasing the pen-
sions of widows, and for other purposes,"
approved July twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, or auy subsequent act, such
widow, or the guardian of such children, shall
not be deprived of such increase by reason of
any child or children of such deceased soldier
or sailor being the inmate of any home,
orphans' asylum, or other public or private
charitable institution organized for the care
and education of soldiers' orphans under the
laws of any of the States, or in any school or
institution where such orphan may in whole
or in part be maintained or educated at the
expense of a State, or of the public.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That all
pensions which have been granted in conse-
quence of death occurring or disease, con-
tracted, or wounds received, since the fourth
day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
or may hereafter be granted, shall commence
from the discharge or from the death of the
person on whose account the pension has been
or shall hereafter be granted : Provided, That
the application for such pension has been, or
shall hereafter be, filed with the Commis-
sioner of Pensions within five years after the
right thereto shall have accrued; except that
applications by or in behalf of iusane persons
and children under sixteen years of age may
be filed after the expiration of the said five
years, if previously thereto they were without
guardian^ or other proper legal representa-
tives.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That
immediately upon the passage of this act, or
as soon thereafter as may be practicable, it
shall be the duty of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions to give public notice of the contents of
the foregoing section, particularly at the offices
of the several pension agencies ; and upon any
application by letter or otherwise for or on
behalf of any person entitled to the benefit of
its provisions, or upon any notification that
sach person is so entitled, to pay or cause to
be paid to him all such arrears of pensions as
ho may be entitled to under the provisions of
the said section; and no claim agent or other
person shall be entitled to receive any com-
pensation for services in making application
for the arrears of pension under this and the
preceding section.
Sec. 8. Andbeitfurther enacted, Thatsection
eleven of an act entitled "An act supplement-
ary to the several acts relating to pensions,"
approved June six, eighteen hundred and
sixty six. be amended and reenacted so as to
read as follows: ''That if any officer, soldier,
or seaman shall have died of wounds received or
of disease contracted in the line of duty in the
military or naval service of the United States,
leaving a widow and a child or children under
the age of sixteen years, and it shall be duly
certified under seal, by any court having pro-
bate jurisdiction, that satisfactory evidence
has been produced before sach court that, the
widow aforesaid has abandoned the care of
such child or children, or is an unsuitable
person, by reason of immoral conduct, to have
the custody of the same, or on presentation
of satisfactory evidence thereof to the Com-
missioner of Pensions, then no pension shall
be allowed to such widow until said child or
children shall have severally become sixteen
years of age, auy previous enactment to the
contrary notwithstanding; and the child or
children aforesaid shall be pensioned in the
same manner as if no widow had survived the
said officer, soldier, or seaman, and such pen-
sion may be paid to the regularly authorized
guardian of such child or children."
Sec. 9. Andbeit further enacted, Thatsec-
tion six of an act entitled "An act supplement-
ary to the several acts relating to pensions,"
approved June six, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, be, and the same is hereby, amended
and reenacted, so as to read as follows: that
if any person entitled to a pension has died
since March fourth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one, or shall hereafter die while an appli-
cation for such pension is pending, leaving no
widow and no child under sixteen years of age,
his or her heirs or legal representatives shall
be entitled to receive the accrued pension to
which the applicant would have been entitled
had the certificate been issued before his or
her death.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the
remarriage of any widow or dependent mother,
otherwise entitled to a pension prior to the
application therefor, or to the issue of a pen-
sion certificate to her, shall not debar her
right to a pension for the period elapsing from
the death of her husband or son, on account
of whose services and death she may claim a
pension, to her remarriage: Provided, how-
ever, That nothing in this section shall be con-
strued to repeal or modify the fourth section
of an act entitled "An act supplementary to
the several acts granting pensions," approved
March third, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Sec. 11, And be it further enacted, That the
provisions of the ninth section of an act ap-
proved July fourth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, entitled, "An act supplementary
to 'An act to grant pensions,'" are hereby
continued in force for five years from the
fourth day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That
section one of an act entitled "An act sup-
plementary to the several acts relating to pen-
sions," approved June sixth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, shall be so construed as to secure
to every person entitled by law before the-pas-
sage of said act to a less pension than twenty-
five dollars per month, who while in the mili-
tary or naval service and in the line of duty,
or in consequence of wounds received or dis-
ease contracted therein, having only one eye,
shall have lost the same, a pension of twenty-
five dollars per month.
Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted, That the
third section of an act entitled "An act increas-
ing the pensions of widows and orphans, and
for other purposes," approved July twenty-
fifth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, shall be
so construed as to place all pensioners whose
right thereto accrued subsequently to the war
of the Revolution, and prior to the fourth day
of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, on
the same footing, as to rate of pension, from
and after the passage of said act, as those who
have been pensioned under acts passed since
said fourth day of March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one; and the widows of revolution-
ary soldiers and sailors now receiving a less
sum shall hereafter be paid at the rate of eight
dollars per month.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That all
officers in the military or naval service, of the
rank of captain in the Army or lieutenant in
the Navy, and of less rank, who have losta leg
or arm in such service and in the line of duty,
or in consequence of wounds received or dis-
ease contracted therein, shall be entitled to
receive .-.n artificial limb on the same terms as
privates in the Army are nowentitled to receive
the same.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That in
all cases pensions heretofore or hereafter
granted by special acts of Congress shall be
subject to be varied in amount according to
the provisions and limitations of' the pension
laws.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the
foregoing provisions of this act be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXV.—An Act to pay for Indexing
the Tax Bill.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Clerk of the
House of Representatives be, and he vs hereby,
authorized to pay out of the contingent fund
of the House of Representatives, to the clerk
of the Committee of AVays and Means, one
hundred dollars for preparing, by order of the
House, a full index of the "Act imposing taxes
on distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other
purposes," approved July twentieth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight.
Approved. July 27, 1SG3.
Chap. CCLXVI.—An Act to correct an Error
in the Enrollment of the '' Act imposingTaxes
on Distilled Spirits and Tobacco, and for
other purposes."
Be it enacted by the Senate and Souseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the last clause of
the first sentence of section forty-eight of the
"Act imposing taxes on distilled spirits and
tobacco, and for other purposes," approved
July twentieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
eight, be amended so that it will read : " ; or
three dollars per dozen bottles, each bottle
containing not more than one pint," etc.,
instead of " each bottle containing more than
one pint," etc.; the word "not" having been
omitted in the enrollment of the act.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXVIT.—An Act amendatory of an
Act entitled "An Act granting Public Lands*
to the State of Wisconsin to aid in the con-
struction of Railroads in said State," ap-
proved June 3, 1856.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That it shall and mav be
lawful for the Legislature of the State of Wis-
consin to dispose of the lands granted and
which may have inured and been certified to
the State of Wisconsin under the act of Con-
gress approved June third, eighteen hundred
jl and fifty six. to aid in the construction of a
|i railroad "from Madison or Columbus, by way
jj of Portage City, to the Saint Croix river or
ij lake, between township twenty-five and tliirtj-'
one," and commonly known as La Crosse and
Milwaukee-railroad, for the benefit of the
Wisconsin Railroad Farm Mortgage Laud
Company, existing under and by virtue of the
| laws of Wisconsin: Provided, however, That
this act shall apply only to such kinds as may
j be due the State of Wisconsin for the portion
j of said road already completed.
1 Approved, July 27, 1S68.
