1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
Laius of the United States.
40th Coxa...2d Sess.
Chap. CCLXVIII.—An Act granting the Eight
of Way to certain Railway Companies over
the Military Reservation at Fort Leaven-
worth.
Be.it enactedbythe Senateand Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the right of way, not
exceeding one hundred feet in width, is hereby
granted to the Leavenworth and Des Moines
Railway Company, a corporation created under
the laws of the State of Missouri, to construct
atid operate a railway across the military res-
ervation at Fort Leavenworth, on the east side
of the Missouri river, upon a line to be desig-
nated and fixed by the Secretary of War.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
right of way, not exceeding one hundred feet
in width, is hereby granted to the Leavenworth,
Atchison, and Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, a corporation created under the laws of
the State of Kansas, to constructed operate
a railroad across and over the military reser-
vation at Fort Leavenworth, in the State of
Kansas, upon such line as shall be designated
and fixed by the Secretary of War: Provided,
That if the said company shall not construct,
within one year from the passage of this act,
a railway from the city of Leavenworth to the
city of Atchison, then, and in that case, a like
privilege is hereby conferred upon any other
company that shall construct a railway between
said cities.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXIS.—An Act donating a portion
of the Fort Leavenworth Military Reserva-
tion for the exclusive use of a Public Road.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That a strip ot land oue
hundred feet in width along along the southern
boundary of the Fort Leavenworth military
reservation, in the State of Kansas, extending
ft mn the Missouri river to the western boundary
thereof, be set apart for the perpetual and
exclusive use of a public road; and the said
road shall be and remain a public highway for
the use of the Government of the United
States, free from tolls or other charges upon
the transportation of any property, troops, or
mails of the United Slates.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That
Congress may at any time amend or repeal
this act.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Ch vp. CCLXX.—An Act regulating theTimes
and Places of holding the District and Cir-
cuits Courts ot the United States ior the
Northern District ot Florida.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the times and places
of holding the United States district and cir-
cuifc courts for the northern district of lHlonda
shall hereafter be as follows: at Jacksonville,
on the first Monday of December: at lalla-
hassee, on the first Monday of February ; and
at, Pensacola. on the first Monday of March.
Snu. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
terms of the United States courts heretofore
held at Saint Augustine and Appalachicola be
hereafter discontinued.
. AmtcnEi), July 27, 1S68.
Ch vp CCLXXL—An Act to disapprove an
AC of the Legislative Assembly of Washing-
ton Territory redisricting the Territory and
reassigning the Judges thereto.
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States oj America m
Congress assembled, Ihat the act of'the Lefeis
1 alive Assembly of the Territory of Washing-
ton, approved January twenty-fieighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, enti led An act
defining the several judicial districts of the
Territory and assigning the judges thereto,-'
be, and the same is hereby, disapproved.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXII.—An Act to amend an Act
entitled "An Act proposing to the State of
Texas the establishment of her Noithern
and Western Boundaries, the relinquish-
ment by the said State of all Territory claimed
by her exterior to said Boundaries, and of
all her Claims upon the United States, and
to establish a Territorial Government for
New Mexico.
Beit enactedbythe Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congxess assembled, That the aforesaid act
shall be amended as follows: every bill which
shall have passed the council and house of
representatives of the said Territory shall,
before it becomes a law, be presented to the
Governor of the Territory; if he approve he
shall sign it, but if he do not approve it he
shall return it with his objections to the house
in which it originated, who shall enter the
objections at large upon their journal, and
proceed to reconsider it. If after such recon-
sideration, two thirds of that house shall pass
the bill, it shall be sent, together with the
objections, to the other house, by which it
shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved
by two thirds of that house it shall become
a law, the Governor's objections to the con-
trary notwithstanding. But in such cases the
votes of both houses shall be determined by
yeas and nays, and entered upon the journal
of each house respectively. And if the Gov-
ernor shall not return any bill presented to
him for approval, after its passage by both
houses of the Legislature, within three days,
(Sundays excepted,) after such presentation,
the same shall become a law in like manner
as if the Governor had approved it: Provided,
however, That the Assembly shall not have
adjourned sine die, during the three days pre-
scribed as above, ill which case it shall not
become a law.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted, That, from
and after the passage of this act, the secretary
of the Territory of New Mexico shall be ex-
officio superintendent of public buildings and
grounds, and shall have all control and man-
agement, of all public buildings now erected, in
progress of erection, or to be hereafter erected,
and of all grounds pertaining thereto ; and he
shall be under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, who shall establish such rules
in relation to said public buildings and grounds
as in his judgment he may devise, and for his
services as such superintendent shall receive
an annual salary of one thousand dollars, to
take effect from and after the passage of this
act; and it shall be the duty of the secretary
of said Territory, upon the convening of the
Legislature thereof, to administer the oath ot
office to the members-elect of the two houses
and the officers thereof when chosen ; and no
other person shall be competent to administer
said oath, save in the absence of thesecretary;
in which case any one member of either house
may ad minister the oath to the presiding officer
elect, and he shall administer the same to the
members and other officers: Provided, That
the annual salary of the secretary of said Terri-
tory shall be two thousand dollars per annum
from and after the first day of February, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven.
Appkoved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXTII.— An Act to extend the Laws
of the United States relating to Customs,
Commerce, and Navigation over the Terri-
tory ceded to the United States by Russia,
to establish a Collection District therein, uud
for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the hinted States oi America, hi
Congress assembled, That the Liv. B of tka lT wiHl
States relating to customs, commerce, and nav-
igation be, and the same are hereby, extended
to and over all the mainland, islands, and
waters of the territory ceded to the United
States by the Emperor of Russia, by treaty con-
cluded at Washington on the thirtieth day of
March, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, so far as the same may be applica-
ble thereto.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all
of the said territory, with its ports, harbors,
bays, rivers, and waters, shall constitute a cus-
toms collection district, to he called the dis-
trict of Alaska, for which said district a port
of entry shal lbe established at some conven-
ient point to be designated by the President,
at or near the town of Sitka or New Arch-
angel: and a collector o'f customs shall he
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, who shall
reside at the said port of entry, and who shall
receive an annual salary of two thousand five
hundred dollars, in addition to the usual legal
fees and emoluments of the office. But his
entire compensation shall not exceed four thou-
sand dollars per annum, or a proportionate
sum for a less period of time.
Sec, 3. Andbeit further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized to make and prescribe such regu-
lations as he may deem expedient for the
nationalization of all vessels owned by actual
residents of said ceded territory on and since
the twentieth day of June, anuo Domini eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, and which shall
continue to have been so owned up to the date
of such nationalization, and that from any
deputy collector of customs upon whom there
has been, or shall hereafter be, conferred anv
of the powers of a collector under and by v.r-
tue of the twenty-ninth section of the "Act
further to prevent smuggling, and for other
purposes," approved July eighteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall have power to require bonds m
favor of the United States iu such amount as
the said Secretary shall prescribe for the faith-
ful discharge of official duties by such deputy.
Sec. 4. Andbc it farther enacted, That the
President shall have power to restrict and reg-
ulate or to prohibit the importation and use of
fire-arms, ammunition, and distilled spirits
into and within the said Territory. And the
exportation of the same from any other port
or place in the United States when destined to
any port or place in the said territory, and all
such arms, ammunition, and distilled spirits,
exported or attempted to be^ exported from
any port or place in the United States and
destined for such territory, in violation of any
regulatious that, may be prescribed under this
section ; and all such arms, ammunition, and
distilled spirits, landed or attempted^ to be
landed or used at any port or place in said
territory, in violation of said regulations, shall
be forfeited ; and if the value of the same shall
exceed four hundred dollars, the vessel upon
which the same shall be found, or from which
they shall have been landed, together with her
tackle, apparel and furniture, and cargo, shall
be forfeited; and any person willfully violating
such regulation shall, on conviction, be fiued
in any sum not exceeding five hundred dol-
lars, or imprisoned not more than six months.
And bonds may be required for a faithful ob-
servance of such regulations from the master
or owners of any vessel departing from any
port in the United States having on board fire-
arms, ammunition, or distilled spirits, when
such vessel is destined to any place in said ter-
ritory, or if not so destined, when there shall
be reasonable ground of suspicion that such
articles are intended to be landed therein in
violation of law ; and similar bonds may also
be required on the landing of any such arti-
cles in the said territory from the person to
whom the same may be consigned.
Sue. j. And be it further etuuled, That the
