1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
085
exists *3 other powers which we have asserted
during the war exist: but, as I said before, they
are only to be exercised in very extraordinary
cases.
As wo stand now, it would be, in my judg-
ment, dangerous in the extreme for Congress
to assume the power of excluding a man who
was sent here with the proper credentials on
mere presumptions or mere suppositions or
mere ideas of what the man is. The ordinary
question presented to the Senate in such a case
is with regard to his qualifications as prescribed
by the Constitution itself: and it is only within
a very recent period that it has become neces-
sary to go further, as we have gone further,
and as we unquestionably had a right to do,
and prescribe another qualification, if you
choose so to call it; that is to say, prescribe
a rule of admission by designating an oath to
be taken which has reference to the qualifica-
tions. or rather to the disqualifications, of the
individual. I voted for that. I think we had
a right to pass it. I think that it was our duty
to pass it; and I stand by it now.
The question, however, as presented to us
now, is beyond that. It is whether we shall
assume the responsibility of Refusing to permit
this gentleman to take the oath. He professes
himself willing to take it. We are called upon
by many gentlemen who have spoken here to
say that he shall not be permitted to do it,
because it is one of those cases where we are
called upon, outside of any constitutional pro-
vision, and outside of any legal provision, to
exclude this man on the doctrine of self-pro-
tection, for no other, I think, can be adduced
to support the proposition. While I do not
give up the right in any case that may present
itself to exercise my own jtfdgment with ref-
erence to that matter, I wish to say gene-
rally that the power which we have under the
Constitution to judge of the qualifications of
members of the body is not a mere arbitrary
power, to be exerted according to the will of
the individuals who may vote nponthe subject.
It ought to be a power subject to certain rules
and founded upon certain principles. So it
was up to a very late period, until the rebel-
lion. The rule simply was, if a man came here
and presented proper credentials froift his State,
to allow him to take the ordinary oath, which
we all took, to support the Constitution, and
be admitted, and if there was any objection to
him to try that question afterward. That was
the universal rule. If, however, there was "a
very serious objection interposed to his doing
that, it sometimes raised a question, but almost
invariably we went no further. He was first
admitted, and the question of his right to his
seat was tried afterward.
The ground now assumed, the objection, is
one not of that character at all. Gentlemen
have said he should be admitted, but we could
expel him afterward, if we chose. The rule
of expulsion is not a rule of a majority, and
there is, therefore, no resemblance between the
cases, and my mind is not affected by that ar-
gument. But I still revert to the original propo-
sition, that while I claim that the power which
we assert outside of the Constitution (that is
not given by any particular provision of the
Constitution) and outside of any enactment
of law might be exercised in certain instances,
yet it would be extremely dangerous for us,
upon mere doubtful grounds, upon anything
that can be explained consistently with a man's
innocence, to say that we will not allow him to
purge himself by taking the oath that is pre-
scribed by the law referred to.
What would be the consequeuce? It is, in
fact, asserting that each case may be tried by
itself; that every individual of the Senate,
without any legal "rule or constitutional rule,
is to judge for himself whether he thinks the
man ought to come here—that is about the
amount of it—on his own idea of what the man
is and what he has been. Well, sir, carry that
out, make a precedent of it, make a practice
of it, and what becomes of the Senate of the
United States or of the House of Represent-
atives, if such questions arise in the House of
Representatives? It is a mere arbitrary de-
cision j and arbitrary decisions founded upon
no constitutional or legal rule, although they
may be absolutely necessary in some cases,
make a precedent which, if followed, exposes
the very existence of the Senate itself or the
body which resorts to it. It is apt, and may
and would be very likely, to degenerate into a
mere queslion of party acts and party views.
Suppose, for instance, we stood here in a ma-
jority of one simply, and this gentleman should
present himself, and if he came in his vote
would make a tie in this body, or that we stood
already a tie, and if he came in his vote would
give a majority to the Democracy, the tempta-
tion would be very strong, if we could get up
any excuse for it, to keep him out if we thought
we could do so. I am unwilling to expose any
body of which I am a member to such tempta-
tions arising from establishing an arbitrary rule
which neither the Constitution nor the law jus-
tifies.
We must reflect that all these things have a
bad tendency. Parties do not remain in power
always, and if one sets an evil example or a
dangerous example, from whatever good mo-
tives, the probability is that the other will fol-
low it. 1 will say, moreover, that I think in
doing this, even putting the worst construction
upon it, we should be doing no worse in reality
than the Senate has done heretofore since I
have been a member of it, when the Demo-
cratic party was in power, when they excluded
gentlemen from their seats who were legally
end properly elected. But, leaving all that
out of the question, I am unwilling to subject
the Senate to the danger. I think the example
is an evil one, to undertake to do anything of
our mere will under circumstances which are
not strong enough to bring about the necessity
or to be a clear proof of the necessity of which
I have spoken.
Apply these principles to the case of Mr.
Thomas. There have been two objections made
to him outside of his speech in Maryland to
which I attach no sort of consequence whatever.
There have been worse speeches ten times over
made in my State by men about whom we could
not raise a question if they should come here
and present themselves as Senators ; and it is
very doubtful what the speech was. But take
the admitted facts and decide upon them. What
are they? One of them is that he resigned his
post as Secretary of the Treasury at a trying
time to the country. Well, sir, with itgard to
that, if he was in sympathy with the rebels, and
I have no doubt he was—that is my opinion of
him from all that I have seen—if his sympa-
thies were really with the rebels upon th^t occa-
sion, it has been well answered by the Senator
from Pennsylvania that the way for him to
have advanced their purposes would have been
to stay in the Treasury, where he could have
been of use to them, and not leave his post and
go back to his farm in Maryland. That would
have been the natural thing for him to do.
But, sir, I do not place the construction upon
that letter of his which other gentlemen do. I
havq read it carefully more than once with a
view to see what it does mean. In my judg-
ment, it refers to nothing else in the world than
the mere question of collecting the revenue in
the manner then proposed.
Mr. HOWARD. It is far broader than that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The language is a little
broader in the first part of the sentence, bat it
is qualified by the other. There is no evidence
whatever that he referred to anything else. He
is speaking of how he may embarrass Mr. Buch-
anan and Mr. Buchanan's Cabinet; and the
whole sentence to my mind conveys this idea:
" Sir, you have decided to collect revenue in
the port of Charleston in a particular manner.
That manner, in my judgment, is not justified
by existing laws. I have expressed that opin-
ion repeatedly. I think so now; and thinking
that you have no right'to do it, and it havir^
been decided to do it under existing laws, and
I thinking that there is no such power, my stay-
ing in the Treasury will embarrass you, and I
therefore withdraw. I cannot remain consist-
ently with my expressed opinions on that sub-
ject." In my judgment, that is all there is of
that letter; that is the true construction of it;
it has no reference to anything else. He was
speaking of matters that came under his own
personal management as Secretary of the Treas-
ury—the collection of the revenue. In that I
agree with him. There was no law to author-
ize the collection of the revenue in that way.
If justified at all, it is justified by the necessity
of the case. He was right with regard to the
law: the revenue could not be (jollected on
board ship. The law with regard to the collec-
tions of the customs had fixed definitively how
i the revenue could be collected, and where and
! in what manner. Therefore, so far as any legal
provisions were concerned, he was right about
it; and Congress so decided, because at the
very next session, in July following, Congress
passed a law expressly for that purpose, to
authorize the collection on board ship.
Mr. JOHNSON. They did it in 1832 also.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But for this case, ad-
mitting the fact that there was no law, no legal
provision by which the revenue could be col-
lected at that time, according to the decision of
j the Cabinet, in the harbor of Charleston, in the
July session following Congress provided for it
i in order to legalize it, and if gentlemen will
turn to the act, which is familiar to us all, with
reference to that matter, they will so find.
Here is all there is of that, in my judgment;
and I do not think it amounts to anything or
shows anything one way or the other, except
that Mr. Thomas having, as he states himself,
expressed his opinion openly aDd decidedly, on
more than one occasion, that it could not be
legally done, and they having decided to do it, he
said, "I withdraw from the Cabinet; I will
not embarrass your action ; I cannot do what
I believe to be illegal." Therefore that mat-
ter, with reference to Mr. Thomas' letter of re-
signation, has produced no influence whatever
upon my mind.
With regard to the other point I have but
very few words to say. It is a matter that we
do not agree about, even on this side of the
House, among Republicans. There are those
among ourselves, there were those upon the
Committee on the Judiciary, who believed that.
Mr. Thomas's act was an innocent act so far
as furnishing his son with money was concerned.
That he was not much of the old Roman ; that
he was not a stern and severe father, that h 
did not love bis country as it stood better than
he did his child, is very evident. As I said
before, it is quite evident to me, from the wholes
history of Mr. Thomas, that his sympathies,
like the sympathies of a great many leading
men of Maryland, perhaps the most of them,
were with the rebellion. But, nevertheless,
suppose they were. Suppose Mr. Floyd—and
he is an eminent instance—had written a letter
to Mr. Buchanan, saying, "Sir, I withdraw from
the Cabinet because my sympathies are with
the people of Virginia; I think they have a
right to secede; and I therefore cannot embar-
rass you by staying here," and upon that letter
had gone home, and gone on to his farm in Vir-
ginia, and refused utterly to take any part in
what was going on, one way or the other, either
to aid his country at large or his State, one side
or the other; he might come, and properly take
this oath. I do not see how I could vote to
exclude him if he was elected by the State of
Virginia and came up here and offered to take
the oath.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sena-
tor answer me one question here?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I can. The Sena-
tor is very acute. I do not know that I shall
be able to do so.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no aeuteness about
it. I ask the honorable Senator whether in the
case of Mr. Floyd such an act would not have
been giving countenance and encouragement to
the rebellion? It is upon that language that I
want him to comment.
