686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; I think not.
Encouragement or countenance to a rebellion
is not by saving. "I sympathize with it." That
is not what is meant by that rule at all. It is
an act, something done, not something felt.
Why, sir, it' we should do that, we have got to
vote against pretty much all the members of
the Democratic party when they get into power
and are elected here, 'fake my friend's own
State: how many of the leaders of the Democ-
racy there, if elected, could come here and we
not be able pretty well to show that they sym-
pathized with the rebellion? I know it is so
with a very large number of them in my own
State; and' unless you mean to _ lay down a
principle that when a Democrat is elected to
the Senate you have a right to search his con-
science and" his record, and find how he felt
during the rebellion, not what he did, you
must admit him to take the oath, or else you
are establishing a rule that cannot be sus-
tained on any principle whatever. It means
an act, something done by way of encourage-
ment; not how a man feels or how he says he
feels. If he says he feels a sympathy, and
does nothing one way or the other, that does
not exclude him. He may have repented.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose he gives advice;
is that doing something?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a very delicate,
nice question. That does not come into the
present question. That might depend upon
the circumstances connected with the advice;
I cannot tell. But it is an act; it is something
done, not something felt, in my judgment, with
reference to that matter.
Now, sir, what was the nature of this act?
Mr. Thomas furnished, under certain circum-
stances, a sum of money to his son when he
knew his son intended to join the rebels. He
has stated the circumstances ; his son has stated
the circumstances. I might believe, individu-
ally, that this thing was somewhat plastered
over; I might believe, individually, that it is
a sort of a ''catch;" that he was not willing
quite to say it, and yet was willing that his son
should go. It is like the story of the old Qua-
ker captain, which I have told to some mem-
bers of the Senate, and therefore I will not
entertain the whole Senate with it. I might
believe that he was willing to see the thing
done while he did not wish to put his hand to
it in any way. But, sir, after all, it is a ques-
tion of intention. It is n doubtful matter, to
say the least, because when members of the
Judiciary Committee can believe from hearing
the testimony—and men who hear it can judge
much better than men who read it—that his
act was innocent in intention, and that his sole
object and purpose was to do a kind and pa-
ternal thing by his child, and not with any view
to aid the rebellion or expecting it would aid
it, we may well hesitate to say at once that it
admits of only one construction, and that only
one conclusion ean be drawn from it. If I
understood the honorable Senator from Ne-
braska [Mr. Tipton] rightly, his conclusion
on reading the testimony is, that the act was
done with innocent intent; that it was merely
the effect of paternal feeling, a desire to save
his son. That is his conclusion from reading
it. No one will accuse the honorable Senator
from Nebraska of any design or wish to shield
Mr. Thomas in any shape or form. It does
not exist here. I am certain I have none
of it, for as I said before, I believe in regard to
him, from all I have heard, taking it all for
truth, that his sympathies were with the rebel-
lion, and that if Maryland had gone into it, he
would have gone with her. But, sir, all his
remonstrances to his son, all his objections
were founded upon paternal regard and feel-
ing ; and the argument that he had no right to
go and ought not to go was carried up to the
very moment that he left his door in the morn-
ing and repeated before he departed. It is
easy to talk of sternness, of what we would
have done in such cases ; that we would have
arrested our sons and put them in prison ; that
we would have exercised the paternal author-
ity severely and stiffly. Perhaps some of us
; might and some might not. I do not know
but, that I am considered rather a hard man.
I doubt, however, whether 1 could see my son
go from my door, even with that intent. I
rather think I should lay him by the heel': so
that he could not go ; but if I could not do
that, and I found he was to expose himself to
danger, I am afraid I should be soft enough
to do something to avert it if I could possibly
do so.
But leaving all that, the ground upon which
I put my action is that it is u doubtful ques-
tion ; it is a matter resting on intent, to make
the worst of it. What did he intend to do?
The question then arises, how shall we decide?
Shall we in a doubtful case, where even among
ourselves we differ as to the real intent, as
shown by the evidence, say to Mr. Thomas,
"Sir, you shall not have an opportunity to
purge yourself of that evil intent; we will not
allow you to take the oath now in a time of
peace, although you have done no act which
you admit or which everybody clearly admits
to be an act done with a view to aid the rebel-
lion; we will not allow you to go to the desk
and swear, as you must substantially if you do
take the oath, that your intent was not so;
that it was an innocent one; that the action
was not done to aid the rebellion, but simply
out of paternal regard for your son." Sir,
that is treading upon very narrow and very
, dangerous ground. I do not feel authorized
; to say so; and inasmuch as these two points
are the only points that have been adduced
having a pretense of force in them, I must
close as I began, by saying that I feel com-
pelled to vote to allow Mr. Thomas to take the
oath, if he is ready to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL obtained the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive a message from the House of Rep-
resentatives.
death of iion. thomas e. xokll.
Mr. McPherson, the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, appeared at the bar and said:
Mr. President, I nave been directed by the
House of Representatives to communicate to
the Senate the resolutions adopted by the
House in regard to the death of Hon. Thomas
E. Noell, late a Representative from the State
| of Missouri.
| Mr. HENDERSON. I call for the reading
of the proceedings of the House of Represent-
atives.
The Secretary read as follows:
In the House op Representatives,
January 22, 1868.
Retched, That by the death of Thomas E. Noell,
late Representative in Congress from the third dis-
trict in the State of Missouri, this House has lost a
worthy and useful member, the country a most esti-
mable citizen, and his family, relations, and intimate
associates a steadfast and valued friend.
Resolved, That to give expression to their due
appreciation of the talents, attainments, and patriot-
ism of the deceased, and to indicate their regret and
sorrow for his lamented death, tho members of this
House will wear the usual badge of mourning for
thirty days.
Renolved, That these resolutions be spread upon
the Journal of the House of Representatives, and
that a copy thereof be sent by its Clerk to the family
of the deceased.
Retmlved. That in respect to the memory of the
deceased this House do now adjourn.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, my
acquaintance with the deceased commenced
during the late war of rebellion. His father
I had known for many years previous. The
father, John H. Noell, for a long time occupied
prominent rank as a lawyer in the courts of
Missouri, and is well remembered by many
Senators as an active and.useful member of the
House of Representatives during the Thirty-
Sixth and Thirty Seventh Congresses. He was
reelected to the Thirty-Eighth Congress, but
died before the commencement of its first
session.
The son, Thomas E. Noell, at the com-
mence rnent of the war was about twenty-two
years of age, and had been admitted to the bar
with the most flattering prospects of success.
His home was yet in tne county of his
nativity, lying on ths Mississippi river in the
southeastern part of the State, a section which
had been settled by French emigrants from
New Orleans, who, at an early day, began to
penetrate the West and plaut settlements upon
what was then the territory of France. These
were the first white navigators of the great
river. They, like the Indian, pressed up
against its current in canoes, and, however
strange it may seem, the affection of these old
navigators for the river itself seems to have
been proportioned to the labors of the voyage.
From a short distance above the mouth of the
Ohio up to St. Louis, the west bank of the river
was chiefly settled by these pioneer Frenchmen.
This section includes Perry county, the home
of Mr. Noell.
His parents were Virginians ; but they and
all others who came into this region after
the change of sovereignty, were more or less
influenced by the manners and customs pre-
vailing among the French settlers. These
people were proverbially hospitable and kind.
With the people of Louisiana they were con-
nected by old family ties, and their business
relations had been most intimate.
Hence, when the insanity of secession, pass-
ing along from South Carolina, seized upon the
unfortunate people of Louisiana the chords of
sympathy between them were touched. Tha
first impulse here was to stand by their friends.
It is thus that sometimes crime itself is super-
induced by the better feelings of our nature.
Perhaps not more in this section of the State
became disloyal than in other sections, but no
doubt fewer would have become so but for the
associations and sympathy of which I have
spoken.
Whoever else may have j roved unfaithful to
the Government at this period, Mr. Noell did
not. If influences prejudicial to loyalty sur-
rounded him they were not permitted to sun-
der or even to affect his attachment to the
Union. He promptly entered the military ser-
vice in the State militia, and placed himself
under orders of the department commander
At that day the soldier's life was a rugged one
He had none of the comforts that a geu^rous
Government and a charitable and grateful
people afterward brought to his relief. 'I ho
State government was disloyal, and the na-
tional Government was not then provided with
the means to lighten his burdens. The expos-
ures of this service fastened upon.Mr. Noell
the disease which has hurried him to an un
timely grave and cut short a career which
promised to be useful to the country.
In 1862 he was apppinted to a captaincy in
the regular Army, and continued faithfully and
bravely to uphold his Government until he was
elected to the Thirty-Ninth Congress. In that
body he soon took rank as a young man of
superior abilities. He was courteous and kind
to his colleagues, generous and sincere with all.
At his first election in 1804 he was returned to
Congress as a Radical, according to party
designations then existing in the State.
When the differences sprang up between
Congress and the President during the winter
of 1865-66 Mr. Noell took the side of the
President and became exceedingly active in
the support of his policy. Notwithstanding a
large majority of those who voted for him in
1864 were opposed to the presidential policy
of reconstruction, as subsequently developed,
yet such was the confidence reposed in him by
the people of his district that he was returned
at the general election in 1866 a member of
the Fortieth Congress.
If in this apparent change of opinion it be
said he was inconsistent, it may be answered
that he was sincere, and this at least is the test
of purity. That he was sincere I do notdjnbt.
The belief that he was in error must be con-
ceded to his political opponents, but that be-
lief would not stain his character as an honest
man.
In this world of uncertainty, where falsehood
is so often garbed as to counterfeit the very
image of truth, and where the wisest of men
are daily forced to admit the fallacy of what
yesterday seemed the perfection of reason, we
