§72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40th Cong....2d
[July 13,
Lcnvs of the United' States. ■
United States be requested to intercede with
her Majesty the queen of Great Britain and
Ireland, for the purpose of securing the speedy
release of the Reverend John McMahon, of
Indiana, convicted on a charge of treason-
felony at Toronto, Canada West, in the fall of
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and now con-
fined in the State prison at Kingston, in said
province.
Approved, June 19,1868.
No. 88.—Joint Resolution authorizing certain
Distilled Spirits to be turned overto the Sur-
geon General for the use of the Army Hos-
pitals.
Be it resolved by the Senate and'House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be,; and he is hereby, authorized to
deliver to,the Surgeon General of the Army all
the distilled spirits produced during the exper-
iments made by the late commission for testing
meters for the internal revenue service, to be
used for the Army hospitals, and to be paid
for at a reasonable cost out of any moneys
appropriated for the purchase of Army hos-
pital stores, the amount received to be applied
toward the expenses of said commission.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
No. 89. A Resolution authorizing a change
of Mail Service between Fort Abercrombie
and Helena.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Sta tes of America in
Congrets assembled, That the Postmaster Gen
eral is hereby authorized to change the char-
acter of (he mail service from Fort Abererom-
bie, Dakota Territory, to Helena, Montana
lemtorj', to post coach service.
Approved, June 25, 1808.
No. 40.—joint Resolution to provide for the
Sale- of the Site of Fort Covington, in the
State of Mary] and. '
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized to sell in en-
tirety or by subdivisions, at public auction to
the highest bidder, after thirty days' notice in
three daily newspapers in the city of Baltimore
one of which newspapers shall be published in
the Germau language, a certain tract of land
belonging to the United States, situate within
the limits of the said city, on the Patapsco
river, Maryland, known as the site of Fort
Covington, containing about two and three
quarters acres, more or less, with all the tene-
ments, rights, and privileges pertaining there-
to : and that the proceeds of such sale shall be
paid into the Treasury of the United States.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
No. 41.—Joint Resolution directing the Secre-
tary of State to present to George Wright,
Master of the British Brig "J. and G.
Wright," a Gold Chronometer, in apprecia-
tion ot his personal services in saving the
lives of three American Seamen, wrecked at
sea on board ofthe American Schooner Lizzie
h. Ghoate, of Massachusetts.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives ofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of State
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to cause to be procured and presented to George
Wright, master of the British brig "J. and G.
Wright," of St. John, New Brunswick, a gold
chronometer, in token of appreciation by the
Government of the United State of his humane
and successful efforts in rescuing from death
three American seamen on boaid'of the wreck
of the American schooner Lizzie F. Choate
of Glsuoester, Massachusetts, wrecked at sea
on the fourteenth of February, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-eight.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
No. 42. Joint Resolution to authorize the
Secretary of War to place at the disposal of
the Lincoln Monument Association damaged
and captured Ordnance.
Be it resolved by the Senat,e and HouseofRep-
TTrfiio/J a^ A /w, ✓>^1"^^ ^
be, and he is hereby, auth«rized, at his discre-
tion, to place at the disposal of the "Lincoln
Monument Association," incorporated by an
act of Congress entitled "An act to incorporate
the Lincoln Monument Association," approved
March thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, such damaged and captured bronze and
brass guns and ordnance, out of which to cast
the statues of the principal figures surmount-
ing and to be incorporated in said structure:
Provided, That no metal as aforesaid shall be
thus appropriated until the voluntary contri-
butions for said purpose, actually, in the hands
of the treasurer, shall amount to one hundred
thousand dollars j and 110 more metal shall be
thus appropriated than shall be actually used
for the purpose of casting the figures as herein
mentioned.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
No. 43.—Joint Resolution donating to the
Washington City Orphan Asylum the Iron
Railing taken from the old Hail of the House
of Representatives.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of tke United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That there be donated to
the Washington City Orphan Asylum the iron
railing taken from the old Hall of the House
of Representatives, nowin the Capitol grounds:
Provided, That the same shall be taken away
in ten days after th© passage of this joint res-
olution.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
No. 47.—Joint Resolution extending the Time
for the completion of the Northern Pacific
Railroad.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Home of Rep
resentativesof the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That section eight of an
act entitled "An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from Lake Superior to Puget sound, on the
Pacific coast," is hereby so amended as to read
as follows: that each and every grant, right,
and privilege herein, are so made and given to
and accepted by said Northern Pacific Railroad
Company upon and subject to the following
conditions, namely: that the said company
shall commence the work on said road within
two years from and after the second day of
July, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, and
shall complete not less than one hundred miles
per year after the second year thereafter, and
shall construct, equip, furnish, and complete
the whole road by the fourth day of July, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and seventy-seven.
Approved, July 1, 1868.
No. 48.—A Resolution donating certain cap-
tured Ordnance for the completion of a
Monument to the memory of the late Major
General John Sedgwick.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and required
General George W. Getty, and Major General
1 ruman Seymour, three bronze cannon, cap-
tured by the sixth Army corps in battle, for
the construction of the statue of the late Major
General John Sedgwick, to bo placed on a
monument erected to his memory by the sixth
corps of the Army of the Potomac.
Approved, July 8, 1868.
No. 49.—Joint Resolution relative to the pay
of the Assistant Librarian of the House.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, -That for the present Con-
gress, commencing therewith, the Clerk is di-
rected to pay from the contingent fund of the
House, to the assistant librarian in charge of
the' Hall library, the difference between his
present pay and the pay of the file, printing,
and engrossing clerks.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
No. 51.—Joint Resolutiou to correct an Act
entitled "An Act for the Relief of certain
Exporters of Kura." -
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, Th^t the word "and"
where it occurs in said act after the word " ex-
port" and before the word® "actually con-
tracted '' be changed to " or," so that the cor-
rected act shall read "intended for exoort or
actually eontracted for."
Approved,. July 6, 1868.
No. 52.—Joint Resolution in relation to the
erection of a Bridge in Boston Harboi\
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary ofthe
Navy shall detail two competent and impartial
officers ofthe Navy, and the Secretary of War
shall detail a competent and impartial officer
of the engineer corps, who shall compose a
commission, whose duty it shall be to make
careful examination of the harbor of Boston,
and shall report to Congress, at its next ses-
sion, in what manner the commerce of said
harbor and the interests of the United States
in the navy-yard at Charlestown will be affected
by the construction of a bridge over the water
between the main land in the city of Boston
and Bast Boston, in* the manner provided in an
act of the Legislature of the State of Massa-
chusetts, entitled "An act to incorporate the
Maverick Bridge Company;" and no bridge
shall be erected by said company across said
water until the assent of Congress shall be
given thereto.
Approved, July 7, 1868.
No. 54.—A Resolution placing certain Troops
of Missouri on an equal footing with others
as to Bounties.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the troops recog-
nized in an act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for completing the defenses of Wash-
ington, and for other purposes," approved
February thirteenth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, be, and are hereby, considered as
placed on an equal footing with the volunteers
as to bounties, and that all laws relating to
bounties be applicable to them as to other vol-
unteers.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
No. 55.—A Resolution in relation to the Ma-
quoketa River, in the State of Iowa.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of tke buiied States of Amei ica in
Congress assembled, That the assent of Con-
gress is given to the construction of bridges
across the Maquoketa river, in the State of
Iowa, with or without draws, as may be pro-
vided by the laws ofthe State of Iowa.
-J. And be it further resolved, That
dams and bridges may be constructed across
the Iowa river, in the State of Iowa, above the
town of Wapello.
Approved, July 13, 1868.
