688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
groat suffering from oold and hunger has happened
to our soldiers in Alaska: Therefore,
ltr*o/red. That the Secretary of War be requested
to send to the House copies of nil the dispatches and
reports upon that subirct. and all orders or directions
given by or through the Department of War in conse-
quence thereof.
deficirxoy appropriation BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order was the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 320, making
appropriations to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for the execution of the recon-
struction laws and for the service of the quar-
termaster's department of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June ot), 18G8, and for
other purposes, as in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, the debate being
limited to five minutes for, and five minutes
against amendments.
First amendment:
Add at the end of the bill:
For increased compensation to Congressional Print-
er, to June 30,1808, $1,344 44.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Add as follows:
To supply a deficiency in the contingent expenses
of the House of Representatives for the present fiscal
year, the following sums, namely.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
For stationery, 815,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence with the following amend-
ment:
Add the following proviso:
Provided, That no benator or Representative shall
receive any newspapers excepting The Congressional
Globe, or stationery, or commutation therefor, ex-
ceeding $125 for any one session of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
anbstitute for the amendment of the committee
the following:
Provided, That hereafter no member of either
House of Congress shall be allowed or paid for news-
papers, except The Congressional Globe, and for sta-
tionery for any one year a larger sum than 1125 in
money or its value; and no further allowance for sta-
tionery or newspapers shall be made to any member
of the House of Representatives for the year ending
the 3d day of March, 1868, than that already ordered
by the House.
Mr. Speaker, I have offered, as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations the same proposition which the
House passed upon, as will be remembered by
gentlemen who paid attention to our proceed-
ings, with the exception of excluding The Con-
gressional Globe, and I make that more certain
which was perhaps in some doubt. The dif-
ference between the two propositions is this:
my proposition provides there shall be no
further allowance for the present year to the
members of the House. And I submit it to
the gentlemen of the House whether, when we
are playing the rule of economists, striking
down officers here and cutting down salaries
there, it is the proper thing in this indirect
way to put up our own salaries?
Mr. BAKER. I wish to know why the com-
mittee reserves and proposes to preserve as
part of the law this allowance of $125 to each
member of Congress for newspapers?
A Member. And stationery.
Mr. BAKER. Is it not bogus ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman addresses me. I am not chairman of
the committee. His remarks would be more
properly directed to the member reporting the
till. What I was going to call attention to is
this : by order of the House at the first session
in March last an allowance was made to each
member of forty-five dollars for stationery and
fifty dollars for newspapers, making ninety-five
dollars. By a further order made in the July
session each member was allowed forty-five
dollars for stationery and fifty dollars for news-
papers, making the total allowance $190' up
to the commencement of the present session.
Now, we have already received, or are entitled
to receive for the present session the sum of
seventy-live dollars for stationery and fifty dol-
lars for newspapers, making the total allow-
ance l'or this year $ol5 to each member, inde-
pendent of his salary of $5,000 a year.
Mr. BROMWELL. Will my colleague yield
to me for a suggestion?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the suggestion?
Mr. BiiOMWELL. I ask my colleague if
he has informed himself how much more some
of the members receive by way of mileage by
way of Chicago and New York?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman asks me a question which I cannot an-
swer. It is foreign to this proposition. What
I wish to submit to the House is this: that I
do not believe gentlemen desire to stand on
the record as receiving for this year the sum
of $315 for stationery, as we shall do unless
this amendment is made. The proposition
went through when the bill was first under con-
sideration without any marked opposition. It
went to the Senate, and I supposed that the
Senate would adopt that proposition as a set-
tlement of this whole stationery question. But,
instead of doing that they thought they would
bluff the House by cutting it all off and send-
ing to us a proposition not to receive any sta-
tionery. The Iiouse, much to the disappoint-
ment of the Senate I have no doubt, took up
the gauntlet which the Senate had thrown down
and adopted their proposition, and when it
came back to them they took no action what-
ever upon that bill which had that proposition
in it, but attached other items in that bill to
the present bill. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. BUTLER. The difference between the
two propositions—the one reported by the com-
mittee and the one offered by the gentleman
from Illinois, as an amendment—is precisely
this : owing to the extraordinary sessions in
March and July, wherein, for the service of the
country and for no other purpose, upon the
same salary, without any extra travel or com-
pensation, many members of Congress left
their homes and came here for the purpose of
doing the business of the country. Yet it was
found necessary to use stationery and have
newspapers, if a newspaper is ever necessary,
and thereupon the usual course was taken.
Now, then, we come to this session of Con-
gress, and the question is whether we shall
cut off for this year all allowance for those
members who have come here for the first
time and have not received any, and whether
we shall cut ourselves off for this year. The
committee propose that hereafter there shall
be a fixed amount applying as well to the Sen-
ate as to the House, giving to each member
$125 and no more ; so that this thing can never
happen again.
But we found other difficulties. We found
that some gentlemen had already received their
commutation, had already ordered their news-
papers for this session, and it would be an un-
just and invidious discrimination against them.
And while I am quite willing, and know my as-
sociates on the committee will bear me out in
saying I have been ever ready, to move in the
committee and to vote in this House any meas-
ure of economy, applying as well to the mem-
bers as to everybody else, yet I think we should
not, under the idea of economy, do an act of
injustice. Therefore the committee have in-
structed me to report this proviso instead of
the one the gentleman has advocated. I now
yield to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I believe
it is conceded that the Committee on Appropri-
ations is sufficiently regardful of the rules of
economy. If there be any difficulty at all at-
tending the deliberations of this committee it
is whether they will appropriate enough money
to keep the wheels of the Government in mo-
tion. There is no difference of opinion in the
committee in respect to the necessity for just
adherence to economy, but upon this simple
measure there was a difference of opinion. As
was correctly stated by my eolleague on the
committee, some of the members of this Ilonse
have gone home on leave, their health requir-
ing it, and inadvertently have drawn their pay
for stationery and newspapers for this long term
of Congress, to wit: seventy-five dollars for
stationery and fifty dollars for newspapers,
which is the amount allowed under the rule of
the House for the long session.
There are other new members here who have
never for the current year received anything
for newspapers and stationery. We dislike to
cut off those men, on the one side, who have
received nothing from this small pittance which
enables them to pay for their newspapers and
stationery, and we dislike also to call upon our
friends to refund what they have taken, hon-
estly supposing it to be their right. This is a
little matter, and we propose to establish a
general rule that hereafter there shall be no
greater allowance made than $125 for any
term of Congress, long or short, for news-
papers and stationery together.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SPALDING. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. What reason is there for
specifying any particular sum, in numero, eo
nomine, for stationery and newspapers? Why
not let every member of the House have all
the stationery that he needs in the exercise of
his duties, and put it to his own honor and
responsibility that he does not abuse the law?
Occasionally you may have a man here who
would steal. If there was one thief among
the Twelve Apostles we might possibly have a
thief here occasionally; but it seems to me that
if we would put the law upon the principle
of allowing each member to use what station-
ery he needs, and trust to his own honor and
responsibility that he does not abuse the privi-
lege, it would not cost the Government by fifty
per cent, as much as it now does. I under-
stand that was originally the law. There is a
tradition how it came to be changed. I do
not know whether the tradition is true or not;
but it seems to me that if it was changed for
any such reason as is alleged it was a very
poor reason.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to say that that system
was one practised here, and under it it was
found that members bought pantaloons and
shirts and shaving soap enough to last theqi
five years after they went out. [Laughter.]
This went on until the expense became enor-
mous, and it seemed likely that members would
clothe their whole families for generation after
generation. [Laughter.] Congress was obliged
to repeal that law and put some limit to it
when it was found that it ran up as high as, I
will not say thousands, but near that in sev-
eral sessions fpr several members. That was
the reason why it was changed.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask pardon of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.] I was not
aware the debate was limited. I owe him an
apology.
The question was upon the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, to the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is an additional amend-
ment in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The Senate
amendment is the original text, and then there
is an amendment pending, and an amendment
to the amendment.
The question was put on Mr. Washburne's
amendment, and there were—ayes 32, noes 71.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The question was put on ordering fhe yeas
and nays; and there were—ayes 17, noes 89.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers on the yeas and nays.
• The question was put on the call for tellers,
and eighteen voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Count the
other side.
