1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
689
The SPEAKER. Not a sufficient number.
Ninety-five is a quorum, and it takes nineteen
to order tellers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will not
the Chair vote in the affirmative ? [Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not do so.
Tellers are refused, the yeas and nays are re-
fused ; and the amendment to the amendment
is rejected.
The question recurred upon the amendment
reported from the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the lastline, in order
to say this: from my knowledge of the history
of this body, I am not prepared to admit that
the reason which is commonly given for this
limitation upon the stationery and newspapers
of members is the real reason. I have heard
the reason; we have all heard it.
Instances are given, no doubt correctly and
truly, where the old law was repeatedly abused.
Those instances are seized upon as affording
sufficient reason for this restrictive legislation.
Now, it is a part of the history of Congress
that until the year 1856 the members of this
body were most inadequately paid. There was
a great deal of legislation aimed at doing in-
directly what the law until that time did not
attempt to do directly; that is, to give in-
creased -compensation to the members of this
House, in the form not merely of newspapers
*nd stationery, but of books that were dis-
tributed to each member to the amount of
thousands of dollars.
Now, I undertake to say that we would have
■very few cases of the kind to which I alluded
if we ? ould reduce the stationery system and
.the newspaper system to the principle of allow-
ing each man to use what he himself shall
believe to be necessary for his use, keep an
account with him, and let that account be pub-
lished from year to year, as we publish the other
expenses in connection with the Clerk's office,
so that if a man carries home to New York or
4© any other place stationery enough to set up
-a iookgtore he shall be held up for observation
■and for animadversion. I put it to every gen-
-tleman here, to his own conscience, whether
•he would feel at liberty to take any more sta-
tion e*y than he needed for the transaction of
the business connected with his seat. As the
law now stands, and the reports of our Clerk
will show such to be the case, members do not
tise one half of the stationery that is nomi-
nally allowed them, but the rest of the allow-
ance is commuted by die payment of money.
So far as .newspapers are concerned, I do
notknow that since the first session I was here
I -have taken & single newspaper through the
■Clerk's office. I subscribe for and buy my own
newspapers as I want them, and receive in
commutation the amount of my allowance in
money.
I think, as a matter of economy—and I sub-
unit that consideration to gentlemen who have
-charge of this bill—that it would be a saving to
-thig Government to put this matter of station-
ery upon the old basis, with this proviso, that
an account shall be kept with every member
•for the' articles that he takes, which account
shall be open for inspection, and the sum
totak to be published with the annual report
of the Clerk.
rMr. BROMWELL. In my opinion this
whole matter of appropriating money for news-
1 papers and stationery is just adding so mnch
tofche salaries of members, for there are now
iDMHe newspapers sent to members here than
they can read, or get time to read. Now, I do
not suppose that as a general rule the mem-
bers of the House expend the money thus
appropriated, or any great part of it, for news-
papers. At ,all events tfye appropriation for
newspapers and the appropriation for station-
ary might just as well be included in the salary,
and let each man spend as much money for
newspapers and for stationery as he may desire.
I am perfectly willing to buy the small amount
of paper and envelopes that I use, and say
.nothing more about it.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 44.
I now desire to say this in regard to the sug-
gestion which I made, to my colleague [Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois,] in reference to mile-
age, and how I came to make it, because it
i has been remarked, to me that my suggestion
may contain some reflections upon members.
My colleague is famous for taking charge of
the public interests in small matters as well as
great matters of economy. Manifestly if the
little leakages in newspapers and stationery
are to be stopped it would be well to look up
some other and larger leakages which may
possibly exist. I made the suggestion I did
for the reason that the officers of this House
assured me that itwas the custom of the west-
ern members to charge their mileage by way
of Chicago and New York, and they urged me
to make my charge in that way, in order to
conform to what was done bv the rest of the
western members. I think they spoke to me
generally. I am very sure they included Illi-
nois. That I understood was the manner of
charging the mileage of members from Illinois.
Mr. BUTLER. For the first time in my
life I must rise to a point of order. I do not
see that the subject the gentleman is discussing
has anything to do with stationery.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
foint of order. The gentleman from Illinois
Mr. Bkomwell] must confine his remarks to
the amendment.
Mr. BROMWELL. I yield to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Anderson.]
Mr. ANDERSON. Mr. Speaker, I was
absent from the House when this question of
mileage was brought into this debate, and I
desire to state to the House, so that it may go
to the country, that no member of this House
coming from any of the northwestern States or
from the West has been allowed mileage by
way of Chicago. The Chicago member himself
comes by the direct route to the city of Wash-
ington ; and 0.11 mileage from that direction has
been computed on that basis both by myself
and the Speaker.
Mr. ROSS. I would like to ask my colleague
a question.
Sir. BROMWELL. I will yield for a ques-
tion.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he would not be willing to have the
bill amended so as to stop the pay of mem-
bers of Congress while traveling in Europe?
[Laughter.]
Mr. BROMWELL. I shall-not object to
any amendment which the House may deem
proper. I desire to say that I would not have
intruded upon the House these remarks on the
subject of mileage except for the purpose of
explaining why I made my suggestion on that
subject to my colleague, [Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois.]
tHere the hammer fell.]
Ir. MAYNARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. BROMWELL. I renew the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Bromwm.l] cannot 'speak again
while any other gentleman desires to speak.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. But-
ler,] who claimed the floor at the same time
as the gentleman from Illinois, is recognized.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, has the amend-
ment withdrawn by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] been renewed ?
The SPEAKER. It has not. The ques-
tion is now .upon the amendment of the com-
mittee, which is open to debate, five minutes
for and five minutes against the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not desire to address
the House upon that, but merely to say that I
have no doubt the Committee on Appropria-
tions -will hereafter attend to one or two
" leaks'' which may have escaped their notice.
But this bill embodies the best conclusion which
the committee could reach at present. I trust
that a vote will be taken on the amendment,
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Mili,er] rise to oppose
the amendment of the committee?
Mr. MILLER. Yes, sir; I wish to say a
word on this subject. I am opposed to any
attempt on our part to fix the sum to which
the Senate shall be limited in regard to sta-
tionery, as I think it equally improper for the
Senate to undertake to regulate the expendi-
tures of this House in regard to this matter. I
have no objection to this House fixing the
amount of stationery to which members here
shall be entitled. Let the Senate also regulate
the matter for itself. The whole sum expended
annually for stationery for the two Houses has
been but $15,000, under the system by which
each House regulated its own expenditures in
this particular.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] says that the Senate
has thrown down the gauntlet on this ques-
tion, and that we ought to take it up. Why?
Because the Senate saw fit to strike out the
whole appropriation for stationery. No won-
der the Senate did that, beeause we have under-
taken to interfere with the immemorial custom
of that body in regard to their stationery.
Now, sir, the country understands this matter.
We talk of economy; but if we want to prac-
tise economy, let us commence to retrench
where there are expenditures of millions, in-
stead of beginning with this small matter of
stationery, and parading it before the country
as our achievement in the direction of economy.
Mr. Speaker, if we intend to be economical,
let us begin where our actions will amount to
something, and not upon these small matters.
And not only that, we are here proposing to
legislate how much the Senate shall charge.
Let the Senators regulate that matter among
themselves.
I know it is perfectly just and proper that we
should economize, for it is absolutely necessary
that the taxes should be reduced. But we
should begin to economize, not on these petty
matters, but with large expenses, which will
l amount to something, where millions are ex-
pended and where millions may be saved. I
am for retrenchment and reform, but I am for
commencing where it will amount to some-
thing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I advise
the gentleman to commence his reform at home.
The amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations was agreed to ; and then the amend-
ment of the Senate as amended was concurred
in.
Fourth amendment of the Senate:
Add:
For furniture,repairs, and packing boxes for mem-
bers, $20,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Add:
For miscellaneous items, $15,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Add:
Forfolding documents, including materials, $50,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Add:
For newspapers, $12,500.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Add:
To supply a deficiency m the contingent expenses
of the Senate for the present fiscal year, namely.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendmemt was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
J^or clerks to committees, and pages, $33,804.
