5T4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
[July 31?,
40th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of th& United States:
sel when she shall thus touch at a Canadian
port.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
No. 67.—Joint Resolution to Admit, free of
Duty, certain Statuary.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the statue repre-
senting the figure of Victory, intended to sur-
mount the monument in memory of the Penn-
sylvania soldiers who fell in the Mexican war,
now about being erected on the capitol grounds
at Harrisburg, being in marble cut in Italy,
and which' will soon be ready for shipment,
shall be admitted free of duty.
Approved, July 23, 1868. '
No. 68,—Joint'Resolution admitting Steam
Plows free of Duty for one year from June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-eight.
Beit resolved by the Senate and Mouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the provisions of sec-
tion two of the joint resolution approved March
twenty-six, A. D. eighteen hundred and sixty-
seven, respecting the importation of agricul-
tural machinery free of duty, be, and the same
is hereby, extended and shall continue in force
for the further period of one year from the
thirtieth day of June, A. D. eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight, and that any such machinery
shipped before the said thirtieth day of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-eight, or which
may have arrived since that day, he exempt
from duty.
Approved, July 23, 1868.
No. 69.—Joint Resolution to amend the four-
teenth section of the Act approved July
twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, entitled " An Act to protect the Rev-
enue, and for other purposes."
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the fourteenth sec-
tion of the act approved July twenty-eighth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, entitled " An
act to protect the revenue, and for other pur-
poses," be, and the same is hereby, so amended
as to extend the operation thereof until Janu-
ary first, eighteen hundred and sixty-nine.
Approved, July 23, 1868.
No. 72.—A Resolution to carry into effect
the Resolution approved March two, eighteen
hundred and sixty-seven, providing for the
exchange of certain Public Documents.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Congressional
Printer, whenever he shall be so directed by
the joint Committee on the Library, be, and
he hereby is, directed to print fifty copies, in
addition to the regular number, of all docu-
ments hereafter printed by order of either
House of Congress, or by order of any Depart-
ment or bureau of the Government, and when-
ever he shall be so directed by the joint Com-
mittee on the Library, one hundred copies ad-
ditional of all documents ordered to be printed,
in excess of the usual number; said fifty or
one hundred copies "to be delivered to the Libra-
rian of Congress, to be exchanged, under direc-
tion of the joint Committee on the Library, as
provided by joint resolution approved March
two, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further resolved, That fifty
copies of each publication printed under direc-
tion of any Department or bureau of the Gov-
ernment, whether at the Congressional Printing
Office or elsewhere, shall be placed at the dis-
posal of the joint Committee on the Library to
carry out the provisions of said resolution.
Arpboved, July 25, 1868.
No. 73.—A Resolution granting permission to
Officers and Soldiers to wear the Badge of
the Corps in which they served during the
Rebellion.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That all who served as
officers, non-commissioned officers, privates,
or other enlisted men in the regular Army, vol-
unteer, or militia forces of the United States
during the war of the rebellion, and have been
honorably discharged from the service or re-
main still in the same, shall be entitled to wear,
on occasions of ceremony, the distinctive Army
badge ordered for or adopted by the Army corps
and division, respectively, in which they served.
Approved, July 25, 1868.
No. 74.—A Resolution to Admit certain Per-
sons to the Naval Academy.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to
receive for instruction at the Naval Academy,
Annapolis, not exceeding six persons, to be
designated by the Government of the empire
of Japan: Provided, That no expense shall
therebyaccrue to the United States: And pro-
vided further, That the Secretary of the Navy
may, in the case of the said persons, modify or
dispense with any provisions of the rules and
regulations of the said Academy which circum-
stances may, in his opinion, render necessary
or desirable.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
No. 75.—A Resolution relative to Lighting
the Streets of Washington City, District of
Columbia.
, Whereas the municipal authorities of the city
of Washington have failed to carry out the ar-
rangements for lighting the streets of said city,
in accordance with the provisions of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government,"
approved July twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the mayor and city
councils of the city of Washington be, and they
are hereby, authorized and directed to levy
and collect a tax from the property holders of
the city of Washington sufficient to defray the
expanses of lighting the avenue and street
lamps of said city with six-feet burners twenty-
one nights in each month, from dark until day-
light, and keep said lamps so lighted each year.
Sec 2. And be it further resolved, That the
mayor and city couueils of the city of Washing-
ton be, and they are hereby, authorized to con-
tract with the Washington Gas-Light Company
for the term of one year, and so from year to
year until otherwise provided by law, at such
rates as may be agreed upon not exceeding the
maximum now fixed by law, for all the illu-
minating gas required for the avenueand street
lamps and public offices of the city and public
grounds under the control of said city.
Seo. 3. Andbe it further resolved, That the
mayor and city councils of the city of Wash-
ington be, and they are hereby, authorized and
directed to increase from time to time, as the
public good may require, the number of street
lamps on any of the streets, lanes, alleys, pub-
lic ways, and grounds, in the city of Washing-
ton, and to do any and all things pertaining to
the well lighting of the city, and to levy and
collect a tax from the property holders therefor.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further resolved, That in
the event of the failure of the mayor and city
councils to levy and collect the tax herein
authorized, or to light the Said city as herein
directed, then the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
levy, a tax upon the property of said city,- and
to collect the same, sufficient to light said.city
for the current year, and so from year to .year,
in case of such failure .of said mayor and city
councils to light as herein directed, and to fully
execute the provisions of this joint resolution
in the place and stead of the said mayor aud
city councils.
Seo. 5. And be it further resolved, 'That
nothing herein contained shall be construed to
relieve the said Washington Gas-Light Com-
pany from paying the internal revenue tax
imposed l>y law.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
No. 76.—Joint Resolution in relation to Sur-
veys and Examinations of Rivers and Har-
bors.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the_ United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
War shall cause to be prepared and submitted
to Congress, in connection with the reports of
examinations and surveys of rivers and har-
bors hereafter made by order of Congress,
full statements of all existing facts tending to
show to what extent the general commerce of
the country will be promoted by the several
works of improvements contemplated by such
examinations and surveys, to the end that
public moneys shall not be applied excepting
where such improvements shall tend to sub-
serve the general commercial and navigation
interests of the United States.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
No. 77—Joint Resolution relative to Printing
Specifications of Patents.
Be itresolvedbythe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That no bills be paid by
the Treasury for printing specifications of pat-
ents above the contract price, except that
seventy cents may be added to each thousand
words for the additional cost of composition
occasioned by change made in the printing by
order of the Commissioner of Patents.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
No. 78—Joint Resolution for the Donation of
certain Columns.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized to donate to such
cemeteries as as have been in whole or in part
dedicated to the burial of soldiers or sailors
who lost their lives in defense of the United
States, or to such voluntary associations of
citizensas contributed tothe comfortand wants
of these patriots while living, the six columns
taken from the old Pennsylvania Bank build
ing, in the city of Philadelphia: Provided,
That but one column shall be donated to such
cemetery or association in any one State, and
that the same shall be used as a monument.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
No. 79.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to furnish Cannon to Soldiers'
Monument Associations of Pequannock and
Paterson, N. J.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be authorized to furnish to the Soldiers' Monu-
ment Associations of the township of Pequan-
! nock, Morris county, N. J., aud Paterson,
I Passaic county, N. J., each four pieces of con-
| demned cannon, and twenty balls, in all eight
I pieces of cannon and forty balls, to be placed
! about the said monuments.
! Approved, July 27, 1868.
