690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Add:
For additional messengers and laborers, $15,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
A.M :
For labor and materials in the folding-room, to b©
provided by the Sergeant-at-Arms, 53,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
- Add:
Judiciary:
For salary of the marshal of the Supreme Court of
the United States from April 3, 1867, to June 30,1868,
at $3,500 per annum, $4,355 77.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Add:
Department of Education:
For amount required for salary of Commissioner
to March 30,1867, "Siyi.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
Add:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That so much of
the first section of the act of March 3,1809, entitled
"An act further to amend the several acts for the
establishment and regulation of the Treasury, War,
andNavy Departments."asauthorizes the President,
on the application of the Secretary of any Depart-
ment, to transfer the moneys appropriated for a par-
ticular branch of that Department to another branch
of expenditure in the same Department be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. BUTLER moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message froh the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had adopted the report of the
committee of conference on House bill No.
213, to suspend the further reduction of the
currency.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the call of the committees for reports. The
morning hour has commenced.
The Committee on the Judiciary being called,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, rose to make a report.
personal explanation.
Mr. KNOTT. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I ask the indulgence of the House for
a few moments to make a personal explanation.
Several Members. How long?
Mr. KNOTT. Only a few minutes.
Mr. SPALDING. Five minutes?
Mr. KNOTT. Not over five minutes. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
in speaking to a question of privilege yesterday
indulged in imputations involving my reputa-
tion for professional if not personal integrity,
which imputation I desired at the time to repel,
but owing to want of familiarity with the rules
of the House I had not an opportunity to do
so. That imputation.is contained in language
used by the gentleman, inadvertently I hope,
or at least without a full knowledge of all the
facts and circumstances. In alluding to the
brief of Judge Young, distributed upon the
desks of members, he says:
" In this paper, printed after the argument, and thus
put upon the tables of members without the knowl-
edge of the committee, I find that points are raised
and presented which were never argued nor presented
to the Committee of Elections."
This may be true. I who wrote that brief
never on any occasion had the pleasure of being
present when the argument was made before
the Committee of Elections; consequently I
am unable to say what points were or were not |
presented in the oral argument. I, however, ;
thought in drawing that brief, and still think,
that no point was raised in it which might not
have been legitimately raised before the com- :
: mittee or before the House. * i
: The gentleman further said:
"I find also incorporated in this paper evidence
which was taken after the time allowed by the House
for the taking of testimony, after it was agreed by all
parties before the couimitteo that the testimony was
closed. In respect to this testimony I would say that
after it was taken without authority, and, as I sup-
posed, in violation of tho express agreement by the
parties when this evidence was submitted before the
committee and rejected by them, it was agreed that
no application should be made to the House for per-
mission tcTuso it before the committee."
With regard to that I have this to say: it is
true there was testimony taken in the case
after the time allowed by the statute in such
cases had elapsed; but that testimony was pre-
sented to the Committee of Elections with this
understanding, at least on my part, that if the
committee should determine that the testimony
was incompetent it should not be insisted upon
before the House. But it was further under-
stood that all questions as to the competency
of the testimony were to be reserved by the
committee and not adjudicated upon until the
final determination of the case by them. That,
in my estimation, left the question as to the
competency of that testimony open and per-
fectly pertinent to be argued in the brief; and i
hence, without knowing whether my colleague
had alluded to it or not in his oral argument
! before the committee, I thought, and still !
think, I had a right to treat it as competent |
testimony, and I understand from one of the
members of the committee that it has never
yet been decided to be incompetent.
The gentleman from Massachusetts further
said:
" Under these circumstances it appears to me to be
not only a breach of the privileges of this House, but
also a breach of good faith, to insert in this paper this
matter, and much more so to circulate it, though
printed for the use of the committee, among the
members of this House without the knowledge of
the committee." _ j
I did not know that there was any rule which
prescribes to counsel the points to be raised in
a brief upon facts to be alluded to, or that it
is either a breach of privilege or of good faith
to rely upon any legal proposition or any ques-
tion of fact bearing upon the matter in issue.
The gentleman further charges that this brief
was paid for by the Government. I am satisfied
| the gentleman was not apprised of all the facts
I in regard to this matter, and in justice to my-
self as well as Judge Young, who is voiceless
on this floor, I have this to say: when that
brief was written it was written with the idea
that it was for the use of the Committee of
Elections. The committee ordered a certain
number of copies—I do not know exactly how
many—to be printed for their use. Judge
Young, ascertaining that the brief of the con-
testant, Mr. McKee, had been distributed and
was as thick in this House almost as the leaves
of Vallatnbrosa, at once had one hundred
copies of his own brief printed, not knowing
that by circulating it among the members of
the House he wouid be guilty of any breach of
privilege or any violation of the rules of this
House.
I beg leave to further say on behalf of Judge
Young, knowing him as I do, that I feel no
hesitation in asserting that he would be the
last man to violate the rules of this House or a
parliamentary privilege. He came here last
summer a stranger to members of the House.
He was met by the contestant and saw tipon
these tables a document carefully prepared by
the contestant to prejudice the minds of mem-
bers against him and forestall theiropinion with
regard to the merits of this case.
Again, he found the brief of the contestant,
Mr. McKee, circulated among members ; and if
he has erred in this matter at all; he has erred
ignorantly and following the example of one
who has had two years' experience on this floor.
Mr. DAWES. I ask leave to make a brief
personal explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, in the remarks
I made yesterday I had not the slightest inten-
tion of casting any reflection upon the personal
character of any gentleman, either a member
now or contesting a seat in this House, and if I
had not been shut off as I was I think there
would have been no occasion for ai)y explana-
tion to-day. 1 am very glad the gentleman from
Kentucky has brought the matter before the
House to-day, for now 1 think my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] cannot take me off
the floor while I make a simple statement to
the House. I have not seen The Globe nor a
single word which I said upon the floor yester-
day, but I say, in all frankness, that I did not
mean to intimate that any member or contest-
ant or claimant had clandestinely or covertly
placed upon the tables of members here any-
thing that it was improper to place there ; but
I did think that there had been placed upon
our tables that which was both irregular and
improper to be placed there, whatever might
have been the motive. And the reason for it
is in the explanation of the gentleman from
Kentucky this morning, that he prepared this
brief and caused it to be placed upon our tableB
without having any personal knowledge him-
self of what transpired in the committee.
Mr. KNOTT. The gentleman will allow me
to correct him.
Mr. DAWES. Whether he caused it to be
placed upon our tables or not I do not know;
but it has been placed on our tables in that
form, because my friend from Kentucky—he
will allow me to call him so—was not aware,
not being present in the committee during the
hearing, of what transpired there. Not that I
thought there was any particular harm in placing
the brief upon the tables of members, a thing
which is resorted to very frequently in this
House; but it was this: that there was embraced
in it, in addition to certain points which the
gentleman was not aware were not taken before
the committee, and that takes the other side at
a disadvantage—there was embraced in it tes-
timony which not only was not lawful to be
used by the committee, but which it was per-
fectly agreed before the committee that there
should be no application made to the House
to use before the committee. And the reason
why I called the attention of the House to that
was simply that I thought this was an improper
way of getting before members of the House
testimony touching an election case which was
not proper and not lawful to be considered by
the committee. I thought it was my duty to
call the attention of members of the House to
it that the case might not be prejudiced one
way or the other. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky or any other gentleman here inferred that
I got up here to impugn the motives of any
gentleman inside or outside of the House he
misunderstood my intention, however unfor-
tunate may have been my language. I thought
that inadvertently, and without thinking of the
propriety of the matter, the gentleman had in
that way got into the House and before mem-
bers testimony which was not lawful, and that,
therefore, I ought to call the attention of the
House to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts if thattestimony
to which he has alluded is not still before the
committee, and if the question whether it shall
be used in the hearing of the case or not is not
still in reserve ? :
Mr. DAWES. Most certainly not, and ,thB
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Knott] would
not have made that statement if he had been
before the committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand from the
gentleman's colleague upon the committee [Mr.
Kerr] that the committee have not yet deter-
mined whether they will receive that testimony
in evidence or not. If that be so, and the com-
mittee is holding that testimony under consid-
eration, the question of its use to be hereafter
determined, then I ask if when the committee
require a brief to be made it was not entirely
proper that the person preparing the briet
should anticipate the testimony and comment
