1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
upon it provided the testimony should ulti-
mately be held by the committee as proper to
be received by it?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is aware that
I was trying to make an inquiry of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] on yesterday
when the House, or some member of it
thought I had worried their patience long
enough. I will say to the gentleman that I
do not understand any such thing. If I had
understood that there was still pending be-
fore the Committee of Elections the question
whether this evidence was to be used or not,
then I should agree with the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] that it was the
most proper thing in the world to embody in
in a brief the views of the gentleman drawing
the brief why it should be used. But if my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] so under-
stands the case, he understands it entirely
different from me or any other member of the
committee around me.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Two members of the
committee, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] and an other gentleman, so understand it-
Mr. DAWES. 1 understand the case to
have been argued and closed before the com-
mittee ; and the party himself declining to use
tl^ testimony, it now remains sealed up in the
committee-room and has not been used or read
before the committee. The question whether
it should be offered to the committee or not
was argued there. And upon the committee,
without any dissent from anybody, notifying
parties that by the law they must come here to
the House to get authority to use that testimony,
they informed the committee, after having re-
tired for consultation, that they would not do
that, but would closetheir case without it. Why,
then, when I take up here this brief and find that
it embodies that evidence, should I not infer that
that was an improper way of getting before the
House evidence that was excluded by the com-
mittee ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would inquire
of the Chair if all this comes out of the morn-
ing hour?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. DAWES. It appears that I have again
exhausted the patience of this House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If this discussion
is to come out of the morning hour I must
object to its continuing any longer, and resume
the floor.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowu
[Mr. Wilson] is entitled to the floor, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] hav-
ing already spoken seven minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a point of Order.
My point of order is that when I get leave of
this House for a brief personal explanation, I
submit, with great respect to the Chair, that I
■never knew before that that meant I was to be
limited to five minutes.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] state to the Chair
at what point he is to be arrested in his remarks
when he obtains leave for a brief personal
explanation?
Mr. DAWES. I know the Speaker will
receive what I say in the spirit in which I
say it.
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose it mast be brief.
The SPEAKER. At what point, inside of
the hour, must the Chair arrest the remarks
of the gentleman under such circumstances?
Mr. DAWES. My reply to the Chair is that
unless I was limited as to time I would be enti-
tled to an hour; but I think that would be an
abuse of the privilege granted to me to make a
brief personal explanation. I wanted to apol-
ogize to the House for having exhausted its
patience thus much. I shall never ask this
House again for leave to make a personal ex-
planation. I did so this time merely to assure
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Knott]
that I did not intend to impugn his integrity.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
that he did not arrest his remarks. The gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] ^-lio had
possession of the floor for making reports from
the Judiciary Committee, insisted upon resum-
ing the floor. If the Chair is to understand that
a brief personal explanation shall extend to
an hour he will so rule with great pleasure.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object to any
such understanding.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I did not under-
stand that the personal explanation of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Kkott] and
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] were to come out of the morning hour
or I should have objected at the time. This is
the last morning hour that the Committee on
the Judiciary will have probably for several
months.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the gentleman will have his morning hour, as he
was acting under a misapprehension.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
from Kentucky rose to a privileged question,
and I understood that the Chair ruled me off
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky obtained the floor for a personal expla-
nation and was asked how long he wanted. He
said five minutes. He received unanimous
consent and spoke for five minutes. It was not
a privileged question, but a personal explana-
tion. The gentleman from Massachusetts was
also allowed to make a personal explanation.
The gentleman from Iowa then rose, and he
was accorded the floor. If the gentleman has
been aggrieved by any misapprehension the
Chair can only regret it.
Mr. KERR. I wish the gentleman to give
me five minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that the
morning hour shall commence after the gentle-
man's personal explanation.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KERft. Mr. Speaker, in reply to what
the chairman of the Committee of Elections has
stated on this subject this morning, I say I fully
agree with him it was understood and agreed
before that committee the gentleman present-
ing the evidence iu question should not ask leave
of the House to use it as part of the case made by
the contestee, should notask leaveof the House
to use it, and I desire to emphasize that par-
ticular part of his remarks. That is true, and
that is the understanding; but I also distinctly
understood, and never heard a word in commit-
tee or out of committee, except from the honora-
ble gentleman himself, that the question whether
the committee should consider that evidence
Or not had been acted on by the committee.
On the contrary, I understood the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] who presented
the case before the committee, distinctly asked
the committee to receive that testimony, and
it was agreed between him and the committee
then that the receipt or non-receipt of that
testimony should be determined by the com-
mittee on the final consideration of the case,
and not before. So far as that is concerned,
my memory does not coincide with that of the
chairman of the committee. For this I have a
great degree of regret, for I dislike to differ
with any gentleman as to a question of fact, but
my recollection is entirely clear as to the fact
itself.
Mr. UPSON. I ask the gentleman aquestion,
whether he considered it was necessary for the
committee to act on it after the parties had
declined to apply to the House for leave to
receive it in argument?
Mr. KERR. My answer is, the committee
agreed that the final disposition of this par-
ticular testimony should abide the result of the
decision of the committee.
Mr. UPSON. I agree with the chairman
of the committee and against the gentle-
man.
Mr. KERR. That is all I have to say in
addition to what I said yesterday.
ENBOLLKD BILL.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R. No. 213)
to suspend further reduction of the currency;
when the Speaker signed the same.
SIOUX INDIAN RESERVATION.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and adopted:
Whereas the Sioux Indian reservation, in the
State of Minnesota, was; on the 2d of December, 1867,
under proclamation of the President of tho United
States, exposed to sale:
liesolved. That the Secretary of the Interior is
hereby requested to furnish to this House informa-
tion as to the number of acres of lands sold at said
sale; the price per acre paid therefor; what portion
of the "same was timbered lands, and the price per
acre paid for tho same; what portion of the lands so
sold had been entered by preemption settlers, and
what was the value of tho improvements made by
said settlers on said reservation ; and also, what was
the total number of settlers on said reservation prior
to said sale, and what portion of said settlers filed
affidavits of their inability to pay for said lands prior
to 2d of December, 1867.
GETTYSBURG ASYLUM, ETC.
Mr. VAN WYCK, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Retrenchment, sub-
mitted a report concluding with the following
resoluti6n:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue be requested to revoke the permit heretofore
fiven exempting the Gettysburg Asylum for Disabled
oldiers from the payment of special tax and license,
said revocation to take effect from May 28, 1867, and
that taxes and license be collected from said associa-
tion the same as if no permit had ever been given.
Mr. VAN WYCK. I move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
to-morrow, and that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
DIRECT TAX IN DELAWARE,
Mr. NICHOLSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 010) to facilitate
the collection of the direct tax in the State of
Delaware ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
DES MOINES AND IIOCK ISLAND RAPIDS.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported back, with an amend-
ment in the form of a substitute, a bill (H. R.
No. 485) to aid the improvement of the Des
Moines and Rock Island rapids in the Missis-
sippi river.
The bill provides that whenever, in the pros-
ecution of the improvements in the Mississippi
river at either the Des Moines or Rock Island
rflpids therein, it becomes necessary or con-
venient to take possession of the right of way
over any lands, or to use any earth, quarries,
or other property lying adjacent or near to
either of said works needful for its prosecution,
the officer in charge of said work or his assist-
ant may take possession of and use the same,
after having first paid therefor the value thereof,
which shall have been ascertained in the mode
provided by the laws of the State wherein such
property lies for assessing the value of private
property which may be needed for any public
improvement. It is provided, however, that
when the owner of such property shall fix a
price for the same which, in the opinion of the
officer in charge, shall be reasonable, he may
take the same at such price without further
trouble or delay.
The second section provides that a portion
of the appropriations made or to be made for
the prosecution of the improvements aforesaid,
not exceeding $50,000 in amount, may be ap-
plied in payment of the property so taken and
used.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause an* insert
the following:
That whenever, in tho prosecution of the improve-
ments in the Mississippi river, at either the Des
Moines or Rock Island rapids therein, it becomes
nccessary or proper to take possession of tho right
of way over any land, or to use any earth, quarries, or
other materials lying adjacent or near to either of
said works, and needful for its prosecution, the officer
in charge of said work or his assistant may, in the
