6d2
IBB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
name of the United States, take possession of and |
use the same, after having first paid or seoured to be |
paid the value thereof, which way have beeu aseer- ;
taiucd in the mode provided by the laws of theState !
wherein such property or materials lie for adjudging
the value of private property which may bo needed
tor .my public improvement: I'rovided, however,
Tiiat when the owner of such property or materials
shall fix a price tor the surue, which in the opinion
of said officer in chargo shall be reasonable, ho may
take the same at such price without further delay.
Sue. L\ m i he it further eiKiru a, That a portion of
the appropriation made or to be made for the pros-
ecution of the improvements aforesaid, not exceed-
ing Sitf,000 in amount, may be applied in payment
of the property or inaterialstakon and used as afore-
said.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, the
object of this bill is merely to enable the offi-
cers in charge of the construction of the canal
around the Dcs Moines rapids and the im-
provement of the Rock Island rapids to avail
themselves of the benefit of the laws of Iowa
and Illinois in obtaining the right of way and
the material necessary in the construction of
those improvements. The bill merely provides
for applying in those cases the laws of th.e
respective States. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment reported by the
committee was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. HOLM AN, from the Committer on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (S. R. No 75) limiting contracts for
stationery and other supplies in the Executive
Departments to one year; when the Speaker
signed the same.
ESTIMATES OF NAVY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, transmitting revised
estimates for that Department for the fiscal
year ending June 80, I860; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, atid Or-
dered to be printed.
CIRCUIT COURT AT ERIB, PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
without amendment House bill No. 274, pro-
viding for holding a circuit court at the city
of Erie, Pennsylvania. The bill provides that
the circuit court of the United States for the
western district of Pennsylvania, in addition to
the terms now held, shall be held at the city of
Erie at the same times now fixed by law for
holding terms of the district court for said west-
ern district of Pennsylvania at the city of Erie.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
sad read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read thethirdtime, and passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BANKRUPT ACT.
On motion of Mr. CHURCHILL, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from the
farther consideration of the following bills and
joint resolutions; and the same were referred
to the Committee on the Revision of the Laws
of the United States:
A bill (H. R. No. 372) to amend an act
approved March 2, 1867, entitled "An act to
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 134) relative to
the publication of official notices in bankruptcy;
t A bill (H. R. No. 318) to amend an act to
'establish a uniform system of bankruptcy; and
A bill (H. R. No. 350) to authorize clerks
of courffe of record to administer oaths in pro-
ceedings of bankruptcy.
ORGANIC ACT OF IDAHO.
Mr. CHURCHILL, from thesamecommittee,
reported back House bill No. 203, amendatory
of the organic act of Idaho Territory extend- 1
ing jurisdiction of justices of the peace, with a
substitute therefor.
The substitute was read at length. \
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me for an amendment.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I will do so.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to amend by
striking out " $2,000," and inserting "$3,000"
for the probate court.
I also move to amend by adding the fol-
lowing :
Skc. 3. And b« it further enacted, That the provis-
ions of this act be, and they are hereby, extended to
and shall include the Territory of Montana.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man who reported this bill to allow it to be
printed and recommitted to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. CHURCHILL. I yield for that motion.
The bill was accordingly ordered to be
printed and recommitted to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
PUBLICATION OF IMPORTS.
Mr. MORRELL, from the Committee on
Manufactures, reported the following preamble
and resolution, and demanded the previous
question thereon:
Whereas the theory of commerce is the exchange
of thu product of the labor of one people for that of
■nother; and whereas the practical workings of our
system of foreign commerce has been to drain us of
our precious metals and to transfer to foreign hold-
ers, m settlement of balances of trade, a largo amount
of our public securities: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be,
und it is hereby, directed to inquire into the expe-
diency of providing by law for the periodical public-
ation of the relative values of imports on foreign
and domestic account, and what proportion of the
capital invested in such importing business and of
the profits therefrom pays taxes to this Government,
distinguishing between raw materials and manufac-
tures, ond specifying the relative values of such im-
ports warehoused on foreign and home account, and
report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the preamble and resolution were
agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting a letter from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, submitting estimates
of appropriations required for supplying defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for certain In-
: dian tribes for the current fiscal year; which
Was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
resolutions of delegates to the Mississippi con-
stitutional convention asking for the removal
of the disabilities of R. W. Flournoy, J. S.
Morris, E. A. Peyton, and William T. Thomp-
son ; which were referred to the Committee on
Reconstruction.
IMPROVEMENT OP WASHINGTON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a petition of the common council of Wash-
ington in behalf of citizens now out of em-
ployment, and praying for the improvement
of the city under plans reported by General
Michler, in charge of the public buildings and
grounds; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL DIRECTORY.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution :
Metolved, That the joint Committee on Printing be
instructed to withhold from distribution the second
edition of the Congressional Directory forthesecond
session of the Fortieth Congress, and that they pub-
lish a correct edition of said Directory at as early a
day as practicable.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to make a single
remark. I suppose the gentleman does not
objcct to that.
Mr. SPALDING. Not. at all.
Mr. WINDOM. Iam informed by gentle-
men all around me that this Directory is full
of errors. I know that, so far as I am con-
cerned, I instructed the gentleman who was pre-
paring the Directory in writing distinctly that
iny family were with me and it does not so
appear. I find that similar mistakes are made
in regard to other members. Other gentlemen
are put down as residing at places where they
do not reside. I think there has never been a
Directory published yet that contained a quar-
ter the errors that this does. I think we had
better 'circulate none than such an incorrect
one. If there had beeu simply a mistake in
regard to myself I would not have offered the
resolution ; but on consultation with other gen-
tlemen, who desire that the Directory shall be
withheld, I have presented it to the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I think I have never
known so good a Directory as this.
Mr. WINDOM. The fact, I am informed
by a gentleman who has consulted the person
who got the Directory up, is, that having sent
circulars to members asking corrections tftd
those corrections having been returned to him,
he discarded all the corrections given to him
and went to the post office and took the old
incorrect Directory, that no one supposed wa3
intended for this session.
Now, so far as the first edition is concerned,
I believe it is generally correct; but when you
come to the second edition, they have thrown
away all the instructions they received from
members, and filled it with errors instead of
correct statements.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think
the gentleman had better modify his resolu-
tion so as to instruct the committee to inquire
into the expediency of Withholding the distri-
bution, and then, I think, there will be no
objection to the resolution. I must say, in
regard to this Congressional Directory, that I
think there is nothing in which there has been
a greater reform than in the manner of getting
it up and in regard to the expense. There
may be some errors, but certainly a very accu-
rate and competent man has had charge of it.
He may have made mistakes, and I presume
be has from what the gentleman says, but I
do not think it would be proper to adopt the
resolution without having it referred to a com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House unless the gentlemen from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] withdraws his objection.
Mr. SPALDING. I insist on my objection.
Mr. CAVANAUGH- I am in the same
position as the gentleman from Minnesota,
although I gave full instructions to the com-
piler of the Directory.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House.
' MIAMI INDIAN RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER resumed the call of com-
mittees for reports.
Mr. SHANKS, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 511)
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to
cause the lands known as the Miami Indian
reservation, in the State of Indiana, to be
patented; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the
Interior to cause the land reserved to the band
of " Me-to-sin-ia" by the second article of the
Miami treaty of November 6,1838, and which
was conveyed to "Me-shin-go-me-sia," son of
"Me-to-sin-ia," by the seventh article^of the
treaty with the Miamies, of the 28th Novem-
ber, 1840, to be patented to the members of
the band byname, (naming them,) or to such of
them and their children as may be living at the
date of the passage of the bill, and said lands
shall thereafter be subject in all respects to the
laws of partition and descent of the State of
