1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBB.
m
Indiana, said patent to convey the land in fee
simple, provided that in the partition of the lands
the homes they now severally occupy shall be
secured to said persons so far as may be done
consistently with the fulfillment of the other
requirements of this act, and that the lauds
shall not be held liable for any debt and claim
whatsoever held by any person or persons
prior to the date of the conveyance, nor for
the fees of any agent or attorney in connection
with said conveyance.
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois. Ihopethe
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Shanks J will
give the House some explanation of this bill.
Mr. SHANKS. In the counties of Wabash
and Grant, in the State of Indiana, there was
granted in 1838, to a band of Indians kno"wn as
the Me-to-sin-ia band of Miama Indians, six
thousand four hundred acres of land. At the
death of that chieftain there was another treaty
made with the United States, by which this
land was granted to the son, Me-shin-go-me- sia,
in trust for the land.
That chief, Me-shin-go-me-sia, now eighty
years of age, together with his band, ask the
United States to patent to them in fee the
lands so ceded to him in trust The lands are
now held in trust, and outsiders are interfer-
ing with their timber. They ask that these
lands be patented to them by name and jointly,
so that they may become subject to the laws
of the State of Indiana.
These Indians are civilized, and carrying on
farming and other labors as white men do ;
and they ask to be placed on the same footing
with white men. Ihey do not ask to be exon-
erated from taxation, but I have asked for
them that they be exonerated from liability for
debts incurred prior to the passage of this bill.
They say that they do not know that there are
any debts against them. !
I have asked that the lands may be ceded to
them by name. And they have also requested
me—for they are my constituents—to ask Con-
gress to pass laws by which they may be secured
in the homesteads which they have improved,
so far as it can be done without damage to the
rights of the band. That, however, they would
be entitled to at any rate under the laws of the
State of Indiana. There is this difference, how-
ever, between the effect of the laws of the
State upon them and upon white people: one
Indian is considered th€ same as another, let
his age be what it may. This bill proposes to
grant this land to these Indians jointly, to be
divided equally among them, so that each will
have the same interest in them that any other
member of the band has. I know these pat-
ties personally. It is provided that these
Indian lands shall not be liable for any debts
against them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish the
gentleman would explain the reason for such
a provision.
Mr. SHANKS. I will explain that with a
great deal of pleasure. I will read the lan-
guage upon the subject used by the chief him-
self. He says :
"A number of the members of the band are the
heads of families, and are desirous to know what in-
terest they are to have in the lands, that they may
have the same set apart to them to permanently im-
prove, cultivate, and enjoy; and while they are clear-
ing up their places, ana making them ready for cul-
tivation and profit, they respectfully ask that their
lands may be exempt from taxation for a reasonable
time—say five years. We know of no indebtedness,
judgments, or decrees that would be a lien upon said
land, but for fear thatsome of that class of men known
as Indian traders may hereafter bring up old claims
against us—claims long since paid—we respectfully
ask that it maybe provided that such claims may not
be brought against said land."
It is to provide against that class of men,
of whom the Indians have justly become
afraid.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
claims have been paid how can they be brought
up again ?
Mr. SHANKS. I have given the language
of this honest old man. I know these parties,
and I will say to the House that they are wor-
thy of the protection of the Government. I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motioa to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SETTLERS ON OSAGE INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I am directed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs to move that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of joint resolution (H. R. No.
149) for the relief of settlers on the Osage Indian
lands in Kansas, and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
BUSINESS OP INDIAN COMMITTEE.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, at a meeting
of the Committee on Indian Affairs this morn-
ing I was unanimously instructed to report a
bill which requires for its preparation some
examination of treaties, and for that reason F
have not yet prepared it. I ask the consent of
the House to report it to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. That is a question for the
consideration of the committee that will be
entitled to the morning hour to-morrow—prob-
ably the Committee on Military Affairs. Is
there objection to permitting the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Windom] to report during
the morning hour to-morrow a bill which he has
been authorized by the Committee on Indian
Affairs to report, but which he has not had
time to prepare?
Mr. GARFIELD. Will that arrangement
prejudice the interests of the Committee on
Military Affairs ?
The SPEAKER. Unless some arrangement
to the contrary be made it certainly would. The
Committee on Indian Affairs has, as the Chair
understands, completed the presentation of
the reports it has in readiness, and the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs would be entitled to
the remainder of the morning hour to-day and
to the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask that the Committee
on Indian Affairs be authorized to report the
bill during the morning hour next Friday.
The SPEAKER. That is private bill day.
Mr. WINDOM. This is a private bill, and
I presume our committee would at any rate
be called on that day for reports of a private
nature.
The SPEAKER. The call for reports of a
private nature is now resting with the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, and that committee
will probably occupy with private business the
whole of the morning hour on Friday.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent
to report this bill from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs on Friday, immediately after the
Committee on Invalid Pensions have concluded
their reports.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that will be the understanding.
There was no objection.
SALE OF A MILITARY SITE.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am directed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back
without amendment a bill (H. R. No. 368)
authorizing the sale of an unoccupied military
site at Waterford, Pennsylvania.
The bill, which was read, proposes to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury, in his dis-
cretion, to sell to the highest and best bidder
the military site of three acres of landat Water-
ford, Erie county, Pennsylvania, belonging to
the United States, and to pay the proceeds into
the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the Clerk to read,
as an explanation of this bill, a letter on the
subject from the Treasury Department.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Solicitor's Office, July 30,1867.
Sib: Your letter of the 26th instant is this day
received, inquiring whether the Solicitor of the
Treasury has power' to sell a lot of three acres of
laud belonging to the United States at Waterfbrd,
Pennsylvania, or whether a special act of Congress
Will be required for such sale.
li seems that the land in question was purchased
at private sale in 1818, for the use of the War Depart-
ment, for the purpose of establishing an arsenal
thereon, but was never used for that purpose or for
any purpose. In 1850 it was offered for sale, but no
satisfactory bid having been received it was not sold.
By the act of Congress of June 12,1858, "all exist-
ing laws or parts of laws which authorize tho sale of
military sites which are or may become useless for
military purposes," are repealed, "and said land3
shall not be subject to salo or preemption under any
of tho laws of tho United States."
The Solicitor of tho Treasury is authorized to sell
only such lands as have been taken, either by judi-
cial process or otherwise, in payment of debts, &c.,
due to the United States.
So that as to the lot at \Yalerford there is no law
which authorizes the sale thereof either by the Soli-
citor of tho Treasury or otherwise, and an fust of
Congress will bo required for tho sale of the same.
Very respectfully,
EDWARD JORDAN,
Solicitor of the 'Treasury.
S. B. Benson, Esq., Waterford,, Pennsylvania.
Mr. GARFIELD. I believe that this letter
furnishes all the explanation it is necessary to
give in regard to this bill. The property in
question is a small tract of land which the Gov-
ernment has never used for any purpose. Tha
fact that it belongs to the United States was
almost forgotten until recently, when attention
was called to the matter; and the request has
been made that the Secretary of the Treasury
be authorized to sell the land. This he was
once authorized to do under a law which has
now expired. The bill which we have reported
proposes simply to give him again this author-
ity. I suppose no one will object to the meas-
ure, and I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FINES, ETC.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of repealing
so much of the act " to regulate the disposition of
fines," &c., approved March 2, 1867, as provides for
the search and seizure of merchants' books and
papers.
PARIS EXPOSITION.
Mr. GRISWOLP, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed
to furnish this House with copy of report of Abraham
S. Hewitt, special commissioner from the United
States to the Paris Exposition.
SUPREME COURT REPORTS.
Mr. KERR, lay unanimons consent, submit-
ted the following preamble and resolution;
which were read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas many of the decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States possess no intrinsic value
for the profession or the country, and are yet re-
quired by the law to be reported: Therefore. _
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into tho expediency of giving
power by law to said court to direct that decisions
which they consider of such character shall not be
reported, and to report by bill or othorwiso.
TAXING NATIONAL BANK SHARES.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 511) in relation to
taxing shares in national banks; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
REPORT OF LIEUTENANT WILLIAM IIAWLEY.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to the House whether any report
has been mado to Major General Winficld b. Han-
cock by Lieutenant William Hawley, commanding
