PRIVATE ACTS OF THE FORTIETH CONGRESS
of the
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the Second Session, which teas begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 2d day of December, A. D. 186Y; was adjourned on Monday, the 2*1 th day of July, A. D. 1868, to
meet on Monday, the 21 st day of September; met on said 21st, day of September, and adjourned to meet on
Friday, the 16th day of October ; met on said l&h day of October, and adjourned to meet on Tuesday, the 10th
day of November; met on said 10th day of November, 1868, and ended the same day.
Andrew Johnson, President.
Benjamin F. Wade, President of the Senate.
House of Bepresentatives.
Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the
Chap. IV.—An Act for the Relief of Orlaf E.
Drentzer, late Consul of the United States to
the Kingdom of Norway.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby directed, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to pay Orlaf E. Drentzer, late consul
to Bergen, eight hundred and thirty-seven dol-
lars and forty-seven cents, in coin, for consular
salary from the fourth day of November,
eighteen hundred and sixty five, to the twenty-
fourth day of May, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, less the amount of consular fees received
by him during that time.
Approved, January 11, 1868.
Chap. XII.—An Act for the Relief of Captain
C. P. Johnson.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
pay to C. P. Johnson, late a captain m the
seventeenth Iowa infantry, the amount by law
allowed to a captain of infantry in the regular
Army, upon the retired list, said pay to com-
mence from the time of his muster out from the
said seventeenth Iowa infantry.
Approved, February 21, 1868.
Chap. XIV.—An Act for the Relief of Iloraee
Smith and D. D. Wesson, or their Assigns.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, ThatHorace Smith and D.
B. Wesson, or their assigns, have leave to make
application to the Commissioner of Patents for
au extension of the letters-patent for improve-
ment in repeating fire-arms issued to said
Horace Smith and D. B. Wesson for the term
of fourteen years from the fourteenth day of
February, eighteen hundred and fifty four, and
reissued on the tenth day of October of the same
year, in the same manner as if the petition for
said extension bad beep filed at least ninety
days prior to the expiration of said patent; and
that the Commissioner be authorized to con-
sider and determine said application in the
same manner as if it had been filed ninety days
before the expiration of the said patent.
Approved, February ^5, 18G8. .
40th Cong. 2d Sess —No. 37.
Chap. XVIII.—An Act for the Relief of the
Heirs of the late Major General I. B. Rich-
ardson, deceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and i-<
hereby, appropriated, out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of four hundred dollars to Mrs. Frances S.
Richardson, widow of the late Major General
I. B. Richardson, deceased, in trust for Israel
P. Richardson, minor child and heir of said
Richardson, deceased ; the same being in full
compensation for one mule and four horses
stolen from deceased in the year eighteen
hundred and fifty-two by the Apache Indians,
while he was on duty in New Mexico as an officer
of the United States Army.
Approved, March 2, 18G8.
Chap. XXII f.—An Act for the Relief of John
H. Ellis, a Paymaster in the United States
Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury Department, be,
and they are hereby, required to allow Major
John H. Ellis, on settlement of his accounts,
a credit of thirty-six hundred and seventy-
three dollars and ninety-one cents, being the
amount lost in consequence of the larcency
of nineteen thousand and ninety-three dollars
and ninety-one cents of the public money
stolen from the custody of said Ellis, at Fort
Leavenworth, Kansas, on the night of the first
day of January, eighteen haudred and sixty-six,
if, on examining the accounts of the said Ellis,
the Paymaster General shall deem said Ellis
justly entitled to said credit, and shall certify
his approval thereof.
Approved, March 9, 1868.
Chap. XXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of the
Le<>-al Representatives of the late Philip R.
Fendall.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to the legal representatives of
the late Philip R. Feadall, for labor performed
in editing the writings of James Madison, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of twenty-one hundred
dollars.
Approved, March 12, 1868.
Chap. XXXII.—An Act to authorize Charles
Grafton Page to apply for and receive a
Patent.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States uf America in
Congress assembled, That the co'mttiissioner
of Patents is hereby authorized to receive and
entertain a renewal of the application of
Charles Grafton Page for letters-patent for his
"induction apparatus and circuit breakers,"
now on file in the United States Patent Office,
including therewith his circuit breakers, de-
scribed by him prior to said application, and
that if the Commissioner shall adjudge the said
Page to have been the first inventor thereof,
he shall issue to him a patent, which patent
shall be valid, notwithstanding said Page's
invention may have been described or in use
prior to said application, and notwithstanding
the fact that said Page is now an examiner in
the United States Patent Office: Provided,
That any person in possession of said appa-
ratus prior to the date of said patent shall
possess the right to use, and vend to others to
use, the said specific apparatus in his posses-
sion without liability to the inventor, patentee,
or any other person interested in said inven-
tion or patent therefor.
Approved, March 19, 1868.
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act for the Relief of the
Heirs of the late General Duncan L. Clinch,
deceased.
Whereas Eliza B. Anderson, wife of Major
General Robert Anderson, and daughter and
heir-at-law of the late General Jjutican L.
Clinch, deceased, has an equitable claim, in
her own right and to the exclusion of all other
heirs of said Clinch, against the Government
of the United States, they having released all
demands in the premises; and whereas the
family of the said Robert Anderson need for
their support the aniount which she may be
entitled to:. No#, therefore, in consideration
of the premises, and in consideration of the dis-
