1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida large grants
of lands, amounting in the aggregate to nearly
five million acres, and gave them ten years
within which to comply with the conditions of
the grant. The following is a statement of the
several grants, which has been famished me
by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office:
Certified to Florida, August, 1857, August and No-
vember. 1858, and October, 1860, under act of 17th of
May, 1856—
1. For Florida road, aores  281,984.17
2. For Alabama and Florida road, acres... 165,688.00
3. For Pensacola and Georgia road 1,275,212.93
4. For Florida, Atlantic, and Gulf Central
road, acres  37,583.29
Total to Florida.  1,760,468.39
Certified to Alabama, May, 1859, and January,
1861—
(1.) Under aet of May 17,1856—
1. For Alabama and Florida road, acres... 394,522.99
2. Under same act, for Alabama and Ten-
nessee road, acres  440,700.16
(2.) Under act of 3d June, 1856—
1. For Northwestern and Southwestern
road, acres  289,535.58
2. For Coosa and Tennessee road, acres... 67,784.96
3. For Will's Valley road, acres  471,920.57
4. For Mobile and Oirard road, aores  504,145.86
Total to Alabama, acres  1,868,610.12
Certified to Mississippi, September, 1859, under act
of August 11,1856—
For Southern railroad, acres  171,550.00
Certified to Louisiana, October, 1859, and January,
1861, under act of 3d June, 1856—
1. For Vicksburg and Shreveport road,
acres  353,211.70
2. For New Orleans, Opelousas, and Great
Western road, acres  719,193.75
Total to Louisiana   1,072,405.45
Recapitulation.
To Florida  1,760,468.39
To Alabama   1,868,610.12
To Mississippi  171,550.00
To Louisiana    1,072,405.45
Total approved to all southern States... 4,973,033.%
There being none approved to Arkansas under the
acts referred to.
Soon after this action of Congress these
States created corporations for the purpose of
accepting the g&nts and performing the work
as to several of the roads specified. But very
little, in fact, was done prior to the breaking
out of the rebellion. This event, of course,
put a stop to all further movements, but it
does not excuse these corporations, for every
one of them, on the initiation of civil war,
promptly and eagerly espoused the rebel cause
and contributed all of their power and re-
sources to the work of dismembering the Union.
They are, therefore, not only inexcusable,
but, in common with the States which created
them, are criminally recreant to their obliga-
tions. They are entitled to no favors at the
hands of Congress, for they not only failed to
perform their engagements, or even to attempt
it, but signalized their bad faith by treason.
These grants having expired by limitation the
lands granted are already forfeited to the Uni-
ted States ; and the first section of the bill I
have reported simply declares that- forfeiture
and subjects them to homestead entry and set-
tlement by the landless poor of the South.
They are now held in the clutches of these
corporations, and without such action of Con-
gress as I propose must remain so, and no man
can lawfully settle upon an acre of this for-
bidden soil.
To show that I am right in regard to the
spirit and character of these railroad corpora-
tions I will ask the Clerk to do me the kind-
ness to read from a report very recently sub-
mitted by the Secretary of War ad interiem for
the use of the Committee on Southern Rail-
roads, containing an official statement of facts
communicated by the Quartermaster General
respecting the conduct of these corporations.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. Will my
colleague allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. JULIAN. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I wish to
ask the gentleman if the railroad corporation
known as "The Tennessee and Alabama Rail-
road Company,'' from Nashville to Decatur, was
not loyal before and during the war, and if they
were not driven from their work by the rebels ?
Mr. JULIAN. I shall refer particularly to
that road before I get through, and then I will
answer the gentleman. I ask the Clerk now
to read the passages I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The close of the war found the railroad compa-
nies of the South in a financial condition bordering
upon bankruptcy—their treasuries as completely
collapsed as the rebellion itself. In almost every
case the management of the roads had been closely
identified with the initiation of rebellion, and had
contributed to sustain it against the Government,
both by the influence and means of the companies.
During the war they had followed the fortunes of the
bastard government with a seal most commendable
had it been in a worthy cause, but most contemptible
and criminal, being manifested in the cause of trea-
son. While their roads were occupied by the rebels
they had strained theircapacity inthe concentration
; of troops and supplies, and no class of men were
louder in their defiance of the powerof the United
I States.
j " When the strong arm of the Government forced
i the rebels to retire from their roads, the management
'! of the railroads aided them in removing munitions
1 of war, and afterward retired behind the new lines
of the rebellion—taking with them as much of the
Sroperty of their roads as they could—and then again
erided the efforts of the Government to put a stop
to their treason. They manifested their confidence in
the ultimate destruction of their country by investing
■ their means in confederate bonds..aml in contracting
with theconfederacy to run the blockade established
by the United States, to export cotton and import
munitionsof war, and to carry the ma;ts, to give the
, so-called confederate States of America the likeness
! of a nation, and enable it to exercise the preroga-
]i tivesof independence at home and upon the high
t seas, in defiance of the United States Government.
! "Commensurate with their crimes was their pun-
ishment, had the Government they sought to destroy
exercised its inalienable rights to their property,
which they had converted into munitions of war for
the benefit of its enemies."
Mr. JULIAN. That, sir, is the character
of these companies.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him one question ?
Mr. JULIAN. Certainly.
Mr. CHANLER. I would inquire whether
this is a report of General Grant, or any act-
ing general of the war, or if it is not simply the
opinion of a subordinate officer ?
Mr. JULIAN. It is a report submitted by
General Grant, from the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, made out, 1 believe, by Captain Hamill,
acting in the capacity of quartermaster, and to
whom was specially submitted the inquiries
about which he repprted.
Mr. CHANLER! It has been referred to
the special committee to which the subject was
referred. The gentleman is simply taking from
that committee the merit of their labor. I only
wanted to know if he was aware that this was
simply the individual opinion of a subordinate
officer.
Mr. JULIAN. I understand the character
of that report, which is public property and
has been printed. It is accessible to every
member of the House who desires to use it.
I merely use the facts which it officially pre-
Mr. CHANLER. The report has not yet
been made by the chairman of the special Com-
mittee on Southern Railroads, [Mr. McClurg,]
to which it was referred by General Grant as
Secretary of War ad interim.
Mr. JULIAN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Southern Railroads is in perfect
accord with me on this question and under-
stands perfectly the use I make of this report.
It bears upon the bill I have reported, and I
have a perfect right to fortify my position by
its f&cts
Mr. HAWKINS. Is not this simply the
report of a gentleman who had no means of
knowing the facts which he reports except
from public rumor? Has he ever had the
slightest opportunity in his life to investigate
and ascertain what the facts really are?
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
at the proper time can have the floor to assail
that official document, if he desires to do so.
I have already given its character, and I think
it entitled to consideration by this House. In
regard to these interruptions, however, I desire
to state that I propose .to give ample oppor-
tunity to debate this bill. Its opponents shall
be heard) and I will say further that after I
have concluded what I have to say I will gladly
reply to any qu0Btions. But I desire now to be
permitted to go on without further interrup-
tion.
Mr. Speaker, it appears from this official
statement, and it will appear also from the con-
curring testimony taken before the Committee
on Southern Railroads, thatwhatl haveasserted
as to the disloyalty of these railroad corpora-
| tions at the beginning of the war and during
i its prosecution is true. And the bill which I
have reported from the Committee on Public
Lands simply declares the grant of lands made
in 1856 forfeited to the United States, as I have
already stated, and opens them to settlement
i and tillage by the homeless poor, whether black
i or white.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. JULIAN. I must decline to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. The gentleman
has made an erroneous statement affecting my-
self, and I desire to correct it right here.
Mr. JULIAN. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. GLOSSBRENNER. I did not hear the
remark of the gentleman ; but I am informed
I that he has made the statement that this bill
j was reported with the unanimous concurrence
of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I did not say so. If the
gentleman had heard my remark he would have
been saved the trouble of interrupting me.
So much for the first section of the bill, as to
which I think there will be very little diversity
of opinion among those who stand on the side
of their country.
The second section is in the nature of an
amendment to the southern homestead law,
and provides that in all cases where the original
lines of survey have been obliterated the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office may
appoint a deputy surveyor, who shall retrace the
lines of the original survey according to the
field-notes of the surveys heretofore executed
by the United States. This is rendered neces-
sary by the fact that in many cases in the South
men pretending to be surveyors, and to have
authority as such, charge the poor claimant as
high as twenty-five, thirty, and thirty-five dol-
lars for the survey of eighty acres of land, there
being no voucher of its accuracy when made
and no authenticity attaching to it.
The second section of the bill guards against
that imposition in the manner I have stated,
and I have framed it to meet many complaints
from the South of imposition and fraud* such
as I have specified.
Mr. Speaker, having now briefly explained
the two sections of the bill I desire to urge
one or two general considerations in support
of its passage.
In the first place, I beg leave to repeat what I
said here in December, as to the great and im-
perative need of homes throughout these States.
It is true that under the southern homestead
law of June 21, 1866, a large belt of country
is dedicated exclusively to homestead entry
and settlement, all further sale of it being
henceforward forbidden. But a very great
proportion of this land is worthless for tillage,
and failed to find purchasers prior to the war,
even under the inducements supplied by the
old graduation laws of Congress. It is mani-
festly inadequate to supply the demand of the
millions in those regions for homes. Let me
state a few instructive facts in support of my
position. In 1850 Congress granted to the
three States of Louisiana, Florida, and Arkan-
sas twenty-six million acres of the best lands
in those States under the name of " swamp
and overflowed land," a large proportion
being dry land, and among the very best in the
nation. The lands thus granted to those States
were bought up in vast tracts by Jacob Thomp-
son of Mississippi, Robert W. Johnson of
Arkansas, and other leading rebels, and to-day
are held as -a remorseless monopoly upon
which the loyal and landless poor of these
States may not set their feet.
