696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22?,
Let me state another instructive fact—and I
have it from the census table and from the
official reports of the GeneriTl Land Office—
namely, that in the five land States of the
South there are fifty-two million acres of land
held by speculators, from which, of course, the
poor are totally excluded. In point of fact,
more than two thirds of the population of those
States are landless, and if you exclude their
towns and cities not more than one person in
fifteen of their agricultural population is a
landholder. Fourteen fifteenths of the peo-
ple of an exclusively agricultural country,
only one tenth of which is improved, own no
land, and are at the mercy of the graceless
few who do own it. These are startling facts,
and they invoke our early and earnest action.
Mr. Speaker, from these considerations it is
seen at once how necessary it is that we should
multiply the opportunities for acquiring homes
in those States; and I repeat here what I said
in this Hall five years ago, that the great want
of this southern country is small farms, thrifty
tillage, free schools, closely associated com-
munities, social independence, respect for
honest labor, and equality of political rights, in
the place of great plantations, widely scattered
population, wasteful agriculture, social degra-
dation, the decay of literature, contempt for
honest labor, and a pampered aristocracy lord-
ing it over millions of the poor. Sir, on these
feneral and pregnant grounds I ask that the
louse shall consider favorably the enactment
of this bill.
Let me present, Mr. Speaker, another ground
on which I support this measure. AVe have
had a good deal of debate in this House and
in the other eod of the Capitol about the tax
on cotton. Sir, I submit that a far more im-
portant question is how to increase the produc-
tion of cotton, and that this can best be done
by the multiplication of small farms and the
decimation of large estates. Cotton should be
cultivated as we cultivate other crops in the
middle and western States. It should not of
necessity be king, but may be alternated with
other crops under the policy of a diversity of
pursuits and a division of labor: The planta-
tion system, with its monotony of labor, should
give place to small homesteads, to be tilled by
their owners. This will increase the produc-
tion of the South, whether the product be cot-
ton or corn. These ideas, Mr. Speaker, have
been taking root all over the South. The New
Orleans Republican, the New Orleans Tribune,
the New Orleans Bee, and other leading papers
of the South frankly declare that the only pol-
icy which can really save that section is the
policy of breaking up the great landed aristoc-
racy there and parceling out the soil in small
homesteads to be tilled by their independent
owners. We find, Mr. Speaker, that even poor
"Old Virginia1' begins to see dimly this vital
truth. Speaking through Henry A. Wise she
makes her significant confession of faith in an
address recently delivered in Richmond, from
which I ask the Clerk to read the following
extract.
The Clerk read as follows:
"These changes demand an absolute change in
agriculture, a chancre from the plantation to the
.farming system. This requires a new mode of cul-
ture, new implements, new crops, more various, on
a smaller scale, more contracted and concentrated,
requiring more skill, more care, and yielding the
most profit on the smallest space. Virginians, if
tbey would not be driven out from their own inher-
itance, should themselves do this work of farming
for themselves. They must not call on Hercules, nor
freedmen, nor German, nor Swede, nor immigrants
from any clime."
Mr. JULIAN. The fact is well known that
in Texas prior to the war the Germans demon-
strated the profitableness of raising cotton on
tracts of only a few acres. Each farmer raised
only so much as his family could take care of,
and it was a better article and produced a bet-
ter price in market than cotton raised on great
plantations underthe system of "gang labor."
But I need not appeal to the experience of
Texas, nor speak of cotton only." Every great
political economist tells us that in Prance,
where the policy of small farms has been tested,
and in all those countries on the Continent in
which it has been thoroughly tried, the maxi-
mum of productiveness has been the result,
while it invariably educates the cultivator, and
promotes the virtues of temperance and fru-
gality, and renders his calling respectable and
attractive. Sir, the South needs a new dis-
pensation, suited to the rule of free labor. Her
system of wasteful tillage on great stretches of
land by uneducated labor must pass away; and
the attempt to preserve it will be as ruinous as
the same experiment in the island of Jamaica
after slavery had been abolished. Political
economy promises no blessings and no rewards
to those who disown common sense and the
teachings of experience.
On these considerations, then, I ask that
these lands of the South, wantonly committed
to the keeping of these rebel corporations, shall
be opened up to those who need it.
The aggregate grant of this land, as I have
said, amounts to nearly five million acres.
It consists of alternate sections along the lines
of these roads for a distance of six miles on
either side. By putting up the price of the
even sections to $2 50 an acre it has inter-
dicted settlement 011 them, thns making a solid
belt of twelve miles along the fertile valleys
of the States in which they lie. By thus ex-
cluding this belt from all settlement and tillage
it necessarily has driven away from a consid-
erable territory contiguous to that belt settle- \
ments which else would have been made.
Why, sir, the prodigal legislation of Con-
gress has in this way doomed to utter barren-
ness fifteen million acres of land, at a moderate
calculation, which ought at the earliest moment
to be restored to tillage in the form of home-
steads for the poor.
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to consider a three-
fold opposition which is made here to the bill
in its present form.
The first is a memorial from New Orleans
praying a revival of the grant made to the
New Orleans and OpelousasRailroad Company.
This memorial has been placed on the desks of
every member of the House, and it asks for an
accounting with the company, and that the
United States shall pay the company for the use
and occupation of tne road.
Mr. Speaker, my first remark respecting this
memorial is that Louisiana has not yet been
born again into her proper practical constitu-
| tional relations to the Union; and I think a
! child that is not yet born is rather too young
! to make railroads. Louisiana has no civil gov-
■ ernment to whom we could revive the grant.
AVhen she comes back into her proper status
through the gateway that Congress has pro-
vided, with a loyal government, and her loyal
' people shall ask us to revive this grant, we
shall be ready to consider the question. As
; chairman of the Committee on Public Lands I
' pledge myself to deal with her with the same
even-handed liberality which we have awarded
in similar applications from the n6rthern States.
But it is too soon for Louisiana to ask what
she does in this memorial.
I remark, in the next place, that the leading
petitioners on this memorial during the war
were rebels of the very meanest description,
and are so to-day. They cannot, therefore,
come here with clean hands, and they have no
right to ask for our help at present. And as
they have sent here a public memorial with
their names attached, 1 propose to do them
the kindness of advertising their character as
rebels, which I have taken some pains to ascer-
tain. I will mention a number of the leading
petitioners, who have been, and I doubt not
still are, rebels:
"Pipe, Lcpeyre k Bros., bankers; H. Doane, vice
president Factors' and Traders' Insurance Company;
J. Madison Wells, ex-Govemar of Louisiana; J. N.
Lea, member of the bar; Alfred Moalton, president
Jlome Insurance Company: T, A. Adams, president
Board of Underwriters: Thomas Sloo, president Sun
Mutual Insurance Company; George Jonas, presi-
dent Canal Bahk: Jules A. Blank, president Louisi-
ana State Bank; E. Ridgney, president Atlantic In-
surance Company; John Pemberton, president Mer-
chants' Insurance Company; John J. Adams k Co.,
wholesale grocers; Henry Peychaud, president Hope
Insurance Company; Slooum, Baldwin & Co.,whole-
sale hardware; Stark, Stouffer k Co., wholesale hard-
ware: Adam Griffin, State Treasurer; A. Carriene,
president P. T. Citizens' Bank; C. Cammack, paying
teller Citizens' Bank; A. Chaipella, president Union
insurance Company; IS. J. Forstall, agent B. Bros.
& Co.; W. II. Letchford k Co., wholesale dry goods;
Smith, Newman k Co., bankers: W.Henderson, firm
of Henderson k Gaines: Gaines & Keif, wholesale
crockery dealers; McStca k Value, wholesale dry
goods; A. D. Grief k Co., wholesale grocers."
These rebels come here to ask the revival of
this grant from Congress, kindly submitting to
this body the form of a bill which they desire
us to pass and which they have framed for us.
The first section provides for the reinstatement
of this grant for eight years, and it has the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That the construction of said road shall
be completed within eight years from the date of this
act; and in consideration of the services of said road
and company, rendered the United States during the
late war and since the capture of New Orleans, the
proper officers of the Treasury are hereby authorized
and required to adjust and liquidate the open ac-
counts of said company with the Departments of the
General Post Office and the Quartermaster General.
They ask us to pay them for the use and
occupation of their road, its machinery and
rolling stock in the service of the Union during
the war. They ask us to pay the expenses of
flogging the scoundrels when we were compelled
to do it by their own infernal treason, and to
save the nation from ruin. Why, Mr. Speaker,
the impudence of such a demand is next to
sublime. Is any stronger proof of the rebel
character of this petition needed? And the
president of the road comes here with a state-
ment which he asks Congress to consider, to
some passages of which I desire to refer in
order to illustrate the fact which I have stated
as to the disloyalty of these people. He says
that all their accumulated new material and
the major portion of their rolling stock and
railroad stores after the capture of New Or-
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is not discussing the question
before the House, but is discussing a question
which has been referred to a special committee
of this House which has not yet reported with
regard to the rolling stock and personal prop-
erty of these railroads.
Mr. JULIAN. That is rather a sage point
of order. I leave the Chair to decide it.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentleman is not
discussing the bill which relates to land grants,
but is talking about the rolling stock on these
rsitro&ds
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
last remark of the gentleman from Indiana, but
the Chair is of opinion that the general line of
discussion pursued by the gentlemen has been
in order on this bill. The bill is entitled " A
bill to declare forfeited to the United States
certain lands granted to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads in the States of Alabama^
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida, and for
other purposes.'' It relates, therefore, to rail-
roads in the Southern States, and especially
in those four States which are named. He is
speaking -of a railroad in Louisiana, as the
Chair understands.
Mr. CHANLER. I merely wish to state
that the question the gentleman is debating
anticipates one that is in the hands of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr, McClurg.] Of
course, if these gentlemen are of accord on
this question, it is a matter of very little con-
sequence to me, a minority member of the
committee. That is all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York understands very well that sometimes the
Same matter is Teferred to and considered by
-two different committees at the same time, the
one in a larger degree and the other in a less
degree.
Mr. COVODE. I make the point of order
that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Chanler] must address the 8peaker from his
seat. [Mr. Chanler was occupying a seat on
the Republican side of the House.]
The SPEAKER. The point of order comes
too late. The gentleman should have made it
when the gentleman from New York rose.
