1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
widowhood, subject to tlie provisions and limit-
ations of the pension laws, to commence on
the tenth day of April, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four; and in case of her death or mar-
jiage, then the pension to be paid to the minor
children of said Adam Schmidt, deceased, as
may be under sixteen years of age, subject to
the provisions of the general pension laws.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
Ciiap. CX.—An Act granting a Pension to Aus-
tin M. Partridge.
Be itinocted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Austin M. Partridge,
late a wagoner in company F, twenty-sixth
regimentof Iowa infantry, commencing March
twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, J une 25, 1868.
Chap. CXI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Eliza J. Rennard, widow of William K. Ren-
nard, deceased, late a private in Tenth Ohio
Volunteers, of [the] War of eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep -
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to place on the pension-rolls the name
of Eliza J. Rennard, widow of William K. Ren-
nard, deceased, a private in tenth Ohio bat-
tery of volunteers of the war of eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-one; and that she be paid a
pension allowed a private, during her widow-
hood, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, to commence on the first
day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-five ;
and in case of her death or marriage, then the
pension to be paid to the minor children of
said William K. Rennard, deceased, as may be
under sixteen years of age, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the general pension
laws.
Afproveb, June 25, 1868.
Chap. CXTI.—-An Act for the Relief of Mary
B. Craig.
Beit enaetedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place the name of Mary B. Craig,
of Marshall county, West Virginia, widow of
Samuel P. Craig, on the pension-roll at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence
on the first day of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, subject to the limitations and pro-
visions of the petiFtou laws.
Ajtrovh;:, June 25, 18(58.
Chap. CXIII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Sarah E. Pickell.
Beitenacted by the Senate and HouseofRep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the nan* of Sarah E. Pickell, widow of
John Pickell, late of the thirteenth regiment
New York volunteers, at the rate of seventeen
dollars per month, commencing April sixth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
Chap. CXIV.—An Act for the Relief of the
widow and ruinor children of Benjamin
B. Naylor, late a Pilot on the Gunboat
Patapseo.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Hates of America in
Congress msernhlcd, - That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the names of the widow and minor children
under sixteen years of age of Benjamin B.
Naylor, late a pilot on the gunboat Patapsco,
on the pension-rolls, at the rate allowed by law
to pilots in the Navy, to commence on the fif-
teenth day of January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, the same to be subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
and paid out of the naval pension fund.
- Approved, June 25,
Chap. CXV.—An Act increasing the Pension
of Susan A. Mitchell.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Susan A. Mitchell, mother
of Lieutenant Leander F. Alley, late of com-
pany I, twentieth Massachusetts regiment vol-
unteer infantry, as the mother of a second
lieutenant, in lieu of the pension she is now
receiving.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
Chap. CXV1.—An Act to place the name of
Josephine K. Bugher on the Pension-Rolls.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be authorized and directed to place
the name of Josephine K. Bugher, of Missouri,
on the pension-rolls, at the rate of twenty dol-
lars per month, commencing on the first day
of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, as
the widow of Captain William J. Bugher, sub-
ject to the limitations and provisions of the
pensions laws.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
Chap. CX1X.—An Act for the Relief of the
widow and children of Colonel James A.
Mulligan, deceased.
Whereas James A. Mulligan on the fifteenth
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, was
mus'ered into the service of the United States
as colonel of the twenty-third Illinois infantry,
known as the "Irish brigade," marched to the
front in July, eighteen hundred and sixty-one,
and from that time (excepting two months when
a prisoner of war) was actively engaged in the
military service of the Republic against armed
rebels until he fell on the battle-field of Win-
chester, the twenty sixth day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four; and whereas during
two years of that military service he was as-
signed to the command of brigades and divis-
ions, and performed the duties of brigadier
and major general, but received only the pay
of a colonel; and whereas the widow and chil-
dren of the said Colonel James A. Mulligan
are justly entitled to, and need for their sup-
port, the amount of pay which he would have
received if he bad been commissioned according
to his respective commands in the field: Now,
therefore, in consideration of the premises,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, directed to pay to
Marian Mulligan, widow of said Colonel James
A. Mulligan, the sum of five thousand dollars,
to be paid out of the money appropriated for
the pay of the Army.
Approved, July 3, 1868. .
Chap. CXX.—An Act for the Relief of Albert
Grant.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of ike United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is here-
by, appropriated, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of thirty thousand dollars to Albert Grant, in
full satisfaction of all demands against the
United States on account of the construction
of buildings numbered twenty-nine, thirty, and
thirty-one, at the Norfolk navy-yard, by Albert
Grant and H. A. Pierce, who were partners,
doing business under the name and style of A.
Grant and Company.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
Chap.CXXI.—An Act forthe Relief ofCaptatn
Charles N. Goulding, late Quartermaster of
Volunteers.
Beit enactedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized to allow and place to the credit of
Charles N. Goulding, late captain and assistant
quartermaster, in the final settlement of his
accounts assuch officer, such amounts and sums
as he shall satisfactorily prove to have been
captured, either in money or vouchers, by the
enemy, in the month of August, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, while on duty in the Army
of Virginia, under Major General John Pope:
Provided, That no greater amount for losses
shall so be passed to his credit then [than] the
balance now appearing against him on the
books of the Government.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
cllap.CXXII.—An Act to authorize the proper
Accounting Officers of the Treasury to settle
the Accounts of Andrew S. Core.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officersof the Treasury are hereby author-
ized and directed to settle and close the ac-
counts of Andrew S. Core, late collector of
internal revenue for the second district of Vir-
ginia, (now West Virginia,) upon principles of
justice and equity.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
Chap. CXXIfl.—An agt for the Relief of
Parker Quince.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States ofAmei ica in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized and
directed to allow the sum of sixteen hundred
and eight dollars and ninety-seven cents to
Parker Quince, in the settlement of his ac-
counts with the Government, for his salary as
collector ofcustoms for the port of Wilmington,
North Carolina, and acting collectorof internal
revenue from September thirteen,eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-five, to May fourteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, in addition to the sums
already paid him for salary for that period.
And the said sum of sixteen hundred and eight
dollars and ninety-seven cents is hereby ap-
propriated for that purpose out of any moneys
m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
Chap. CXXIV.*—An Act for the Relief of
Martha M. Jones, administratrix of Samuel
T. Jones.
Whereas the Commissioner of Patents did
on the twenty-third of February, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six, upon the petition of Martha
M. Jones, administratrix of the estate of Sam-
uel T. Jones, deceased, extend for the period
of seven years, from the twenty-fourth of Feb-
ruary aforesaid, the letters-patent of the United
States granted unto the said Samuel T. Jones
on the twenty-fourth day of Feb^usuy, eighteen
hundred and fitty-two, for an invention ill the
manufacture of the white oxide of zinc, for
which invention letters-patent had been granted
unto him by the Government of Great Britain,
dated the twenty-third day -of July, A. D.
eighteen hundred and fifty; and whereas doubts
exist as to the power of the said Commissioner
to grant the aaiti extension after the expiration
