1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
realize more fully the uncertainty of human
life and the emptiness of all human affairs
than in the case of him of whom we are now
speaking. Sir, :' what shadows we are and what
shadows we pursue!" We are here to-day
and to-morrow we are gone, never to return.
Our vacant places are soon filled by others
and the world sweeps on as before. But, sir,
as others have spoken more fully of his life
and character than ijpy short acquaintance
with the deceased would enable me to do, I
will not detain the House. I heartily second
the resolutions offered by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Newcomb.]
Mr. KNOTT. Mr. Speaker, although I had
Hot the pleasure of meeting the deceased as a
member of this House, I trust it may not be
considered inappropriate that I, a former citi-
zen ofthe glorious Commonwealth, and honored
in times gone by by the same noble constituency
who sent him here, should avail myself of this
melancholy occasion to pay my humble tribute
to his memory, though it should add but a
single leaf to the garland of admiration and
esteem which his former associates on this floor
would twine about his tomb. I arise, however,
to pronounce no encomium upon his genius, no
eulogy upon his character and ability as a states-
man and legislator, but to testify my highest
admiration of those private virtues which dis-
tinguished him through life and which lie at the
foundation of all public worth. I care not how
dazzling may be his intellectual endowments,
how versatile his genius, how profound and
comprehensive his acquirements, no man can
be a true representative of the popular inter-
ests in this or any other Government unless he
possess that stern, invulnerable, unbending
integrity of character, that high moral sensi-
bility, that deep abiding, conscientious love of
truth and right which, in spite of all the allure-
ments of ambition, of place, and of power, will
suffer no deviation from the strictest line of
rectitude, justice, and honor. These charac-
teristics Mr. Noell possessed in a preeminent
degree. He distinguished both his public and
private life, and in this regard his memory is
entitled to our profoundest respect, and his
example worthy of our constant emulation.
He is now gone from the sphere of usefulness
and labor, cut down in the flower and pride of
manhood, just as he had stepped upon the arena
of public life; and now, while we are paying our
last sad tribute to his memory, I trust that we
may remember that our tenure of existence is
as precarious as his was; that one swell in the
ocean of time and we may go down beneath
the wave which will obliterate the names we
have feebly traced on the sands which line the
shore, but that the influence of our transactions
here, like the circling waves which eddy around
the stone dropped in mid ocean, will continue
to widen and expand until it dies away upon
the far off shores of future generations; and
may we, under the influence of these salutary
reflections, learn to emulate the moderation, the
prudence, and the justice which distinguished
the deceased through life.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted;
and, then, in accordance with the concluding
resolution, the Speaker (at three o'clock and
forty minutes p. m.) declared the House ad-
journed.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By the SPEAKER : A memorial of James
E. Serrell, of New York, in relation to a new
East river and the filling up of Hurl Gate ; also,
the change in the location of the United States
navy-yard, New York.
By Mr. BECK : The petition of James
Wesley Johnson, praying that a pension be
allowed him as a sailor in the United States
service in the war of 1812.
By Mr. BOUTWELL : The petition of 2,500
citizens of Lowell, in reference to the rights
of American citizens abroad.
By Mr. COBB: The petition of James
Greenhalgh, of Wisconsin, for change in the
internal revenue.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: A memorial of Mrs.
Sarah Wilcox, praying for a pension for ser-
vices rendered as nurse during the late rebel-
lion.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of Julian
Hibbert, for pension.
By Mr. MAYNARD: A memorial of Port
Oak Council Union League, tenth civil dis-
trict, Sevier county, Tennessee, praying for the
confiscation of rebels' property to pay the war
debt and to reimburse the losses of loyal men.
By Mr. PERHAM: A memorial of Mrs. G.
W. P. Wood, for arrears of pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 23, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. G. Brooks, D. D., of
New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
enrolled bill signed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 213) to suspend fur-
ther reduction of the crfrrency, which was yes-
terday signed by the Speaker of the House of
Representatives. |
house bills referred. |
The following bills from the House of Rep- [
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Post !
Offices and Post Roads: \
A bill (H. R. No. 176) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide for carrying the mails
from the United States to.foreign ports, and
for other purposes,'' approved March 25, 1864:
A bill (H. R. No. 290) to establish and
declare the railroad and bridges of the New
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad
Company, as hereafter constructed, a post road
and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (H. It. No. 132) in regard
to the construction of section ten of the act
approved March 2, 1867, entitled "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1868, and for other purposes."
The bill (H. R. No. 274) providing for hold-
ing a circuit court at the city of Erie, Penn-
sylvania, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 48a) to aid the improve-
ment of the Des Moines and Rock Island
rapids, in the Mississippi river, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 868) authorizing the
sale of an unoccupied military site at VVater-
ford, Pennsylvania, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The bill (H. R. No. 602) to incorporate the
congregation ofthe First Presbyterian Church
of Washington, was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN. This bill, I understand, is
in the exact language of a bill that has already
passed the Senate, having been reported from
the committee. I prefer, therefore, that this
bill should remain on the table, so that it may
be called up without a reference.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The bill will
lie on the table, if no objection be made to that
disposition of it.
bridge at la crosse.
The bill (H. R. No. 90) to authorize ftie
Southern Minnesota Railroad Company to
construct and maintain a bridge across the
Mississippi river and establish a post route
was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads have fully considered
that whole subject and that particular bill;
and for the purpose of economizing time I
ask the Senate to act upon it now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have
some reports disposed of in the ordinary way
first.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think this bill can be
passed in two minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall have no objection
to it after the morning hour,
Mr. RAMSEY. To defer it till then will be
substantially the loss of the bill, for I shall not
be able to get it up after the morning hour;
other business will prevent.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
let it lie over till we get through the morning
business proper.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well; let it lie over
I until the morning business is through with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will lie over for the present,
i supplementary reconstruction bill.
I The bill (H. II. No. 430) additional and sup-
; plementary to an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the more efficient government of the
j rebel States," passed March 2, 1867, and the
acts supplementary thereto, was read the second
time by its title.
; Mr. DOOLITTLE. In moving the reference
! of this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary
I desire to say that I shall move to amend the
ordiuary motion of reference by adding certain
instructions which I shall send to the Chair.
Mr. WILSON rose.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not yield to the
Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin has the floor.
Air. WILSON. It is very strange that the
morning hour is occupied in this way all the
time.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, there is
more involved in this measure than in any
other, all others, perhaps. I see in it a com-
plete overthrow of the Constitution in ten
| States of the Union. I see in it a practical
i dissolution ofthe Union. I see a Republic in
form, at least, still remaining north ofthe Po-
tomac. I see an empire rising south of it. I
! see in it the realization of the wildest dream
I of Calhoun—a dual Executive—a President
to execute the laws in the Republic of the
North ; a military dictator, independent of the
President, to make as well as execute laws in
the negro empire of the South. My heart is
oppressed with a sorrow too deep for full utter-
ance ; and yet, with the indulgence of the Sen-
ate, I would make a last appeal to modify this
policy. I deem it a duty which I owe to the
country to do so now, before this bill goes to
the committee, for in that committee I have
no voice, and I know when its report is once
made, and they are fully committed to the
measure, it will be too late. I fear I am al-
ready powerless to influence the judgment of
the Senate. But as I love my country aud
her republican institutions, as, next to the
God of heaven, I have worshiped them from
my youth up, and as I verily believe, although
I pray Heaven I may be mistaken, they are now
the most imminent peril of utter destruction
if the bill shall become a law, I know that
Senators, if they do not agree with me, will
pardon me for giving expression to those earn-
est convictions which 1 could hardly repress
if I would.
As I can have no hope that Congress will
wholly abandon its reconstruction policy, for
the purpose of asking the Senate to consider
the question of modifying it so far as to limit
negro suffrage to certain classes I submit as
the basis of my remarks this morning the fol-
lowing motion, which I now send to the Chair
and request the Secretary to read.
The Secretary read as follows :
Benolvtd, That the.bill be referred to the Commit-
tee on tho Judiciary* and that the said committee be
instructed, in said bill, or in any other bill which may-
bo reported by them having reference to thequostion
