584
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[-Inly T,
40th Cose 2  Sess.
Laws of the United States.
of fourteen years from the date of the said
■foreign letters-patent: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled. That the extension of said
letters-patent of the United States fortheterm
of seven years from and after the expiratioft
of fourteen years from the date of said foreign
letters-patent be, and the, same is hereby, de-
clared to be valid arid binding, and the' power
of the said Commissioner to make the same is
in all respects confirmed, and the said letters-
patent of the United States are hereby declared
to be, and to have been, by force of the cer-
tificate of extension thereon indorsed, duly
extended for the period of seven years from
the twenty-third day of July, A. D. eighteen
hundred and sixty-four: Provided, That this
act shall not operateduring the period between
the date of the English patent and the date of
the original American patent.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
Chap. CXXV.—An Act for tlie Belief of Cap-
tain Dan Ellis.
Beit enacted by tlie Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is
hereby, appropriated, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of three thousand and sixty dollars to Captain
Dan Ellis, of Carter county, in the State of
Tennessee, in compensation for his services as
scout, pilot, arid recruiting jfgent, volunteered
in the cause of the Government, from eighteen
hundred and sixty-one to eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, during the late war.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
Chap. CXXVI.—An Act granting a Pension
to James S. Todd.
Be it enacted by tlie Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, _ That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisionsand limitations of the pension
laws, the name of James S. Todd, of North
Carolina, father of two sons who died in the
first regiment North Carolina volunteers, and
to allow and pay him a pension at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence from
the passage of this act, and to continue during
his natural life.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
Chap. CXXVII.—An Act granting a Pension
to the widow of Henry Kaneday.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the1 United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
la.ws, the name of Elizabeth Kaneday, the
widow of Henry Kaneday, late a private in
company I, fifteenth regiment Iowa infantry,
and to pay her a pension atr the i4te of eight
dollars per month, commending May fifih,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
Chap. CXXVIII.—An Aet.for the Relief of
Almira Wyeth.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of tki United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place the name of Almira Wyeth, widow of
James M. Wyeth, late a private in company I,
seventy-fifth regiment Illinois volunteers, on
the pension-roll, and allow and pay her a pen-
sion at the rate of eight dollars per month,
from the fifth day of March, eighteen hundred
and sixty-three, to continue during her widow-
hood.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
Chap. CXXIX.—An Act granting a Pension
to Rebecca Jane Kinsel.
Be it enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Arrrttica in
Congress asSi mbled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
place on thepension-rOlls, subject t<> the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Rebecca Jian"e Kinsel, the only child
under sixteen years of age of Er&stus Kinsel,
late a private in company A, one hundred and
twenty-fifth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers,
and to pay her a pension at the rate of eight
dollars per month, commencing April seventh,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and to con-
tinue unlil she attains theage of sixteen years.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
Chap. CXXX.-—An Act granting a Pension to
John Q. A. Keck', late a private in the Third
Missouri Cavalry.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House qf Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
the name of John Q. A. Keck, late a private in
the third Missouri cavalry, on the pension-rolls,
and to pay him a pension of fifteen dollars per
month, the same to commence on the nine-
teenth day of December, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, and to be subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws.
Approved, July 3, 1868.
Chap. CXXXII.—An Act for the Relief of the
Owners of the Land within the United States
Survey number three thousand two hundred
and seventeen, in the State of Missouri.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the United States do
hereby release, grant, relinquish, convey, and
confirm, in fee simple and in full property, to
the legal representatives of Ann 0. Camp and
Antoine Reilbe all of the right, title, and inter-
est of the United States in and to all of the land
within United Statessurvey numberthreethou-
sand two hundred and seventeen, in townships
forty-four and forty-five, north of the base line
in ranges six and seven east of the fifth prin-
cipal meridian line, in the State of Missouri,
being the same land that was surveyed by the
United States for Madame Camp and Antoine
Reilhe's representatives, containing two thou-
sand nine hundred and five arpens and fifty-six
perches and forty feet, which is equal to two
thousand four hundred and seventy one acres
and seventy-six hundredths of an acre: Pro-
vided, however, That nothing in this act shall
in any manner abridge, divest, impair, injure,
or prejudice any adverse right, title, or interest
of any person or persons in or to any portion
or part of the aforesaid land, which is released,
granted, relinquished,conveyed, and confirmed
by this act.
Approved, July 4, 1868.
Chap. CXXXIII.—An Act toconfirm the Title
of Ethan Ray Clarke and Samuel Ward
Clarke to certain Lands in the State of
Florida, claimed under a grant from the
Spanish Government.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives if the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the title of Ethan
Ray Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke to a tract
of land five miles square on Black creek, south
of Saint Mary's river, in the State of Florida,
and bounded as follows : upon one side by the
Saint Mary's river and npon the other side by
vacant lands, being the same lands to which an
exclusive right to take the timber was granted
by the Spanish Government to John Under-
wood, and upon which he erected a saw-mill in
eighteen hundred and five, and which was kept
up and-continued for many years, be, and the
same is hereby, confirmed: Provided., however,
That nothing herein contained shall operate to
-the prejudice of any claimwhieh may be set np
to said land by reason of any previous sale
thereof; nor shall this'act in ahy-way prejudice
any claimant under the said John Underwood,
or any person deriving title or claim thereto
under said Un'derw'odd j his heirs or assigns,
or of any person or persons who'may be enti-
tled to preemption rights under existing laws
of the United State's. ' , '
Approved, July 4, 1868.
Chap. CXXXVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
William B. Toot.
Beit enacted by the Seriute and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there bt; refunded to
William B. Todd, of the city of Washington,
out of any money in the IWsury <3f the United
States not otherwise appropriated, the sntti of
three hundred and nineteen dollars, it being
for so much mone'ypaid by the said William B.
Todd to the United States on the twenty-seventh
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, for
certain land in the city of Washington, being
the south half of lot number fifteen, in square
number six hundred and thirty six, whi6"hhad
been before sold and the' United States paid
therefor. ' ' <
Approves, July 7, 1868.
Chap._ CXLIII.—An Act to provide for certain
Claims against the Department of Agricul-
ture.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentative** of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the. proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be authorized to
audit the claims included in the schedule fol-
lowing, to wit: W. L. Ellison, one dollar and
fifty cents; C. C. Anderson, seven dollars and
fifty cents ; M. W. Beverage, one hundred and
fifty dollars ; W. O. Berry, six dollarsand forty-
seven .cents ; J. H. Bourne, thirty-five dollars ;
John Bell, twenty two dollars; C. J. Brewer,
eighty-five dollars; E. Baker, seven dollars;
T. L. Boggess, four dollars and fifty cents; J.
A. Blake, tour dollars ; ^Baltimore Journal of
Commerce and Price Current, fifteen dollars ;
George Brown, one dollar and thirteen cents ;
L. C. Campbell, two hundred and fifty dollars
and sixty-nine cents; G. B. Carrow, eighty-
five dollars : Cruit and Campbell, twenty dol-
lars ; Carter, Yates, and Wiswell, sixty-three
dollars and twenty-five cents ; F. W. Christerri,
two dollars; H. L. Chapin, six dollars and
fifty cents; Craigen and Clever, five dollars;
Collins, Alderson and Company, eleven thou-
sand seven hundred and thirty-three dollars
and eleven cents; William B. Dana, five dol-
lars ; R. P. Eaton and Company, one dollar
and fifty cents: Espey and Burdoff, sixty-two
dollars ; Samuel S. EV)sk, two dollars ; Fisher
and Schaeffer, ten dollars and ninety cents ;
Nathaniel B. Fugitt, three hundred and sixty-
four dollars and forty-one cents ; Fowler and
Company, one hundred and fiftv-three dollars
and twenty-dine cents ; Z. D. G'ilman. twenty-
two dollars; William _ Hacker, six thousand
seven hundred and ninety-nine dollars aud
forty cents ; Hovey and Company, eightv-three
cents ; International Exchange, (J. Mudie,
agent,) two dollars; Irving anft Wilky, three
hundred and ninety-seven dollars and thirty -
five cents ; Journal of Commerce, seventeen
dollars ; A. J. Joice and Company, forty-eight
dollars and thirteen cents; Aug. Jordan,twenty-
five dollars; J. Knox, fifteen dollarsand fifty
cants; J. M. Kuester, two dollars; J. F. Luhme
and Company, three hundred and ninety-one
dollars and five cents ; Linton and Company,
forty-five dollars ; A. M. Lawza, six dollars in
gold ; D. T. Moore, tnree dollars; Pascal Mor-
ris, thirteen thousand two hundred and twenty-
three dollars and sixty-six cents ; J. Markriter,
ten dollars; W. B. Moses,.three hundred and
