1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
Mr. POMEROY. That was not the motion
of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. STEWART. Yes, that is it.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The motion was to con-
tinue the consideration of the motion to refer.
Mr. POMEROY. If that is the motion of
the Senator from Nevada I have no objection
to the motion being put. I want to say, how-
ever, to my friend from Indiana that I did sus-
tain the Senator from Nevada the other day
in proceeding with his remarks after the morn-
ing hour, but that Senator did not desire to
speak until we had concluded the morning
business. Our petitions, memorials, reports
from committees, and bills had all been pre-
sented before the Senator from Nevada tried to
occupy the floor. I sustained him in that effort,
but 1 cannot sustain the Senator from Wis-
consin<
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have understood that
the question relative to the Senator-elect from
the State of Maryland was a question of privi-
lege. It has been so treated, at any rate, so
long as it has been pending before the Senate.
I am not very familiar with parliamentary
rules ; but it seems to me that it is an unusual
proceeding, where a question of privilege is
pending before the Senate, to make a motion
to postpone that question for the purpose of
proceeding with the ordinary business of the
Senate. If a motion of that kind can be en-
tertained and can prevail it is idle to talk
about a question of privilege, for any motion
to postpone a question of privilege and take
up the ordinary business of the Senate over-
rides the question of privilege. I doubt very
much whether, under the rules, this motion
can be entertained; but, if I am wrong in this,
it seems to me to be so unusual and so unpre-
cedented that the Senate ought not to sustain
this motion, and it is due to the Senator-elect
and due to the State of Maryland that the ques-
tion should be determined. If Mr. Thomas is
such a monster of iniquity, if he is the embod-
iment of the rebellion, as the Senator from
Vermont would imply, then it is due to the
State of Maryland that his application should
be rejected, and that State enabled to choose
another man to fill his place. I say there is
something due to the State in this respect as
well as to the individual involved, and as the
Senator from Wisconsin does not desire to
continue his remat-ks now, and is willing that
the question of privilege which was pending
yesterday shall be proceeded with,at this time,
it seems to me to be a very extraordinary thing
for the Senate now to compel him to go on
when he proposes to give way for this question
of privilege.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ne-
vada, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call, and con-
cluded the call of the roll.
Mr. THAYER. I had intended to vote
"yea," prompted by courtesy to the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin; but as he has voted
"nay" himself it somewhat embarrasses me.
I, however, voted "yea." [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS, (who had voted in the nega-
tive.) I cast my vote from personal consider-
ations mainly to the honorable Senator from
Maryland. I do not iutend to explain further,
but I prefer as a general rule to go with my
friends, and I ask now to vote with them in the
affirmative.
The result was announced—yeas 30, nayg
17; as follows:
yBAS-rrMessrs. Anthony, Cameron, Cattell, Chan-
dler, Cole, Conkl'mg, Conness, Drake, Edmunds,
Ferry, Frelinghuysen, Grimes. Henderson, llownrd,
Howe, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Ramsey, Ross.ShermaD.SpraKue,
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer, Trumbull, .Wade, and Wil-
son—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buekalew, Cragin, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenderi, -Hendricks, Johnson,
Norton, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Tipton,
Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, and Yates—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Corbett, Fowler, Guthrie, Har-
lan, Patterson of New Hampshire, and Saulsbury—6.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor
and will proceed..
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator I desire to present a report from a
committee of conference.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I give way for that
purpose.
COTTON TAX.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
vote? of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 207) to
provide for the exemption of cotton from internal
tax. having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendment to
the bill of the House, and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follows:
Add to the bill the following words: "and cotton
imported from foreign countries on and after July 1,
1868, shall be exempt from duty;" and the House
agree to the same. JOHN SHERMAN,
J. S. MORRILL.
T. A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
R. C. SCHENCK,
J. B. BECK,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
: PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY. With the leave of the
Senator from Wisconsin, I wish to present a
petition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. After the courtesy ex-
tended to me by the Senate, I suppose I am
bound to yield to these little matters of morn-
ing business, if they will not lead to discussion.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
William Fitch, attorney for the trustees of the
Barry estate, praying compensation for wood
taken by the Government from the Barry farm,
near St. Elizabeth asylum, in the District of
I; Columbia; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of Charles
H. Bell, rear admiral United States Navy,
; commandant of the navy-yard at New York,
praying that a pension be granted to Caroline
and Margaret Swartwout, sisteTsof Commander
Swartwout, United States Navy, \vho died in
February, 1867; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of George M.
Colvocoresses, captain in the United States
i Navy, praying to be restored to the active list;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affair's.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and accompanying
papers of Robert P. Parrott, on files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 186) providing for the sale of
iron-clads, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 162) for the relief of the heirs
of Simeon Castro and their assigns, reported
adversely thereon, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a peti-
tion of citizens of Oregon praying compensa-
tion to Jacob Leabo for services rendered as
one of the express guard to accompany Jacob
Meek across the Plains in 1848, and for prop-
erty lost on the Plains, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
! referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
INSTRUCTIONS TO GENERALS POPE AND MEADE.
! Mr. HOWARD submitted the following res-
! olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to : \
Resolved, That the President be 'respectfully re-
quested to communicate to the Senate any and all
instructions given to General Pope on his being as-
signed to the command of the fourth military district
under the reconstruction acts or at any time while in
command thereof; also any and all instructions given
to General Meade on his being assigned to the same
command; also, copies of any and all minutes of the
discussions, opinions, and votes in Cabinet meetings
respecting the construction of said acts.
Mr. BUCKALE W subsequently said: Before
the Senator from Wisconsin goes On I should
like to enter a motion to reconsider the res-
j olution offered by the Senator from Michigan.
I I move to reconsider that vote.
I The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves that the vote
"by which the resolution of the Senator from
1 Michigan was passed be reconsidered,
i Mr. BUCK ALE W. I will simply state that
the vote was taken before I was aware of it,
and I desire to speak upon one clause of that
resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Just enter the motion, and
let it lie over.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it had better be
considered now.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am ready to go on
now or hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
proceeded with by common consent. The
' Chair understands there is objection. The
motion to reconsider will be entered for con-
i sideration hereafter.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 277) amendatory of the homestead act,
and for other purposes ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, andbyunanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
278) to provide for the appointment of a mar-
shal for the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 279) for the relief of Henry Otis; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
INTERNATIONAL MONETARY CONFERENCE.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion for printing additional copies of the Pres-
ident's message relating to the international
monetary conference, and I move its reference
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That two thousand additional copies of
the President's message of the 17th of December, 1867,
and of the accompanying papers relating to the in-
ternational monetary conference held at Paris in June
and July last, be printed for the use of the-Depart-
ment of State.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson', its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 127) in re-
lation to additional bounty, with amendments,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 511) author-
izing the Secretary of the Interior to cause the
lands known as the Miami Indian reservation,
in the State of Indiana, to be patented, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled joint resolution (S. R. No. 75) limit-
ing contracts for stationery and other supplies
in the Executive Departments to one year.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Maine,
the message of the Hoase of Representatives,
communicating its action upon the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
320) making appropriations to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the execution of
the reconstruction laws and for the service of
the quartermaster's department of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 80,
