704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 23,
1868, and for other purposes, was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 439'! additional and supplement-
ary to an act entitled "An act to provide for
the more efficient government ot the rebel
States," passed March '2, 1807, and the acts
supplementary thereto, is now before the Sen-
ate; and the question is on the motion of the
Senator from Wisconsin to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary with the instructions
proposed by him. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I regret
myself that the case which was pending yester-
day was not disposed of either yesterday or this
morning before we proceeded with the further
discussion of the question on which I am enti-
tled to the floor. I suppose that the case of
Mr. Thomas, which was under discussion yes-
terday, could probably "be disposed of in an
hour; but the Senate have thought proper to
determine that the discussion of this other
question shall proceed. I shall, therefore,
finish the remarks which I rose to make, and
which probably would have been finished long
ago but for the interruptions that have occurred.
I shall not take any exception to the course
pursued by any Senator in relation to this mat-
ter. I am bound to believe that it is out of
courtesy to me that they have determined that
I shall finish my speech on the present occa-
sion. I voted against the courtesy myself,
because I did not quite "see it.'' • [Laughter.]
I thought the proper disposition of business
.before the Senate was first to dispose of the
-case of Mr. Thomas, and then go into the gen-
■eral disenssion of this question; but I was per-
fectly willing myself to wait until after that
case was disposed of, and then resume my
argument; bat the Senate have determined
otherwise.
Mr. President, Congress has proposed from
time to time many schemes, but theymay all be
resolved into two distinct policies, radically
opposed to each other.
First. Reconstruction by the constitutional
amendment on the white basis.
Second. Reconstruction by negro suffrage
and military force.
The first assumed that peace had come-,
that the States were in the Union, with gov-
ernments organized, with Legislatures having
power to ratify or to reject constitutional amend-
ments ; and, furthermore, that those govern-
ments were in the hands of white men, with
power, as in all the other States, to admit or to
exclude negroes from suffrage. And, in case
the amendment were adopted by three fourths
of the States, the only effect of.admitting or
excluding negroes from the ballot, in any
State, would be to change its number of votes
in the other House of Congress, and in the
Electoral College. "
The second assumes that we are still at war;
that the southern States are not States in the
Union at all, but conquered provinces, with no
Legislatures which can either ratify or reject a
constitutional amendment; that the white peo-
ple of these States shall no longer have any
power over the question of suffrage; that Con-
gress by the bayonet will disfranchise the whites
and enfranchise the blacks ; and thus by mili-
tary power and negro votes compel the adoption
of a new Union and a new Constitution. Be-
cause they rejected the constitutional amend-
ment Congress bow resorts to the bayonet and
negro suffrage to compel its adoption.
True, I admit they did reject the amendment.
But how did they reject it? By the votes of
their Legislatures. They could reject it in no
other way, for it was only to their Legislatures
that Congress submitted the question. Bui how
could their Legislatures reject it if they had no
Legislatures at all ? If they had Legislatures
which could reject it they had Legislatures
which could ratify it. To do either is the highest
act of a State Legislature, for it then acts upon
the fundamental law not only of its own State
and people, but of all the States and all the peo-
ple of the United States. Conceding they had
power, as you claim, to reject your amendment,
by what shadow of right do you deny to those
Legislatures power to choose Senators in this
body ? As well deny to a living body the right
to breathe.
But perhaps you say if they had ratified the
amendment, then they had Legislatures which
had the right to vote. But as they voted to
reject it they had no Legislatures, and no right
to vote. In other words, H- they voted with you
they had a right to vote; if they voted against
you they had no right to vote at all.
Again, sir; all the world knows the whole
object of the war was to put down the rebel-
lion and to maintain the union of States under
the Constitution. Every act and resolve of
Congress, every dollar spent, every blow struck,
every drop of blood shed, was to compel the
people and the States of the South to live in
the Union and obey the Constitution. And
now that we have succeeded, now that the
people and the States of the South have sur-
rendered to the Constitution and laws, you say
they shall not live in the Union under this
Constitution at all. They shall first form
another Union, and come into that Union
under another or an amended Constitution.
Mr. President, having thus shown that this
first answer to that question is unreasonable,
inconsistent, and .absurd, I repeat the question
a second time. "Why press this negro domi-
nation over the whites of the South? What
reason can you give?
A second answer is, because the negroes
were loyal and the whites disloyal. Let us
examine this bold assertion. Is it true? Were
the negroes loyal during the rebellion ? Recall
the facts. Who does not remember that at
least three fourths of all the negroes in those
States during the whole war did all in their
power to sustain the rebel cause? They fed
their armies; they dug their trenches; they
built their fortifications; they fed their women
and children. There were no insurrections,
no uprisings, no effort of any kind anywhere
outside the lines of our armies on the part of
the negroes to aid the Union cause. In whole
districts, in whole States even, where all the
able-bodied white men were conscripted Into
the rebel army, the great mass of negroes, of
whose loyalty you boast, under the control of
women, decrepid old men and boys, did all
they were capable of doing to aid the rebellion.
Again, sir, the assumption is equally ground-
less that the whole of the wliite popula-
tion, or a majority even, ever voluntarily en-
gaged in the rebellion. It is true, the great
majority in the end were compelled to ac-
quiesce ; but it was not until after the Federal
Government, speaking through President Bu-
chanan, had abandoned the loyal people of the
South and declared that neither the President
nor Congress had the power to, make war to
compel the States to remain in the Union ; in
a word, it was not until after President Bu-
chanan, in his message of December, I860,
declared that this Government.had neither the
right nor the power to defend itself from over-
throw «tt the hands of the radicals of the South
that a majority of the southern people were
disposed to consent to secession, nor did they
even then acquiesce in rebellion until hostili-
ties, actually begun, had organized an irresist-
ible .military power over them. Then the
majority were compelled to succumb.
• It should not be forgotten that allegiance on
the part of the citizen and protection on the
part of the Government are correlative duties.
Has a Government the right to demand the one
if it do not afford the other ? Has it the right
to punish the citizen for yielding to a superior
force against which it makes no attempt to
protect him? Such a claim would be mon-
strously unjust.
We know very well that the radicals of the
South had a powerful organization. They were
as bold, as earnest, as reckless of consequences
and as restive under constitutional restraints as
the boldest of the present radicals of the North.
Mr. NYE. With the permission of the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin, I should like
to know what he means by " the radicals of the
South ?''
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I mean the secession-
ists.
Mr. NYE. Ah!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will not leave you to
misunderstand, sir, to whom I refer.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the
Senator what is his authority for the expres-
sion ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As I perceive that my
honorable friend from Massachusetts proposes
to enter upon this discussion, I trust he will
allow me to finish what I have to say, and then
he will have ample opportunity to be heard. I
shall refer to several things before I get through
that will perhaps attract his attention.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen
ator from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor,
and cannot be interrupted without his consent.
Mr. YATES. 1 should like the Senator to
answer me as a question of fact 
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin give way ?
Mr. YATES. Does the Senator wish to be
understood as saying that the negroes of the
South favored the rebel cause?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I said they did all they
were capable of doing in the ways I stated^—
feeding their armies, digging their trenches,
and some of them went into the armies, and
soKte of them drove their teams.
Mr. YATES, Does the Senator mean >■
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I prefer to go on and
finish.
Mr. YATES. I simply wish to understand
the Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I presume I shall be
fully understood by the honorable Senator. I
do not mean to keep anything back.
Mr. YATES. I want to know if you charge
them with the intention of favoring the rebel
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin cannot be interrupted
without his consent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was speaking of the
radicals of the South and the extremest radi-
cals of the North, and I say they are similar in
all the main elements of character, cherishing
even to fanaticism opposite 'extremes of opin-
ion, equally removed from the truth. Had
they exchanged places and educations, in all
human probability the radical of the North
would have been a most violent radical at the
South, and the radical of the South an equally
violent radical at the North.
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of the
Senator from Wisconsin, I should like to ask
him one question. I do not often interrupt.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will yield to the Sen-
ator, if it is for a question bearing on my argu-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. I want to ask the Senator
if the men whom he calls the - radicals of the
South, who he says are secessionists, are not
now acting with the Democratic party ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is not to the point
I am considering, and these interruptions are
evidently out of order. I do not wish to be
discourteous to any gentleman ; I .do not intend
to be discourteous to any ; and I hope that no
gentleman will deem that I am wanting in
courtesy if I decline to be interrupted for such
questions as these. I do not know but that
perhaps the Senator from Illinois will take
offense at my refusing to yield to him, .and then
yielding to the Senator from Indiana. I did
not intend to make any distinction between the
gentlemen. I did hear the question of the
Senator from Illinois, and also the question of
the Senator from Indiana. I hope there will
be no further interruptions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is un-
derstood that the Senator from Wisconsin does
not wish to be interrupted, and the Chair hopes
he will not be.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, it is a
striking fact, showing how easily extremes aotne-
