1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong.;..2d Sess.
in damages any person who may have manu-
factured or used the said improved compound
anchor between the expiration of the said
patent and the approval of this act.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CXCVI,—An Act for the Relief of
Robert Ford.
Be it enacted by the Senate andHouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That there be, and is
hereby, appropriated, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, thesum of
eight hundred and fourteen dollars, to Robert
Ford, in full payment for his time and services
as a teamster in the quartermaster's depart-
ment of the Army from May first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, to August first, eight-
een hundred and sixty-four.
Apx'uovbd, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CXCVIT.—An Act granting a Pension
to the children of William M. Wooten, de-
ceased.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the names of Alfred C. Wooten, Susan
M. T. Wooten, Jesse Wooten, and Rosalia M.
Wooten, children under sixteen years of age of
William M. Wooten, deceased, late a private in
Daviess county company of home guards, Ken-
tucky militia, and to pay to them, or to their
legally appointed guardian or guardians, a pen-
sion to commence on the eleventh day of
August, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and
to continue until they severally attain the age
of sixteen years.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CXCVIII.—An Actgrantiog a Pension
to John Sheets.
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of John Sheets, late a private
in company F, twelfth regiment West Vir-
ginia'volunteers, and to pay him a pension at
the rate of fifteen dollars per month, to com-
mence on the fourteenth day of March, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CXC1X.—An Act to authorize the Sale
of twenty acres of Land in the Military
Reservation at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas.
Whereas the Secretary of War, in behalf of
the United States and in accordance with the
previous practice of the War Department, on
the thirteenth day of November, in the year
eighteen hundred and sixty, did execute to
Samuel Denrnan, William H. Russell, and
Thomas E wing, junior, and their assigns, a lease
of twenty acres of land in the military reserve
* at Fort Leavenworth, State of Kansas, for the
term of sixteen years thereafter', with a prefer-
ence to them of an extension of the term, and
with the exclusive right to mine for coal tinder
the lands of said military reserve; and whereas
the said lessees and their assigns accepted the
said lease, and upon the faith thereof have
prosecuted their mining operations under many
difficulties at great expense, and have finally
succeeded in strikingthe deep coal beds of that
geological region after having expended their
entire capital to the amount of forty thousand
dollars ; and -whereas it isnow discovered that
the said tease-is invalid because the Secretary
of War-was unauthorized' in law to make the
safne, by reason of which, the said lessees are
deprived of their right to proceed, and are
threatened with the total loss of their money,
and are without redress; and whereas in view
of the incalculable benefit to be derived, not
aione by the State of Kansas, but by the whole
country adjacent thereto, by the development
of the coal strata of the region, the senate and
house of representatives ofthe State of Kansas,
on the eighteenth day of February, eighteen
hundred and sixty-eight, did concur in a joint
resolution reciting the above, and respectfully
requesting this Congress to act in the prem-
ises ; and whereas the House of Representatives
of the United States have heretofore passed an
act directing the sale in small tracts of a body
of land in said military reserve: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Leavenworth
Coal Company, being the successors and assigns
of Samuel Denman, William H. Russell, and
Thomas Ewing, junior, in the lease aforesaid,
shall have the rightto purchase from the United
States twenty acres of land lying in the military
reserve at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and de-
scribed as follows : beginning at the intersec-
tion of the south line of the military reserve
and the Missouri river, running northwardly
thence along the west line of the said Missouri
river, thence westwardly in a line parallel to
the south line of the military reserve, thence
southwardly in a line at right angles with the
south line of the military reserve, thenoe east-
wardly in the said south line of the military
reserve to the point of beginniug, the said lines
to be run so as to make the form of the said
twenty acres as nearly square as practicable.
The said Leavenworth Coal Company shall pay
therefor the sum fixed by the United States
district judges of the State of Kansas, the cast
ern district of Missouri, and of the northern
district of Illinois, whose reasonable expenses
shall be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated ; and said lease is
hereby extended sixteen years from the passage
of this act.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That upon
the payment of the purchase-money for the
same, the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
directed to issue to the said Leavenworth Coal
Company and its successors and assigns a
patent for the above-desuribed lands, which
patent shall also grant to the said company and
its successors and assigns, the exclusive right
to mine for all coal underlying the lands now
somprised in the military reserve aforesaid.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CC.-—An Act granting a Pension to the
widow and children of George R. Waters.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United states of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the names of Mary Wraters, the
widow, and the three children under sixteen
years of age, of George R. Waters, late a mem-
ber of the fifteenth regiment New York vol-
unteers, commencing November seventeenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, July 20. 1868.
Chap. CCI.—An Act granting a Pension to
Thomas Connolly.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion la«s, the name of Thomas Connolly, iate
a member of eompany A,-sixty-ninth New
York volunteers.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. COII.—An Act for the Relief of Wait
Talcott.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Botise of Rep-
resentatives of the United, States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to credit to Wait Talcott (as of the
eighteenth February, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five,) internal revenue collector for the
second district of Illinois, the sum of five hun-
dred and fifty-six dollars and ninety-three cents
in consideration of the loss of that sum by
the robbery of his deputy, Captain Richard A.
Smith.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CCIII.—An Act granting a Pension to
Henry H. Hunter.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Her.ry H. Hunter, a
resident of Knox county, Kentucky, and who
was wounded while serving with the first regi-
ment of Kentucky volunteer cavalry, com-
mencing October seventh, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one.
Approved, July 20, 18C8.
Chap. CCIV.—An Act granting a Pension to
the widow and children of Myron Wilklow.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to,place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the names of Sarah A. Wilklow,
the widow, and Elmira, Emma, and Mary
Wilklow, children under sixteen years of age
of Myron Wilklow, late a member of company
B, forty-seventh Ohio volunteers, commencing
June second, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CCY.—An Act granting a Pension to
the children of Charles Gouler.
Be it enactedbythc Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives ofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions aud limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the names of Willie, Ellen, and
Tellis Gouler, children under sixteen years of
age of Charles Gouler, late a private in com-
pany " F," ninth New Hampshire volunteers,
commencing April eighteenth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-six.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That an
act approved April eighteen, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, entitled ''An act granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Etnerance Gouler," and an act
approved July thirteen, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, entitled " An act amendatory of an
act entitled 'An act granting a pension to Mrs.
Emeranee Gouler,'" are hereby repealed.
Approved. July 20, 1868.
Chap. CCVI.—An Act granting a Pension to
the children of James Heatherly.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House ofRep-
resentatives ofthe United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pensiOn-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the names of Joseph, Sarah, Laorni,
Francis, and James Heatherly, the children
under sixteen years of age of James Heatherly,
late of company B, eleventh West Virginia vol-
unteers, commencing January twenty-fourth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Approved,-July 20, 1868.
