1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
times meet, that the radical cry of the secession-
ists of 18u0 is identical with that of the north-
ern radical of to-day, namely, ''The Union is
broken; the constitution in all tlie States of
the South i? gone. Down with the old Union,
down with the old Constitution; we are outside
the Union and outside the Constitution; we
will have a new Union and a new Constitution
to suit ourselves or we will have none at all."
The cry was the same, the purpose the same—
political power. The radicals of the South
raised that cry to build up their powur upon
negro slavery; the radicals of the North to
build up their power upon negro supremacy,
upheld by the bayonet.
And, sir, shall we make no allowance for the
great mass of the southern people who, by force,
By terror, by persuasion, by the abandonment
ot the Government, and by all the excitements,
passions, and necessities of actual war, were
plunged into that terrible conflict by the rad-
icals of the South as by a power they could
not control? \\ e all know the influence over
any party or community of a small, well organ-
ized minority, strong in will and reckless of
consequences. \\ hat have we seen in the lie-
publican party itself within the last three years?
We have seen a comparatively small number
of earnest radicals reverse and absolutely over-
turn from its foundations the policy of recon-
struction adopted by Mr. Lincoln before his
reelection, and sustained by the convention
which renominated him and the party which
reelected him in 1864. Ilis policy was recon-
struction upon the white basis. The negro was
excluded altogether.
Even the Wade and Davis reconstruction bill,
which passed Congress by Republican votes,
and which Mr. Lincoln refused to sanction, but
not for that reason, confined reconstruction to
tha white basis alone. It excluded all negro
suffrage, it left that question, where it belongs,
to the white race to determine in each State tor
themselves.
Upon this subject I quote and adopt the lan-
guage of the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Moa-
toxJ while Governor of that State:
_ " I call your attention to the fact that Congress
itself, when it assuui d to take tho whole question
of reconstruction out of the hands of the President,
expressly excluded the negro from the right of suf-
frage in voting for the men who were to frame the
new constitutions for the rebel States."
******** * e «
"If Mr. Lincoln had not refused to sign that bill
there would to-day be an net of Congress on the stat-
ute-boo]^ absolutely prohibiting negroes from any
participation in the work of reorganization, and
pledging the Government inadvance to acceptof the
constitutions that might bo formed under the bill,
although they made no provision for the negro be-
yond tao fact of his personal liberty."
I repeat, we have seeu a little handful of
Radicals, by their boldness, persistency, and
force, persuade, cajole, or drive the great ma-
jority of the Republican party away from their
own avowed policy of reconstruction upon the |
white basis, and compel thetn to adopt the pol-
icy of universal negro suffrage, to establish ne-
gro governments, and now, at last to propose
in the bill on your table an absolute military
dictatorship in all the States of the South. 1
shall say nothing unkind of the Senator from '
Indiana; I admit his patriotism and eminent
abilities and his almost incomparable services
during the late war to put down the rebellion.
But if anything were wanting to demonstrate
the power which these Radicals have had over
the mass ot the Republican party in changing
their opinions and reversing their policy, we
have only to point to the able Senator from
Indiana himself, once among the most power- j
ful advocates ol the Lincoln Johnson policy of
restoration upon the white basis, now bound
hand and foot, and dragged in chains at the
victorious chariot wheels, to grace the triumph
of \\ endell Phillips and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumnek.] Even his great ;
mind now lends its powerful influence to favor
the establishment of governments based upon
universal negro suffrage, to hold, it may be, the
balance of power in this Republic under the
control of the bayonets of the regular Army.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 45.
I well remember the effect produced by the
speech of the Governor of Indiana in 1865.
It came at a time to be most gratefully remem-
i bered by me, for I was engaged in a struggle
at that time against the Radicals in my own
State, to prevent them f rom changing the creed
and reversing the policy upon which the Union
party fought and mastered the rebellion, and
by which alone their victory was achieved. I
endeavored to demonstrate the same truths set
forth in that great speech, and when it came,
with its irresistible eloquence and unanswer-
able force of argument, I rejoiced to lean upon
his strong arm for support. Like him, I had
on more than one occasion attempted to prove
that Mr. Johnson inherited and was faithfully
carrying out the policy of his predecessor.
W e did not then have the positive testimony
of General Graut and of Mr. Stanton to prove
that Mr. Johnson's North Carolina proclama-
tion was drawn by Mr. Stanton and read over
in Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet. Had those facts
then appeared it might have saved that hon-
orable Senator and uiyself thelaborof proving
the identity of the policy of Mr. Johnson with
that of Mr. Lincoln, which the Governor of
Indiana demonstrated in a manner so com-
plete that no man has ever been able to answer
him. I do not doubt his patriotism nor his
sincerity. But of all surrenders to the rad-
ical negro-suffrage policy of reconstruction,
none filled me with so much surprise, none
gave me so much pain, as that of the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, except one. I
j refer to General Grant.
Again, sir. if it were true that the whites
1 were disloyal during the rebellion, they are not
; rebellious now. Rebellious cannot exist or
i continue without real or supposed cause. Sla-
very, the cause and the pretext for the late
rebellion, is gone forever. It can never be
1 revived. Nothing can incite another rebellion
at the oouth, for they have no power to organ-
ize one against the Government, and will not
have for many years to come.
Upon this point allow me to read an extract
from a letter of Hon. Benjamin Fitzpatrick,
formerly the Presiding Officer of this body, and
known by all the older Senators as being opposed
to secession, a gentleman of the highest honor
and undoubted integrity. Hear what he says:
" It is said by some that it was made to keep down
rebellion. What have the people of the South to vom-
mcncc or cany on a rebellion with ? Our laves nro
all set free; our fields barely eultivnted under the
new system of labor, and many of them grown up in
briars and weeds sincc emancipation, and almost
everything in a state of dilapidation and decay. Thu
cry lor bread which comes up trom almost eve y hill !
and valley in the State has scarcely ceased ringing
in our ears, and it was only hushed by tho liberal j
donations from tho benevolent of tho North and
West. No people of the Old World in any of their
long and desolating wars ever longed lor peac'i more
than we do. We want peace, but not degradation.
Wo wish to be left free to act tor ourselves, and free
from the intermeddling of those who do not livo
among us, but come here to foment discord and spec-
ulate upon our troubles."
Sir, this is the language of one who knows the
white people of the South and speaks for them.
And why, sir; why should they not desire
peace? For that rebellion, into which in an
evil hour the radicals of the South plunged
them, they have been punished already by the
sacrifice of all their slave property, valued at
three to four thousand million dollars ; by the
sacrifice of more than three-fourths of all other
personal property, probably two thousand mil-
lions more; by the sacrifice of their public
and private credits—at least a thousand mil-
lions more; by the depreciation of the value
of all their real estate at least seventy-five per
cent.—amounting probably to more than two
thousand million dollars more—making in ail
a sacrifice of property, credits, and values in
the southern States alone of at ieast nine thou-
sand million dollars.
But there is another bloody and terrible page
in this account—a page in account with death.
It is estimated there have perished in battle by
disease, exposure, or other cause incident to
the war, at least three hundred thousand able-
bodied white men of the South. I take no
account of the nnutterable anguish of millions
of crushed and bleeding hearts. No language
can express, no figures measure that. For
that rebellion the white man of the South has
been most terribly punished! Nine thousand
millions of values are gone—lost forever!
Ihree hundred thousand able-boilied white
men of the flower and strength of the South
now lie in their bloody or premature graves!
Great God! Is not this punishment enough?
Must we go further? Must we now punish
the white men of the South by placing thetn
under the domination of half-civilized Afri-
cans? Aud in order to do that shall we punish
ourselves by giving over to stolid and brutish
ignorance the political control of one fourth
of the States, and, it may be, under the con-
trol of the Army the balance of power in the
United States? Shall we Africanize the South
and Mexicanize the whole Republic?
I know these measures of Congress have
done much to wound, nothing to heal. Yet,
notwithstanding all that Congress has done to
embitter their hatred toward the radical policy,
there is neither thought nor wish nor hope to
restore slavery, nor to separate from the Union,
nor of rebellion against the authority of tha
Government; all evidence proves the contrary.
In the whole rebel army which surrendered
I challenge any Senator to point me to a single
instance in wliiili a rebel officer has violated
'his parole ; or to a single man, of any position
; orprominence at the South, who after taking
! the oath of allegiance has violated his plighted
| faith.
No man can more deeply feel than I do the
great and monstrous folly and crime of that
rebellion, which brought so much of agony and
of blood upon all parts of our beloved land,
which robbed us of our sons and dearest kin-
dred and threw a shade of sorrow over our hearts
which will never pass awav until they cease to
beat. But, now that blood has ceased to flow;
now that three years of peace have elapsed;
now that the whole South has surrendered and
every interest they have or can hope for is to
be found in the Union and under the Constitu-
tion ; now that they have in good faith pledged
anew their allegiance, and desire to.join with
us in rebuilding the waste places overrun by
this desolating war; now that they have, in
fact, ceased to be rebels, why shall we con-
tinue to denounce them as rebels, aud do all in
our power to compel them to be rebels, and
to remain rebels and enemies forever? Is that
the way to restore prosperity? Is that the
course of wise statesmanship? Will that bring
permanent peace?
Sir, let me put the extremest case. Sup-
pose that these States of the South lvefore
the war had been foreign States, and that we
had conquered them by arms ; would not wise
statesmen adopt the policy of conciliation?
Would not they treat them as friends and
make them fellow-citizens at the earliest possi-
ble moment? How much moreearnestly should
we adopt that policy because from the begin-
ning we have always declared that our pur-
pose was not to subjugate but to maintain the
Union with the equality and rights of the States
unimpaired.
We hud a war with Mexico, resulting in the
acquisition of people and territory. By treaty
the people were made citizens, at once, with
all the rights of citizens. We have had wars
with Englishmen; but wl^n the bloody strife was
over, when peace had come, what course did our
great ancestors pursue? We all know the war of
the Revolution was a civil war. During the
strife, confiscation and disfranchisement were
the order of the day. But when peace came and
they sought to lay the foundations of the Repub-
lic broad and deep, what did they do? Do yoa
find in the Constitution they formed or the
laws they passed under it any test-oaths; any
bills of attainder; any military reconstruction
bills? No, sir. No; they were too great a-/l
too wise. They had too much faith in tn;tu,
and liberty, and truth, and God for that. Va
the contrary, they declared that no bills of at-
