1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2d Sess.
six, to the eighth day of April, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-seven. t
Approved, Jaly 20, 1868.
Chap. CCXXI.—An Act granting a Pension
to the widow and children of Andrew Hoi-
man.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and di-
rected to place on the pension-rolls, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the names of'Kezia Holman, the widow,
and the three children under sixteen years of
age, of Andrew Holman, late a private in
company " G,'*" twenty-ninth regiment of Ohio
volunteer infantry, commencing March twenty-
sixth. eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, July 20, 1868.
Chap. CCXXIL—An Act granting a Pension
to John D. Lay.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be-, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of John D. Lav, a citizen
of Daviess county, Missouri, and to pay him a
pension at the rate of eight dollars per month
until June six, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, and thereafter at the rate of fifteen dollars
per month, commencing on the first day of
January, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Approved, July 20, 1808.
Chap. CCXXIII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to the widow and child of Cornelius L.
Rice.
Beit enacted by the Sen ate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place oh the pension-rolls, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the names of Elizabeth Rice, the widow,
and William T. S. Rice, the child under six-
teen years of age, of Cornelius L. Rice, late a
memberof company " B," ninety-first regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers, commencing Decem-
ber fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Approved, July 20, 18G8.
Chap. CCXXIV.—An Act for the Relief of
Edward B. Allen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assemb'ed, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the Array be, and he is hereby, directed
to pay to Edward B. Allen, of the State of
Indiana, out of any money appropriated for
the pay of the Army, the full amount 6f the
pay and emoluments of a captain of infantry
from the eighteenth day of August, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, to the first day of No-
vember, eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Appkoved, July 20, 1868.
Ciiap. CCXXV.—An Act for the Relief of L.
Merchant aud Company and' Peter Rose-
crantz.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives qf the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury is hereby authorized and directed to
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Leander Merchant,
of the firm of L. Merchant and Company, the
sum of one hundred and nine thousand four
hundred and twelve dollars and eighty-one
cents, the proceeds of six hundred and eighty-
four bales of cotton, the private property of said
firm, taken erroneously and without due au-
thority by the'agents of the United States civil
and military authorities at Mobile, Alabama,
in the month of April, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, shipped to New York, sold by the
United States, and the proceeds thereof paid
into the Treasury, the charges and expenses
of the United States having been deducted
therefrom ; and to Peter Rosecrantz the sum
of thirty-nine thousand two hundred and fifty-
three dollars and ten cents, the proceeds of
two hundred and forty-one bales of cotton, the
private property of said Rosecrantz, taken,
sold, and appropriated at the same time and
place, and in the same manner, the charges
and expenses of the United States having like-
wise been deducted therefrom.
Appkoved, July 22, 1868.
Chap. CCXXXI —An Actgranting an increase
of Pension to Frances T. Richardson, widow
of the late Major General Israel B. Richard-
son.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll the natre
of Prances T. Richardson, widow of the late
Major General Israel B. Richardson, for pen-
sion at the rate of fifty dollars per month from
the third day of November, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, on which day General Richard-
son died from wounds received in the battle of
Antietam on the seventeenth day of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, said pen-
sion to be continued during her widowhood,
and if that should terminate, then to be con-
tinued to Israel Philip Richardson, sole sur-
viving child of said General Richardson, until
he shall become sixteen years old.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
pension heretofore allowed to said Frances T.
Richardson,under general law, he discontinued,
but the sum received by her under the same
shall be deducted from the pension hereby
granted, and this pension shall be subject to
the provisions of the general pension law.
Approved, July 23, 1868.
Chap. CCXXXI I.—An Act granting a Pension
to Martha Ann Wallace.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll the name
of Martha Ann Wallace, widow of the late
Brigadier General W. H. L. Wallace, for pen-
sion at the rate of fifty dollars per month, from
the tenth day of April, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the
pension heretofore allowed said Martha A.
Wallace under general law be discontinued.
Approved, July 23, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXVII.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to "Violet Henry.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized aud
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Violet Henry, the widow of
Sherrood Henry, late a private in company
D, sixteenth regiments United States colored
troops, and to pay her a pension at the rate
of eight dollars per month, commencing July
seventeenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
and also to pay her the sum of two dollars per
month for Easter Henry, child under sixteen
years of age of the said Sherrod and Violet,
from the twenty-fifth day of July, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, until she attains t.he
said age.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXVIIf.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Nancy Smith.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Hoti.se of Rep-
resentatives of the United Stated of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
.to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Nancy Smith, widow of Ben-
jamin H. Smith, late a private in company E,
twenty-third regiment Massachusetts volun-
teers, and to pay her a pension at the rate.of
eight dollars per month, to commence on the
first day of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, and to continue during her widowhood.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXX1X.—An Act granting increase
of Pension to Nancy A. Stocks.
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Nancy A. Stocks, wido.w of
Reuben Stocks, deceased, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
sum of two dollars per month for each of the
children of the said Reuben Stocks under six-
teen years of age at the time of his death, to
wit: George, born November twelfth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four; Joseph, born March
twenty-eighth, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven j
and Mary A., bom December eleventh, eight-
een hundred and sixty-one, until they severally
attain the age of sixteen years.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXX.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Robert Watson.
Beitenacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of Americain
Congress assembled, That the St cretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to p.lace on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Robert Watson, late a
private in company E, tenth regiment Ten-
nessee infantry volunteers, and to pay him a
pension, attherateof eight dollars per month,
from the nineteenth day of August, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, to the sixth day of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, and
thereafter at the rate of fifteen dollars per
month during his naturallife.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXXI.— An Act for the Relief of
Mary Scott.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior is hereby authorized and directed to
allow and pay to Mary Scott, widow of William
Scott, late a private in company 1, fifteenth
regiment Massachusetts volunteers, a pension
at the rate of eight dollars per month, from the
twenty-lirst day of October, eighteen hundred
and sixty one, the date of the death of her said
husband, until the tenth day of August, eight-
een hundred and sixty-six, thedate of the com-
mencement of' the pension heretofore allowed
her, and the additional sum of two dollars per
mouth for each child of said William Scott
under sixteen years of age. to commence from
the twenty-fifth day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, and to continue until said chil-
dren shall severally attain the age of sixteen
years.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXXII.—An Act for the Relief of
Seth Lea.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of
