592
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July m,
40xii Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United Slates.
the Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized
and directed to place on the pension-roll, sub-
ject to the provision and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Seth Lea, of Knox
county, in the State of Tennessee, and pay him
a pension as a second lieutenant, commencing
January fifteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
Appkoybd, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXXIII.—An Act to provide for
the Distribution of the Reward offered by
the President of the United States for the
Capture of-Jefferson Davis.
Beit enacted by the Senate and Rouse of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the reward of one
hundred thousand dollars offered for the cap-
ture of Jefferson Davis-by the President of the
United States in his proclamation of May
second, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, shall
te paid as follows: to James H. Wilson, of
the State of Illinois, late major general of vol-
unteers, three thousand dollars; to Benjamin
D. Pritchard, of the State of Michigan, late
lieutenant colonel of the fourth Michigan cav-
.alry, three thousand dollars ;, to Henry Ham-
den, of the State of Wisconsin, late lieutenant
colonel of the first Wisconsin cavalry, three
thousand dollars.; to Joseph A. 0. Yeoman,
of the State of Iowa, late captain of the first
O.hio cavalry, three thousand dollars; and to
the following officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, and privates, in proportion to the monthly
pay proper to which they were respectively
entitled by law in the grades which they held
at the time of said capture:
.Officers and men of the fourth. Michigan
cavalry that were present at the capture of
Jefferson Davis and party, on the morning of
'May ten, eighteen hundred and sixty-five:
Julian G. Dickinson, adjutant; Perry J. Davis,
regimental quartermaster; Charles T. Hudson,
captain'company E;1 Silas J. Stauber, first
lieutenant company G; Henry S. Bontell, first
lieutenant company C, (wounded;) Alfred B.
Purinton, second lieutenant company I; John
Bennett, second lieutenant company B;
Thomas Davis, commissary sergeant company
A; George A. Simmons, Thomas Ililey, and
Rezin Wright, sergeants company A; Darwin
Duntling, Robert L. Reynolds, and Lyman J.
Russell, corporals company A; William Balon,
Daniel C. Blinn, Gilbert Coata, James Fuller-
ton, Casper Knable, Philo Morse, Charles W.
Nichols, Henry Provost,-and George Rinke,
privates company A; A. E. Ford and A. A.
Braley, sergeants company B; J. F. Sher-
bourne, C. F. Parker, William Crow, U. B.
Tuttle, and-B. B. Bennett, corporals company
B; A. F. Sheppard, W. P. Steadman, Frank
Crim, Augustus Armstrong, William V. Wood,
John Nichols, J. J. Bontell, and L. H. 'Wil-
cox, privates company B; Abram Sebring,
Reuben Palmerton, David G. Curry, and
George M. Munger, corporals company C;
James F. Bullard, . David Dillon, Frapk C.
Leach, James H. Lynch, Stephen B. Munson,
(killed,) John Ruppeft, Ranselear Riggs, Wil-
liam J. Smith, and Harmon Stephens, privates
company C; James H. Place, corporal com-
pany D; Bur.t Judson, Horace C. , Jenney,
William H., J. Martin, William Parker, Francis
E. Thompson,, Z. H. Wilcox, John Brown,
Jacob E. Munn, and Thomas Hunter, privates
company D; George A. Bullard and David
B. Green, sergeants company B; John Hines,
(killed,) Charles W. Tyler, Dewitt C. Carr,
and William H. Crittenden, corporals com-
pany E; Silas Bullard, Robert G. Tripp,
Oscar E. Tefi't, Henry Johnson, William F.
Driesuian, Peter Segarry, George F. Dalmage,
and John G. Stephens, privates company E;
John Correnton, sergeant company F; Wil-
liam. P. True and Dewitt C. Cobb, corporals
company F; B. Franklin Nichols, Jatoes Pat-
terson, Ira Harrington, janior, John F-i-Gross-
man, HpmerHazleton, Henry Frickey, George
Raab, Joseph Bellinger, Henry Bradbelk, Den-
nis Drescoe, and William Wright, .privates
company F; Jacob 1SL Frash, James F.
O'Brien, Jolin Cavanaugh, Jeremiah F. Craig^
and William H. Palmateer, sergeants com-
pany G; George W. Van Sickle, JohnBallou,
George Myers, and Leander B. Shaw, cor-
porals company G; Joshua Parks, Cary Reed,
John A. Skinner, Joseph Odrin, David Cun-
ningham, privates company G ; and John H.
Kelch, private company IC; Joseph Hofmaster
and Benjamin K. Coif, sergeants company L;
Charles C. "Marsh and William. Oliver, cor-
porals company L ; Ed. Lane, J. W. Lindsley,
Perry Phelps, Benjamin F. Carpenter, Joseph
Stewart, William Newkirk, George Noggle,
Jesse J. Penfield, William Munn, Andrew
Bee, and Daniel Edward, privates company
L; Wesley D. Pond, first sergeant company
M ; Simeon Huff and Henry Shanahan, cor-
porals company M ; Emanuel Beazan, Andrew
Anderson, Robert Arnold, and John Vantyle,
privates company-M ; Daniel Graham, private
company G; Elias F. Pierce [and] Lester P.
Bates, sergeant[_s] company 1; J eromeB. Heath
and Preston W. Brown, corporals company
I; Luke M. Thayer, Martin L. Brown, George
W. Bodwell, William Dill, George W. Dutcher,
Charles Flugger, Daniel E. ICrumm, Charles
W. Middaugh, Peter McKennedy, Hiram H.
McCullough, and Marwin R. Pettit, privates
company I; Ansel Adams, sergeant company
K; Alonzo Moe, corporal company K; James
R. Norton, John Nelson, Jacob D. Newith,
Edwin Mabie, Smith B. Mills, Decatur Jaycox,
Enoch L. Rhodes, Thomas Folley, Nathaniel
Root, privates company K.
Officers and enlisted men of the first Wis-
consin cavalry engaged in the pursuit and pre-
sent at the time of the capture of Jefferson
Davis: Orson P. Clinton, second lieutenant
company B ; Walter 0. Hargraves, sergeant-
major; James Aplilij private company K,
orderly for CoTonfef'Harnden ; Austin M. Howe,
sergeant company A ; David N. Bell, Williata
Billsbeck, Martin M. Coleman, William Deyer,
John Huntermer, Gottleib J. Klineline, Sidney
Leonard, James McStillson, George W. Sills-
bee, Christopher Stinebreek, Herbert Schelter,
privates company A ; LutherL. Blair, Melvin
T. Olin, and John Clark, sergeants company
B; Thomas ,B. Culbertson, James McCrary,
and Ezra H.Stewart, corporals company B;
Albert L. Beardsley, Thomas Coleman, Rawson
P. Franklin, Sylvester Fairbanks, William
Gill, William Grimes, Lewis Jacobson,Honote
Leverner, William Matshie, Ira Miller, John
Nolan, John Norton, Warren P. Otterson,
Stephen Pougnette, William A. Spangler, Fred-
erick Steinfield, Joseph Smith, George Wright,
and John Wagner, privates company B; G eorge
D. Hussey and J. M. Wheeler, sergeants com-
pany D ; Gustavus W. Sykes, (wounded,) L.
Philip Pond, Joseph Myers, and . George La
Borde, corporals company D ; Nelson Apley,
(wounded,) P. F. Anderson, Donald Brandor,
F. Bublitz, J. S. Burton, Lawrence Bird, Joseph
Beguen, A. J. Craig, Thomas Day, Thomas
Dickerson, Jerrod'Fields, James Foley, Jacob
Gosh, D. H. Goodrich, Lewis Harting, U. M.
Hephner, C. Helgerson, Henry Hamilton, A.
E. Johnson, John Ludwick, M. F. Nickerson,
P. W. 0. Herron, J. A. L. Pooch, Alexander
Pingilly, Arne Renom, Jerome Roe, Herman
Stone, John Spear, Henry Sideirburg, J. H.
Warren, C. W. Seely, (wounded,) privates
company D.
Detachment accompanying Captain Joseph
A. 0. Yeoman, in his. pursuit and. discovery
of Jefferson Davis : George P. Barnes, junior,
sergeant company A, first Ohio cavalry; John
H. McEiwaine, quartermaster sergeant com-
pany A, first Ohio cavalry; Samuel Robertson
and Ripley M. Woln. corporals company A,
first Ohio cavalry ; Henry T. Ressler, Samuel
J. Rice, Spencer C. Phares, and George-W.
Blair, privates company A,'first -Ohio cavalry;
John Camjn, sergeant epmpany C, first Ohio
cavalry ; William Hampden, private company
C, first Ohio cavalry; John W, Newlove, com-
missary sergeant company D, first Ohio 'cav-
alry ; William. Powers, private company D,
first Ohio cavalrf; Bushrod W. Click, private
company' F, first Ohio cavalry; Thomas R.
Ketuiard and William Place, privates company
I, first Ohio cavalry; John Young, private
bompairy K, first I Ohio cavalry; Lee Wood,
private company' L, seventh Ohio cavalry;
John Gaits, corporal company E, seventh Ohio
cavalry ; Thomas H. Wright, private company
B, fifth Iowa cavalry; and to five additional
men, privates :in the said first regiment of Ohio
cavalry, one man of the seventh regiment of
Ohio cavalry, and two men of the fifth regi-
ment of Iowa cavalry ;:whose names and places
of residence arfe u'fiknown, but who shall satisfy
the proper accomitihg officers of the Treasury
Department of their services and identity, by
sufficient evidence, before being paid under
this-acf. And'the Secretary of War is hereby
authorized to receive evidence to correct mis-
nomers and, the omission, if any, of the names
of those actually present, rendering service
with either of the said detachments, according
•to th.e true intent and meaning of this act, and
•to certify the same to the Secretary of, the
Treasury, who shall,pause the same to be aud-
ited and .paid..
Sec. .2. And be it further enacted, That to
the heirs-at-law and legal representatives of
such soldiers above .named,as were killed in
action at the capture of Jefferson Davis, or
have since deceased, the share, proportion, or
claim of such killed or deceased soldier shall
be paid.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
sum of one hundred thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated to carry this act into effect.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. C,OLX3pOV.—An Act to Relieve from
Legal and Pojifical Disabilities.eertaiu Per-
sons engaged in the Fate Rebellion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress -assembled, That all -legal and polit-
ical disabilities-imposed by-the United States
upon Simeon.Corley, a citizen of South- Caro-
lina; John Milledge, of Augusta, Georgia;
Michael, Hahn, of 'New Orleans,. Louisiana:
James .Bussey, of Morehouse parish, Louisi-
ana; William C. Carriand John L. Barrett, of
Union parish, Louisiana ; Richard H. Cuney,
of East Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Robert Ray,
of New Orleans, Louisiana;, George W.Christy,
of New Orleans, Louisiana; Andrew T. Stone,
of.Rocky Comfort, Arkansas; Riley B- Archer,
of Arkansas; James H. Hicks, of Arkansas ;
Rufus L. Archer, of A.rkansas; Z. C. Ross,
of Arkansas W. F. Richardson, of Union
county, Arkansas, and P.M. B.Young, of Geor-
gia, [be, and the same are hereby, removed.]
Appaovnp, July 27, 1868.
Chat. CCLXXXV.—An Act granting a Pen-
sion to Lucinda J. Letcher.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pen-
sion laws, the name of Lucinda J. Letcher,
widow of Joseph Letcher, late*a private in
company G, ninth Michigan volunteers, com-
mencingOctobertwenty-first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCLXXXVI.—An Actfor the Relief of
Eliza Mascher, widow of John F. Mascher.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the UnUfid, States of America
in.. Congress assembled, That Eliza Mascher,
