710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
raised. The President may command them
when raised by virtue of his office as Com-
mander-in-Chief, but he cannot without the
consent of Congress call forth a single soldier.
Congress in the exercise of its discretion has
decided that except in Tennessee no loval,
legal governments have yet been organized in
the rebel States. That is the end of that ques-
tion. Nobody else can decide it. It does not
belong to the President; he has nothing to do
with it. It does not belong to the judiciary ;
that department has nothing to do with it. As
well might the judiciary have undertaken by a
process in the hands of a marshal to stop the
march of our advancing armies as they went
through the rebel Slates as to attempt now to
compel them to withdraw and Congress to
recognize as valid governments set up in defi-
ance of its authority. As well might the judi-
ciary undertake to say how the Army shall
march and when it shall fight as to say when
it shall withdraw from South Carolina. Is the
court to issue a mandamus or other process to
compel the military to leave one of the rebel
States? Congress says to the military, " stay
there for the protection of this nation it says
to the commanding officer, '* preserve the peace
there for the safety of the people ; make use
as far as you can of any local organizations or
tribunals to assist you; but the moment you
see that they are interfering with the peace of
the country or with your military authority
suppress them and establish others." That is
military control, and that control must con-
tinue till legitimate civil governments can be
established, of which Congress is a judge.
Mr. President, the Senator from Wisconsin
spoke in solemn tones and with a pleading voice
for the people of the South. He portrayed the
desolation of that portion of the country. He
told us of the thousands of millions of dollars
that the war had cost the rebels. He told us
of the three hundred thousand who had fallen
in battle and perished by disease in consequence
of the war, of the crushed hopes and bleeding
hearts of the people of the South. Sir, who
caused all this? What brought it upon them?
Was it not the brain and the talent of the
Southj that forced them, as he says, into the
rebellion, and that he now seeks to restore to
power. But, sir, in that connection did he tell
as anything of the bleeding hearts of loyal men ?
Did he tell us of the $4,000,000,000 of treasure
it had cost us to put down this wicked rebel-
lion? Did he tell us of the hundreds of thou-
sands of patriot lives that had been sacrificed
to put down the rebellion ? Not a word, sir.
An army of patriots, who if they stood in single
file side by side would reach from this political
Capitol of the nation to its great commercial
emporium, sacrificed their lives to put down
this horrible rebellion. Scarce a home can be
found in all the loyal States to which mourning
and sorrow were not brought by this wicked
rebellion. And the Senator stands up here and
pleads for political rights for the men who
occasioned all this, calling them the brain and
the talent, of the South.
I am for no harsh measures. I am for no
confiscation laws now. I was once. When
this war was progressing, when the conflict
was upon us, I was for confiscation and push-
ing the war with all the power we had. I was
then for making rebellion as odious as the
rebels made loyalty where they had the power.
But the time has gone by ; the war is over so
far as the conflict of arms is concerned ; and
now I would have these people who have slain
the five hundred thousand patriots of the land
of whom I have spoken, I would have even
them, with the exception of the leaders, re-
stored to the condition and the freedom of
other citizens. I would even allow them to
vote at the pells, but I think I should not be
willing that some of the chiefs should again
hold office.
But the Senator tells us that that is a mon-
strous proposition 1 He says that we propose
taking away the pardoning power by the pro-
posed^ constitutional amendment; that in all
Governments the pardoning power ia lodged
with the Executive, but that we propose to
take it away and not allow a man to be par-
doned except by Congress, and then only by a
two-thirds vote. Is that so? Have we done
any such thing? We have provided that a cer-
tain class of persons shall not hold office. Is
that taking away the pardoning power? The
original Constitution of the United States pre-
scribes the qualifications for office to a certain
extent. It declares that no one shall be a mem-
ber of this body who has not attained to the age
of thirty years. That takes away the pardon-
ing power, I suppose! It takes it away just as
much as the proposed article fourteen and no
more. If a pardoned rebel chief cannot hold
office, neither can a pfwdoned criminal who is
under thirty years of age be a Senator.
The Senator closes his argument by a reiter-
ation of his devotion to the Constitution, and
a reiteration of the assertion that somebody,
meaning, as I understand him, those who favor
the congressional plan of reconstruction, are
seeking to overthrow it. I have already, Mr.
President, endeavored to reply to that sugges-
tion by stating that it simply is not true. The
great Union party of this land is not seeking to
overthrow the Constitution nor to destroy the
Government. We have quite as much devo-
tion to both as the Senator from Wisconsin,
and a great deal more than most of those with
whom he is acting. I know not how to meet
an assertion of this kind except by denying it.
I have endeavored to show that the authority
which the Government is exercising over the
rebel States is a legitimate and constitutional
authority. I think I have done so. I have
endeavored to show that the accusation that
there is an attempt to establish negro suprem-
acy is not true in point of fact. I deny that
• any of our legislation is outside of the Consti-
tution. It is within it.
The Senator says that there is an attack
•upon the Supreme Court; and he assumes to
say that a measure is proposed by which three
judges may maintain as valid an act of Con-
gress, while five judges are prohibited from
deciding in favor of liberty. Why, sir, the acts
of Congress to which he alludes are on the
side of liberty. These very acts of which he
complains are acts extending rights, civil and
political, to all people. Is that despotism?
How is it known that three of the judges are
in favor of the constitutionality of the acts of
Congress and five against them? I have heard
enough of this on the streets. If it be true
that the judges of the Supreme Court, or any
of them, in advance of any case coming before
them involving the question, have given their
opinion that certain acts of Congress are uncon-
stitutional, then I say those judges thus express-
ing their opinions in advance are infamous. If
these reports be untrue, then they who circu-
late them deserve to be branded as liars.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
will allow me to interrupt him, I should like
to know upon what information he states that
five judges of the Supreme Court have formed
such an opinion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin spoke of five judges 
Mr. JOHNSON. I regret very much to
hear any such statement. I did not hear the
Senator from Wisconsin when he stated it. I
do not believe the statement is true in point
of fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nor do I, Mr. Presi-
dent.
Mr. JOHNSON. I agree with the honor-
able member that, if it be true, it is exceed-
ingly censurable.
Mr.'
TRUMBULL. I am very happy to have
the testimony of the Senator from Maryland'
that he does not believe it to be true. I do
not believe a word of it. I give no credence
to these reports raised for party purposes on
the streets, pretending to give in advance of
the hearing of a case in court the opinions
of the judges upon that bench.
• The Senator from Wisconsin did not say that
five judges had expressed opinions upon these
reconstruction acts. I wish not to be misun-
derstood about that. The Senator from Wis-
consin was speaking generally, and I under-
stood him to say that an attempt was made to
subjugate the Supreme Court by a provision
under which three judges could maintain an act
of Congress and five judges would be prevented
from deciding in favor of liberty. I presume
the Senator fr m Maryland has seen in the
newspapers and heard upon the streets reports
as to the opinions of the judges on the recon-
struction acts.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not, Mr. President.
I am so situated that I read the papers very
seldom, and indeed I am hardly able to read
them at all. I have neither seen nor hfeard of
any such report, and I do not believe there is
one word of truth in it. I have so much con-
fidence in the judges collectively and indi-
vidually—all of the judges—as to be satisfied
that whatever decision they may pronounce
upon any case involving those questions will
be the result of their calmest judgment, unin-
fluenced by any partisan feeling whatever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should hope the Sen-
ator from Maryland was correct. I am not
prepared to believe any such reports either;
the law to which the Senator from Wisconsin
alluded is proposed as a permanent statute.
Mr. DIXON. Allow me to ask the Senator
whether he understood the Senator from Wis-
consin to state that five judges had expressed
or entertained a given opinion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have already stated
that I did not so state.
Mr. DIXON. I misunderstood the Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President,
the proposition to require something more than
a majority of a quorum of the Supreme Court
to pronounce an act of Congress unconstitu-
tional is no new subject. It has been talked
of for years. There is a great deal to be said
in favor of such a law. In the early organiza-
tion of the Government, when the first question
was presented to the Supreme Court of the
United States involving the validity of an act
of Congress, it was with great hesitation that
the judges came to the conclusion that they had
the right under any circumstances to declare
an act of Congress unconstitutional. They
finally, however, .did come to that opinion.
They held that the Constitution was the su-
preme law of the land, and that in judging upon
a case between parties which came legitimately
before them they had aright to inquire whether
an act of the Legislature was in conflict with
the paramount law of the Constitution so far as
it affected the right of that particular case.
That is all their decision amounts to in any
case.
In a court composed of eight judges, as we
have it now, as to which a law is proposed that
five shall constitute a quorum, it might happen
that three of the judges might decide a law to
be unconstitutional. I think that ought not to
he. Irrespective of these political questions,
which do not belong to the court at all, it seems
to me that less than a majority or two thirds
of the whole court should never be permitted
to pronounce an act of Congress invalid by
reason of its repugnance to the Constitution
of the United States. Why, sir, we are under
the same obligation to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States as the judges of the
courts. We all take the same oath, and none
of us vote for a law which we believe to be
unconstitutional; and when a bill has passed
this body and the other House by a majority,
and is sent to the President of the United
States, he acts upon his own responsibility in
approving or disapproving it; and if he dis-
approves it a majority of all the people's rep-
resentatives in the other House and a majority
of all the representatives of the States in this
House cannot make it a law ; it requires two
thirds of all the representatives of the States
of the Union and two thirds of all the repre-
tentatives of the people to make it a law in
opposition to the President; and when it has
thus become a law shall a majority of a quo-
rum of the Supreme Court, three out of eight
judges, be permitted to say it is no law; a
