594
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 27,
40tii Cong 2d Sess.
Laios of the United States.
Chap. CCXCVIII.—An Act granting aPension
to Elizabeth Cassidy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep*
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he ia hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Elizabeth Cassidy, widow
of Michael Cassidy, late a first lieutenant in the
sixty-ninth regiment of Pennsylvania volunteer
infantry, commencing July fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCXCIX.—An Act granting a Pension
to Margaret Filson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Margaret Filson, widow of
George W. Filson, to receive a pension to bear
date from first January, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
CpAP. CCC.—An Act to place the name of
Ellen Curry, widow of James Curry, de-
ceased, a Private Soldier of Company F,
Thirty-Ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteers,
upon the Pension-Roll of the United States.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized to
place the name of Ellen Curry, widow of James
Curry, deceased, private soldier in company F,
thirty-ninth regiment Illinois infantry volun-
teers,upon the pension-roll of the United States,
subject to the laws now in force in relatimi to
pensions.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCCI.—An Act granting a Pension
of Seventeen Dollars per month to David
Duhigg, of Lynden, Vermont, father of late
First Lieutenant Dennis Duhigg, of Com-
pany M, First Regiment Vermont Artillery.
Be it enactedby the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and is hereby, authorized and re-
quired to place on the pension-roll the name
of David Duhigg, father of late First Lieuten-
ant Dennis Duhigg, of company M, first regi-
ment Vermont artillery, who was killed in bat-
tle, and that the said David Duhigg, in con-
sequence of the service and death of his said
son, be paid during his natural life a pension
of seventeen dollars per month, to commence
from the passage of this act.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCCII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Charles Hamstead.
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the limitations and provisions of the pension
laws, the name of Charles Hamstead, late a
member of Captain Shell's company of West
Virginia Slate guards, (afterwards the seventh
West Virginia volunteers,) commencing Feb-
ruary twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCCIII.—An Act granting a Pension
to Matthew C. Griswold.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That, the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Matthew C. Griswold, late
a first lieutenant in the twentieth regiment of
New York cavalry, commencing January elev-
enth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCCIV.—An Act for the Belief of Mrs.
Mary J. Trueman.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Houseof Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to place
on the pension-roll of the United States the
name of Mary J. Trueman, widow of James
Trueman, late private in company B, twelfth
regiment West Virginia volunteer infantry,
subject to the provisions aud limitations of the
pension laws.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCCV.—An Act for the Relief of Cap-
tain A. G. Olivar.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay to Captain A. G. Olivar, out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of two thousand and t,en
dollars, this being the full amount that the said
Olivar had stolen from him the thirteenth of
May, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, which
was Government funds.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCCVI.—An Act for the Relief of Sally
C. Northrop.
Whereas the petition of Sally C. Northrop
represents that in the year eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, Henry S-Atwood, a merchant,
being solicited thereto by them, purchased the
discharges of certain soldiers, and obtained
from them powers of attorney to procure and
assign the bounty-land warrants to which they
were entitled under the ninth section of the
act of Congress, approved February eleventh,
eighteen hundred and forty-seven; and that
before receiving the warrants on the discharges
so purchased, the said Henry S. Atwood died;
and that subsequently said warrants were duly
received by Franklin K. Beck, administrator
of the estate of said nenry S. Atwood, and
sold by said Beck, as such administrator, to
the said Sally C. Northrop, for a full and
valuable consideration ; and whereas it is fur-
ther represented by the petitioner that, ac-
cording to the forms of transfer now prescribed
by law, her title to said warrants is defective,
and that after careful efforts through several
years, she has been unable to find the soldiers
in whose names said warrants were issued, and
therefore unable to perfect her title to the
same ; the numbers of said warrants and the
names of the soldiers in whose favor they -were
issued being as follows, viz.: 61669, John
Holly; 61575,WilliamLufFman; 6081S, George
W. Bowen ; 60823, James Cooper; 61672, John
Gilbert; 61556, Adam H. Underwood; 60817,
Henry Truitt; 61674, Henry H.Foster; 61822,
Joseph Ervin; 61675, John E. Edmundson ;
61820, Thomas Johnson; 61676, William Davis;
C2062, William M. Connor; 61663, Frederick
S. Moore ; 60814, Robert Bryan ; G1665, Wil-
liam Holley; 60825, Green B. Driscoll; 60822,
William Childers; 61819, James Lofien; 61664,
John C. Lewis; 61569, Matthew V. Gray;
61806, William B. Buckelew; 61671, William
H. Hines; 60816, Pierce L. Alford; 61808,
Peter Brookey; 61576, Silas M. Sullivan;
61809, Elebe H. Jones; 62111, William E.
Binion; 62337, Zadoc Pitts; 00827, J ohn
Lamerson ; 62335, Thomas Lindsey ; C0826,
Wilson Clark; 61807, Wiley Chesser ; 60824,
Joel Foster; 62336, Augustus Patal ; 60821,
Jesse Le Grand; 61810, Persel N. Graham ;
60815, Milton A. Roach; 62060, Ludwick B.
Bright; 61667, Samuel C. Gordon; 61670,
Pati-ick H. Harding; 61666, FarrerLankaster;
62061, William F. Hunter; 62189, Nicholas M.
Fain; 61805, John Bradley; 60812, Robert
Beesley; 02064, Robert D. Brooks ; 70861,
Columbus W. Howard; 62373, John M. Cas-
tello ; 61577, James Murray ; 61562, George
Somers; 620G3, Charles It. Brewer;  ,
John Burner : Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That upon the location,
in accordance with law, by Sally C. Northrop,
or her assigns, and the presentation of any of
the foregoing bounty-land warrants so located,
to the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
with proper legal evidence that the same has
been assigned to the aforesaid Sally C. Nor-
throp by Franklin K. Beck, as administrator
of the estate of the aforesaid HenryS. Atwood,
it shall be the duty of said Commissioner to
issue patents for the land so located as in other
cases.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCCV1I.—An Act for the Relief of Hon.
George W. Bridges, a Member of the Thirty -
Seventh Congress.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentaties of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Treasurer of the
United States pay to the Hon. George \V.
Bridges, late a member of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, from the State of Tennessee, the
sum of one thousand six hundred and eighty-
five dollars and ten cents, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in
full compensation and payment of his claim for
pay as a member of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, deducted for loss of time, occasioned by
his arrest by rebel authority while on his way to
the capital.
Approved, July 27, 18G8.
Chap. CCCVIII.—An Act for the Relief of
Major F. F. Stevens, Assistant Paymaster
United States Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper account-
ing officers of the Paymaster General's office
and the Treasury Department in the settlement
of the accounts of Major F. F. Stevens, late an
assistant paymaster of the United States Army,
credit to him the sum of three thousand and
seventy-eight dollars and sixty-three cents, as
of the first April, A. D. eighteen hundred and
sixty-seven, for the cause that that amount of
public money in his hands on that day was lost
by the burning of the steamer Alabama, on the
Mississippi river: Provided, That in the opin-
ion of said accounting officers the said allow-
ance should be made.
Approved, July 27,
Chap. CCCIX.—An Act for the Relief of Pale-
mon John.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United Slates of America in
Congress assembled, That the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue be, and hereby is, instructed
to allow Palemqn John a credit for the sum of
seven hundred and sixty-nine dollars and thirty-
seven cents, for that amount of revenue stamps
lost or stolen from the mails while the same
were in transit to said Commissioner from said
Palemon John, late revenue stamp agent.
Approved, July 27, 1868.
Chap. CCCX.—An Act for the Relief of Cap-
tain Thomas W. Miller.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
