1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
majority of a quorum of a tribunal not organ-
ized for the purpose of making laws; a major- I
ity of a quorum of a tribunal which in the j
origin of the Government doubted its power
in any case to set aside a law as unconstitu-
tional ? There is a great propriety in requiring
as large a proportion of the whole number of
thp court to set aside a law as is required of
the two Houses of Congress to make a law
when vetoed by the President.
Possibly it would not be going too far to
require the unanimous opinion of the whole
court to pronounce a law unconstitutional.
These are questions for calm consideration on
the part of Congress. I am sorry that they
are lugged into this discussion. They have
nothing to do with it.
Mr. JOHNSON. They do not belong to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In passing upon that
proposed act of Congress which has passed the
other House I trust this body will consider it
as a question disconnected entirely with any
pending or supposed pending questions in the
country, and pass upon it as may be best as a
permanent law, and not with reference to any
supposed case that may be got up for political
effect. That is the view I snail be disposed to
take of it, and without on the present occasion
committing myself either for or against such a
law, I deny that its passage would tend to
degrade or subjugate the Supreme Court.
The Senator from Wisconsin, in concluding,
goes into a discussion of the party politics of
the country and presidential prospects, which
seem to have been the occasion of his elabor-
ately prepared speech. Now, sir, so far as I
am concerned, and I trust so far as this body
is concerned, we will legislate upon these great
and important questions with reference to the
best interests of the country, not with refer-
ence to the advancing of any man's interest as
a candidate for the Presidency. I do not know
whether any particular candidate is to be bene-
fited or to be injured by the contemplated bill.
If I believe it best for my country I am for it;
but if I believe it against the best interests of
the country I am against it.
The considerations which should govern u3
all are the public interests, the public welfare,
and a desire to restore all the States to their
proper condition in the Union, not under negro
supremacy, but in the hands of loyal men. In
all the States where conventions have been
called large bodies of whites have taken part
in the elections; thousands and tens of thou-
sands of whites have gone to the polls and
voted in favor of these reconstruction meas-
ures wherever they have had a chance. Many
more thousands of whites have voted in favor
of conventions than there are ot persons dis-
franchised, and many more would have voted
if left free to act.
Now, sir, all that this reconstruction policy
means is to place the governments in the rebel
States in the hands of men who are and will
be true to the Union and to the Constitution,
about which the Senator says so much. He
complains that we are not willing to modify
our policy. I tell him, no; for one, I will
never modify that policy which requires the
State organizations to pass first into the hands
of loyal men. I will never agree that they
shall be controlled by the men who were chiefly
instrumental in strewing the land with desola-
tion and death. I will never agree that the
loyal people of the rebel States shall be left
to the mercy of State governments organized
and controlled by the chiefs of the rebellion,
the plunderers of the nation's wealth and the
murderers of half a million of the nation's
heroes.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I desire to
speak to this question, but not to-night, and as
it is now nearly half-past four o'clock I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator allow the Chair to receive a message
from the House of Representatives?
Mr. MORTON. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
death op hon. cornelius s. hamilton.
Mr. McPiierson, the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, appeared at the bar and said:
Mr. President, I have been directed by the
House of Representatives to communicate to
the Senate the resolutions adopted by the House :
in regard to the death of Hon. Cornelius S.
Hamilton, late a Representative from the State
of Ohio.
The resolutions were read.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the death
of Cornelius Springer Hamilton, now form-
ally announced to the Senate, is a most im-
pressive lesson of the frail tenure of human life
and of all earthly hopes. A few weeks ago he
stood among his associates in the House of
Representatives in the vigor of manhood, in
perfect health, possessed of ample property,
secure in the confidence of his constituents, and
in the warm affection of wife, children, kin-
dred, and friends. He died by the hand of an
insane son—a lad of eighteen—the eldest son
of a family of six children. So melancholy an
event may well cause us to pause in the midst
of our duties, not only to express our natural
grief at the loss of an associate but to reflect
upon the shadowy dangers that surround us at
every step from the cradle to the grave. No
one among us had better reason to anticipate a
long and happy life than Mr. Hamilton, yet he
is the first to render the dread reckoning; and
the manner of his death naturally excites in the
human mind a feeling of horror which death in
the chamber of death cannot produce. Yet
there are few among us who could meet this
fate better prepared than he was. I do not
speak of him in the formal language of eulogy,
but I can say to the Senate, in the name of his
constituents, that he had no enemy among
them; that he was uniformly regarded as an
earnest and an honest man of more than ordi-
nary ability, modest and retiring, but fully able
to vindicate his opinions with logic and effect.
If he had lived longer he would have ranked
among the ablest of his associates in Congress,
and would have secured here, as he had athome,
the confidence and respect of all who knew him.
Mr. Hamilton was bom in Muskingum county,
Ohio, on the 21st of January, A. D. 1821. He
was the fifth in descent from Charles Chris-
topher Springer, the Swede, of Wilmington,
Delaware, so favorably referred to by Clay in
his Annals of the Swedes and by Ferris in his
Original Settlers on the Delaware. His surviv-
ing brothers and kindred are among the most
respected citizens of Ohio. He was married to
Miss Louisa Vausant, in Muskingum county,
Ohio, and three daughters and three sons sur-
vive him. Mr. Hamilton was a lawyer of abil-
ity, with a large practice in his section of the
State, and was many times elected by his neigh-
bors to offices of trust and responsibility. He
was a member of the last constitutional con-
vention in Ohio, and also of the Senate of that
State, and in each body exercised great influ-
ence, not so much by makingspeeches, although
he could do that if necessary, but by his gen-
tlemanly and conciliatory bearing and his prac-
tical talent for legislation. When the internal
revenue law took effect he was appointed with-
out any application on his part as assessor, and
served in that capacity with great credit until
1806. His methodical business habits fitted
him admirably for that office. He was displaced
for political reasons, and that fall was elected a
Representative in Congress from the eighth
congressional district of Ohio. He had scarcely
entered upon this trust before we are compelled
to announce his death.
The manner of his death presents one of the
most striking examples furnished by human his-
tory of the strange and mysterious operations
upon the human mind of the malady of insan-
ity. He was killed by his own son, Thomas, a
lad of eighteen, who, until two or three weeks
before this event, was a lad of great promise,
manly, steady, trusty, and obedient to his
parents and courteous to his friends. He was
a regular attendant at school until after his
father came here, but had latterly exhibited
evidences of deep and singular melancholy. It
was thought best to send for Mr. Hamilton.
who received the message as his associates were
leaving to enjoy the holidays. He informed
me of his errand homo, but seemed to regard
it as a case of ill health rather than insanity.
On his arrival at Columbus he met his son, who
had been taken to the city the day before and
placed in charge of his uncle, Dr. Hamilton.
His son returned with him to his home at Marys-
ville, Ohio, but it soon became apparent that
his melancholy was culminating into danger-
ous madness, and preparations were made to
convey him to the lunatic asylum at Columbus
on Saturday, the 21st of December, but some
delay occurred, and the journey was postponed
until Monday. Mr. Hamilton had the boy
accompany him wherever he went, and seemed
to have a cheering influence over him. On
the same day he wrote to a friend as follows:
"My wife wrote me that my oldest boy, Tom, eight-
een years old, was threatened with insanity. I have
found, on my arrival, that her fearshad a real found-
ation, but I hoped that it would bo but a temporary
trouble, until yesterday, when his conduct was such
that I despaired of managing the case at home or at a
private water-cure, and I have made arrangements
to take him to the asylum at Columbus. He has been
one of the most quiet, industrious, and exemplary
boys X ever knew, and my chicf reliance for the man-
agement of my affairs and the control of my other
children in my absence."
On the morning of Sunday, the 22d day of
December, while accompanied only by this
son, and while engaged in feeding his stock, he
was suddenly killed by a single blow with a
club in the hands of his son. The maniac,
still fatally bent on mischief and in the fiercest
frenzy of madness, then attempted the life of
his brother John, a lad of eleven ; then, with
an up lifted ax, pursued his mother ; then his
little brother and sister, and then attacked the
neighbors who rushed to the rescue. It is for-
tunate for the survivors of this unhappy family
that the son and brother who committed this
tragedy is free both by human and Divine law
from all responsibility, from all conscious
guilt, but was the blind agent of an irresistible
power. Still, in a moment, without fault, their
former happy condition is changed, and the
deep mourning that falls over them is shared
by all their neighbors, by all Mr. Hamilton's
constituents, and by the sympathy of the whole
country, startled by this extraordinary tragedy.
It only remains for me to add a few words in
regard to Mr. Hamilton's personal character.
In his intercourse with men his manner was
unusually kind and winning. He had strong
convictions, and in his political opinions was
an earnest radical Republican. He believed
in universal liberty, and in the equality of all
citizens in political rights and power. He
maintained this faith without regard to its
popularity and applied it to all without distinc-
tion or prejudice. It was the corner-stone of
his political life; but the same charity that
moved him to demand equal rights for all made
him respect the opinions and even the preju-
dices of others. He scattered no thorns in his
path, and therefore he died with the sincere
respect of all who knew him. In manner he
was quiet, modest, and retiring. He did not
often speak, but when he did he was always
earnest and effective. He was plain in his
dress and bearing. He enjoyed the blessings
of life without exciting the envy of others, and
this not from the love of popularity, but be-
cause it was the natural promptings of his
character. He was not a member of any
church, but supported and respected the Chris-
tian faith and worship. He wasalways guided
by moral principle, and so far as I have ever
heard was never charged with any act incon-
sistent with honor or honesty. In his family
relations, as son, brother, husband, and father,
he was singularly happy, and the earnest sup-
port he received, and deep sympathy evinced
by his immediate townsmen show that he was
equally fortunate as a neighbor and friend. I,
perhaps, am the only member of the Senate
who knew Mr. Hamilton intimately. He was
