714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
The SPEAKER. Tho Chair cannot ask i
unanimous consent. '
Mr. BAN KS. 1 would have voted " No."
Mr. ORTH. I was also detained on the
same committee. I would like to vote.
Mr. ROBINSON. I was also attendingthe
committee.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
rule on this subject from the Digest.
Mr. ROBINSON. If I had been present I
■would have voted " No.-'
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"And when any member shall ask leave to vote
fho Speaker shall propound to him the question—
Wore you within the baf before tho last namo on the
roll was called ? and if ho shall answer in the nega-
tive the Speaker shall not further entertain the
request of such member to vote."
The SPEAKER. This rule was adopted to
prevent asking unanimous consent.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for an amend-
ment to the text of the bill just disposed of, so
as to improve its phraseology. I propose in
the amendment to strike out •' has died " and
insert " shall have died,'' and also to substitute
" any for "a." j
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that amendment will be made.
There was no objection.
NORMAN WIARD.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back
the memorial of Norman Wiard, asking for
reimbursement of expense incurred in deliv-
ering certain steamers to the Government of
the United States, and ask that it be referred
to the Committee of Claims. A bill on this
subject passed the House, and I believe passed
the Senate, during the last Congress.
The memorial was accordingly referred to
the Committee of Claims.
EXTRA PAY TO VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am instructed by the
same committee to report adversely on the ;
petition of twenty-four citizens of Norristown,
Pennsylvania, late officers of volunteers of the
United States Army, praying Congress to pass
an act entitling the officers of the late volun-
teer Army of the United States who have been
commissioned since March 3, I860, to the
three months' extra pay allowed by act of
Congress to those commissioned prior to that
date.
I will state the reason for making this ad- [
verse report. A large number of cases are j
being presented to the Committee on Military ,
Affairs, asking the enlargement of the scope
of the payments out of the Treasury for claims
of a military character. This petition is one
of that class. It was provided bylaw that offi-
cers mustered into the service prior to the 4th
of March, 186-5, should receive when mustered
out three months' extra pay. This petition
asks that officers mustered in after the 3d of
March be placed on the same footing. If we
should make another limit anywhere there
would be somebody beyond the line who would
want it extended to cover his case. If we
admit this case we ought to admit several
thousand other cases. The committee there-
fore conclude that they see no reason for
changing the law in that regard. And I make
this remark to indicate the general policy of
the committee in cases of this sort.
Thepetition was accordingly laid on the table.
SALE OF ARSENAL GROUNDS.
Mr. PILE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back House bill No. 431,
providing for the sale of the arsenal grounds
at St. Louis, and Liberty, Missouri, and for
other purposes, with a substitute.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to sell, at such time and in such
manner as he may deem most advantageous to
the interests of tho Government, subject to the
provisions hereinafter contained, the follow-
ing military reservations and public property,
namely:
First. The ground now occupied by the St.
Louis arsenal, in the city of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, and that occupied by the United States
arsenal situated at Liberty, Missouri, together
with such public buildings, machinery, and
other property appertaining thereto as cannot
be advantageously employed in the construc-
tion or improvement of other arsenals or mili-
tary posts.
Second. That portion of the military reser-
vation known as Fort Leavenworth, which lies
on the east side of the Missouri river, together
with that portion of said reservation situated
on the west side of the Missouri river, which
lies between the city limits" of Leavenworth
City and a line commencing on the Missouri
river at the mouth of Corral Ravine and run-
ning parallel with the south line of said reser-
vation to its western boundary.
Section two provides that the ground occu-
pied by the Saint Louis arsenal shall be divided
into blocks and lots of convenient size for
building purposes, with public streets, con-
forming as near as may be, without detriment
to the interest of the Government in the sale,
to the public streets of the city of Saint Louis
adjoining said grounds; a plat of this division,
made in accordance with the laws of the State
of Missouri, shall be filed with the proper
officer in the city of Saint Louis, and the said
lots shall be sold at public auction to the
highest bidder after giving thirty days' notice
by advertisement in at least three daily papers
in the city of Saint Louis, payment to be made
one third in cash, the remainder in one and
two years, with six per cent, interest per
annum, secured by deed of trust on the lots
sold. The stonewall surrounding said arsenal
shall be sold in sections not exceeding one hun-
dred feet in length.
Section three provides that the grounds occu-
pied by the Liberty arsenal and that part of the
Fort Leavenworth reservation specified in sec-
tion first, shall be sold at public auction, after
due notice by public advertisement of the time
and place of said sale, in such parcels, blocks,
and lots as may be deemed most advantageous
to the interest of the Government by the Sec-
retary of War, upon the terms and conditions
as to payment specified in the previous section.
By the provisions of section four the Secre-
tary of War is authorized to establish an arsenal
at Jefferson barracks, Missouri, for the repair
and storage of arms, and for that purpose to
remove from the St. Louis arsenal such ma-
chinery, tools, stores, and public property as
can be advantageously used, and to expend so
much of the proceeds of the sale of the St.
Louis and Liberty arsenals as maybe necessary,
not exceeding dollars. The remainder
of the proceeds of the sale of the property
provided for in this act shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
Mr. PILE. I desire to call the previous
question on this bill before the expiration of
the morning hour, and I will say that if the,
previous question be sustained I will yield to
gentlemen who desire to ask for information
or to debate the bill, or to amend it, the most
of my hour.
The SPEAKER. The bill cannot be amended
after the previous question is sustained.
Mr. PILE. By unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. By unan-
imous consent the bill can be left open to
amendment after the previous question is
called.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
nearly expired, the gentleman from Missouri
proposes to call the previous question, and
states that if it shall be sustained he will yield
the most of his hour for questions or debate.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it understood that the
bill shall be open tu amendments?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
submit that question to the House. Is there
objection to allowing the bill to be open for
amendments after the previous question has
been seconded ?
No objection was made.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PILE. I send to the Clerk's desk a
letter from General Grant, Secretary of War
aclinterim, inclosing a letter of General Dyer,
chief of ordnance, on this subject. I ask that
both letters be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
War Department,
Washington City, January 10,1868.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith, for the
consideration of the proper committeo, a communi-
cation of January 2,18t>8, from the chief of ordnanco,
suggesting that action bo taken for the removal of
tho St. Louis arsenal to the Jefferson barracks reser-
vation ; in which suggestion this Department concurs.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
U. S. Git ANT,
Secretary of War ad interim.
Hon. schuyter Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Ordnance Office, War Department,
Washington, January 2, 1868.
Sir : The growth of the city of St. Louis, Missouri,
both in extent and population, renders it advisable
to take measures now for changing the site of the
arsenal in that city. Since the establishmentot that
| arsenal the extension of the city—at ttiat time sui-
} ficiently remote from its site—has brought it into
' close and dangerous proximity to tho arsenal and
its operations. The occupation of the present site
is also disadvantageous to the growth of the city, and
it is requisite for its necessities. These considera-
tions induced, as far back as 1861, the passage of a
law authorizing and requiring the removal of the
arsenal from the city, with a provision tor its estab-
lishment on the Government reservation at Jeffer-
son barracks. The law, however, was no teamed into
effect in consequence of the rebellion, and was sub-
sequently repealed. Tho same considerations for
changing the site of the arsenal and for its establish-
ment on the Government reservation remote from
the city now exists in a greater degree. I therefore
recommend that an act similar to that approved
March 12,1861, be enacted, authorizing and requiring
the removal, as soon as it can be properly effected,
of the arsenal and all its operations from its present
site in the city of St. Louis to a site, to be selected
by the Secretary of War, on the Jefferson barracks
reservation. The mode of effecting this should bo
similar to that prescribed by the act of 1801, namely,
first, to divide into building lots that portion of the
arsenal site not now used or required for tho man-
ufacture or storage of ordnance supplies, and to sell
those lots to the highest bidder, atter due previous
public notice of the intended sale; then to pro-
ceed with tho removal of all the military supplies
and of the machinery and tools at the arsenal as
fast as suitable buildings for their storage and ap-
plication can be erected on the new site; and to
divide into lots, as before, the residue of tho site
and sell them, with the buildings thereon, as before
directed, applying the net proceeds of those sales,
as fast as received, to the removal of the military
supplies, machinery, and tools and the rebuilding
and reestablishment of the arsenal on the Jefferson
barracks reservation on such scale as the Secretary
of War may approve and authorize.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. B. DYER,
Brevet Major General, Chief of Ordnance.
General U. S. Grant,
Secretary of War ad interim.
Mr. PILE. Ms. Speaker, the arsenal at
Liberty, Missouri, has been abandoned and is
not occupied either for storage or repairs. It
is of no further use to the Government, and of
course there can be no question as to the pro-
priety of a sale of the ground upon which that
arsenal was situated. The arsenal at St. Louis,
as stated in the letter of the chief of ordnance,
is inside the city limits. It is now thickly sur-
rounded by buildings on the north, west, and
south, and the population in that part of the
city are in dangerous proximity to the arsenal.
It is a source of great inconvenience to the
inhabitants of that part of the city. The Gov-
ernment has a reservation twelve miles below
St. Louis, removed from the city, where the
arsenal will not endanger the lives of the citi-
zens of St. Louis and will not be endangered
by the proximity of so many fires and so many
people in its vicinity. The arsenal can be re-
moved to this reservation, twelve miles below
the city, and the ground which it now occupies
sold. I think the bill contains all the neces-
sary restrictions and directions as to the details
how this ground shall be sold, divided into lots
and blocks, so that the common laborer, the
