1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
The yeas rind nays were not ordered. |
The motion to lay oil the table was not ;
agreed to. i
The question recurred upon the pending
amendments to the substitute; the tirst of
which was the amendment moved by Mr. Van
Wyi-k, to insert the word "separately" in sec-
tion two alter the words "sold by lots."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was the one moved by
Mr. Clarke, of Kansas, to add to section three
the following:
Provided, That no part of Fort Leavenworth res-
ervation, we t of the Missouri river, shall be sold in
lut> exceeding ten acres each.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was one moved by
Mr. Pile, to till the blank in section four with
"$150,000" as the sum to be expended 011 the
new arsenal at Jefferson barrack*.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment was one moved by Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois, to the effect that no
building or other work should be contracted
for at Jefferson barracks to exceed the amount
fixed by the section.
The SPEAKER. The House having refused
to fill the blank, the amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washbcrne] is not
applicable to the section.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PILE. The fourth section of the sub-
stitute has been modified so that the arsenal
to be erected at Jefferson barracks shall be used
for the storage of arms only. Another provis-
ion of that section provides for the removal from
the St. Louis arsenal to the arsenal at Jeffer-
son barracks of '' such machinery, tools, stores,
and public property as can be advantageously
used." I desire to modify that provision by
striking out the words "machinery, tools," so
as to make it conform to the section as now
modified.
The SPEAKER. That is not now in order.
Mr. LQi fAN. I desire to move to Btrike out
all of the fourth section that provides fttr the
establishment or building of another arsenal.
The SPEAKER. That is the amendment
of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,]
now pending.
The question was upon the amendment moved
by Mr. Wilson*, of Iowa, to strike out of the
fourth section the following:
The Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to establish an arsenal at Jefferson barracks,
Missouri, tor the storage of arms, and for that pur-
pose to remove from the St. Louis arsenal such ma-
chinery, tools, stores, and public property as can be
advantageously n">ed, and to expend so much of the
proceeds of the St. Louis and Liberty arsenals as
may be necessary, not exceeding dollars. The
remainder ot—
So that the section will read as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the proceeds
of the sale of property provided for in this act shall
be paid into the Treasury of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the substitute
as amended.
Mr. MUXGEN. I move to amend section
three by adding to the provision moved by the
gentleman from Kansas [Mr. Clarke] the fol-
lowing 1
But shall be sold in lots of half an acre, separately,
if desired by purchasers.
The proviso will then read:
Provided, That no part of Fort Leavenworth reser-
vation, west of the Missouri river, shall be sold in
lots exceeding ten acres each, but shall be sold in lots
of half an acre, separately, if desired by purchasers.
The amendment of Mr. Mcngen was agreed
to.
Mr. RAUM. I move to amend the substi-
tute by adding thereto the following section:
And be it further enacted. That such proportion of
the machinery of the St. Louis arsenal as may be of
value shall be removed to the Rock Island arsenal.
Mr. DODGE. There is no building at Rock
Island in which to store that machinery. I
would, therefore, suggest to the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Raom] that it would be better to
amend the fourth section of the substitute by
adding to it the following:
Provided, That the machinery, ordnance, stores,
and arms that the Government desire to reserve from
sale shall bo stored at any arsenal now established
or to be established by law.
Mr. RAUM. I will accept that in lieu of
my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the substitute as
amended ; and being taken, it was adopted.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. PILE. I call the previous question on
the passage of this bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. PILE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid ou the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
death of hon. cornelius s. hamilton.
The SPEAKER. The delegation from the
State of Ohio stated to the House a few days
ago, through the Chair, their intention to an-
nounce at two o'clock to-day the death of
their late colleague, Mr. Hamilton. That hour
has now arrived.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
thesad and melancholy duty has been devolved
upon me, by a meeting of the Ohio Senators
and Representatives in Congress, of announc-
ing the decease, at his home in Marysville, on
the 22d day of December last, of one of onr
colleagues, Hon. Cornelius S. Hamilton, of
the eighth congressional district of Ohio. The
painful calamity which terminated his earthly
career and makes this solemn announcement
necessary adds to the grief and affliction which
naturally follow the unlooked for demise of an
honored member of the Government suddenly
withdrawn from the public service; of a citi-
zen removed from usefulness in society and
from cherished friendships; of a husband and
father cut off from the hallowed associations
and duties of home, of family, of wife, and of
children.
If custom had never made it appropriate on
occasions like this to pay a truthful tribute of
respect to the memory of a departed colleague,
yet in the life, character, and services of the
deceased there is so much to illustrate the value
of republican institutions—so much to ad-
monish all that merit is the true road to success,
so much that is worthy of example—that we
may find in them ample food for profitable
reflection and study, and material deserving an
enduring record. A personal and, I may say
somewhat intimate, acquaintance with the de-
ceased of nearly twenty-five years has enabled
me to know at least some of his many virtues,
and to sympathize and unite in condolence
with and share in part the grief of these who
deeply mourn his loss.
Of his personal and official history I will
briefly speak :
Cornelius Springer Hamilton was born
January 2, 1821, in the township and county
of Muskingum, in the State of Ohio, where he
resided with his parents until they and he
removed to Union county early in 1839. His
father and paternal grandfather were men of
commanding personal presence, fervent piety,
and much native force of intellect. An uncle,
Rev. Samuel Hamilton, was in the early part
of his life, and perhaps to the aj*e of fifty
years, a man of very superior gifts. The mother
of the deceased—of the family of the Spring-
ers—like her kinsmen, was distinguished by
great force of character. She was diffident,
quiet, with deep piety, untiring energy, and
strong, vigorous intellect. The paternal and
maternal ancestors belonged to the class of
independent farmers. The father died only a
few months since in the seventy-ninth year of
his age ; and though he raised twelve children,
| ten sons and two daughters, every one of whom
was living when the youngest reached majority,
yet it is said and truly "that he did not live
long enough ever to have heard one of his
children swear an oath, to see one chew or
( smoke tobacco, or to know of one ever having
j been intoxicated, or even to have taken a dram
! at a place of public drinking." The energy,
industry, and pure morality of the parents were
inherited by their children, including the de-
ceased. Up to his eighteenth year he labored
assiduously on the paternal farm in Muskin-
gum, with the ordinary advantages of common
i schools for two or three months each winter
during the latter half of this period. After
the removal to Union county, for two years he
1 directed and with great energy and determin-
ation assisted the labor by which the father's
newly acquired forest of fifteen hundred acres
was in rapid process of being converted into
delightful farms. During his twentieth and
twenty-first years he devoted about eighteen
months with great industry in improving his
education at Granville college. lie early gave
evidence of superior intellectual power, and
during the years of his farm labor he was a
daily student of history, biography, or other
works. His early but well-read library con-
sisted of Weem's Life of Washington, the Life
of Marion, History of Western Adventures,
Goodrich's History of the United States, his-
tories of Rome and Greece, and American
biography, to which were added by his uncle,
Rev. C. Springer. Johnson's Rambler, Bos-
well's Life of Johnson, and the Spectator.
Upon the removal to the forest home in Union
county a good supply of work3 of standard
poets was added—those of Pollok, Milton,
Shakspeare, Pope, Goldsmith, Campbell,
Lamb, Kirke White, and liodgers, not omitting
Burns.
Though few, if any, surpassed Mr. Hamilton,
on that great forest farm in daily labor, yet he
was a devoted and industrious student of these
great masters. He realized the necessity of
great application to develop the mind and
store it with abundant knowledge, and he has
illustrated the words of a great author of
antiquity:
"Nil sine magno,
Vita labore dedid mortalibus;"
or, as Wirt has, with some latitude, translated
it into his own almost unrivaled eloquence:
"There is no excellence without great labor.
It is the fiat of fate from which no power of
genius can absolve."
The age of twenty-two found this rising man
a fine English scholar, with a rare knowledge
of the authors I have named, and of that book
of books, the Bible, which a father's care
and a mother's love had earnestly and always
taught him to study, to reverence, and to obey ;
whose precepts he accepted and through life
made a rule of practice and of faith by prac-
tice, rather than in professions, or in adher-
ence to any particular aridi«8tablished school
of doctrine. Of him it may be truly said "he
loved virtue for virtue's sake," and with a firm
belief in the truths of Christianity his " life
was in the right."
He continued his agricultural pursuits up to
about the year 1847. In the mean time, about
1845, he held the office and performed the
duties of land appraiser and assessor in his
county. In 1850 he was elected a member of
the constitutional convention which, during its
sittings in 1850 and 1851, framed the pres-
ent constitution of the State of Ohio. He
was soon after admitted to the bar and en-
gaged in the practice of the law. About the
same time he became the editor and proprietor
of the Marysville Tribune, which he conducted
wuh marked ability, contributing much to
mold the political and moral sentiment of the
community in which he resided.
In 1856 and 1857 he represented his district
