1868.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
Laws of the United States.
40th Cong....2fi Sess,
the deputy collector of the port of New York,
on the twenty-ninth day of November, eight-
een hundred and sixty-seven, on account of
the payment of said dutv.
Approved, March 12,"1868.
No. 22.—A Resolution instructing the Super-
intendent of the Asylum for the Insane in
the District of Columbia to admit James
Mcintosh on the same footing as Indigent
Insane Persons of the District.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the superintendent
of the Asylum for the Insane in the District
of Columbia be, and is hereby, authorize d to
admit to said asylum James Mcintosh, on the
same footing as other indigent insane persons
of the District.
Approved, March 12, 1868.
No. 26.—-A Resolution for the Relief of the
Heirs of Major A. L. Brewer, late a Pay-
master in the United States Army.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the proper acounting
officers of theTreasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized and required to enter a credit of
three thousand six hundred and thirty-six dol-
lars on the account of Major A. L. Brewer,
paymaster in the Army, who, with his clerk,
Robert F. Brewer, was destroyed by the ex-
plosion of the steamer J. It. Carter on the Mis-
sissippi river, and which sum stands charged
against the said Major Brewer as a balance
against him on his accounts in the Treasury
Department.
Approved, March 30, 1808.
No. 27.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Beals and Dixon.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to
cause the accounts of Beais and Dixon, for the
delivery of material after May first, eighteen
hundred and sixty-one, under their contracts
with the United States, to be adjusted and paid,
allowing to said Beals and Dixon such addi-
tional prices for material delivered after May
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, as they
may be justly entitled to under the provisions
of tlicir supplementary contract dated Janu-
ary first, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, the
same to be adjusted by the proper officer and
in the manner named in the contract.
Approved, April 11, 18G8.
No. 29.—A Resolution for the Relief of George
W. Doty, a Commander in the United States
Navy on the Retired List.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the name of George
W. Doty, commander United States Navy, be
placed upon the Navy Register as a com-
mander, from the sixteenth day of July, eight-
een hundred and sixty-two, the date of his
commission.
Approved, May 19, 1868.
No. So.—Joint Resolution for the Restoration
of Captain James F. Armstrong, United
States Navy, to the Active List from the
Retired List.
Re it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the President of the
LTnited States be authorized to nominate, and,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate. to appoint Captain James F. Armstrong |
to (he active list of the Navy, with the rank to j
which lie may be entitled thereon. j
Approved, June 11, 1868. i
No. 86.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
John M. Palmer.
Whereas John M. Palmer, of Nashville,
Tennessee, on the twenty-seventh August,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, contracted
with the quartermasters' department of the
United States to manufacture and deliver fifty-
two thousand two hundred coffins, for the in-
terment of deceased Union soldiers at Natchez,
Vicksburg, and Corinth, Mississippi; Mem-
phis, Pittsburg Landing, Fort Donelson, and
Nashville, Tennessee; and Marietta, Georgia;
and also to erect fences for the national ceme-
teries at Natchez, Vicksburg, and Corinth,
Mississippi; and at Memphis, Fort Donelson,
Stone River, and Pittsburg Landing, Tennes-
see; and whereas by the malicious destruction
of saidPalmer's steam saw-mill and machinery
by rebel incendiaries, and the loss of lumber
by providential floods, but by no fault or neg-
lect of his own, he has failed to fully com-
plete his said contract, and has incurred for-
feitures to the Government thereon: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep ■
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That said John M. Palmer
be, and he is hereby, relieved from all stop-
pages and forfeitures on account of his failure
to deliver coffins under said contract: And be
it further resolved, That the Quartermaster
General is hereby authorized and directed to
adjust and settle the further claim of said John
M. Palmer for erecting fences around the said
national cemeteries by an additional allowance
of seven thousand two hundred and eighty-
three dollars and seventy cents, to be paid
from the appropriation provided in an act en-
titled "An act to establish and protect national
cemeteries," approved February twenty-sec-
ond, eighteen hundred and sixty-seven, and
the accounting officers of the Treasury are
authorized to audit the same, in conformity
herewith.
Sec. 2. Andbeit further resolved, That the
chieLgtiar-termaster of the military department
of the Cumberland, in addition to the contract
price of ninety cents for each coffin manufac-
tured by the said John M. Palmer, under his
contract aforesaid, of the date of the twenty-
seventh of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, cause to be paid out of any money under
his control unto the said John M. Palmer the
further sum of twelve thousand seven hundred
and sixteen dollars and thirty cents for manu-
facturing and delivering said cotlins: Provided,
That the taid John M. Palmer shall, in con-
formity with the provisions of his contract
aforesaid, well and truly manufacture and
deliver all the cotlins which he is thereby still
required to manufacture and deliver.
Approved, June 17, 1*868.
No. 41.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
Robert L. Lindsay.
Be itresolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress asse?nblcd, That the Paymaster Gen-
eral of the Army be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed to pay to Robert L. Lindsay,
late of the fiftieth regiment Missouri volun-
teers, the full pay and allowances of a second
lieutenant of infantry from the third day of
August, eighteen hundred nnd sixty-four, to the
thirtieth day of November, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four.
Approved. June 25, 1868.
No. 45.—Joint Resolution to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to remit the Duties on
certain Articles contributed to the National
Association of American Sharpshooters.
Be itresolvedby the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America, in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized to
remit the duties on all prizes contributed to the
National Association of Ameiican Sharpshoot-
ers for the third American shooting festival, by
friends and kindred associations in Europe,
which maybe imported into the United States
prior to the sixth day of July, eighteen hundred
and sixty-eight: Provided, That the value of
the prizes so contributed and imported shall
not exceed the aggregate sum of one thousand
dollars in currency.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
No. 46.—Joint Resolution to authorize the
Enlargement of the Hvgeia Hotel, at Fort-
ress Monroe, Virginia.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress_ assembled, That the Secretary of War
be, and he is hereby, authorized to grant per-
mission to Henry Clark, proprietor of the
Hygeia Hotelat Fortress Monroe, Virginia, to
enlarge the said hotel in such a manner as may
be compatible with the interests of the United
States : Provided, That such enlargement, or
any building hereafter erected by any person or
persons upon the lands of the United States at
Fortress Monroe, shall be at once removed, at
the expense of the respective owners, whenever
the Secretary of War shall deem such removal
necessary, and no claim for damages therefor
shall be made upon the Government of the
United States: And provided further. That
the building so to be enlarged shall be subject
to taxation under State and national authority
the same as other property.
Approved, June 25, 1868.
No. 50.—A Resolution for the Relief of George
W. Doty, a Commander in the United States
Navy, on the Retired List.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the name of George
W. l)oty, commander United States Navy, be
placed upon the Navy Register as a commander,
from the sixteenth day of July, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, with the pay-o+'sndi rank
to the date of his commission.
Approved, July 3, 1808.
No. 03.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of
John Sedgwick, Collector of Internal Rev-
enue Third District California.
Beit resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized and
directed to pay, out of any money not other-
wise appropriated, to John Sedgwick, collector
of internal revenue for the third districtof Cal-
ifornia, the sum of three thousand five hun-
dred dollars, or so much thereof as the proper
accounting officer shall, from satistactory
vouchers, determine necessary to secure him
a salary of that amount for the fiscal year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred andsixiy-
four, in addition to the amount be [lie] neces-
sarily paid out in currency in the discharge of
his official duties for said year.
Approved, July 7, 1868.
No. 57.—Joint Resolution in Relation to the
Settlement of the Accounts of certain Offi-
cers and Agents who have disbursed Public
Money under the Direction of the Chief of
Eugineers.
Be it resolved, by the Senate and Honseof Rep-
resentatives of the United Stales of America in
Congress assembled, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, in settlement of the accounts of Cap-
tain George W. Cullum, Captain James B.
MePherson, Captain Charles E. Blunt, and
Lieutenant John C. Palfrey, of the corps of
engineers, to allow to the credit of Captain
Cullum the amount receipted for to him by
Charles H. Bigelow; to the credit of Captain
James B. MePherson and Captain C. E. Blunt
