1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
word he uttered; never offensive, but always
positive.
During Mr. Hamilton's service in the Ohio
Senate, he gained for himselt'an enviable repu-
tation for ability and integrity, by his success-
ful efforts in ferreting out and exposing the
fraudulent designs of a powerful combination '
then existing in Ohio, for the purpose of con-
trolling the public works of the State, and even
the State treasury. I well remember how earn-
estly he labored in that cause, and how indig-
nantly he spurned the numerous attempts which
were made by interested parties to divert him
from his purpose. _ The plunderers of the pub-
lic treasury found in him a public servant who
could neither be driven or corrupted. The
State of Ohio owes him a debt of gratitude for :
his services in that contest. j
I had not seen much of Mr. Hamilton after '
he left the Ohio Senate, until he came to Wash-
ington last spring to take his seat as a member
of the Fortieth Congress. Knowing his supe-
rior qualities as a man and as a statesman, I
was most happy to greet him once more as a
colleague, feeling assured that he would be
one of the most useful members of this Con-
gress and command respect from all. Only
those who knew him well can fully appreciate
his loss to this body and to the country.
Mr. Speaker, I never had the pleasure of
enjoying the society of Mr. Hamilton at his
home, in private and social life, but during all
his stay in Washington I was with him more
or less every day, and we spent many hours
together in walks and at our rooms. He was
a social, kind, and genial companion, very fond
of conversing with his friends, always cheerful
and hopeful when they were desponding. His
opinions on the topics of the day, whether
political, moral, or religious, were never con-
cealed or doubtful. He spent much of his 1
time when not engaged in public affairs in read- j
ing religious books. I was in his room the ;
night before he was called home until a late
hour. He had been reading Gezot's Medita-
tions on the Essence of Christianity, and that !
furnished the principal topic of our conversa- 1
tion. He was a firm believer in the Christian I
religion and in the immortality of the soul; '
but his mind appeared to rise entirely above
mere sectarianism, and to rest upon the broad
principles or essence of Christianity, embrac-
ing the divine love of all mankind. He seemed
to be endowed with that spirit of Christianity
which has been denominated by a recent author j
u the enthusiasm of humanity;" and upon that1
subject he was himself enthusiastic. With him i
the brotherhood and natural equality of all j
men was a divine truism and the groundwork
of all just social and political action. No
donbt lingered in his mind as to the final tri- i
umph of that principle; but in the advocacy of ;
his views he set aside all sectarian and party !
shackles. Appeals to his judgment always !
received his most earnest consideration, but j
any attempt at party dictation met his indig- j
nantcontempt. [Jnwaveringin his party attach-
ments from a firm conviction that the success
of that party was necessary for the future wel-
fare of the nation, and the final triumph of
the principles of universal liberty and equality
which he believed to be absolutely necessary
to the permanence of free institutions, yet he
never permitted party considerations to influ-
ence him to do an act which he believed to be
wrong. j
Mr. Speaker, I might fill many pages with
truthful eulogy upon the virtues of our departed
friend, but I leave the rest to others. All is
comprehended in the declaration, which I feel
perfectly justified in making, that in his death
the nation has lost a patriot and all mankind a
friend. j
Mr. WELKER. Mr. Speaker, I feel that I
ought not to allow this occasion to pass with-
out saying a few words in relation to my de-
Farted friend and late colleague. In doing so
cannot hope to add anything to what has '
already been, in fitting words, so eloquently j!
said by my colleagues. But my personal rela- il
tions to him, and my high esteem for him while
living, now that these friendly ties are sundered
forever, induce me to make a few remarks by
way of additional tribute to his memory.
Stricken down in the full vigor of manhood,
in perfect health, without one moment's warn-
ing, his fate should teach us n solemn lesson.
How great are the uncertainties of life ! In the
very triumphs of success, in the midst of its
sweetest and proudest enjoyments, "the sil-
ver cordis loosed" and " the golden bowl is
broken."
Human life has been likened to " a snow-
flake upon a river—a moment here, then gone
forever." Or, as an old author well says:
"Grass, smoke, a flower, a vapor, shade, a span,
Serve to illustrate this frail life of man."
This sad dispensation of Divine Providence
should admonish us to be ready for that hour
when we, too, maybe called to our final home.
Mr. Hamilton was born in Ohio in 1821.
His life and career is a fine illustration of west-
ern energy and perseverance. Born before any
common-school system was established in his
native State, his early opportunities for educa-
tion were very limited. He and the associates of
hisboyhoodsawno "flowery beds of ease'' along
their rugged pathway. In the deprivations of
new settlements, withfewand fardistantschool-
houses, it was no easy matter to acquire even
the rudiments of education. It is said by the
Greeks that the " gods sell everything to labor.''
Reared to labor, without pecuniary means,
he, like many of his associates of that day, was
compelled "to paddle his own canoe," which
he did with a strong arm and bold heart.
Hard study, hard work, self-denial, poverty,
and obscurity were his companions in early
life. With lofty ambition, a heart confident
of ultimate success, with a mind that never
swerved from its purpose, he never faltered in
life's bitterest struggles. In his darkest days
and gloomiest prospects he never j
" Bated a jot of heart nor hope, |
But bore up and steered right onward."
It is the pride of this country that here ambi-
tion does its own climbing. With us there is
no royal road to success in life. No "enlight-
ened few" crowd the avenues to distinction and ;
fame, to the exclusion of the "many." The
highest places in the country are open to the
most obscure boy in the broad land. All may
aspire to be great and the associates of the dis-
tinguished. |
Deeply imbued with these American senti-
ments, with a true and high ambition to make
himself useful in his day and generation, Mr.
Hamilton commenced the great battle of life.
It is now ended, leaving to us its results.
What he accomplished—the high and respon-
sible positions he attained—his faithful dis-
charge of their various responsibilities—have
already been spoken of by my colleagues, and
I will not repeat them.
As his friend of many years, I feel at liberty
to speak of his ability and character. He was
no ordinary man. He was endowed with a high
order of intellect; not great genius, but uncom-
mon mental capacity. His strong practical
common sense, his clear and comprehensive
mind, enabled him to appreciate and under-
stand, beyond ordinary men, the great ques-
tions upon which he was called to act. These
qualifications would have made him a valuable
member of this body.
Possessed of generous impulses, fine social
qualities, he attached to himself, with hooks of
steel, all who were so fortunate as to make his
intimate acquaintance. High-minded and hon-
orable, he despised mean actions, and emu-
lated magnanimous and good ones.
Fearless and independent in thought, he
never hesitated to express his convictions at
all times and upon all proper occasions.
Honest and straightforward, with a courage
rarely excelled, he never "trimmed" his
course to suit the popular breeze. What he
believed to be right he endeavored to reach
without circumlocution. With the largest and
broadest charity for all opinions he freely ex-
amined all, whether sanctified by antiquity or
of recent growth, in order to find Right and
Truth in reference to all subjects of discussion.
No man in private or public life was more
loved and respected by his acquaintances than
lie for his many sterling qualities. A true
friend and honest counselor, he possessed the
entire confidence of all hisassociat.es. Liberal to
a fault, ho was at the head of all benevolent
enterprises at his home, contributing his money
and his time to the cause of humanity. Whether
as a layvver, an editor, a Senator, or a member
of Congress—an officer or private citizen—he
at all times sustained himself with honor and
credit, never shrinking from a fearless and hon-
est discharge of his duty, never seeking to
avoid the stern responsibilities thrown upon
him.
By his untiring industry, his great energy,
high character, and ability he had won for him-
self a proud position in his State.
During the time of the nation's struggle for
existence in the recent rebellion he was a most
active worker, contributing his time, his ener-
gies, and means to save the Republic. No truer
friend of his country and all its great interests
participated in the stirring scenes through which
we have just passed.
Although not active in the daily transactions
of this House, yet he took a deep interest in all
that was done; and by his advice and thorough
examination of all questions, exercised great
influence in its legislation.
In his death the country, his State, and his
district have sustained a great loss ; his family
and immediate friends an irreparable one. ^
The resolutions were adopted unanimously.
And then, in accordance with the concluding
resolution, the Speaker (at two o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) declared the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
J3y Mr. ADAMS: The petition of sundry
citizens of Kentucky, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Barboursville to
Boston, in that State.
By Mr. BARNUM: The petition of E. S.
Davis and others, to secure the rights of natu-
ralized citizens.
Also, the petition of citizens of the United
States, praying an appropriation for the re-
moval of obstructions which impede the navi-
gation of the East river approach to New York
harbor at Hell Gate.
By Mr. HULBURD : The petition of Albert
Hobbsand numerous others, citizens of Frank-
lin county, New York, relative to the rights,
&c., of naturalized citizens.
Also, resolutions of a public meeting held
at Malone, New York, oil the same subject.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The petition of Mrs.
Jane Abbott, widow of Commodore Blakeley,
formerly of the United States Navy, asking for
a pension.
Also, the petition of citizens and others of
Perquimans county, North Carolina, to change
the port of entry and headquarters of the Albe-
marle district from its present location at Ply-
mouth to Edenton.
By Mr. OIITH: The petition from sundry
citizens of Indiana, asking for pensions to the
soldiers of the war of 1812.
By Mr. POLSLEY: The petition of L. A.
Phelps, late major fifth Virginia infantry, for
relief. ,
By Mr. PERHAM: The memorial of Mrs.
Barbara Wetteroth, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Gil-
bert, Bush & Co., and 112 others, citizens of
Troy, New York, praying Congress not to dis-
turb the present system of national banks.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of William llittenhouse, of Marietta,
Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, for a pen-
sion.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: The
petition of 220 citizens and tax payers of Wil-
