1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
721
be settled by the Departments or the courts,
whether the previous bill was a law or not,
because it would only be a piece of unneces-
sary legislation to puss the second bill it' the
first one hud become law. So we have done
nothing to commit ourselves to the view of the
President.
Now, one word (and I do not want to occupy
the morning hour with extended debate) as to
the other branch of my friend's proposition.
He says that Congress is adjourned, in the
language of the Constitution, when each body
with the consent of the other adjourns for
more than three days, and the bill is therefore
prevented, in the language of the Constitution,
from being returned. I wish to submit it to him
whether the true construction of that phrase is
not an adjournment of Congress as the legisla-
tive body, the practical termination of its legis-
lative functions as such ? whereas the language
of the Constitution touching the adjournment
of each House is simply a limitation upon the
power of each House to adjourn itself for more
than three days without the consent of the
other; and therefore under the Constitution
it would be perfectly lawful, I think, for the
Senate, with the consent of the House of Rep-
resentatives, to adjourn for a week, or two
weeks, or two months, although the House
might continue in session all the time. That ;
would not be an adjournment of Congress.
Now, suppose that the same resolution contains
a mutual consent, which is the effect of these
concurrent resolutions, how does that alter the
case'/ It therefore appears to me to be far
from an adjournment of Congress because it j
happens that each House, consenting to the j
adjournment of the other, adjourns at the same :
time for the same length of time. That is
the view on the other side. I merely state it
now that both views may be considered together.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, I sup-
pose that in case one House only adjourns,
after having asked the consent of the other, if
the House in which the bill originated still con-
tinues in session the bill would have to be
returned within ten days.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose it did not remain
in session, what then?
Mr. BUCKALEVV. That is another case.
I am answering the one the Senator put.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to suggest
that the term "adjournment," which is the
subject of comment now, in the place where it
occurs in the Constitution, should be inter-
preted to be an adjournment sine die-, that
is, such an adjournment as brings an existing
session of Congress to a complete close. If
we give to it that interpretation then of course
the action of the President is inappropriate.
But I do not wish certainly to dogmatize on a
question of that kind ; I think it is open, per-
haps, to serious discussion, and I am very glad
that it is to be referred to our Judiciary Com-
mittee, who I hope will furnish us a report
which will enable us to arrive to a binding
conclusion for the future.
As to the instance to which the Senator from
Pennsylvania has referred, by which, as he sug-
gests, Congress has already interpreted this
clause, I wish to suggest that it seems to me
he attaches to it too much significance. I had
the honor of introducing that bill myself, and
1 know that in introducing it I had no purpose
of making any concession on this question. I
did it in order to speed the bill. It seemed to
me at the time and under the circumstances
better to push the bill in that way, and for the
present waive the question of interpretation.
I did not believe, however, that I or any of
those who voted for the bill at that time would
bind themselves as to the interpretation of that
word in the Constitution for the future. I do
not believe they did. I believe that to all
intents and purposes it is still an open ques-
tion, not controlled by any precedent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, to refer the message to the Committee on
the Judiciary and order it to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 4fi.
ADDITIONAL BOUNTY. !
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of .
Representatives to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (II. R. No. 127) in relation to
additional bounty; and, on motion of Mr.
Wilson, the bill and amendments were ordered
to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FERRY. I present ccrtain resolutions
in the nature of a memorial adopted at a meet-
ing of the citizens of Bridgeport, Connecticut,
on the 17 th of January, 1SG8, wherein they say
that the question of American citizenship is an
American question, and that when the Govern-
ment of the United States has accepted the
allegiance of any person of foreign birth it is
its right and its duty to give him protection as
such citizen everywhere, and they earnestly
call upon the Representatives and Senators of
the American people in Congress assembled to
take such action as will assore the people that
they are the citizens of a Government which
will defend and protect them against all inva-
sions of their rights everywhere ; at home or
abroad. In presenting these resolutions I de-
sire simply to say that I entirely concur with
the principle and object of them, and I believe
Congress will speedily adopt measures which
will secure the accomplishment of the wishes
of the memorialists. I move their reference to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Sir. CORBETT presented a petition of citi-
zens of the Pacific coast, asking that cotton be
admitted free of duty and that the duties on
bags be the same as the duties on the material
out of which they are manufactured; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of George
Henry Preble be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
! Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
! (H. R. No. 223) in relation to islands in the
Great Miami river, reported it with an amend-
1 ment.
! Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the bill
(H. II. No. 208) extending the time for the
completion of the Dubuque and Sioux City
railroad, reported it without amendment.
! Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 184) granting a pension to. Mrs. Ann
Corcoran, reported it without, amendment,
j He also, from the same committee, to whom
! was referred the petition of Michael Hennessy,
i reported a bill (S. No. 280) granting a pension
i to Michael Hennessy, of Platte county, Mis-
i souri; which was read, and passed to the sec-
j ond reading.
I He also, from the same committee, to whom
t was referred the petition of Anne Dycher, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 281) granting a pension
to Anne Dycher, widow of MathewD. Dycher;
which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
I He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Annie 13. Dixon,
reported a bill (S. No. 282) granting a pension
to Annie E. Dixon; which was read, and
passed to the second reading.
! Mr. VAN WINKLE. The same committee,
to whom was referred the petition of Nathan-
1 iel Bragdon, praying an increase of pension,
ask to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, on the ground that if the allegations set
forth in the petition are true the party can get
his pension at the Pension Office; and this
report is without prejudice to any future appli-
cation he may make here.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the petition of
Mary C. Ringold, praying an increase of pen-
sion, submitted an adverse report thereon, and
asked that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition; which
was agreed lo.
Mr. HILLEY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 2-111 authorizing the
Commissioner of Patents to pay certaii em-
ployes of the Patent Office for services ren-
dered, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAJISEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of Robert Robinson, praying com-
pensation for services rendered as special agent
of the Post Office Department, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. II. No.
65) for the relief of Leonard J. Smith, for car-
rying the United States mails from Great Salt
Lake City, Utah, to Bannock City, Montana
Territory, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to, and
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Committee
on Appropriations, to whom was referred the
action of the House of Representatives upon
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 320) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the exe
cution of the reconstruction laws and for the
service of the quartermaster's department of
the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30, 18C8, and for other purposes, have in-
structed me to report it back and recommend
that the Senate recede from its fourteenth
amendment and non concur in the amend-
ment of the House to the third amendment of
the Senate. Those are the only questions now
pending between the tivo Houses on this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The four-
teenth amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the fourteenth amend-
ment of the Senate, which was to add the fol-
lowing additional section ;
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That so much of
the first section of the act of March 3, 1809, entitled
" An aet further to amend the several acts lor ti e
establishment and regulation of the Treasury, War,
and Navy Departments,'' as nnthoiizes the Presi-
dent on the application of the Secretary of any De-"
partment to transfer the moneys appropriated for
a pai ticular branch of that Department to anoLher
branch of expenditure in the game Department, be,
And the same is hereby, repealed;  nd all acts or
| parte of acts authorizing such transfers of appropnia-
^ tion be, and the same are hereby, repealed; and no
! money appropiiated for one purpose shall hereafter
\ be used tor any other purpose than that for which it
| is appropriated.
! Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I will say for
: the information of the Senate that 1 understand
the reason of the House of Representatives to be
that they have already a bill upon that subject,
which is supposed to be more perfect and bet-
ter to secure the objects contemplated by this
* amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senate will not
recede. It seems to me that it will be ample
time for us to take action based upon what the
House of Representatives may do when the
House has passed such a bill as it is supposed
' it may pass. The House has passed no such
! bill at this time, I apprehend, and it is alto-
gether doubtful whether it will pass it or not.
At any rate, we have a right to presume that
it will be contested there, and is as apt not to
pass as to pass.
Mr. President, we must do something of this
sort, or else it will be utterly impossible for us
' to keep any track of the appropriations that
\ are made by Congress. 1 am disposed to tell
j the Senate one reason why I voted in favor of
; this amendment before, and why 1 hope we
| shall now insist upon it. The fact was devel-
' .oped that the War Department a year ago made
| no estimate whatever for the quartermaster's
j bureau, knowing at the time, however, that
< there would be at least $48,000,000 required
