722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
for quartermasters' purposes. They expected
to fret a transfer from the appropriations that
were made to other branches of the War De-
partment to carry on the expenses of that par-
ticular branch. They expected to obtain, and
did obtain, a transfer of $lo,000,000 from the
commissary department. They expected to
receive, but failed to receive. $16,000,0(H) from
an old appropriation made during the war for
the purpose of raising, equipping, and disci-
plining the militia. They expected to obtain,
and did obtain, a considerable amount irom
quartermasters' stores and other property sold.
But failing to obtain this transfer from an old
appropriation for raising, equipping, and disci-
plining the militia of 1^10.000,000. they were
compelled to come to Congress and ask for a
deficiency of $12,000,000, and show us upon
what they had hitherto based their expendi-
tures. I, as one member of the Committee on
Appropriations and as a member of this body,
thought that it was the duty of the Department
to estimate from the start, and inform the
House of Representatives and Senate exactly
what they wanted, and not go back to an old
appropriation made three or four years before
for a specific purpose, and have that transferred
from the purpose for which we appropriated
it in order to carry on another branch of the
Government.
I could specify a great many other instances
where transfers have been made of this kind.
There is nothing in the world under the act of j
1800 to prevent the Secretary of War, if he
can obtain the consent of the President to that
effect, from transferring an appropriation for
the improvement of a river or harbor in the
West to the construction of a fort on t he Atlantic
coast. The President can, under that act,
transfer any appropriation from any one branch
or bureau of the War Department, or of the
Navy Department, or of the Treasury Depart-
ment, to the prosecution of any other work in
another branch or bureau of the same Depart-
ment. When the House shall have passed their
bill and sent it here I shall vote for it with
great alacrity as cumulative upon the law which
we propose to put upon the statute-book now;
but I trust, we shall not fail to avail ourselves
of the first opportunity to record our condem-
nation of this manner of making transfers from
one bureau to another. ;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Maine,
- that the Senate recede from this amendment. ;
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate non-
concur with the action of the House. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The result
of one motion determines the other, and I think
a motion to recede takes precedence of a motion
to non-concur.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I withdraw that
motion, and move that the Senate insist on its
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatmotion
takes precedence. |
The motion to insist was agreed to. I
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Now I move
that we non-concur in the amendment of the
House to our third amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the third amend-
ment of the Senate, which was to add to that
amendment:
Provided, That no Senator or Representative shall
Teceive any newspapers (except The Congressional
Globe.) or stationery or commutation therefor ex-
ceeding $125 for any one session of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to say
one word in reference to that matter, which I
feel justified in saying by the notice I see of it
in the papers. In the other House some com-
ments seem to have beeu deemed justifiable by
the Representative who had charge of the bill,
in which he said, after recounting the action of
the Senate on the previous deficiency bill:
"Bat instead of doing that they thought they would
bluff the House by cutting it all off and sending to
us a proposition not to receive any stationery. The
House, much to the disappointment of the* Senate I
have no doubt, took up the gauntlet which the Sen-
ate had thrown down and adopted their proposition."
I call the attention of the Senate to that lan-
guage, deeming it wholly unparliamentary and I
out of order, 1 should suppose, in any delib- j
crative body; and that the language maybe
noted as well by the Senate as by the House—
and I think it my duty to say that, instead of
the Senate having acted on that bill in any
such spirit as is supposed by the Representa-
tive whose words I have read, the Senate un-
derstood that the provision contemplated by
the House bill was to relieve the House from
a dilemma into which its members had been
thrown by its own action at previous sessions,
by which they were to receive a much larger
sum than they felt justified in retaining with-
out some explanation—I will read the proviso
in the former bill which justifies this remark:
"That hereafter no member of either House shall
be allowed or paid for newspapers and stationery for
any one year a larger sum than $125 in money or its
value, and no further allowance for stationery and
newspapers shall bo made to any member of the
House of Representatives for tho year ending on the
3d day of March, 1S0S." '
So far as it was a limitation on the amount
which the House had voted themselves and
operated as a restraint to the members of the
House receiving any further sum, of course the
Senate had no objection to it; but here we are
met with the statement in the House of Rep-
resentatives that the Senate was playing bluff
with the House of Representatives. This is,
to my mind, language quite as offensive as it is
possible to employ between the two branches.
1 I move that the Senate non-concur in this
; amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
DESTRUCTION' OF NATIONAL BANK NOTES.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report a bill to further
amend an act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency, secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof," approved June 3,
18G4. This bill will save $200 a day to the
Treasury. It is simply to amend the national
act so as to allow the notes of the national
banks, when returned to the Treasury for can-
cellation or destruction, to be destroyed by
maceration instead of by burning. I ask for
its present consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
j will be read for information.
| The bill was read. It proposes to amend
and reenaet section twenty-four of the act of
I] June 3. 1864, so as to make it read:
1 That it shall be the duty of the Comptroller of the
i Currtncy to receive worn-out or mutilated circulating
notes issued by any such banking associations from
which the signatures of the president and cashier
shall have been punched out, and also, on due proof
of the destruction of any such circulating notes, to
i deliver in place thereof to such association other
blank circulating notes to an equal amount. And
such worn-out or mutilated notes, after a memoran-
dum shall have been entered in the proper books in
accordance with such regulations as may be estab-
lished by the Comptroller, as well as all circulating
notes which shall have been paid or surrendered to be
I canceled, shall be thoroughly macerated in the same
! manner that the legal-tender and other notes and
securities of the United States are now treated, in
the presence of four persons, one to bo appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, one by the Comptrol-
ii ler of the Currency, one by the Treasurer of the
United States, and one by the Register of the Treas-
ury, under such regulations as the Secretary of the
i Treasury may prescribe. And a certificate of such
destruction, signed by tho parties so appointed, shall
be made in the books of the Comptroller and a du-
| plicate thereof forwarded to the association whose
notes are thus canceled, and copies thereof, signed
in like manner, shall be made in the books prepared
for that purpose in the ollioe of the Secretary of the
Treasury, Treasurer of the United States, and the
Register of the Treasury.
The second section of the bill proposes to
amend section forty-three of the same act by
striking out the word " burned" and inserting
the word "destroyed."
Mr. PESSENDEN. What is the use of the
last section of this bill?
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have not the bank-
ing law before me ; but there is a section in it,
the forty-third section, which refers to the
return of bills, and it speaks of their being
"burned." It is now proposed to destroy them
by maceration, and the word "destroyed" is
introduced in order to agree with the principal
section, section twenty-four, which is amended
by this bill. I have here a letter from General
Spinner, the Treasurer of the United States,
suggesting these amendments. 1 took the
trouble to go there and witness the whole pro-
cess, and I am satisfied it is perfectly safe for
the United States and very profitable in the
respect of saving money.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 would inquire of the Sen-
ator if it is not possible to accomplish his object
by reenacting the section which he proposes to
amend, substituting the word "destroyed" for
the word "burned." This introducing a bill
going back to a statute three or four years old,
and proposing to amend that by striking out
the word "burned" in a certain line of a cer-
tain section in that statute, is rather an inarti-
ficial way of drawing statutes.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In preparing the bill
I redrafted section twenty-four of the banking
law, because there are several alterations in
that section necessary, not only by introducing
a statement of the process to be used, but by
the introduction of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency as an officer to be represented, but I did
not think it necessary to redraft section forty-
three, where but one word is changed. The
section only refers to what is to be done with cer-
tain bills, and speaks of their being " burned ;"
and now, as they are not to be burned, we pro-
pose to substitute the word " destroyed."
The bill (S. No. 283) to further amend an
act entitled "An act to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
| redemption thereof," approved June 3, 1864,
j was read three times, and passed.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSE EMPLOYES.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury b«
directed to report, for the information of Congress,
whether the number of employes has recently been
increased in the New York custom-house, and if so,
at what additional expense to the Treasury, and also
1 whether the business at said custom-house is, or has
been, such as to warrant the additional force of em-
ployes since the meetingof Congress in July last, and
also to report what reduction, if any, can be made in
the number of said employes without detriment to
| the public service.
THE FREEDMEN'S BUREAU.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the Bureau of
Refugees, Frcedmen.and Abandoned Lands forward
for the information of the Senate his circular dis-
charging the officers and agents of said bureau on
the lGth of February proximo, in certain States, with
the reports of assistant commissioners and others
detailing the effect of the issue of the said circular
letter.
RELIEF OF DESTITUTE IN THE SOUTH.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 171) for the relief of
destitute persons in the South. It is a short
resolution of three or four lines, and I should
like to put it on its passage now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution, which authorizes
the Secretary of War to issue for the relief of
any and all classes of destitutes in the South
such desiccated potatoes and desiccated mixed
vegetables as have accumulated during the war
and are not needed for use in the Army; the
same to be issued under the direction of the
Commissioner of the Bureau of Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is the order of the day, be-
ing the bill (H. R. No. 439) additional and
supplementary to an act entitled " An act to
provide for the more efficient government of
the rebel States," passed March 2, 1867, and
