1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
House under those constitutions, when the !
thing shall have got beyond our keeping and
they are fully restored to their political rights,
they will then rise up and declare that those
constitutions are not binding upon them, that
they never made them; and they will throw
them off, and with them will go those provisions
which were incorporated therein, declaring that
slavery should never be restored and that their
war debt was repudiated. Those provisions
were put into those constitutions, but they have
never been sanctioned by the people of those
States, and they will cast them out as not being
their act and deed as soon as they shall have
been restored to political power in this Gov-
ernment. Therefore I say that even if he con-
cedes that the President had the power, which
he had not, to start forward in the execution
of this guarantee, there can still be no pretense
that those governments are legal and authorized
and that we are bound to recognize them.
The President of the United States, in his
proclamation, declared that those governments
were to be formed only by the loyal people of
those States; and I beg leave to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to that clause in his procla-
mation of reconstruction. He says:
"And with authority to exercise, within the limits
of said State, ail the powers necessary and proper
to enable such loyal people of the State of Xorth
Carolina to restore said State to its constitutional
relations with the Federal Government."
Again, speaking of the Army :
"And they are enjoined to abstain from in nny
way hindering;, impeding, or discouraging the loyal
people from the organisation of a State government
us herein authorized."
Now, sir, so far from , those State govern-
ments having been organized by the loyal peo-
ple, they were organized by the disloyal; every
office passed into the hands of a rebel; the
Union men had 110 part or lot in those govern-
ments ; and so far from answering the purpose
for which governments are intended, they failed
to extend protection to the loyal men, either
white or black. The loyal men were murdered
with impunity; and I will thank any Senator
upon this floor to point to a single case in any
of the rebel States where a rebel has been
tried and brought to punishment by the civil
authority for the murder of a Union man. Not
one case, I am told, can be found. Those gov-
ernments utterly failed in answering the pur-
pose of civil governments; and not only that,
but they returned the colored people to a con-
dition of quasi slavery; they made them the
.slaves of society instead of being, as they were
before, the slaves of individuals. Under various
forms of vagrant laws they deprived them of
the rights of freemen, and placed them under
the power and control of their rebel masters,
who were filled with hatred and revenge.
But, Mr. President, time passed on. Con-
gress assembled in December, 18G5. For a
time it paused. It di4 not at once annul those
governments. It hesitated. At last, in 180G,
the constitutional amendment, the fourteenth
article, was brought forward as a basis of set-
tlement and reconstruction; and there was a
tacit understanding, though it was not embraced
in any law or resolution, that if the southern
people should ratify and agree to that amend-
ment, then their Stat# governments would be
accepted. But that amendment was rejected,
contemptuously rejected. The southern peo-
ple, counseled and inspired by the Democracy
of the North, rejected thatamendment. They
were told that they ware not bound to submit
to any conditions whatever; that they had for-
feited no rights by rebellion. Why, sir, what
did we propose by thu amendment? By the
first section we declasea that all men born upon
our soil were citizens of the United States—a
thing that had long b#en recognized by every
department of this Government until the Dred
Scott decision was ma|ke in 18.37. The second
section provided that *here a class or race of
men were excluded from the right of suffrage
they should not be counted in the basis of rep-
resentation—an obvious justice that no rea-
sonable man for a moment could deny; that
if four million people down South were to have
no suffrage, the men living in their midst and
surrounding them, and depriving them of all
political rights, should not have members of
Congress on their account. I say the justice
of the second clause has never been success-
fully impugned by any argument, I care not
how ingenious it may be. What was the third
clause? It was that the leaders of the South,
those men who had once taken an official oath
to support the Constitution of the United States
and had afterward committed perjury by go-
ing into the rebellion, should be made ineligi-
ble to any office under the Government of the
United States or of a State. It was a very
small disfranchisement. It was intended to
withhold power from those leaders by whose
instrumentality we had lost nearly half a
million lives and untold treasure. The jus-
tice of that disfranchisement could not be dis-
proved. And what was the fourth clause of
the amendment ? That this Government should
never assume and pay any part of the rebel
debt; that it should never pay the rebels for
their slaves. This was bitterly opposed in the
North as well as in the South. How could
any man oppose that amendment unless he was
in favor of this Government assuming a por-
tion or all of the rebel debt and in favor of
paying the rebels for their slaves ? When the
Democratic party North and South opposed
that most important and perhaps hereafter to
be regarded as vital amendment they were com-
mitting themselves in principle, as they had been
before by declaration, to the doctrine that this
Government was bound to pay for the slaves,
and that it was just and right that we should
assume and pay the rebel debt.
This amendment, as I have before said, was
rejected, and when Congress assembled in De-
cember, 186(5, they were confronted by the fact
that every proposition of compromise had been
rejected ; every half-way measure had been
spurned by the rebels themselves, and they had
nothing left to do but to begin the work of
reconstruction themselves; and in February,
1867, Congress for the first time entered upon
: the execution of the guarantee provided for in
the Constitution by the passage of the first re-
construction law. A supplementary bill was
found necessary in March, another one iu July,
and I believe another is found necessary at this
time; but the power is with Congress. What-
: ever it shall deem necessary, whether it be in the
way of colored suffrage, whether it be in the
way of military power—whatever Congress
' shall deem necessary in the execution of this
i guarantee is conclusive upon the courts, upon
every State, and upon the people of this nation,
i Sir, when Congress entered upon this work
j it had become apparent to all men that loyal
republican State governments could not be
erected and maintained upon the basis of the
! white population. We had tried them. C011-
' gress had attempted the work of reconstruc-
tion through the constitutional amendment by
leaving the suffrage with the white men, and
j by leaving with the white people of the South
the question as to when the colored people
i should exercise the right of suffrage, if ever;
but when it was found that those white men
i were as rebellious as ever, that they hated this
Government more bitterly than ever; when it
was found that they persecuted the loyal men,
both white and black, in their midst; when it
was found that northern men who had gone
down there were driven out by social tyranny,
| by a thousand annoyances, by the insecurity
j of life and property, then it became apparent
i to all men of intelligence that reconstruction
j could not take place upon the basis of the
i white population, and something else must be
done.
| Now, sir, what was there left to do? Either
1 we must hold these people continually by mil-
itary power, or we must use such machinery
upon such a new basis as would enable loyal
republican State governments to be raised up;
and in the last resort, and I will say Congress
waited long, the nation waited long, experience
had to come to the rescue of reason before the
thing was done—in the last resort, and as the
j last thing to be done, Congress determined to
; dig through all the rubbish, dig through the
■ soil and the shifting sands, and go down to the
, eternal rock, and there, upon the basis of the
everlasting principle of equal and exact jus-
tice to all men, we have planted the column of
reconstruction; and, sir, it will arise slowly
but surely, and "the gates of hell shall not
prevail against it." Whatever dangers we
apprehend from the introduction of the right
of suffrage of seven hundred thousand men.
just emerged from slavery, were put aside in
the presence of a greater danger. Why, sir,
let me say frankly to my friend from Wiscon-
sin that I approached universal colored suf-
frage in the South reluctantly. Not because I
adhered to the miserable dogma that this was
the white man's Government, but because I
entertained fears about at once entrusting a
large body of men just from slavery, to whom
education had been denied by law, to whom
the marriage relation had been denied, who
had been made the basest and most abject
slaves, with political power. And as the Sen-
ator has referred to a speech which I made in
Indiana in 1865, allow me to show the princi-
ple that then actuated me, for in that speech I
said:
" In regard to the question of admitting the freed-
men of the southern States to vote, while I admit tho
equal rightsof all men,and that in time all men will
. have the right to vote without distinction of color or
race. I yet believe that in the case of four million of
slaves just freed from bondage there should be a
period of probation and preparation before they aro
;, brought to the exercise of political powor."
Such was my feeling at that time, for it had
not then been determined by the bloody ex-
perience of the last two years that we could
not reconstruct upon the basis of the white
population, and such was the opinion of a great
majority of the people of the North; and it
was not until a year and a half after that time
that Congress came to the conclusion that there
was no way left but to resort to colored suffrage
and suffrage to all men except those who were
disqualified by the commission of high crimes
and misdemeanors.
Mr. President, we hear much said in the
course of this debate and through the press
about the violation of the Constitution. It is
said that in the reconstruction measures of
Congress we have gone outside of the Consti-
tution, and the remark of some distinguished
statesman of the Republican party is quoted
to that effect. Sir, if any leading Republican
has ever said so he spoke only for himself, not
for another. I deny the statement in toto. I
insist that these reconstruction measures are
as fully within the powers of the Constitution
as any legislation that can be had not only by
reason but by authority. And who are the
men that are talking so much about the viola-
tion of the Constitution and who pretend to be
the especial friends of that instrument? The
1 great mass of them only three years ago were
j in arms to overturn the Constitution and es-
I tablish that of Montgomery in its place, or were
i their northern friends, who were aiding and
) sympathizing in that undertaking.
I I had occasion the other day to speak of
! what was described as a constitutional Union
man—a man living inside of the Federal lines
I during the war, sympathizing with the rebel-
j lion, and who endeavored to aid the rebellion
I by insisting that every war measure for the
! purpose of suppressing it was a violation of
the Constitution of the United States. Now,
; these men who claim to be the especial friends
i of the Constitution are the men who have sought
! to destroy it by force of arms, and those through-
out the country who have given them aid and
comfort. Sir, you will remember that once a
celebrated Frenchwoman was being dragged to
the scaffold and as she passed the statue of lib-
erty she exclaimed : "How many crimes have
been committed in thy name and I can say
to the Constitution, how many crimes against
liberty, humanity, and progress are being com-
mitted in thy name by these men who, while
they loved not the Constitution and sought its
destruction, now, for party purposes, claim to
be its especial friends.
