726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
My friend from Wisconsin yesterday com-
pared what he called the Radical party of the
North to the radicals of the South, and when
he was asked the question by some Senator,
''who r.re the radicals of the South,'' he said,
''they arc the secessionists.Sir, the seces-
sionists of the South are Democrats to-day,
acting in harmony and concert with the Demo-
cratic party. They were Democrats during the
war who prayed for the success of McClellnn
and Pendleton, and who would have been glad
to vote for them. They were Democrats during
the war, men who sympathized with the rebel-
lion, who aided in bringing it on. These are
the radicals of the South, and my friend from
Wisconsin, after all, is acting with that radical
party.
The burden of his speech yesterday was that
the reconstruction measures of Congress are
intended to establish negro supremacy. Sir,
this proposition is without any foundation what-
ever. 1 believe it was stated yesterday by the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Tri'Mbi'i.l] that in
every State but two the white voters registered
out-numbered the colored voters ; and the fact
that in two States the colored voters out-num-
ber the white voters is owing to the simple
accident that there are more colored men in
those States than there are white men. Con-
gress has not sought to establish negro suprem-
acy, nor has it souglrt to establish the suprem-
acy of any class or party of men. If it had
sought to establish negro supremacy it would
have been an easy matter by excluding from
the right of suffrage all men who had been con-
cerned in the rebellion, in accordance with the
proposition of the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumver,] in his speech
at Worcester, in 1865. He proposed to exclude
all men who had been concerned in the rebel-
lion and confer suffrage only on those who
were left. That would have established negro
supremacy by giving the negroes an overwhelm-
ing majority in every State ; and if that had
been the object of Congress it could have been
readily done. But, sir, Congress has only
sought to divide the political power between
the loyal and the disloyal. It has disfranchised
some fifty thousand disloyal leaders, leaving
all the rest of the people to vote. They have
been enfranchised on both sides, that neither
should be placed in the power of the other.
The rebels have the right to vote so that tliey
shall not be under the control and power of
the Union men only, and the Union men have
been allowed to vote so that they shall not be
under the control and power of the rebels.
This is the policy, to divide the political power
among those men for the protection of each.
Sir, the charge that we intend to create a negro
supremacy or colored State governments is
without the slightest foundation, for it would
have been in the power of Congress to have
easily conferred such supremacy by simply ex-
cluding the disloyal from the right of suffrage—
a power which it had the clear right to exercise.
Now, Mr. President, allow me to consider
for a moment the amendment- offered by the
Senator from Wisconsin, and upon which his
speech was made, and see what is its effect—
1 will not say its purpose, but its inevitable
effect—should it become a law. I will ask the
Secretary to read the amendment which the
Senator from Wisconsin has proposed to the
Senate.
The Secretary read as follows:
Provided, nevertheUm, That upon an election for
tbe ratification ot any constitution, or of officers
under tbe same, previous to its adoption in any
State no person not having the qualifications of an
elector under the constitution and laws of such State
previous to the late rebellion shall be allowed to
vote, unless lie shall possess one of the following
qualifications, namely:
1. lie shall have served as a soldier in the Federal
Army for one year or more.
2. He shall have sufficient education to read the
Constitution of the United States and to subscribe
his name to an oath to support the same; or,
3. He shall be seized in bis own right, or in the
right of his wife, of a freehold of the value of $250.
Mr. MORTON. Sir, these qualifications are,
by the terms of the amendment, to apply to
those who were not authorized to vote by the
laws of the State before the rebellion—in other
words, the colored men. He proposes to allow
a colored man to vote if ho lias been in the
Federal Army one year, and he proposes to
allow a rebel white man to vote, although he
has served in the rebel army four years! He
proposes that a eolored man shall not vote
unless he has sufficient education to read the
Constitution of the United States and to sub-
scribe his namcto an oath to support the same,
whereas he permits a rebel white man to vote
who never heard of A and does not know how
to make his mark even to a note given for
whisky. [ I Slighter. ]
Again, sir, lie proposes that thecolored man
shall not vote unless lie shall be seized in his
own right or in the right of his wife of a free-
hold of the value of $2o0, a provision which,
of course, would cut off nine hundred and
ninety-nine out of every thousand colored men
in the South. The colored man cannot vote
unless he lias a freehold of 8'-•">'). but the white
rebel, who was never worth twenty-five cents,
who never paid poll-tax in his life, never paid
an honest debt, is to be allowed to vote. Sir,
what would be the inevitable effect of the
adoption of this amendment ? To cut off such
a largo part of the colored vote as to leave the
rebel white vote largely in the ascendancy and
to put these new State governments there to
be formed again into the hands of the rebels.
Sir, I will not spend longer time upon that.
My friend yesterdny alluded to my indorse-
ment of the President's policy in a speech in
1805. I never indorsed what is now called the
President's policy. In the summer of 1865,
when I saw a division eomitlg between the
President and the Republican party, and when
I could not help anticipating the direful con-
sequences that must result from it, I made a
speech in which I repelled certain statements
that had been made against the President, and
denied the charge that by issuing his procla-
mation of May 2!), 1865, he had thereby left the
Republican party. I said that he had not left
the Republican party by that act. I did show
that the policy of that proclamation was even
more radical than that of Mr. Lincoln. I did
show that it was more radical even than the
Winter-Davis bill of the summer of 1864. But,
sir, it was all upon the distinct understanding
that whatever the President did that his whole
policy or action was to be submitted to Con-
gress for its consideration and decision ; and,
as I before remarked, if that had been done all
would have been well. I did not then advo-
cate universal colored suffrage in the South,
and I have before given my reasons for it, and
in doing that I was acting in harmony with the
great body of the Republican party of the
North. It was nearly a year after that time,
when Congress passed the constitutional amend-
ment, which still left the question of suffrage
with the southern States, left it with the white
people; and it was not until a year and a half
after that time that Congress came to the con-
clusion that we could not execute the guarantee
of the Constitution without raising up a new
class of loyal voters.
And, sir, nobody concurred in that result
more heartily than myself. I confess (and I
do it without shame) that I have been educated
by the great events of this war. The American
people have been educated rapidly; and the
man who says he has learned nothing, that he
stands now where he did six years ago. is like
an ancient mile-post by the side of a deserted
highway. We, Mr. President, have advanced
step by step. When this war began we did not
contemplate the destruction of slavery. I re-
member well when the Crittenden resolution
was passed, declaring that the war was not pros-
ecuted for conquest or to overturn the institu-
tions of any State. I know that that was intended
as an assurance that slavery should not be de-
stroyed, and it received the vote, I believe, of
every Republican member in both Houses of
Congress ; but in a few months after that time
it was found by the events of the war that we
could not preserve slavery and suppress the
rebellion, and we must destroy slavery—not
I prosecute the war to destroy slavery—but de-
j stroy slavery to prosecute the war. Which
was the better? To stand by the resolution
and let the Union go, or to stand by the Union
and let the resolution go? Congress could not
stand bv that pledge, and it was ''more hon-
ored in the breach than the observance." Mr.
Lincoln issued his proclamation of emancipa-
tion, setting free the slaves of rebels. It was
dictated by the stern and bloody experience
of the times. Mr. Lincoln had no choice left
him. When wo began this contest no one
thought we would use colored soldiers in the
war. The distinguished Senator sitting by me
here, [Mr. C.\mi:ito\,] when in the winter of
1801 he first brought forward the proposition,
as Secretary of War, to use colored soldiers,
was greatly in advance of public opinion, and
was thought to be visionary ; but as the war
progressed it became manifest to all intelligent
men that we must not only destroy slavery
but we must avail ourselves of every instru-
mentality in our power for the purpose of put-
ting down the rebellion, and the whole country
accordcd in the use of colored soldiers, and
gallant and glorious service they rendered. In
1864 a proposition was brought forward in this
body to amend the Constitution of the United
States by abolishing slavery. We do not think
that is very radical now, but it was very radi-
cal then ; it was the great measure of the age,
and almost of modern times, and it was finally
passed; an amendment setting free every human
, being within the limits of the United States,
i But, sir, we were very far then from where we
1 are now. All will remember the celebrated
Winter-Davis bill, passed in June, 1864, which
took the power of reconstruction out of the
hands of the President, where it did not in fact
belong.
I refer to Mr. Lincoln ; but if that bill had
passed it would perhaps have resulted in the
destruction of this Government. We can all
see it now, although it was then thought to be
the most radical measure of the times. What
did it propose? It proposed to prescribe apian,
to take effect when the war should en d, by
which these rebel States should be restored. I
refer to that bill simply to show how we have
all traveled. It required but one condition or
guarantee on the part of the South, and that
was that they should put in their constitutions
a provision prohibiting slavery. It required
no other guarantee, it required no equaliza-
tion of representation ; no security against
rebel debts, or against payment for emanci-
pated slaves; and it confined the right of suf-
frage to white men. But it was thought to be
a great step in advance at the time ; and so it
was; but events were passing rapidly, and in
1865 the President came forward with his
proposition, and I am stating what is true from
an examination of the documents when I say
that but for the want of power with the Pres-
ident., his scheme in itself considered was far
more radical than that of the Winter-Davis
bill; but events were rapidly teaching the
statesmen of t he time that we could not recon-
struct upon that basis.
Still, Congress was not prepared to take a
forward step until the summer of 1866, in the
passage of the constitutional amendment, which
we now regard as a half way measure, neces-
sary and vital as far as it went, but not going
far enough. That was rejected, and we were
then compelled to go further, and we have now
fallen upon the plan of reconstruction which I
have been considering. It has been dictated
by the logic of events. It overrides all argu-
ments, overrides all prejudices, overrides all
theory, in the presence of the necessity for pre-
serving the life of this nation; and if future
events shall determine that we must go further,
I for one am prepared to say that I will go as
far as shall be necessary to the execution of
thisguarantee, the reconstruction of this Repub-
lic upon a right basis, and the successful res-
toration of every part of this Union.
Mr. President, the column of reconstruction,
as I before remarked, has risen slowly. _ It has
not been hewn from a single stone. It is com-
