1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
posed of many blocks, painfully laid up and
put t<Miether. and cemented by the tears and
Lnooti ol Hie nation. Sir, we have done nothing
artmrnriiy. ^ o have done nothing lor punish-
ment. ay, too little tor punishment. Justice
has not had her demand. .Not a man has yet
been executed tor this great treason. The arch
tiend him>elf is now at liberty upon l>ail. No
man is to he punished; and now, while punish-
ment has gone by. as we ail know, we are insist-
ing only upon security for the future. We are
simply asking that the evil spirits.who brought
this war upon us shall not again cotne into
power during this generation, again to bring
upon us re!>ellion and calamity. Weare simply
asking for those securities that we deem neces-
sary tor our peace and the peace of our pos-
terity.
Sir, there is one great difference between
this L uion party and the so-called Democratic
party. Our principles are those of humanity :
they are those ot justice ; they are those of
equal rights ; they are principles that appeal to
tlie hearts and the consciences of men ; while
on the other side we hear appeals to the preju-
dice of race against race, i'he white man is
overwhelmingly in the majority in this country,
and that majority is yearly increased by half a
minion of white men from abroad, and that
majority gaining in proportion from year to year
nntil the colored men will finally be but a hand-
ful in this country ; and yet we hear the preju-
dices of the white race appealed to to crush
this other race, and to prevent it from rising to
supremacy and power. Sir, there is nothing
noble, there is nothing generous, there is noth-
ing lovely, in that policy or that appeal. Iiow
does that principle compare with ours? We
are standing upon the broad platform of the
Declaration of Independence, that "all men
are created equal; that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain inalienable rights;
that among these are life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness.7' We say that these rights
are not given by laws; are not given by the
Constitution ; but they are the gift of God to
every man born into the world. Oh, sir, how
glorions is this great principle compared with
the inhuman—1 might say the heathenish—
appeal to the prejudice of race against race;
the endeavor further to excite the strong against
the weak : the endeavor further to deprive the
weak of their rights of protection against the
strong.
Mr. XYE. I yielded yesterday to the dis-
tinguished Senator who has just addressed the
Senate, [Mr. Mortox , ] and 1 think I speak the
sentiment of this body when I say that I feel
that it is well that i did. That he has said
what was necessary to be said upon this occa-
sion much more ably than I could say it will
be fully appreciated by the time I shall have
sat down.
The proposition made by the honorable Sena-
tor from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] could
have been presented at this time for no other
purpose than to elicit, as he must have known
it would, a political discussion and a present-
ation of the differences between the two par-
ties at the present time. I think he will learn,
before he gets through, that his purpose r  well
answered, and that the challenge which he so
gallantly and valiantly threw down has been
taken up and hurled back against him with
terrible power. Sir, if there is any one thing
that the country needs at this time and that
the Union party of this country requires, it is
a manly, bold discussion of the principles to
which they have adhered, and to which they
intend to adhere, notwithstanding the recreancy
of some of their former friends or the natural
opposition of the Democratic party at all times.
The history of the Republican party is told
in a few words. It was brought into existence
just as the atmosphere began to be thick with
the fragments of this dissolving country. It
brought to its support and to its standard the
liberty-loving and country-loving people of all
this nation. It was the great center where the
friends of liberty rallied on the one side, and
its opponents or cowardly sustainers rallied on
the other. Its potency has been manifested in
every step of its progress. It has been heard
in these Halls and u has been echoed through-
out the entire land. And, sir, as the strains
of liberty were sounded, recruits from every
quarter came rushing in till the opposing party
had really not enough to count. Its power
has been manifested upon every battle-field
from the Potomac to the Rio Grande. It has
been felt in the very atmosphere that surrounds
us, and its power is still to be felt till this great
work is completed. Notwithstanding the op-
position of the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin and his terrible apprehension, this party,
that girded on its armor for the emancipation
of this country, will never lay it aside until the
work is done.
In the last great and final struggle of the
two contending armies there were just such
soldiers as there are politicians and statesmen,
who feared and doubted after all whether that
man of iron. General Grant, would be able to
crush the rebel army; and they were found far
in the rear, stragglers; but the business of the
hour was such that there was no time to look
them up. There were enough who had hearts
intent upon the object before them to perform
the work, and the only loss to the army or to
the individuals who loitered in the rear was
that they did not share in the glory of the final
triumph.
Now, sir, I am ready and willing to make
large allowance for the weakness of men. I
am willing to see men change, and I desire to
see them change when they are wrong. The
honorable Senator from YVisconsin has evi-
dently changed, and such a change is to me
marvelous. No man has a more melodious
voice or a better power of using it than that
distinguished Senator. I have sat in these
galleries rapt and entranced by his eloquence
when he was uttering the sweet sounds of free-
dom and liberty. I have heard him upon the
stump when thousands stood enchantcd by his
eloquence. Why. sir? Not only for his own
power, but for the magic words that he uttered
and the undying principles that he sustained.
I believe that some time in the course of the
honorable Senator's life (if I recollect correctly
the discussion that occurred between him and
his colleague last winter) he himself had
espoused the cause of negro suffrage. If I
am wrong he will correct me. If now he finds
that he was wrong in that he has the right to
abandon it of course. But, sir, my task will
be, in the short time I shall occupy the atten-
tion of-the Senate, to examine the reasons that
he himself gives for this unaccountable change.
I, sir, am a Radical. I glory in it. My
friend was, but is not. What is he? Not a
Democrat; and when I say that I hardly know
which I ought to apologize to—the Democratic
party or my friend. He is a Conservative,
rallying under the banner of conservatism.
Mr. President, I have looked about in every-
thing that has been at my command to find
something that would exactly describe the
political status of my friend from Wisconsin;
I have consulted prose and poetry, sacred and
profane, and I can find that no author has
exactly described it save Milton in his blind-
ness. [ Laughter. ] To show my distinguished
friend in a word the exact status of a political
conservative, I will read from Milton, and
from Milton's Paradise Lost, [laughter,] a
work that I commend to the perusal of my
distinguished friend:
"For spirits, when they please.
Can either sex assume, or both; so soft
And unconfounded in their essence pure;
Not tied or m.tnacled with joitit or limb,
Nor founded on the brittle strength of bones.
Like cumbrous flesh ; but, in what shape they choose.
Dilated or condensed, bright or obscure,
Can execute their aery purposes,
And works of love or enmity fulfill."
Milton, it seems to me, had the distinguished
Senator in his eye when he wrote that descrip-
tion—not tied by bones and limbs nor cum-
brous flesh, but one who can either sex assume,
or both, as suits Conservatives best. [Laugh-
ter.] Such, sir, is the attitude in which the
Senator stands who has introduced this bold
measure of instructing the Committee on the
Judiciary of this body to do certain things. I
have had a presentiment that it would come,
and my wonder is that it did not come before.
The President, in his message, culled upon
Congress to do just us inconsistent a thing—to
repeal the reconstruction laws. When I heard
that I knew where the echo would come from
here, and I expected it. Now it comes in the
shape of a proposition to instruct the Com-
mittee on the J udiciary to do a thing that would
tarnish the record now so brilliant which Con-
gress has made for itself upon the great meas-
ures of reconstruction. This conservatism, so
supple, not cumbered with limb or flesh, dares
to do anything, to assume any attitude that will
embarrass or thwart this great measure.
Mr. President, I propose to call the attention
of the Senate and of the country to the former
position of the distinguished Senator from
whom this proposition comes upon all this great
question. Why did he vote that the work of
reconstruction was for Congress alone ? Then
he was right, and then he aided in this great
work of reconstruction, and forjill that he did
in that direction the country will now and here-
after thank him. The Senator from Indiana
has given in a succinct and able manner the
history of our reconstruction measures, and I
assert that no one step has been taken in recon-
struction which was not dictated by the neces-
sities of the time and born aud brought forth
by the spirit of patriotism.
Never, Mr. President, did the Democratic
party, or their left wing, the Conservatives, ex-
hibit any fear upon the question of reconstruc-
tion or negro suffrage until it was ascertained
that the negroes as a body would vote the Re-
publican ticket. The leading papers of the
South and the vilest copperhead paper of the
North, the Chicago Times, at one time openly
advocated the measure, and called upon the
Democratic party to adopt it. I submit to my
Democratic friends on the other side whether
it was not at one time a question of party con-
sultation among them whether they should adopt
that measure, and, to use the parlance of the
day, vote the negro, or leave him to vote him-
self in the opposition to them. All that was
not startling then. 11 has only become startling
when they, in their ignorance and in their blind-
ness, as described by the honorable Senator,
see enough to perceive the beauty of freedom,
and know enough to know that they have felt
the horrors of its opposite. Now, however, as
some new-born light seems to have broken in,
there is a holy horror expressed that the men
of the South are to be overridden by a—I usa
the words of the honorable Senator—half bar-
baric race. Sir, I felt especially hurt, I felt
worse than my friend felt when he wept over
what he called the recreancy of Grant, to hear
him denounce here yesterday as disloyal a class
of whom every man, woman, and child that wa3
not forced to be otherwise, was as true to the
loyal cause as the needle to the pole. He
charges upon the negroes that they built the
rebel intrenchments. So they did; but they
built them under the rod of their task-masters.
He says they dug the rebel trenches. So they
did; and for that reason emancipation became a
necessity. When the nation awoke to the truth
that they were performing these important ser-
vices emancipation was born. I submit to the
honorable Senator's sense of justice thatitwas
doing a gross injustice to that class of persons
when he accused them of disloyalty.
But, sir, another charge that he brings
against them is that they submitted so meekly
to the direction of women and decrepit old
men. True, they did. They had bowed their
necks t o the yoke for centuries; it had become a
part of their education to obey ; and be it said
to their eternal credit they raised no insurrec-
tion. Like true Christians they bided and
waited their time. It came. It was far better
than though their hands had been reddened
with defenseless blood. And yet that now is
brought as an evidence that these men were
disloyal to the Government under which they
lived 1
