728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 24,
Sir, the trouble is that these negroes are to j
vote. I consider the question of reconstruc-
tion as settled forever. It is, indeed, a thing
of the past. Conservatism may lay across its
track and retard its progress, bat it. cannot
stop it. We have given the ballot to seven
hundred thousand men. Now, Mr. Conserva-
tive, take it away if you can. But how are you
going to do it? In what spirit was it given,
and tor what purpose'? This is a point to
which I desire to call the attention of the Sen-
ate and of the country, for it lias been often
misrepresented. In the necessity ot the hour,
under the pressure of surrounding circum-
stances, when we found that the ieoparil could
not change his ,«pots, nor thi; rebel become
loyal and patriotic, wlien we must have loyal
civil governments, we had to use the only
available material that existed in the rebel
States. The ballot was given for two purposes
and confined to two elections ; lirst, to the vot-
ing upon the question of whether they would
have a convention; and second, upon the
adoption of the constitutions if constitutions
should be framed and submitted by snch con-
ventions. That was all. Therefore, if these
men are so desirous of coming i .to harmonious
action with this Government all they have to
do is to join hands with the loyal element and
make for themselves constitutions, and fix
their standard of suffrage as they please. Not
a single right is given to the colored people
that the necessities of the times did not de-
mand : and I submit to the Senator from Wis-
consin that they have exercised the right of
suffrage and privileges conferred with more
dignity than any class of men of which history
speaks ever before exercised it for the first
time.
From South Carolioa the proposition first
emanated to advocate negro suffrage on the
part of the rebels. They did advocate it.
Ihey claimed that the old masters could con-
trol the votes of the negroes. They little under-
stood the column of intelligence upon which
their lever rested. They little appreciated and
understood that innate love of liberty which
pervades every stage of life from the cradle
to the grave. They did not oppose the propo-
sition till they found that these people appre-
ciated for what they were voting, and were
going to vote in solid column against them.
Their only hope now—I charge it upon those
•who introduce such propositions as that which
is now presented to us—is in retarding recon-
struction. for the purpose of endeavoring to
modify our policy of negro suffrage. I think
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin will
agree with me when I say that I am justified
in coming to the conclusion that his resolution
is introduced for no other purpose than to
Tetard this work "of reconstruction by raising
anticipations that will never be realized. They
may ao that. They may retard it; but recon-
struction will surely come. They may put it
back for a year, or two years, but cannot defeat
it. The right is given,and has been exercised;
and before this discussion is ended the State
of Alabama will be here to unite through her
representatives with ns in the work of legis-
lation. There will be one State reconstructed;
and then I should like to know how what is
denominated the Administration or the Demo-
cratic party can undo that work or get rid of
that representation?
Mr. President, it is wise for ns occasionally
to consult the oracles of the past; and my
attention is called to this matter by the very
hopeful closeof the honorable Senator' speech.
He saw in the future a tremendous gathering,
a gathering of all the clans from all the quar-
ters, that was to drive this Radical party from
power. I wish I knew through what vision the
nonorable Senator saw that. I tried to realize
in its fullest extent the gathering that he de-
scribed, and the music to which they would
march. What column will Davis lead, and
what will be his music? " Dixie," with varia-
tions? [Laughter.] Under whose banner,
and to whose corps will my friend frotn Wis-
consin attach his little squad? [Laughter.]
Will he join Davis, or will he conic in under
the northern wing of the same party? Will lie ;
have Mr. Vallandighatn for a commander or
Pendleton for a leader? I should like to see
that gathering. It will be easily numbered.
What the uniform would be I hardly know.
My friend from Wisconsin would hardly dare
to don the gray; and to wear the blue ho cer-
tainly could not. The rebels and their hosts,
who would be the strongest in such a gathering
for such a purpose, would all be clad in gray?
Under what banner will he march—under the
stars and stripes or under the stars and bars?
Mr. DOOLITI'LE. We march under the
flag with thirty-seven stars. [Applause in the
galleries.]
The PRESIDENT pre tempore. Order must
be observed.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, we intend that
the Senator shall inarch under that llag, and
no other. We intend that those hosts, when
they gather, shall march under thirty-seven
stars undimmed by conservatism or rebellion.
But the action of the honorable Senator seems
to me to be trying to prevent it. I assert that
if the southern States had been let alone by out-
side influences, Conservative and Democratic,
as they are called, they would be marshaled
here to-day under a banner of thirty-seven
stars; and if they are not back here as soon as
they might have been they have nobody to
charge it to but the opponents of the Repub-
lican party.
Now, says the honorable Senator, we are es-
tablishing a despotism, a black despotism, in
the South. I understand a despotism to be a
power that crushes out the rights of the citi-
zens and tramples them under foot. The des-
potism that the Union party has given, or that
tbese Radicals have given to the South, is that
we have offered them a constitutional amend-
ment, with impartial suffrage, that they could
regulate for themselves, but they would not
take it; and then all that was required in addi-
tion was that they should put in their constitu-
tions a constitutional inhibition against op-
pressing any portion of their citizens, for race
or color or any other cause. That they re-
fused, and by their refusal they asserted they
intended to do just the opposite thing. And
when'they refused to accede to that humane
requirement they advertised to the world that
they would do just the opposite. Then, sir,
and not till then, were our reconstruction bills
passed.
In this gathering of the clans my friend has
turned his eye hopefully to the Democratic
party. Now, sir, I desire to speak in all kind-
ness of that party. My early political life was
spent in its ranks, and I have many kindly
recollections of it. I ought to say, perhaps,
in justice to that party and for my own credit,
that I quit it when I was quite young. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 left it when it had forgotten its old
standards, and when it had trailed its proud
history in the dust and become an apologist for
slavery in every form, and made the fatal mis-
take of preferring temporary success to per-
manent honor. My Democratic friends will
excuse me when I say as a matter of history
that the last and culminating effort for disso-
lution was made in their party when the arch
traitor was in the War Department, and it
commenced upon the fields of Kansas. There
I the final issue between slavery and freedom
j came, and there upon those green fields the
, first blood was spilled against the aggressive
1 policy of slavery. The Democratic Adminis-
| tration removed Andrew H. Keeder, of Penn-
| sylvania, as Governor of that Territory for no
j other reason than that he would not bow to
| the behests of slavery, and they put in his
| place the honored man who is now Governor
of Pennsylvania, Mr. Geary, and he, too,
soon fell under the same power.
Mr. President, the battle then commenced ;
the victims then began to be offered up. In
the distant State that my honorable friend
[Mr. Coxness] represents the first blood that
flowed there was the blood of the noble Brod-
erick, and with his dying lips he declared that
lie fell a victim to tho cruelties of slavery.
Everywhere at that day and under all cir-
cumstances the Democrat who dared for one
moment attempt to withstand the typhoon of
slavery ivas ingulfed either as a political vic-
tim or a real one. Sir, they did not stay their
acts there. A man whose name this nation
will ever revere, and the mention of which will
moisten the eyes of countless thousands—no
less a man than Stephen A. Douglas—on this
floor held a long and bitter controversy witb
the leader of the rebellion upon the aggres-
siveness of slavery, lie ventured to oppose
it, and his doom was written, his sentence was
passed, and it was executed at Charleston
under the lead of the arch-traitor, now a lead-
ing Democrat. Sir, they did more. To heal
an apparent schism, to spread a plaster ovei
this increasing incision which had been made,
they nominated Mr. Buchanan on the express
written promise that he would leave the ques-
tion of slavery in Kansas to a vote of the peo-
ple ; and yet they made him, old as he was,
commit the—no, I will not use the word I was
about to utter, but they made him take back
and swallow the written pledge that be had
made. This party is a part of that noble pha-
lanx which the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin sees through his conservative spectacles!
Oh ! what a host of patriots there will come,
Buchanan at their head, Davis leading one
column, Vallandigliam another, and my friend
from Wisconsin another.
But, sir, if my honorable friend waits foi
redemption to come from that sourcc he is toe
old to ever see it. I have often wondered wha.'
his feelings must be since he has laid down th 
bugle-notes of liberty which he used to sound,
and played upon the jews-harp strains of con-
servatism. What a change! It is that party
to which my friend looks for aid. It is that
party for whose success he prays. It is witb
that party he votes. For myself, with alt kind-
ness to my Democratic friends, I look for no
help from that direction.
But my friend from Wisconsin says he reads
in the signs of the times great changes of opin-
ion. That may account for his course! I
neither see the signs nor appreciate them ; and
if I did see them I could not follow my honor-
able friend. Having entered myself early in
the fight, and placed myself on the eternal
and abiding platform of freedom, no signs that
I could see would tempt me to wander from
the ranks. We had better ride out the storm
amid all the conflicting elements; and if for
the present freedom is to have a temporary
burial, I tell my friend it will rise again with
redoubled power and assert its dignity. But,
sir, I see no signs of the times that indicate
such a change as he anticipates. I call my
friend's attention to the papers in Cincinnati.
As lie is walking by signs, he may there see a
little sign. They trumpet it aloud that by an
arrangement with one wing of the Democratic
party Vallandigham was beaten in the Ohio
Legislature for United States Senator, and his
friends now declare war to the knife. What
sign is that? Though strange elements may
commingle for a time and produce certain
results, yet in the end will their labors be
thwarted and the principles of right be rees-
tablished.
Mr. President, I think it is intuitive to con-
servatism to hear strange noises, if they hear
at all, and to see strange sights; but you do
not wonder at it. The deserter from an army
is always apprehensive of pursuit. He is seek-
ing for places to hide. He seeks concealment.
He hides in the blaze of day and walks in the
darkness of night, and that is the time to see
signs. My noble friend never saw such signs
when he had on the armor of freedom and was
fighting the battle with me. Then he saw but
one star, by which he was guided, and that was
the star of eternal right. He was then happy
and bold in his inarches, but he is now doubt-
ful and hesitating. There is no doubt as to w hat
the fate of the Conservative party will be. Old
Colonel Benton, in the day of his power, de-
scribed what was then a balance-of-powar
