I8ea
WB )CONOHBS8iaKAI/ oxoon
m
■Mtv, and he said it was atonps In the ssorfcet.
Certainly this little branch of conservatism
can expect to be nothing i«ir« than a balance-
ot powf r party. But thejr will get no bids from
tli is quarter, 1 trust. \\ o do uot want then.
We warn no such soldiers that tire atm] taint.
Uat, Mr. President, I have a little further
parley to hold with the Democratic party, ibr
we bave been fighting long enonghoa the df 
frntira, and i do not propose for on* to £gbt
ia t hat way any longer. 1 arraign the l)< aao-
ctetic party ot' this nation below an indiguant
people that tbey betrayed them ia the several
j*miU 1 have xagigeottnl; that they made Mr.
uucbaaaa falsify bi« word: that they went
«k we oo their very btnes to the power that my
pliant t'riend ao nobly helped to overthrow.
b«ea the Ilepuhiteea Congress sad Mr. Lin-
coln «wt down mm their very knees to a de-
feated Democracy, ho promising by the pod'
tioti he held and by his hoaor m a man tliat he
weak) not interfere with tit*queeticm of slavery
where the institution existed. But they would
not be aatitficd. They panted for tbie rebel*
liom. Have it tbey wohUI, and have U tbey
did.
New, it ia left for tho honorable Senator fcom
Wise (Main to tell the terrible losses that the
rebels Met with, and after eastnerating them
and iweaweg tfceirdamages at $2,000,000,000—
■ore than their whole property waa assessed
at the year before the war—wd pointing to three
or four hundred thousand graves, he isquires,
'• Oh, God, ia not that enough T' Yes, it is
snoagh. Do aot impose upon them the Curt her
terrible infliction of giving then a Democratic
Administration. [Langhter.] Doaotgive then
ay Ma
Battfe
he danger lie* ia another direction; and
here 1 will say that I was greatly surprised yee-
tesday that my distinguished trie no's philan-
thropy and b(inanity were bounded alone by
tho terrible sacrifioea of the rebels. On former
occasions be tea portaayed the other side 5 hot
the renaon that he renders now is, tbey hare
been pwnisbod eaongti. Sonny I. But, sir, the
highest evidence that they coukl give that they
have bow punished onongh ia to yield a mnnlv
obedience to the Um of the land. W ere it not
for the little branch of oar army that is there
to-day tho Mars and stripes would not bo seen
ia ten States of this Union. An incident hap-
pened with a friend of mine the othe* day illus-
trating this in the State of Georgia. Walking
ap the street, aa he was going by the head-
Marten of the Freedmeu's Bureau there
flauntedthe old flag. Said be, "I moat cross
tine street here; 1 hare sworn I would never
walk under that flag again." That man has
not been reconstructed.
Mr. President, I know and fed per heps as
strongly as anybody the prejudice of race. i was
brought up in a section of this country where
colored men were seldom seen, and I imbibed
prejudices founded upon eolor; bat when I
saw almost three hundred thousand of them
nliat under a flag that bad heretofore been
only a symbol of oppression to them, and cross
bayonets with enlightened white men, the ene-
mies and foes of this country, and die trans-
fixed with them, my prejudices disappeared.
The Senator will learn apd the world will
learn that it is far safer to trust ignorant
loyalty than cultivated disloyalty. It is a les-
son that should not be forgotten.
Sir, I was shocked when I heard him yester-
day declare that he had anchored away back
ia the past on the policy of Lincoln and John-
son, and that be was going to ride it out upon
tbat anchorage, though the main fleet had
moved onward to a sorer and safer haven—the
haven of progress and liberty. The Lincoln
and Johnson policy! Sir, I once attempted
to rescue the fair fame of Lincoln from that
connection. If I failed then I should now.
But I declare, as a matter of history and of
fact—ay, sir, upon the sworn evidence of the
Secretary of War—that Lincoln had no policy
in regard to the question of negro suffrage
when he died, and if he had the world is not
bowMi to stop ill its MMid march of progress
te tie itself to Mr. Lincoln's tHjliey if it was
found insufficient for the end in view. No
man admires and reveres the memory of
another man more than I do that ot' Abraham
Lincoln. He wns the Moses that led us
through this terrible wilderness. Aid it ia
only to give character to this Johnson- policy4
to mako it palatable to on intelligent world,
that they attach tike uame of Lincoln to it.
Mr, President, -the history of the laat six
years need not have been written to have
impressed it with inducible power wpoa the
mind of every ono present. While my friend
fhi>m Wisconsin has seen this terrible suGferiug
in the. South, and it has moved him to these
noble axhibitionaof almost unparalleled mag-
nanimity, there have been other visions, other
facts, other scenes, other curtains lifted. Sir,
I see the dead of the loyal aruiy. I see a mur-
dered President. I see, above all, the liberties
of oar country endangered by the efforts of
rebels, who would destroy the last drop of vital
blood in republican institutions. Tbey have
been foiled. Republican freedom lives; rebel'
lion ia dead in a warlike sense; and yet my
honorable friend yesterday seemed to invoke
it again. lie repeated what the Democracy
of the North promised these rebels in the begin-
ning of the rebellion. The Democracy told
them then that no northern anny should aid
to put down that rebellion. My friend from
Wisconsin yesterday said that when this war of
races comes the four millionblacfesjrould stand
alone to fight against the whites of this country;
ap more, he said, as a fling at the Army, let
the military discipline be what it mi^ht it could
aot luring them ijp to it—aa invitation of two
kinds: first, aa invitation to the whites at the
South to commence the massacre of the blacks,
and next, a pledge that the northern whites
would not interfere. Sir, I apprehend no dan-
ger from this war of races, and I do uot under-
stand the arithmetic from which my friend
cyphers when he sees the danger of four mil'
lion black people overturning thirty-three mil-
lion whites. Where are the six million whites
of the South, so noble, so chivalric, so invin-
cible, as my friend described them yesterday,
that ore to be put down by this half barbarian
race ? Why do they recoil before this inferior
class, who have been their goods and chattels ?
Sir, it is a pretext, it is a subterfuge.
Worthless as my friend would intimate this
race to be, groping around iu the darkness
of ages, only valuable when they had their
dollar and cent price, I hold out a more en-
couraging view. Sir, the windows of their
ignorance are being opened, Mid widely and rap-
idly opened, and to-day we behold this hereto-
fore benighted raw gleaning from every source
of learning and panting for it with more avid-
ity than the whites. Sir, this plea of igno-
rance, if it is one, would debar many of us
from the polls. Shall every man have the
standard of judgment of my friend from Wis-
consin before he can vote ? Then I should not
vote, and perchance my honorable friend on
my left [Mr. Sumner] would be in doubt, for
he hardly writes a legible hand. [Laughter.]
Does a property qualification—Mid I- ask the
particular attention of the Conservative branch
of this body to this point—make men under-
stand better how to vote? Here is a man by
the name perchance of Laogston, who in point
of moral character and classic acquirements
would not suffer in comparison with any of
us. He has got ao coin; he has not the $250
worth of property. . Therefore, the noble, gen-
erous, gushing heart of Conservatism would
gay, '' Stand back until you have that amount
of property." Why, sir, if that doctrine was
promulgated in Connecticut it would revolu-
tionize its eight little counties. [Laughter.]
That was the doctrine of the darker ages. It
was the doctrine that was broken down by the
Democratic party (and that first mads me like
that party) after being established by the old
Federal party in the State of New Y ork. There
white men had to have $250 worth of property
to vote. An ignorant rich man could vote,
while a deserving and intelligent poor man
«ouhi aot  I really heps that that is; ftot the
doctrine of this new, MTancing, Conservative
party—that they are not going to roll back the
wheels of progress and_ erect the old Federal
standard that wealth instead of intelligence
shall vote. Sir, it is an insult to the intelli-
gence of the age. It is downright barbarism
to attempt to rear that standard, and it would
cause a revolution ia the Democratia party
>nch as they never witnessed. Great God I
Take out of their party those who can not rend
and write and where would ha the balance?
[Laughter.] Be careful, my Conservative
iriead, ot you will some into collision with
your more advanced Democratic leaders.
Sir, for on# I repudiate all «e«h. doctrine.
I would stamp citizenship with manhood every-
where, regardless of color. A citisea of tlie
United States ought to have the power to vote.
What is citizenship without a vote ? Why did
we insult the intelligence of the blacks by
clothing them with the garments of citisen*
ship, and now undertake to prevent them from
the exercise of privileges incident to citizen*
ship? It is an insult to the age. What n gen-
erous gushing my honorable friend from Wis*
consul must have had when he said to seven
hundred thousand ignorant voters, "If you
can read and write, vote; if you eaanot you
must not," and "ifyou cannot read and write
yon must have$'250 or you cannot vote." And
yet they stand clothed in the imperishable
habiliments of American citizenship! What
would foreign countries think of us, what would
the enlightened- of our own country think to
see such a standard as that reared, and reared*
too, by conservatism ? Gh, how clearly Milton
saw that conservatism which is—
" Not tied or manacled with joint or limb,
Nor founded on the brittle strength of beast.
Like cumbrous flesh."
And which " can either sex assume, or both,"
or anything to stay in its march the onward
progress ot the Republic toward justice and
liberty. I envy them not their work. The
result is unseen, but not unknown.
Now, Mr. President, I have a word for my
Republican friends. We have fought this
battle under year leadership for many years.
We have fought it in the everlasting faith that
we were sight. I have - seen the Republican
party grow from smaller proportions than this
conservative wing with which we are now deal-
ing, to become the Aaron's rod that swallowed
np all ether parties. Now, I want to submit
to my Republican friends one proposition. If
God in His I'rovidenoe has aest ined tia
that'
have not yet got through our struggles, that wo
have yet greater sacrifices to oM&e than we
have/ made, that the day in which freedom
shall stand forth unshackled has not yet ar-
rived, but that we must go into a minority to
rise again with more resplendent power, where
is the Republican that has red blood circulat-
ing in his veins who is not ready to do so ?
Senators, let there be no skulking, no subter-
fuge, no letting down of our standard ; but let
us advance with it. I agree with- the honor-
able Senator from Indiana that if further things
must be done to bring these States into har-
monious action I will stand with the advanced
guard, and there bad I ten times rather die
than be found a skulker in the day of final
reckoning. Sir, it is they who endure unto
the end that get the reward. It is they who
fight in the faith anchored upon the rock of
principle that prevail. Mr. President, I en-
tered this fight, as was stated the other day,
with no weapon but the simple sling of princi-
ple and the smooth stone of truth. I have
seen this Republican party grow until it has
swallowed np all others, and yet, sir, its work
is not done.
I regretted exceedingly yesterday to see the
animus of this movement. When my friend
from Wisconsin mourned-over the advance of
his friend from Indiana, he took occasion to
remark that no individual action had pained
him more except that of General Grant. I
hope that the General has not seen the report
in the Globe to-day. If he has, it will disturb
