isoa
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73'
taken from Cincinnati to Memphis in I860, was
there pressed into service bv tlie quartermaster
to carry troops to the Red river, and was there
destroyed bv the rebels.
M r. W A S H B lT R X E. of Illinois. All those
claims which are proper have already been
paid. This bill is strictly in the public inter-
est, to protect the public Treasury against
improper drafts, which, 1 am told, are made
every day.
Mr. IIOLMAN. Does not the first clause
of this bill cover just the case I have put?
Mr. WASHBURXE. of Illinois. I think
not; I think the case the gentleman puts is
covered by a different law.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I think this bill does apply
to the case I have put: and unless that portion
of the bill can be modified I cannot vote for it.
When a steamboat was taken down South from
the upper waters of the Ohio or Mississippi,
and was there pressed into the service of the
Government and lost or destroyed, I do not
think it is just for the Government not to pay
for it.
My attention was called this morning to the
case of Captain Wilbur, as loyal a man as
there is in my congressional district. He went
to Memphis with a steamboat load of produce
for sale. His steamboat was pressed into the
quartermaster's service, taken up the Red River
in the Banks' expedition, and there it was
destroyed by the rebels. That ease lias not yet
been paid. I think it should be paid for, and
the loss sustained by the Government.
The effect of the first clause of this bill is
certainly to deprive the Treasury Department
of the power to adjust certain claims. I am
willing to go to any extent with the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washbcrxe] to put an end
to the payment of the great body of claims
which are springing up, and which Congress
has indicated its purpose not to pay for the
present.
Mr. ELIOT. It is possible that the criticism
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hoi.-
max] makes in regard to this bill may have
foundation here. And yet, as I understand it,
it is not the purpose of this bill to interfere
with claims of the description to which he has
referred.
I would suggest, with the leave of the hon-
orable gentleman from Illinois, that the words
"on account of the seizure or impressment of,
or" be stricken out, so that the clause will
read "first, for damages or demurrage, or de-
tention of, any appliances of transportation,
&c." That would cover, as I understand, the
class of cases intended to be embraced in this
bill. If a vessel while under charter has been
exposed to loss within the terms of the charter,
such a case is not intended to be embraced by
the bill. If, instead of there being a charter,
the vessel has been seized by the Government,
I do not understand that a claim arising in such
a case under the existing statute is intended to
be covered by the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot} allow me to make
a suggestion? I think myself that under this
provision payment would still be made to the
proper officer under the charter. But the ves-
sels employed by the quartermaster's depart-
ment in the Lower Mississippi, in the years 1863
and 1864, consisted in large proportion of ves-
sels engaged in the ordinary commerce with
Memphis, Vicksburg, Natchez, &c.,and which
it was found necessary upon the spur of the
occasion to seize for the purpose of transport-
ing troops to different points. In this way the
larger proportion of the transportation was
done during a part of the years 1863 and 1864.
I apprehend that even with the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts the effect of this first clause would still
be to deprive the quartermaster's department
of the power to adjust this class of claims. I
believe that the object of the gentleman from
Illinois would be accomplished if it were ex-
pressly stated that the provisions of the act
shall not apply to claims authorized to be ad-
justed by the act of 1849 and the amendatory I
40th CoNrt. 2d Sess.—No. 47.
act of 18(53 Without having before me the i
titles of those two acts I move to add the fol- |
lowing: j
PrnviJfif, That the first clauso of this section shall
not be construed to apply to claims authorized to bo
adjusted under the act of 1849 and tiie act amenda-
tory thereof passed in lSiiS.
Mr. PILE. I have prepared an amendment
which I think would cover the case. It is to
add the following proviso :
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not
apply to claims now 011 filein tlio proper Department
for loss of steamers or vessels owned by citizens in
the loyal States and seized by the Government.
Mr. IIOLMAN. That amendment, I think,
will accomplish the purpose I had in view. I
withdraw my amendment that the gentleman
may offer his.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I offer the amend-
ment which I have just read. I recognize, sir,
to the fullest extent the necessity at this time
for economy in public expenditures. I am
ready to cooperate with the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washbtp.xe] and other gentle-
men in preventing wherever practicable leak-
ages of the Treasury, and in interposing every
possible obstacle to I he engineering of improper
claims through any Department of the Govern-
ment. But in our haste to accomplish this
grand result—economy—we should notoverride
all justice. We should remember that justice, 1
as well as economy, is one of tlie public virtues
which we ought to practice. There are per-
sons in St. Louis, Cincinnati, and other places !
who have claims against the Government for
vessels which, being seized by the Government
under military orders, were sent down the Mis-
sissippi river and up the Red river, the Ala-
bama river, and other rivers, where they were
sunk, burned, or otherwise destroyed. Under
the pressure to reduce the expenses of the
Government and the taxes imposed upon the
people we should not attempt to appropriate
to the use of the Government without compen-
sation property embracing in many cases the
entire fortune of private individuals. I
I know it may be answered that the persons
having these claims may present them to Con-
gress and obtain a settlement of them. j
With regard to the class of claims excepted
by the proviso 1 wish to say that the claimants
have already gone to great labor and expense
in getting tip the necessary papers and proofs
in order to have their claims properly adjusted
by the Third Auditor. And the proof required !
in the claims of which I have any knowledge
is most thorough, proof of the seizure of the
vessel, its value, the absolute loyalty of its
owner, and so on. Now, in those cases in prog-
ress of litigation owned in the loyal States for
property seized by the Government in these
insurrectionary States, the claimants have gone
to the trouble of getting up the proof at great
expense of money and labor, and I do not think
they ought to be required to commence de novo
before Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If no other
gentleman desires to be heard I will demand
the previous question.
Mr. MUNG-EN. I desire to submit a few
remarks.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that we all should be
in favor of retrenchment and reform, but I also
believe it is the duty of the Governinenttopay
its honest debts just as soon as possible. If
the Government is not able to pay them, then
let us say so. But by all means let us have a
fair and honest settlement of the amounts due
these men whose property has been seized and
used by the Government.
I know of .many of these cases where steam-
boats have been taken from private owners and
pressed into the United States service. I know
of boats being stopped on the western rivers
and the passengers taken off and the boats
used for the service of the Government. Some
of these vessels were sent up Steele's bayou,
Muddy bayou, Black bayou, Mason's bayou,
and other places; and particularly in trying to
get across from the Mississippi to the Yazoo
river, to get in rear of Haines's Bluffs, and thus
turn the right flank of the enemy and attack
Vicksburg in the rear, many of these boats
were ruined and literally rendered worthless.
The claimants have presented their claims for
this property under all the provisions of the
law now in force and at great expense and
trouble If they are just they ought to be paid,
and no further delay ought to be imposed upon
these claimants.
I know of a great many vessels for which
damagesfor "demurrage" areclaimed. Ves-
sels were detained by authority of the United
States, and it was understood at the time these
things were done that as soon as the claims
were presented they would be settled. Now it
costs these men in some instances more than
their claims are worth to prosecute them under
the system of retrenchment and reform which
is now being adopted. Even the claims of sol-
diers for bounty and back pay are delayed
beyond all reasonable excuses. Report No.
5 to the House of Representatives, Fortieth
Congress, s?cond session, made to accompany
tlie bill II. R. No. 331, under date of December
19, 1867, shows how this matter stands. In
the testimony on pages 26 and 27, to which I
respectfully refer, we find the sworn statement
of B. W. Brice, Paymaster General of the Uni-
ted States Army, and he very positively states
that claims could be paid by his department
" much faster''—"double the number" that
were paid at the time he so stated, which was
December 5, 1867—if I remember correctly.
He says in his testimony that, " we are now
averaging not more than thirteen thousand a
month at the outside"—"we can pay thirty
thousand a month. Now; Mr. Speaker, I do
not think the fault is in this case entirely with
the Second Auditor, for I know of a claim
agent in the town of Findlay, Ohio, where I
reside, who has from thirty to fifty claims which
have passed the Second Auditor's department
and have been in the hands of the paymasters
many of them since April and May last, and he
has the letters of the paymasters to show this
fact.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. While the
gentleman's remarks are no doubt just in refer-
ence to claims' agents, I must insist he shall
confine his remarks to the bill.
Mr. MUNGEN. I merely cite it in illustra-
tion. I think it is germane to this proposition.
I know that it now requires as much to get a
claim through under the present system as the
claim amounts to in many cases; and I fear if
we interpose any further delay these claimants
will not live long enough to see their claims
adjusted. They will be like some Florida claims
and stand unsettled for forty or fifty years. Let
us do what is right now, and do not let us put
an embargo on these claimants. I believe in
the Government paying its honest debts as soon
as possible. I insist that much of this legisla-
tion, put forward under the plea of reform and
retrenchment, is afraud, an imposition, a wrong,
and an outrage upon honest, and, if the gen-
tleman from Illinois pleases, "loyal" men.
Let us cease such proceedings and act the part
: of legislators.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to know whether
the intention of the bill is to cut off entirely
the payment of damagesfor labor performed
by the parties or for anything seized in the
rebellious States ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Mr. Speaker,
if my colleague had paid attention he would
have known the word "damage" has been
stricken out.
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose boats under char-
ter-parties were to go down to Vicksburg dur-
ing that campaign and were released at Vicks-
burg, but before they had ascended the river
and returned into the waters of the loyal
States should be seized again by authority of
the United States, does this cut off all such
claims?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
explain that when I come to reply.
Mr. LOGAN. It seems to me that it does
cut off that class.
Mr. MAYNARD. How far does the gen-
tleman expect the third clause to apply to lands
