738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
used for earthworks or fortifications, or lands !
employed for hospital purposes or for any other
military purpose?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will an-
swer the gentleman when I take the floor.
Mr. MAYNA11D. I would like to hear what
the gentleman's views are now, because it is a
matter of some importance. As matter of fact,
there was a great deal of real estate used. Of
course the use of land implies and covers all
that was on the land. Buildings were used
for hospitals, for store-houses, and for head-
quarters, and frequently very much damage
was occasioned by the use of the property.
I know a case that comes very near to me
personally—I will not say whose case it is—
where a man's dwelling-house and all the build-
ings were used for months as headquarters,
and the buildings were left in a very damaged
and ruinous condition. Glass was broken,
crops, trees, and shrubbery destroyed, the gar-
den inclosure used as a pen for mules and
horses, outbuildings destroyed, and to this day
not one dollar of compensation has been paid.
I submit that the Government cannot afford to
do these things without giving compensation.
It is not right. It makes no difference whether
the owner of the property lived in Tennessee,
or in Virginia, or in Missouri, or in Illinois ; I
take the broad ground, and I insist upon it here
and before the country, that the nation cannot
afford to be unjust to these loyaj citizens. A
man who stood as a friend to the Government
in the State of Tennessee is entitled to just as
much consideration and as high degree of pro-
tection as he who was at a safe distance from
the conflict in the remoter parts of Illinois or
any other State of the Union. If this section
means what I suppose it does, and what it
would seem to mean, it is most singularly, most
glaringly, most wickedly unjust; and no man,
knowing the facts, can vote for it, in my opin-
ion—I will not gay with a clear conscience,
but he cannot afford to do it as.an American j
citizen—consistent with the obligation of the ;
Government, in taking individual property for I
public nse, to pay for it. It is manifestly, ■
clearly, and palpably wrong. i
I will mention another instance. There
lived in the neighborhood of Nashville, within
a mile of the capitol, a member of the legal
profession, who had invested nearly all the
earnings of his life in a pleasant home, a man-
sion that he had erected at an expense of many
thousand dollars upon a beautiful elevation of
land, where he had hoped to spend with his
family the residue of his days. A military
gentleman thought that elevation was pecu-
liarly fitted for the military defense of Nash-
ville. Accordingly he took possession of it,
tore down the mansion, converted it into a
fortification, and used what material he wanted.
He then went off to a neighboring rebel's ground
and got wood for the building and paid the
rebel for it, giving him full compensation. But
the owner of the mansion, whose family was
turned away and whose house was pulled down
over his head, was never paid the first farthing,
though he was as loyal a man as you or I. I
think there are few more loyal than he.
Now, I repeat that this Government cannot
afford to do these things. It is a degree of
injustice that is simply outrageous, and it will
not bear scrutiny. It cannot be defended, and
I trust that no such measure as this will pass
this House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now call
the previous question.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire to
ask a question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will with-
draw the call to hear the question.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire to
know whether under the existing law any debt
can be paid by the Treasury Department unless
it is a just one against the Treasujy, and comes
within the provisions of some law enacted by
Congress ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
answer that when I take the floor.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I wish to
inquire further whether, by the legislation of
Congress, any mau can be paid for anything
that comes under the provisions of the law
unless the claimant proves satisfactorily to the
Treasury Department his loyalty to the Gov-
ernment of the United States?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will an-
swer that, too, when I take the floor.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I would like
to have an answer before the previous question
is seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I prefer
to answer it after.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Then I hope
the previous question will be voted down. I
think it is a dangerous precedent to pass a
law of this kind, which, in my opinion, violates
the faith of the nation and repudiates its just ;
debts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill
is reported from the Committee on Appropri-
ations. I have not called the previous ques-
tion, but have given every gentleman the floor
who desired to speak, and as this is a special
order, and if it is not acted on to-day will go over
indefinitely, I renew the demand for the pre-
vious question. Gentlemen can vote it down
if they choose. I have no interest in this mat-
ter except to save money to the Government.
The question was put upon seconding the
previous question; and there were—ayes 86,
noes 33 ; no quorum voting. |
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, and Trimble, of Kentucky,
were appointed
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 51, noes 49.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move
to lay the bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] is entitled to the floor
to close the debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I did not anticipate that there would be any
opposition to this bill, particularly upon this
side of the House, and I think that gentlemen
have been entirely misled in regard to its char-
acter. I wish to state to the House precisely
how matters now stand and what is the neces-
sity for the passage of a bill such as this which
has been reported unanimously by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
We make very large appropriations in gross
for the quartermaster and commissary depart-
ments and for other objects, which go in gross
to the War and other Departments of the Gov-
ernment, and it is found that under the peculiar
rulings of this Administration and of the offi-
cers under this Administration hundreds of
thousands of dollars are going out of the
Treasury almost every day; and it was deemed
necessary by the Committee on Appropriations
to bring in a bill providing that there shall be
no further payments made in cases of this kind
unless Congress shall pass upon them.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mungen]
asks, "Why not pay honest claims?" I ask
him why not let us here, as the representa-
tives of the people, determine whether or not
they are honest, instead of leaving it to the
heads of these Departments who are paying
these claims—I will not say under the direc-
tion and by the authority of the President of
the United States, going out of his legitimate
line of action and directing these claims to be
paid? That is the reason why the bill is
brought in.
In relation to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Pile,] let me say to
him and to the House that every just and
honest claim which has arisen in the cases to
which he refers I believe has been paid. But,
sir, when these claims have been once rejected
influences are brought to bear upon these De-
partments and they are ordered to be paid, and
paid out of these gross appropriations that we
have made. If there are any just and righteous
claims which should be paid let the claimants
come here and present their claims to us, and
let us examine them, and if they are just let
them be paid.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether claims are paid at
a Department which have not been examined,
audited, and approved by the Auditor and
Comptroller in the ordinary way.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that payments have been made entirely
without the line of the ordinary proceedings in
those Departments. I understand that orders
have been given to individuals that they should
have these claims paid, and they have been
paid to the amount of hundreds of thousands
of dollars—claims which would not for one
instant bear the investigation of this House.
Mr. BOUT WELL. By whose order are
these claims so paid?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, sir,
they are paid by the order of those in authority.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Who are in authority?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts knows too well
who are in authority now.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Not by my consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
gentleman what good his law will do if men
now, in violation of law, put their hands into
the Treasury?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, sir,
the officers contend that they have a right to
pay the claims out of these funds. I contend
that they have not a right to do it; and I con-
tend that it is our duty, if we intend to guard
the Treasury, to put the limits which we now
propose to put upon these persons in office.
Mr. MAYNARD. Why does not the gen-
tleman visit his indignation on those officials
who, in his judgment, violate the law, and not
upon honest claimants?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am visit-
ing no indignation on honest claimants. If
men have honest claims let them come to us
and show that they are honest, instead of
sneaking up to the Departments and getting
their claims allowed.
Now, I undertake to say that no injustice
will be done by the first clause of the bill; and
in regard to the second clause nobody has ob-
jected to it.
I now come to what was said by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.] He
made an appeal to the House not to pass this
bill. His appeal might be a very good one to
be addressed to the House when there was a
bill before it of the kind he describes. But does
not the gentleman from Tennessee know what
has been the practice, and what may be the prac-
tice, unless we put in this limitation here? How
much has been paid—not to loyal men, of whom
thegentleman speaks, but to rebels—:for the very
things which we provide they shall not be paid
for, for the use and occupation of land in the
insurrectionary States? My friend's speech
here was an argument which might be addressed
to the House if we had under consideration the
question of paying for the casualties of war.
When that question comes up 1 will be ready to
meet my friend.
But I can say to him that there are claims
enough of this very character now before the
Committee of Claims—as I am advised by a
member of that committee—to bankrupt any
Government on the face of the earth. This
Government never has determined, no Gov-
ernment on the face of the earth ever lins de-
termined, to pay claims forthe casualties of war.
All we provide for here is that these claims shall
not be paid until we have first passed upon them
here in Congress. Is there anything unjust or
improper in that? We have not made an ap-
propriation of a single dollar here ; no man lias
voted to appropriate a single dollar to pay for
the claims recited in the third paragraph of
this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to ask him a question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes; cer-
tainly.
