1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
Mr. MAYXARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman whether iti the last Congress lie
did not vote tor a resolution forbidding the
Committee of Claims to investigate any claim
that came from that portion of the country;
and also whether, when I introduced a propo-
sition to except the claims of the loyal citizens
of Tennessee, he did not object to it and pre-
vent its introduction ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is very
possible that I did. I know that I voted with
three fourths of the House in regard to the
iirst resolution named by the gentleman. And
1 know I should have voted against his propo-
sition upon the ground 1 am now stating ; that
we cannot be called upon to pay for these cas-
ualties of war.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to suggest to the
gentleman that having shut the door of this
House upon us, so that we cannot come here
and get even a bearing, cannot get even an
investigation into the merits of our claims by
the Committee of Claims, whose duty it is to
investigate such claims—having closed the
door of this House against us, the gentleman
now seeks to close the door of the Treasury
against us, so that we shall not be permitted to
go up there under the general rule of law that
applies to other citizens. I want no better
commentary on this bill than that; it is un-
just and wrong.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I decline
to yield any further.
Mr. MAYXARD. I suppose the gentleman
does not want to hear any more.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WASHBURXE, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. STEYEXS, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman whether by "'casualties
of war" he means the order by one of our
officers to destroy or seize private property tor
military purposes?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] asks
me what I consider the case of one of our offi-
cers ordering the destruction of private prop-
erty. That would be a matter for this House
to consider and determine whether there was
any authority vested in a lieutenant, for in-
stance, to destroy property in the rebel States
to the amount of millions and millions of dol-
lars, and that we are concluded from investigat-
ing the case, but must vote away the property
of loyal men of the Xorth to pay for the prop-
erty of men in the South. That is my answer
to the gentleman.
Mr. HAWKINS. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I must
decline to yield. If gentlemen want to vote
down this bill I cannot help it. I have only
stated the reasons which impelled the Commit-
tee on Appropriations which you have created
here to try and do something to stay this tide
of extravagance which has been sweeping over
the country.
The committee have learned from the high-
est authority that large amounts of the public
money are going out of the Treasury to meet
claims which should properly pass an examin-
ation by Congress. Hence they have deemed
it necessary to report this bill for the action of
the House. If the House thinks the passage
of the measure will not subserve the public
interest let it be voted down. I have nothing
further to say.
Mr. PILE. As the gentleman from Illinois
has referred to me, I hope he will yield me
live minutes for a reply.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that I have referred to the gentleman,
but I will yield to him.
Mr. PILE. The gentleman from Illinois has
stated that the claims of the class referred to
in my amendment have already been collected.
1 beg leave to say that I have better informa-
tion on that subject.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile] does riot, I
know, wish to misrepresent me ; and he will
permit me to remark that I did not say that
all these claims had been collected. I said
that I had been informed, and that I believed,
every just and proper claim of this description
has been paid, and if there are any other
claims which would fall under that provision
they should be brought here to us and we
should pass upon them.
Mr. PILE. That is the very point on which
I take issue with the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to say that I know of claims of this descrip-
tion, amounting to hundreds of thousands of
dollars, which were brought here and reported
upon favorably in the first Congress after the
war, and the payment of which has been stopped
by that very resolution referred to by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. PILE. 'There are within ray personal
knowledge a number of cases of vessels and
steamers which were sent south from St. Louis,
the owners of which not only are loyal but suf-
fered in the war the loss of all they were worth,
so that the last remaining vestige of their prop-
erty is involved in the claims now pending before
the Third Auditor for vessels seized by the Gov-
ernment and sent into the insurrectionary States
after the Mississippi river was opened. These
men have expended considerable money and
labor in preparing their claims for presentation.
They have gone before notaries public and clerks
of the courts to attest their papers ; they have
sent to various localities for affidavits and cer-
tificates as to the ownership of the vessels and
the service rendered by them. There are now
pending before the Third Auditor cases of this
kind in which there is no question as to the
loyalty of the claimants or the justice of the
claims—cases the settlement of which has been
delayed thus far only by technical difficulties
with regard to the perfection of the papers.
Now, sir, I am willing to cooperate with
other gentlemen here in excluding from pay-
ment all claims of rebels, in preventing every
improper leakage in the Treasury, every ex-
penditure that is without warrant of law. But
I protest against making this bill so broad in
its terms as to shut out the class of persons to
whom I have referred. All I ask is the adop-
tion of the proviso I have offered, excepting
from the operation of the bill claims now on
file provided for by existing law, and now in
process of adjudication under the law; claims
presented by parties resident in the loyal States;
parties who never resided in the insurrection-
ary States; parties whose loyalty is unques-
tioned, and whose claims are undoubtedly just.
I do not object to extending the operation of
the bill to cases where the parties have not yet
filed their claims, where they have not been
subjected to the expense and labor of perfect-
ing their papers, and where this extraordinary
hardship will not be imposed. But I beg leave
to suggest to the gentleman from Illinois that
when the present enormous tide of " reform"
shall have run its course, when the presidential
election shall have passed by, and when we
shall not have so many men seeking to build
up a cheap reputation for economy on small
matters of reform, we may find, in reviewing
the history of our legislation, thatin the appro-
priations by Congress there have been as many
leakages as in the settlement of these claims
by the appropriate Departments. I question
whether, in the long run, it will be found more
economical to have these claims passed upon by
Congress than to have them adjusted as they
are under the present law. I hope the amend-
ment which I have offered will be adopted, so
that we shall not impose this extraordinary
hardship upon the class of persons to whom I
have referred.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a single remark upon this bill?
Mr. PILE. Yes, sir.
Mr. NICHOLSON. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman who reported this bill [Mr. Wash-
burne, of Illinois] stated, during the course of
his argument, that it was reported with the unan-
imous concurrence of the Committee on Appro-
priations. Now, sir, I think the gentleman
is mistaken in that respect.
This bill did not and does not meet with
my approval. I was only present on the occa
sion when the bill was ordered to be reported
by the committee. It is true that 1 made no
distinct and direct opposition to the bill. I
believe there was no formal vote taken on it.
It was ordered to be reported by the majority.
It does not meet with my approval; for, sir,
these claims cannot be paid except in accord-
ance with existing laws, and there I think the
matter should rest.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that what my colleague on the commit-
tee has said has changed my statement. I did
not understand him to make any opposition to
the bill, and I understand him to say now that
he did not, although he is opposed to it now.
I should suppose he and the gentlemen on his
side of the House would oppose this bill, and I
was surprised he gave it his nominal assent in
committee.
Now, Mr. Speaker, one word in reply to the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pii.e] and in
relation to his amendment. If the House
wants to defeat the bill the best way to do so
is for it to adopt these amendments. The gen-
tleman's amendment proposes this provision
shall not apply to the claims on file in the
proper Department, that is to claims now filed
for losses of property owned in the loyal States
incurred by seizure of the Government. We
might, if that be adopted, as well strike out
the first section of the bill; for, as a matter of
course, all these claims are now on file. And
by passing the amendment you in effect give
a sort of sanction to that kind of claims.
One word further in regard to the general
subject. The gentleman from Missouri is in
favor of economy. Yes, sir, every gentleman
.is in favor of economy on general principles;
but when it cotnes to a matter in which he is
interested, then he talks about demagogism
and cheap reputation of those who desire to
apply the same honest principle to the action
of Congress in all like cases. Sir, I can say
to him that I am not in pursuit of any reputa-
tion, cheap or dear; but I am here to do my
duty as a Representative of the people generally,
and of my constituents of the third congres-
sional district of Illinois particularly. And, sir,
I shall not be deterred from that duty by these
flings. I atn sure that I shall lose no reputa-
tion by them.
I am here to-day representing the Committee
on Appropriations in presenting this bill to
the consideration of this House, which they
deem imperative for the public interest; and
having discharged that duty I leave it for the
House to determine. If they reject the bill
let them take the responsibility.
Mr. BUTLER. My colleague on the com-
mittee yields to me.
Mr. Speaker, I was unfortunately absent
from the committee at the time this bill was
under consideration, and therefore I have
never given it any consideration in committee,
and, sir, I now only desire to call the attention
of the House to one or two matters which I
think may not be within the attention of the
House.
A large number of cases will be carried by
this proposition which I do not think was in
the intention of my colleague or the com-
mittee who has reported the bill. This class
of cases arose in the beginning of the war.
The rebels took from our people all the vessels
that were in their waters when the war broke
out, either steamers, sailing vessels, or barks.
Having taken those vessels when we recap-
tured the ports in which they were, many of
those vessels were used by the United Slates
for the purpose of transportation. Some have
been restored to the loyal owners and some
were kept during the war and have not been
restored. And there were other cases arising
in this way. Vessels were sent down to south-
ern ports, to the port of New Orleans, and tu
