740
Tm CON(x&ESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 24,
Port Royal in South Carolina, and at a subse- |
quent period to ports in Virginia and North 1
Carolina, by loyal men in the course of trade,
to those ports opened by the President's proc-
lamation, and while those vessels were down
there the necessities of the Army required they
should be taken for transportation, though'*
coming from Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
and other places in the course of trade, and
owned by loyal men. The necessities of the
Army required generals commanding to take
these vessels for the time being for the purpose
of transportation using them as long as it was
necessary, returning them in some cases and
in some cases not. They were paid for in some
cases and in some not.
Now, while I fully agree to the third clause
of this bill, yet the first clause in its full and
nnlimited extent 1 cannot vote for, because 1
think we ought to put ourselves in n position
to b« just; and I think it is bad economy to
perpetrate injustice. I am willing to vote with
any man to cut off all unnecessary expendi-
ture, but I am not willing to vote to do injus-
tice; and I am certain that my colleague on
the committee would himself not vote in that
direction.
Take this case: a loyal man living in New
York sends a steamboat to New Orleans with
General Banks, for instance, when his expedi-
tion went down there. The general finds it
necessary, when the vessel is discharged, to
take it with him in his movement up the Red
river or into Texas. He uses the steamboat
and the owner has not been paid for it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I desire
to ask if the gentleman knows of any case of
that kind where the claimant has not been
paid?
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir; I know two or
three.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. What
reason was assigned ?
Mr. BUTLER. Generally that there has
been no proper vouchers or papers filed. In
some cases it has been because the quarter-
master's trains were lost containing the papers.
There is a considerable number of cases of
that sort.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It is a
proper case, then, to bring to Congress.
Mr. BUTLER. Undoubtedly it would be a
proper case to come to Congress. But let me
state a case that occurred. A man living at j
Wheeling owned asteamer running in southern
waters at the time of the rebellion. The rebels I
seized it, and upon its recapture it was returned ,
to him, not, however, until it had been used
by the quartermaster's department of the Uni-
ted States for some considerable time. It was
all the man had in the world. He came to the
department commander, but that officer was
not able to pay him under the law and sent
him to the War Office. The War Office has not
paid him because no proper vouchers can be
fonnd. The reason why they cannot be found
in that particular case, so far as I know, is that
the quartermaster is dead or made the vouchers
informally, as was done in many cases in the
early part of the war, because the quarter-
masters did not understand the regulations.
Now, then, ought not that man to be paid?
Take another case, where a steamer went to
South Carolina with troops. After she dis-
charged her cargo in the harbor of Port Royal
she was seized and used to carry troops, and
she has not been paid for because of the change
of commander and want of a proper certificate.
And so in various cases.
Now, I suggest first, that where the property
at the time, not by a subsequent transfer, but
at the hour it was taken stood registered in
loyal hands in loyal States, the fact that it was
found in the waters of the insurgent States
should be no reason why the owner should be
made to bear more burden of the war than
other men bore. Because, you see, you thereby
put the whole burden of the war, so far as that
man is concerned, upon him by taking his prop-
erty, simply because ho was in the legitimate
exercise of the right of commerce; or perhaps,
as in the case I put, because he turned over his
steamer to the Government for tho purpose of
conveying troops.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he thinks an owner living in
New York or Philadelphia is entitled to any
higher consideration than a loyal owner living
in a State in rebellion?
Mr. BUTLEll. Certainly not.
Mr. MAYNARD. And I would inquire,
further, how long it would take Congress to
fairly investigate the number of honest claims
that will be entirely cut off by the operation
of this bill, supposing it does nothing else but
form itself into an auditing board to pass upon
them?
Mr. BUTLER. As to that question the
gentleman can judge as well as I. But as to
the first question, I think better of a loyal man
who remained strictly and truly loyal to the
flag under all the difficulties and disadvantages
of living in a rebel State than of an equally
loyal man who lived in a loyal State. I esteem
him as one step above any other class of loyal
men. But here is the difficulty—and it is a
difficulty which no man will appreciate better
than my t'riend from Tennessee—that the mo-
ment you say loyal men living in disloyal
Suites have this privilege, then eves^ man who
has got a claim becomes loyal so far as affi-
davits aud testimony go. That is the difficulty.
A great door is open to wrong and fraud. And
it is on that account that we have to deal with
the matter by a general law under which some
just claimants may suffer.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would ask the gentle-
man if he does not suppose that fraud of that
kind would be just as potent in its operation
upon Congress as upon the Departments, and
whether it is not better now, when the proof is
fresh and recent, to pass upon the cases than
to put them off and leave them to come up a
few years hence?
Mr. BUTLER. I was going to suggest a
remedy to my friend in this class of cases, and
that is, to refer them to the Court of Claims.
Let the bill apply generally to other cases and
refer this class to the Court of Claims, where
the very first requisite is that the loyalty of the
claimant from the beginning to the end of the
rebellion must be established.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let me
say in regard to that matter that the Court
of Claims has jurisdiction now on this very
subject and the claimants can go there and
present their claims. What we want to do is
to provide against their payment until Congress
or the Court of Claims shall pass upon them.
Mr. BUTLER. Ah! I thought my friend's
bill went further than he intended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir,
it does not.
Mr. BUTLER. Let us see. It provides
" that hereafter no money shall be paid out of
the Treasury on any claim iu the following
class of cases, arising during the war of the
rebellion, until the further action ofCongress."
Now, under that provision no money can be
paid out of the Treasury, by virtue of a decision
of the Court of Claims, or of anybody else, in
this class of cases.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is the
same in regard to every other class of cases
that comes before the Court of Claims. Con-
gress has to appropriate the money to pay the
judgments of the Court of Claims, and the cases
to which the gentleman alludes would be in
precisely the same position as every other case.
Mr. PILE. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken. It needs no appropriation to pay judg-
ments rendered by the Court of Claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I beg the
gentleman's pardon; it does.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the truth on this
subject lies between my two friends, and it is
this: we appropriate in gross for the judgments
of the Court of Claims and not specifically.
I have said all I desire to say upon this
matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amount
of the gentleman's argument is that he is in
favor ot the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile] and not
opposed to the other provisions of the bill.
Now, sir, I consider that amendment most
fatal, and one which ought not to be adopted
by the House if we propose to stop this thing.
If we do not propose to stop it—if we propose
to let millions be taken out of the Treasury—
then we can adopt the amendment and pass
the bill. But there is no logic in the gentle-
man's amendment. He confines, it to claims
which have been filed. Why does not he em-
brace other claims which have not been filed?
They may be quite as just as those claims
which have been filed.
Mr. PILE. For the Bimple reason that the
persons who hold claims and have not filed
them have not been at the labor and expeuse
of perfecting their claims and filing them. The
eases to which my amendment refers are now
pending and they do not amount to millions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman has no idea of the amount of these
claims. If he will consult the Committee of
Claims of this House he will get some idea of
the demands that are made upon us; and if we
do not stop this thing at the threshold we
might as well open the sluices of the Treasury
and let it go. I ask for a vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered,
with a view of moving to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Appropriations.
repeal op the cotton tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged
question. I am directed by the committee of
conference upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the cotton-tax bill to submit a
report which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The C erk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 207) to
provide for the exemption of cotton from internal
tax, having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendment to
the bill of the House, and agree to the same with an
amendment, asfollows:
Add to the bill.the words "and cotton imported
from foreign countries on and after July 1,1868, shall
be exempt from duty," and the House agree to the
same.
E. C. SCHENCK,
JAMES B. BECK,
Managers on the part of the liotute.
JOHN SHERMAN,
J. S. MORRILL,
T. A. HENDRICKS,
Manager* on the part of the Senate.
The question was npon agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the vote is taken
I will ask the indulgence of the Heuse to
j explain very briefly what is the substance of
j this report. It will be observed that the Sen-
i ate, having amended the bill of the House so
as to change it from a repeal of the cotton tax
after the crop of 1867 to a suspension only of
the tax for the year 1868, this report recom-
mends that the Senate recede from their amend-
ment and accepUthe bill of the House with an
amendment. The bill of the House provides
for the entire repeal of the cotton tax of the
crop of 1867. It is recommended that the
Senate accept the bill, with an amendment
that, as there is to be no tax on cotton after the
year 1867, there shall be no duty imposed upon
any cotton imported after July 1, 1868.
The tariff duty upon imported cotton has
recently been three cents per pound. At one
time it was admitted duty free, then a duty of
two cents per pound was levied upon it, and
afterward that duty was increased to three
cents per pound. The Senate propose that,
as the bill proposes to take the three cents per
pound tax off the home product, they will ac-
cept it if the tariff duty is taken off the foreign
cotton.
The conferees on the part of the House were
very reluctant to agree to this amendment of
