1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
the House bill, and we did not agree to it—as
1 may snv on behalf of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] who signed the report
with myself—until we became entirely satisfied
that unless we came to such an agreement the
whole bill would tall. We were not disposed
to agree to it, because we recognized as the
policy of the country that no duty ought to be
imposed upon the products of the soil where
there is any likelihood that by doing so we fail
not only to get any considerable amount of
revenue from such products, but at the same
time to give any protection to the interest of
the country employed in raising these products
of the soil. For the same reason that we would
not remit the tariff upon wheat, corn, flax, and
flaxseed, or any other raw material grown in
the country, so, carrying out the principle in
all legislation in reference to special matters,
we thought we should be equally liberal in re-
gard to cotton.
When, however, we looked to the effect of
this amendment it amounted to so little that,
though it be in some degree a violation of
what we think ought to be the settled policy
of the country, it does not materially affect the
growing interest on the one hand or the rev-
enue on the other.
One reason why the Senate insisted upon
having the tariff upon imported cotton remitted
was founded upon the fact that during the war,
when the price of cotton was exceedingly high,
a few establishments grown up in the United
States which had used for the manufacture of
coarse bagging and other textures an inferior
quality of Surat cotton, of short staple, very
cheap, and of little value.
Gentlemen will remember, however, that the
whole quantity of cotton imported at any period
before the war never amounted to a million
pounds a year. During the war it increased
very largely; in 1802 to twenty-nine million
pounds; in 1863 to over thirty-three millions;
in 1864 to over twenty-six millions: and in
1865 to over thirty-six million pounds. But
as soon as the war ceased the amount imported
decreased to six million pounds in 1860, and
in 1867 to eight hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand pounds. And when the returns of the
present year come in the amount will probably
be found not to exceed half a million pounds.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The gen-
tleman will allow me to correct him on one
point. A large proportion of the cotton im-
ported has been American cotton returned to
this country.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman does not
correct me on that point, because that very
remark I was going to make in less than a
minute, if the gentleman had waited.
The whole amount of importation for the
year 1807 (and in 1808 the amount will prob-
ably be considerably less, measured by value)
was one hundred and ninety-seven thousand
four hundred and forty-five pounds, the tariff
upon which would be only $-4,771. But inas-
much as a large proportion of this importation
of cotton was American cotton brought back to
this country, probably not more than eight or
ten thousand dollars, and perhaps less, was
derived from foreign cotton imported. Hence,
it will be seen that there is no material effect
upon the revenue, whether we have a tariff on
cotton or not. Considering, therefore, that
neither the revenue of the Government nor any
material interest of the country is affected by
this matter in any considerable degree, the con-
ferees on the part of the House were ready, for
the sake of saving the bill, to agree to the
proposition of the Senate, that, while the tax
of three cents per pound should be taken off,
the tariff of three cents per pound should also
be taken off. As the tariff and the tax have
recently been about equivalent, cotton will,
when both are taken off, bo left relatively in
the same condition as heretofore.
I now yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [3lr. Moorhead,] my colleague on the
committee, who desires to make an explana-
tion as to his action in this matter.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
rise specially for the purpose of opposing the
adoption of this report, all hough 1 am opposed
to it. I rise more particularly to explain my
own position with regard to this matter and to
state why I have declined to sign the report
which has been signed by my colleague on the
committee.
Two or three years ago I was very anxious,
as were many other members of the House, to
impose a tax upon cotton, because we at that
time believed that a large amount of revenue
could be derived from this source and that the
producers of cotton would not feel the tax. At
this session I became satisfied from the testi-
mony presented that the tax of three cents per
pound on cotton was interfering seriousl}' with
the production of the article.
As it is exceedingly important that this sta-
ple should be largely produced and that we
should have it for export, I yielded my former
opinion in favor of taxing the article, and
agreed to the removal of the tax.
I was opposed to the Senate amendment con-
templating a suspension of the tax for one year,
because I believed that such a measure would
not stimulate the production, and would there-
fore fail to accomplish the object which I de-
sired to effect by the removal of the tax.
Hence I have insisted upon a total repeal of
the tax. To this the Senate has acceded ; but
it has added another amendment which I con-
sider entirely inconsistent with all the princi-
ples upon which I have acted and upon which,
1 believe, this House has acted. The effect of
the Senate amendment is, that while we are
endeavoring to stimulate the production of cot-
ton we take off the tariff and admit free of
duty an article that comes at once in competi-
tion with our coarse cotton. This is my reason
for refusing to sign the report. I have deemed
it proper to make these remarks to explain my
position on this question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] who concurred with me
in signing the report.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, in common with
my colleagues on the conference committee,
I objected to the repeal of the duty on im-
ported cotton as a condition to the repeal of
tax on cotton produced in the United States.
But I was satisfied, as was the chairman of the
House committee, that we either had to make
that concession to the views of the Senate or
the House bill would fail altogether. That
committee was instructed not to recede further,
and they assured us the Senate would not, and
that no further conference would be had. The
season for planting the next cotton crop was
rapidly approaching, and unless something was
done soon the repeal of the cotton tax would
be of no practical value to the people of the
South. Besides, the amount of cotton imported,
as shown by the report for 1867, was only eight
hundred and twenty-five thousand seven hun-
dred and twenty-one pounds, of the value of
$197,445, and the tax thereon $24,771; and
with the tax equally removed from the imported
and home-produced article we could see no
reason why the imports should be increased,
and we regarded it as too small a matter to
cause the loss of an important bill. If the im-
ports increase largely proper taxation can be
again imposed on it. Besides, we were informed
that the cotton imported is a Surat cotton of
very coarse quality, which did not compete
with our cotton, but was used to make a coarse
bagging by a few factories. We were further
assured that a majority of the former House
committee had agreed to remove the duties on
imported cotton, and that the Senate had re-
ceded from its amendments in the faith that
the House committee to be appointed would
adhere to that position. For these reasons,
while I disapproved the Senate amendment, I
concurred in the report.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayxard.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I take exception to the
statement that the majority of the previous
committee agreed to take the duty off imported
cotton.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I was on
the first committee of conference which failed
to agree on this bill, and I certainly did not
give my assent to the duty being taken off of
foreign cotton. I assume, sir, it is the inter-
est of this country to foster, protect, and, if
possible, to reinstate the cotton-producing in-
terest that was utterly overturned and pros-
trated by the war. The law as it now stands
gives this advantage to the American over the
foreign producer in the American market: that
while the home producer is taxed two and a
half cents the foreign producer is taxed three
cents, and that in gold, giving the American
producer the advantage of one half per cent,
and the gold premium of something like forty
per cent. This bill as it is proposed by the
committee of conference takes off the two and
a half cents on our own cotton, and it also takes
off the three cents per pound on imported cot-
ton. My friend from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] has
offered statistics to show that the amount of
foreign cotton now imported is very small.
Statistics show it is not a very heavy importa-
tion and that of a particular kind; butl should
like the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
or the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
to tell us what reason there is for the removal
of the duty? What interest now suffers by it?
Very little is now imported. Is it desired to
import more? Cotton can be brought from
India and Brazil and landed at New York as
cheaply as at Liverpool.
I have not the time, or I will not take the
tinie, to show by an array of statistics that we
have during the war lost the control of the
foreign market. There is more India and
Egyptian cotton manufactured upon the con-
tinent of Europe to day than American cotton;
and instead of furnishing seventy-five to eighty
per cent, of the cotton sold in the Liverpool
market, as before the war, we have now, if I
mistake not, less than forty per cent. And
this bill proposes to do more—to take from us
the American market by putting the foreign
producer into competition with our own pro-
ducer upon our own soil.
And it is this particular point I wish to bring
to the attention of the House. It is the labor
of the country which produces cotton, the
labor of the white man and the black man,
who work in the sun in the cotton-fields. You
take away the protection now given to their
industry and put them into competition with
the coolie and ryot of Asia and the slaves of
Brazil. What will be the consequence? While
we are deliberating on this bill intelligence
comes from Montgomery, Alabama, that men
are hiring for the year at from twenty-five dol-
lars to thirty dollars per month, barely ten cents
a day for working days—not enough to keep a
gentleman in his cigars. In South Carolina
five dollars a month and rations—not five dol-
lars and board, but five dollars and raw pro-
visions. In Mississippi the same thing prevails.
Can labor endure it?
Pray who is to gain by this bill? We are
told two or three establishments that manufac-
ture India cotton, oras it is usually called, Surat.
They now pay three cents a pound duty, and
I do not hear any complaint that they are not
doing well enough. Let them go on and con-
tinue to work. Does it interfere with their
business that American cotton no longer pays
a tax of two and a half cents, or however much
cheaper it may be made by taking off the tax ?
We do not interfere with their operations in any
way. Let them go on as they are now doing.
I would like my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] to say why we should not take off all
duties on foreign wool. He did give us some
very good reasons less than a year ago. The
same argumentthat operated to impose the duty
on foreign wools operates with greater force to
impose a duty on foreign-grown cotton : because
there are some wools brought in which scarcely
enter into competition with wool grown in this
