744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
shrink from the satire and eloquence of lan- |
guage not always just.
Mr. Speaker, the political speeches of Eli-
jah Hise before the people and in the Council
Halls of the nation indicate most unmistaka-
bly his great and comprehensive mind in its
rapid analyses of history and the law of other
Governments, as well as his able exposition of
and familiarity with the Constitution of his own
country, absolutely carrying conviction to the
minds of his opponents in some cases and
raising reasonable doubts in others. Such was
the universal respect for his legal opinions and
knowledge that few litigants were willing to
continue a case if a compromise could be ef-
fected when he was known to be employed
against them. His conversational powers were
naturally of a high order, and he had so added
to them by hard application and study that
any circle of friends would regard themselves
most fortunate if they could find him unem-
ployed, so as to enjoy a social hour in hearing
Iris original manner of presenting the most
simple feet in history or science, which he
managed to clothe with an interest not felt in
its presentation by another.
His style was not only sui generis, but with
the novelty he exhausted his subject and car-
ried conviction to his audience as they followed .
him in his great analytical powers. His edu-
cation, though not thorough, was most credit-
able, and the more so that he obtained it in
and of himself for the most part. Indeed, it was
rtie of his peculiarities that he would not learn
of others that which he could study out for
himself. He repudiated all reasoning that he
did not subject to the analysis of his own log-
ical mind in his own way, and adopted only
that which was clear to him. Hence it was
that he was one of the most laborious men I
ever knew. Of the purity of his life, of his
unchallenged personal honor, and of his lofty
patriotism, his whole life and history stands
a faithful witdess. He was an independent
thinker, and always expressed what he thought
wholly regardless as to who might differ or
agree with him, and sometimes so unfortu-
nately as to have entitled him, in the estimation
of the superficial observer, to be regarded rather
rough. He knew nothing of the arts of the
demagogue, but when satisfied of the justice
of' a conclusion absolutely defied any senti-
ment to the contrary, however popular, with a
total disregard of the effect upon himself.
I* conclusion, Mr. Speaker, allow me to say
that with this you have before you, in a most
unvarnished style, the man as he was. What
may have been his mental anguish or his de-
spondence none caft ever know. It is not my
Cvince tb scrutinize his acts. A great man
fallen by his own hand, and we leave him
and his act in the hands of an all-wise and
mereifi|l Being, in whose mercy alone we look
far forgiveness of alt errors in the great here-
after.
Mr. Speaker, I move the adoption of the
following resoldtions:
lietolved. That the House has heard with profound
regret and sorrow of the melancholy death of one of
its most distinguished members, Hon. Elijah Hiss,
of Kentucky.
Jiaolved, That we tender to the family and friends
of the deceased our heartfelt sympathy in their irre-
parable loss.
lietolved, That in consideration of this great calam-
ity th« member* of this House will wear the usual
badge of mourning for the period of thirty days; and
that these resolutions be spread upon the records,
and a eopr of them be seat by the Clerk of this House
to tbawidow of the deceased.
Httolved, That this House do now adjourn.
Mr. GROYER. Mr. Speaker, a great roan
has fallen! Elijah Hise, whose voice but
recently echoed through these Halls with fervid
eloquence in defense of that constitutional
form of government which he so ardently cher-
ished, is dead 1 The place that once knew him
shall know him no more forever.
The State of Pennsylvania gave him birth.
Kentucky—the State of his adoption, cherish-
ing him as one of her jewels—gave him posi-
tion^ reputation, honor, all of which he fairly
earned by the labor of a long life devoted to
study, to science, to law, and to the common
good of his State and the nation. '
Judge Hise was 110 common man. He was !
endowed with intellectual faculties of the high-
est order. His mind was massive and well
stored with that useful information which qual-
ified him for the practical affairs of life. As
a lawyer he was the peer of the ablest mem-
bers of the profession. As judge of the appel-
late court and chief justice of the State his
published opinions take rank with the pro-
foundest jurists of the country, giving him a
reputation, State and national. His services
abroad as minister from the Government of
the United States to Central America for a
series of years, and his more recent service as
a member from the third district of Kentucky
to the Thirty-Ninth Congress, are well remem-
bered by us all, and have become a part of the
history of the nation.
Judge Hise was a patriot no less than a
statesman. He loved his country with a de-
votion which knew no section and was circum-
scribed by no boundary short of the whole
country. His last utterance was:
" I have lost all hope of being able to aid in saving
my country from impending disaster and ruin. I
have been Drought iuto the publie service at an age
too advanced and at a period too late to allow me
even to hope that I can do anything in aid of the
restoration of constitutional government."
With these sentiments trembling upon his
lips the lamented Hise, on the 8th of May,
1867, yielded up to the God who gave it a life
devoted to the service of his country. Ken-
tucky mourns her great loss, and, like " Rachel
weeping for her children," will not be com-
forted, for he is not.
It is not my purpose here and now to allude
to the frailties of Judge Hise (if he had them,
and who of the living have not?) nor further to
disclose his merits;
"There they alike in trembling hope repose,
The bosom of bis father and his God."
In life Judge Hise was ever prepared for
every emergency. When death summoned
him he shrunk not from his approach; and
when "the pale horse shall come with his
rider" in panoply of white, even though he
find us as lie did the lamented Hise, "sick at
heart and weary of the world," may he find
us, as he did our illustrious friend, devoting
ourselves to the service of our country and our
whole country, conscious of having performed
our duty as citizens and statesmen, a (id our
whole duty.
Mr. Speaker, I second the motion for the
adoption of the resolutions offered by my col-
league.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
this is the second time death has entered the
; small circle of the congressional delegation
from Kentucky. Since I have been a member
! of this House Henry Grider and Elijah Hise
| are no more. They were both men of mark, and
| by their own efforts worked their way to places
j of eminence and distinction not only in Ken-
tucky but in the nation. Judge Hise suc-
ceeded Henry Grider as the Representative of
the third district of Kentucky. He also suc-
ceeded him upon the celebrated Committee of
Reconstruction. Judge Hise, after weeks and
months of incessant labor on thatcommittee
in behalf of a restored Union, with the consti-
tutional guarantees of life, liberty, and property
to each and every citizen of this great Repub-
lic, honestly believing, as he did, that the Fed-
eral Government was one of limited powers de-
rived solely from the Constitution,ana thegrants
of power made therein ought to be strictly con-
strued by all the three great departments of the
Government, and that the encroachments upon
the Constitution, the executive and judicial
power by Congress would in the end destroy
the Government of our fathers, failed to im-
press these views upon that committee or Con-
gress. Advanced in age, afflicted as he was,
He despaired of the Republic. In his own
language, in the most solemn and melancholy
manner, he declared that—
" He lost all hope of being ableto aid in saving the
country from the impending disaster and ruin in
which despotic and unconstitutional rule has in-
volved her. I havo been brought into the public ser-
vice nt an age too advanced and at a period too late
to allow ine even to hope that I can do anything
in aid in the restoration of constitutional Govern-
ment."
Thus believing, on the 8th of May last, after
a triumphant indorsement by the people who
knew him best, by reelection to the Fortieth
Congress, blessed with plenty, surrounded by
a loving wife and kind relatives and friends,
he refused longer to live, and quit the world.
I have not risen, Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of eulogy or panygeric, but I would be
unjust to the feelings of my own heart should
I fail to declare how deep and sincere was my
sorrow for the loss of this distinguished Rep-
resentative, especially at a time the country
so much needed the services of her truest and
best men. For nearly twenty years I knew
him as one of the great leaders of the Demo-
cratic party of Kentucky ; especially well and
intimately during the last session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. No one who witnessed his
devotion to principle through that dark and
gloomy hour could fail to venerate his sin-
cerity and patriotism, for he stood immovably
by the Constitution as the guide for rulers and
people in war and in peace. He was a pro-
found lawyer, a learned and conscientious
judge; he was a prompt and ready debater;
he was an active and vigorous thinker; he
was a brave and bold apostle of the faith which
he held. What he said he thought; what he
thought he seemed to believe in the inmost
1 recesses of his great soul. What he believed
he uttered, and what he uttered he was pre-
pared at all times to defend with all the powers
of his great, his mighty intellect. During all
of his exciting political controversies no word
of suspicion has ever been breathed against
his integrity. He was an honest man—the
noblest work of God. To appreciate Judge
Hise was to know him intimately. To know
him thus was to endear you to his noble traits
of head and heart.
Sir, let it be spoken here in his honor. He
lies cold in death, but he could have no better
epitaph than this: "Here rests one who would
not surrender to the enemies of constitutional
liberty." With his political friends, admirers,
i afflicted wife, and relatives, I claim a share in
. his fame and a right to participate in their
! bereavement in his untimely death.
With them I ask the privilege of paying this
1 poor tribute to his memory and throwing a
garland upon his tomb. He has passed from
these Halls; his seat is now filled by another;
the place which has known him shall know him
no more forever. Let us learn from his death
how uncertain is the tenure by which we hold
our own lives, and how trifling become earthly
honors and earthly powers when they are
brought face to face with death. May we by
I this dispensation be induced to heed that
; solemn warning, "Therefore be ye also ready;
for in snch an hour as ye think not the Son of
man cometh."
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker,
"The ocean of to:morrow
Breaks upon life's rocky shore,
With its turmoil, with its sorrow,
Evermore, ah, evermore 1
Flowing, ebbing; ebbing, flowihg,
Its emotions change and glide;
Fears of unknown trouble throwing
Solemn shadows o'er the tide."
The lessons of yesterday and to-day, sir,
should inspire us. with deep solemnity and
invite our serious contemplation. Happy would
it be for us, and for the dear country whose
servants we are, if in the midst of our noisy
harangues, bitter differences, and jarring dis-
putes we could find more frequently some cir-
cumstanoe or occasion (if, indeed, not unfor-
tunate for others) in which to give us pause,
patience, and charity. If such resolutions then
and now before the House bring not to our
notice events producing these divine influences,
then it would seem we are lost to the kindlier
instincts and sympathies of civilized men.
"Grief should be the instructor of the wise."
