1868.
THE COtfGliESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
I nnatural acts or incidents impress us gravely,
often strike us with alarm, and overcome us
null awe.
V. hicli of u?
the estimable 1
would have supposed, sir, that
'epresentati\e ii'oni Ohio, who
to latoh lei'i this Hall, with joyous heart to re-
pose tor a biief period in the bosom of his fam-
ily, was soon to be stricken down by the hand
which he himself had warmed into life, and
upon which he hoped to lean in his declining
years? What a sad and pitiable aberration of
poor human nature was there ! What desola-
tion is spread around a home and family but
jesterday to bright and beautiful! Impenetra-
ble gloom now pervades where the sunlight of
joy had its blessed abode. And who would
have thought, sir, that the manly form of Ken-
tuckj's distinguished statesman, which not
many moons ago stood in this presence nobly
pleading for the Constitution of his country as
the only bond of peace, law, and Union, would
soon be crumbling to its mother earth, van-
quished by himself alone? May we not from
these startling examples take heed of the vanity
of all earthly ambition and power, and so con-
duct ourselves in the business of our high call-
ing as to accomplish the ends of good govern-
ment, and with becominghumility and reverence
invoke the aid of the Omnipotent in restoring
a bleeding country to its wonted liberty, pros-
perity, aud peace.
How soon, Mr. Speaker, among the strange
fatalities of our being may such calamities as
have overtaken our distinguished compeers
fall upon us? Should we not lay up in our
hearts these signal and instructive dispensa- \
tions? We are children of the same .proud '
race, bound together by the inheritance of the j
dear-bought liberties of a common ancestry,
cherished and exalted by a common religion,
and going down the tide of time, we and our
posterity to share together the same ignoble or
glorious destiny—
" Commune periculum
Una sal us ambobus erit."
Upon the subject of these resolutions, most
fitting eulogiums have just been made. I would
not mar their aptness by any attempt at special
delineations of his character or his useful ser-
vices to the State, in the various phases of his
public history, but would simply venture a
word of general tribute to his memory. A
man of singular constituent elements of char-
acter, he was the builder of his own fame and
fortune ; peculiar in his nature and his habits,
often dark, mysterious, and impenetrable, he
stood almost alone among men a purely in'el-
lectual embodiment; kind and generous, it is
true, when awakened by the exigencies or mis-
fortuues of others, but generally wearing a for-
bidden aspect, although under a manly and
most imposing exterior. He walked the stage
of this world, wrapt in the solitude of his
own exalted thoughts, but often from the vast
caverns of his brain there burst forth elu-
cidations of great principles, and comments
upon the grander affairs of men with wonder-
ful significance and power, making a lasting
impress, especially upon those who came
within his sphere of action. He seemed not
born to live so much for the endearments or
amenities of social life, but to study and ex-
pound the Constitution and laws of his coun-
try. In this the entire man seemed to be ab-
sorbed.
" Deep on whose front engraven,
Deliberation sat and public care."
As one of Seriphus said of Themistocles,
"He was not honored so much for his own
sake, but for his country's.'' And like that
great Athenian soldier and statesman this man
rose from obscurity, and by his unaided intel-
lect and energy placed himself in the front rank
of his State and his country. Like Themisto-
cles, too, he came to the same sad termination
of being, as also did Demosthenes and Cato, and
other renowned heroes and statesmen of the
past. Similar examples also have unfortunately
occurred of great men in more recent history.
But still shall not their names be honored V J f
Chatham shall say of the great Lord Clive, "A
heaven-born general who without experience
surpassed all the soldiers of his time;" if
Macanlay shall say of the same, "Every per-
sou who takes a fair aud enlightened view of
his whole career must admit that our island, so
fertile in heroes and statesmen, has scarcely
ever produced a man more truly great either m
arms or in council," may not, then, Ken-
tucky be proud of her self-slain statesman,
and we here aptly pay homage to his worth?
Who shall challenge the decrees of fate?
\\ ho shall judge the cause of his sad " taking-
off?"' "Judge not, lest ye be judged."
" The hour shall come
When they who think to bind the ethereal spirit,
Who, like the eafflc hoveriii? o'er his prey,
AVnteh with quick eye and strike and striko again
11' but a sinew vibrate, shall confess
Their wisdom, folly."
Mr. Speaker, of the man whom we mourn, it
m?y be detiantly said, even in these times of
the oft-questioned loyalty of men, he was a
true and high-souled patriot. His loyalty, sir,
indeed, was not vague aud indefinite, but con-
sisted in exact obedience to law and in devo-
tion to the liberties of the people, as regulated
and guarded by the well-defined balances and
checks of the Federal Constitution. Cicero's
maxim was his—"Libertasest potestasj'aciendi
id quod jure liceat." He made the Constitu-
tion the polar star of his voyage in life. He
loved his country with his whole soul; it ab-
sorbed his being, and was the cause of his
death. He wished to raise it up and set it
free, but felt powerless for the task. An
exertionless, unhonored existence he could no
longer brook, and he truly despaired of the
Republic.
Thus passed away a man of singular cour-
age, zeal, and genius. Let us tread lightly on
his grave and draw a moral from hi3 life. 'Ac-
cuse not, detract not, envy not. It is said Alex-
ander read on the tomb of a great monarch—
" 0 man, whosoever thou art and whensoever thou
eomest, (lor come I know thou wilt,) I am Cyrus, the
founder of the Persian empire, envy me not this lit-
tle earth that covers my body."
Mr. Speaker, Kentucky at least will remem-
ber her great men, and in future times, when
her admiring sons shall call the roll of her
illustrious statesmen, by no means the least in
that bright array will stand the name of Elijah
Hise.
"Unmoved
Unshaken, unseduced, unterriiied.
His loyalty he kept, his love, his zeal ;
Nor numbers nor example with him wrought
To swerve from truth or change his constant mind."
The resolutions were adopted unanimously.
And then, in accordance with the concluding
resolution, the Speaker (at three o'clock and
fifty-five minutes p. m.) declared the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COBB : The petition of citizens of
Rockbridge, Henrietta, Bloom, and Forrest, in
Richland county, Wisconsin, for a post route.
Also, the petition of citizens of Henrietta,
Bloom, and Forrest, Richland county, Wiscon-
sin, for post routes.
By Mr. HARDING: The petition of citi-
zens of Adams county, Illinois, praying for
terms of United States courts in Quincy, Illi-
nois, and for additional district courts in Illi-
nois.
By Mr. LOGAN : A memorial of the State
of Illinois in reference to the Illinois and Mich-
igan canal and river improvements.
By Mr. MUNGEN : The petition of Henry
Wuscher, late a private in company F, thirty-
seventh regiment of Ohio volunteer infantry,
asking relief in regard to pension, &c.
By Mr. SCHENCK: Additional evidence in
case of John R. Reynolds, of Dayton, Ohio,
who claims remuneration for corn taken by
and for the United States Army in Mississippi.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition,
signed by more than 1,000 citizens of Norwich,
Connecticut, praying for legislative action by
Congress defining the status of naturalized
citizens, and demanding that their rights be
respected by the Briti:-.h Government.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of John M.
Glavin, and _ 15:5 others, citizens of Berrien
county, Michigan, praying for an appropriation
for improving the harbor of New Buffalo,
Michigan.
Also, the petition of W. M. Egan, and 63
others, of Chicago, for the same purpose.
_ By Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri: The peti-
tion of members of the Legislature of Missouri,
asking for the establishment of a United States
district court at Kansas City.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Daniel
McDonald, of Ashland county, Ohio, asking
a change in the fractional currency, by substi-
tuting for the present paper currency fifty
cent, twenty-five cent, and ten centpieces, com-
posed of porcelain or gross, with proper de-
vices, and colored red, white, and.blue.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Pennsylvania: The
petition and papers of Sarah A. Hays, of Al-
leghany county, Pennsylvania, mother of Wil-
liam A. Hays, a soldier, praying for a pension
and arrears of pay and bounty.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 25, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
I approved.
j order oe business.
Mr. KELSEY. As the only business in
order to-day is, I believe, debate in Committee
of the Whole, I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Paine in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the President's
annual message, on which Mr. Washburn, of
Indiana, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I yield the
time to which I would be entitled to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Sitgreaves.]
state of the union.
Mr. SITGREAVES. Mr. Chairman, while
manifold schemes have been and are being pro-
posed in and out of Congress for the reconstruc-
tion of the States—schemes viewed from a civil
or military, a partisan or fanatical stand-point—■
I propose to view the state of the Union from a
Christian stand-point, by the light of Christian-
ity, and by so doing I only anticipate history.
From that stand-point and by that light the
acts of individuals and nations of the past are
now viewed and are now commended or exe-
crated, it matters not whether the individual
wore the imperial diadem of ancient Rome on
his brow or the crown of a modern queen " on
whose dominions the sun never sets,'' or wielded
the power of a great republic, proclaiming the
"liberty, fraternity, and equality " of man by
the bastile and the guillotine, or whether men
or nations in the pride of power and lust of
plunderdismembered a people and hushed every
murmur by the dungeon, the mine, and the bay-
onet, or marched to conquest through rivers
of human blood; the pen of impartial history
from that stand-point has assigned to the actors
i their true places on the scrolls of fame or of
infamy, and there they will remain by univer-
sal consent forever. From that stand-point the
acts and actors in "the great rebellion" both
of the conquered and the conquerors will be
viewed and a record made as enduring as time,
and from which posterity will not appeal. We
cannot escape a record from this stand-point
if we would. It is in vain to allege, asmanydo
allege, "the atheism of the Constitution." It
is in vain to ignore the divinity of Jesus of
