746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Nazareth (as it was ignored by a member of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress when he characterized
"the doctrines of the sermon on the Mount"
as "a duplicate of the writings of Socrates")
aud deduce from this that the men and acts of
this generation will not be weighed by posterity
in the scales of Christianity.
Sir, there is no atheism in the Constitution;
the assertion is a foul libel on the men who
framed it- They were nominally Christians.
They were men or compatriots of the men
who, on the 4th of July, 1776, solemnly ap-
pealing to " the Supreme Judge of the world,"
in the name and by "authority of the people,"
declared that the Colonies were, and of right
ought to be, free and independent States; aud
for the support of that declaration, "with a
firm reliauce on the protection of Divine
Providence," mutually pledged their lives,
their fortunes, and their sacred honors. The
framers of the Constitution met, not to declare
the religious belief of the people, but to frame
a civil compact between the States, to be or-
dained, established, and ratified by the people
of the United States through State conven-
tions. But while the framers of the Constitu-
tion ignored a declaration of religious belief,
they required an official oath or affirmation—
a sanction which would not be required by a
convention of atheists in the provisions of an
atheistic Constitution, for no oath or affirma-
tion could be binding on the conscience of an
atheist, us he could swear by no one greater
than himself. Sir, the idea that the men of
the devolution framed or intended to frame
an atheistic Constitution for themselves and
their posterity is at war with the sentiments
of the people they represented, expressed
through their Colonial laws—at war with the
frequent and fervent national appeals to Al- 1
mighty God that He would give success to their '
arms in the mighty conflict lor independence— '
at war with reason. I do not believe it pos-
sible that a saue man can be an atheist. I
believe, with the great Apostle of the Gentiles,
uttered eighteen centuries ago, that the works
of Creadon and the laws of nature manifest the
invisible power and Godhead of an Almighty
Creator—a fact thus beautifully expressed in
song by the gifted Addison:
"The spacious firmament on high.
With all the blue ethereal sky.
And spangled heavens—a shilling frame—
Their great Original proclaim.
"The unwearied sun from day to day
Does his Creator's power display.
And publishes to every land
The work of an Almighty hand.
"Soon as the evening shades prevail
The moon takes up the wondrous tale.
And nightly to the listening earth
Repeats the story ot her birth;
"Whilst all the stars that round her born.
And all the planets in their turn.
Confirm the tidings as they roll,
And spread the truth from pole to pole.
" What, though in solemn silence all
Move round this dark terrestrial ball!
What, though no real voice nor sound
Amidst their radiant orbs be found,
"In reason's ear they all rejoice
And utter forth a glorious voice.
Forever singing as they sbine
The hand that made us is divine."
There were infidels among our fathers, as
there are infidels among their sons, but no
atheists.
The questions, then, are—was "the Supreme
Judge of the world," recognized and appealed
to by our fathers in the hour of their peril, the
God of the Christian or the God of the infidel ?
Are we, and have we ever been, a Christian
nation ? Sir, the acknowledgment of the re-
vealed law incorporated in the municipal rules
of action of the Colonies and States; the fifty-
four thousand houses of public worship through-
out the length and breadth of the land dedicated
to the living God; the observance of the Chris-
tian Sabbath by the Congress, the State Legis-
latures, and the people; our modes of thought
and our ideas of right and wrong, molded by
the precepts of the revealed law; our varied
institutions for the relief of suffering human-
ity ; our measurement of time, not from the
creation of the earth nor the hegira of Ma-
homet, but from the birth of Christ; our posi-
tion as a Christian people in the family of na-
tions, accorded to us by universal consent—all
proclaim that "the Supreme Judge of the
world" to whom our fathers appealed, and
who led them, as it were, in a pillar of cloud
and fire through the storm and darkness of the
Revolution, was the God-man of whom it was
predicted before His incarnation at Bethlehem
that His name should be called "Wonderful!
Counselor! The Mighty God! The Everlast-
ing Father! The Prince of Peace 1" This and
every enlightened nation on earth now bows
before His altars and acknowledges the truth
of His revelation and god-head; every advance
in science confirms this revelation ; the astrono-
mer views it in the stars, the geologist sees it
recorded in the rocks, the philosopher reads
it in the laws of nature, the student finds it in
the accomplishment of prophecy, and we can
all now see, even without the visions of the seer,
that His dominion over the earth will be "an
everlasting dominion."
By the light, then, of Christianity will the
acts and motives of men and nations be viewed
and recorded in all future history. Would to
God that the recording angel could drop a tear
on the record of the last decade of years and
" blot it out forever." Would to God that the
people North and South had listened to the
teachings of Him whose advent was announced
by the song of angels as an advent of "peace
on earth and good will to men," whose mission
was a mission of love, and who taught us to
pray '' forgive us our trespasses as we forgive
those who trespass against us;" then we should
not mourn a dismembered Union and the blood
of five hundred thousand of our sons shed in
fratricidal strife on a hundred battle-fields.
Ten years since, this Republic, in the re-
sources of her varied climate, in the liberty and
happiness of her citizens, in the energy of her
sons, in the observance of law and order, stood
without a peer among the Governments of the
earth; her destinies shaped under God by Dem-
ocratic men and measures, marched to a power
and freedom that has no parallel under Heaven.
What is the state of the Republic now? A
desolated South, a broken Union, ten States
governed by the iron hand of a military des-
potism ; a taxation which sits like an incubus
on the industry and energies of the whole peo-
ple ; public lands sufficient for the territories
of a vast empire (the common inheritance of
the people) given to incorporated companies; a
national debt created in four years greater than
England, with her thousand ships and long and
bloo3y wars waged to maintain the balance of
power in Europe, has been accumulating for
the last two centuries; the compacts of the
Constitution violated by legislation and public
faith laughed at.
Why is this ? Why, in the short space of ten
years, has this Eden of national political hap-
piness been turned into an earthly hell ? Why ?
,Because the accursed serpent of radicalism was
permitted to enter the sacred portals of liberty.
We listened to his promise, "Thou shalt not
die." We ate of the forbidden fruit, and the
result was sorrow and mourning, desolation
and death. The radical well knew that the
only weapon which could accomplish his hell-
ish work of war and disunion was the weapon
of hate. The radical of the South inculcated
a political and moral hatred of the North,
argued the right of secession as no infraction
of the Federal compact, and appealed to the
ambition and greed of the great southern heart.
The radical of the North inculcated a moral
and political hatred of the South in the forum,
in the press, and finally by scattering the Helper
book, indorsed by sixty members of Congress,
as a campaign document broadcast over the
land—a book intended to excite sectional
hatred, massacre, spoliation, servile and fra-
tricidal war.
The Democratic party stood, as it always
had stood, for the Constitution and the Union,
between "the living and the dead, and the
plague for a while was stayed." They appealed
to the people by the memories of their fathers
and the glories of the old flag. The repre-
sentative radical proclaimed that flag "a
flaunting lie." By the compacts of the Con-
stitution the representative radical proclnimed
that Constitution "a covenant with death and
a league with hell." By the Mood of our sons,
threaiened to be shed in a fratricidal war, the
representative radical proclaimed that blood-
letting was necessary. In vain they told the
people that sectional hatred would dissolve the
Union, and made every effort to save that
Union by compromises, by an appeal to that
law of love which God implanted in the bosoms
of our fathers when they established and or-
dained the Constitution. Their voice was un-
heeded. The radical derided them as "Union-
savers," and told the people that there would
be "no rebellion, no dissolution of the Union;"
and when at last the power of the Democracy
went down under the triumph of a sectional
party, inspired by sectional hatred, elected by
a minority of the people, the die was cast and
the result was disunion and blood. The result
we feel in every section of this broad land, and
it will be felt by generations yet unborn. Such
has been the result of the radical doctrine of
hate, in opposition to the precepts of the Chris-
tian gospel of love.
The die was cast; the flag of the Union was
unfurled; from every hill and valley of the
North our sons gathered around that flag,
determined that not a star should be torn from
that glorious banner. They marched to sus-
tain the Constitution and maintain the Union.
The representatives of the nation, with, I
believe, but two dissenting voices, declared
by solemn resolution—
"That this war is not waged on our part in any
spirit of oppression, nor for any purpose of conquest
or subjugation, nor purpose of overthrowing or ini
terfering with the right of established institutions of
those States, but to defend and maintain the suprem-
acy of the Constitution, and to preserve the Union
with all the dignity, equality, and rights of the sev-
eral States unimpaired."
This declaration was a solemn pledge to the
South in the name of the North and the na-
tion, a pledge to the world—a covenant with
the gallant men who marched to sustain the old
flag, and poured out their hearts' blood in its
defense. Under that pledge our sons pressed
to the conflict, under that pledge they fought,
under that pledge they died; by that pledge
we obtained men and money from the North,
and by that pledge we constructed and strength-'
ened a Union party in the South. Had the
war been waged for the purposes now declared
our sons had not died. Surely in the eyes of
that God who will hold nations as well as
individuals responsible for violated faith and
broken pledges the radical will be held re-
sponsible for the blood of our sons. Sir, when
the Union soldier met the rebel in deadly con-
flict, the one to sa'nder the Union, the other to
maintain it, who does not know that if the
radical bad then proclaimed in any city of the
North what he now proclaims, that the war
was waged for the purposes of conquest, and
when the war ended by the triumph of north-
ern arms, the States in rebellion would be
declared "conquered provinces" and given
over to negro domination, he would have been
denounced as a sympathizer with the South,
as a traitor who would create disaffection in
the Armv, disloyalty among the ^people, and
he would have been hung unshriven to the
nearest lamp-post by a loyal mob.
Mr. Chairman, I never had any sympathy
with the monstrous heresy of secession. I
gave my time and means and only son to aid
in crushing the rebellion and maintaining the
Constitution and the Union. I regard that
Constitution, and the Union guaranteed by
that Constitution, as a sacred gift of God to
our fathers, to be bequeathed intact to the teem-
ing millions of posterity who will live and die
under the flag of the Republic. But I do have
a sympathy for the honor and faith of my coun-
try. I hold that the faith of a nation should
