1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
be sacred under all circumstances. I would
have the faith of my country, like "Caesar's
wife, not only pure, but unsuspected." I
hold that the legislator in the legislative hall
should maintain faith and honor in his legis-
lative acts, as he would maintain his own per-
sonal faith and honor. Take away the faith
and honor of a Government and you take away
from that Government all that is desirable in
the eyes of God or man. In the light of Chris-
tianity 1 charge the radical, when he proclaims
that the States lately in rebellion are "con-
quered provinces,'' that they are out of the
protection ot' the Constitution, out of the
Union, and places them under a military des-
potism, with a gross violation of the national
faith, solemnly plighted by the representatives
of the nation on the floor of Congress, I charge
luin with an infraction of the plainest precepts
of Christianity, and believe that for this infrac-
tion God has brought upon us as a nation the
curse and punishment due to the covenant-
breaker.
How was this pledge of a Christian nation
redeemed? Underit ouryoung men gathered to
the fight; under it some States were saved to
the Union; under it the battle was fought, the
victory won ; every drop of blood that was shed
was to maintain, not to destroy, the Union.
Secession and its champions are trampled in
the dust. A radical Congress assemble and
pass acts for the government of the States lately
in rebellion as conquered provinces, and rad-
ical leaders declare that ,! the liberty, property,
and lives of the conquered are at tlie mercy of
the conqueror by the laws of war." What laws
of war? Not the laws of war ameliorated by
the humane teachings of Christianity, but laws
of war which justified the Tartar Khan in rear-
ing his pyramid of a hundred thousand human
bkulls ; laws of war which justified slavery ;
laws of war, recognized and established by
robber chieftains and ruffian feudal lords,
when might was right and vengeance a virtue.
The Thirty-Ninth Congress did by legislation
what the southern traitors by force of arms
could not effect, a dissolution of the Union;
the Thirty-Ninth Congress reenact what the
rebel confederacy enacted, that an act of seces-
sion puts the seceding States out of the Union ;
the Thirty-Ninth Congress resolved that the
seceding States should be kept out of the Union
by the bayonet; the seceding States attempted
to keep those States out of the Union by the
bayonet, a heresy against which we protested,
and against which we struggled in a four years'
war in fields of blood and carnage unparalleled
in the history of modern warfare.
Sir, the Christian patriot and statesman, re-
vering the compacts of the Constitution, will
say, as the nation said during the great rebel-
lion, that no State can put itself out of the
Union either by peaceable secession or by
force of arms. We appealed to the God of Bat-
tles and God gave us more than a victory of
arms—He gave us a repentant people. The
Southron had been educated in an idea that
his paramount allegiance was due to the State.
He fought for that idea. He was defeated.
He offered to purge his heresy by an oath that
lie would support and defend the Constitution
and the Union. The radical spurned the re-
pentant sinner. His cry was hate and ven-
geance. Sir, any Government would have
hailed the return of its prodigal children as a
matter of policy except a radical Government.
The patriot who loves his country should hail
it; the statesman who would have the Republic
perpetual in the love of her citizens should hail
it. A Christian republic, acting in accordance
with the benign principles of the Man of Cal-
vary, would rejoice that this " my son was dead
and is alive again ; he was lost and is found."
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman from New
Jersey allow me to ask him a single question?
Mr. SITGREAVES. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman is referring to
the history of the prodigal son. As he is
speaking from a Christian stand-point I would
like to know whether he wishes us to under-
stand that the rebels who took up arms against
the Government occupy to day the position of
the prodigal mentioned in the Scriptures?
Mr. SITGREAVES. The great mass of
them.
Mr. PRICE. That is all I wanted to know.
Mr. SITGREAVES. I resume at the point
where I was interrupted.
I never doubted the honor, patriotism, and
magnanimity of the nation. I know that the
nation would have hailed the return of these
erring children, and thus bound them to the
Union by chains of love, stronger than ada-
mant, forever. I say "the Union," for they
were bound to our republican form of gov-
ernment by education and instinct. They did
not wage war against " a republican form of
government," but against the Union; they
1 warred for the preservation of their property
in slaves; they adopted a constitution as
republican in form and spirit as the Constitu-
tion of 1787. There was no reason to doubt
their devotion to a republican form of gov-
ernment; the indissolubility of the Union was
the rock on which they split. Yet when they
were willing to renounce this heresy and give
freedom to the slave, we rejected their advances
with scorn ; and although beggared and dis-
armed, incapable of making either an aggres-
sive or defensive war, we subject them to all
the horrors of a military government, to be
followed by political subjection to a race of
men just emerged from slavery, under the pre-
tense that they " are opposed to a republican
form of government."
Mr. Chairman, a code of laws framed in a
spirit of hatred is bad policy in every Govern-
ment, but suicidal in a republic. The pages of
, history tell us that no monarch, no nation, can
violate the Christian laws of love with impu-
. nity by the administration of oppressive laws.
Where is the individual or nation who has been
taught by oppression to love the oppressor.
Look at Ireland. Has oppression taught her
sons to love the hand of her Saxon tyrant?
Centuries have passed away since the independ-
ence of Ireland was trodden down in the blood
of the O'Connors and ten thousand Irishmen
on the fatal field of Athonroe; for centuries
their loyalty has been enforced by the bayonet;
yet at this hour the sons of Ireland in every
land only bide their time when they can crush
their oppressors. Centuries have passed away,
yet hostility to their oppressor and hatred to
the union with Great Britain have been trans-
mitted as an heir loom from father to son, (a
fact known to the world and candidly admitted
by Mr. Gladstone in a recent speech to his
constituents.) This undying faith in the re-
demption of Ireland, this undying hatred to
the oppressor and soul-longing for the restor-
! ation of the green flag, is thus truly expressed
by an Irish bard :
"The Irish mother, as sho pressed
The warm, full nipple to her breast,
Thus lullabied her hnbe to rest:
1 'Twill rise again.'
" It crossed the sea, the Irish race.
Uprooted from their dwelling place.
Came here new destinies to face—
It roso again.
" Oh, generous, proud, and gallant race,
So often rash, so rarely base;
Sure as the bright sun holds its placo
'Twill rise again.
"The old green flag, the good old cause.
Despite tho check of cramping laws,
Shall yet obtain the world's applause.
When risen again.
" Wherever England's flag may float.
Or slaves may wear her scarlet coat,
Leap, Fenians, at the tyrant's throat.
And try again 1"
Ah, when the time shall come when England
shall be compassed with hostile fleets or her
throne rocked in the throes of revolution, her
statesmen will then know that Ireland should
have been governed by the Christian law of
love. And that time will come. The green
flag "will rise again;" the Irish harp, so long
silent in Tara's halls, will sound the jubilee of
Irish freedom.
Acts of hatred by individuals orr nations are
visited, sooner or later, by the retributive jus-
tice of Heaven—to the individual by the halter,
the penitentiary, or the undying, withering scorn
of men, as in the case of the jailor of Ander-
sotiville ; to the nation by revolution, rebellion,
demoralization of the people, or destruction of
their material interests. Cotton was once king;
it gave us the balance of trade, it erected our
manufactures, and spread the sails of our mer-
chant ships on every ocean. The insane hatred
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, by a refusal to
restore the Union and by the imposition of an
onerous tax on cotton, has not only driven that
great staple of the South from the markets of
the world, but has driven it away forever. We
have the testimony of a Republican Senator
on the floor of the Senate that the British man-
ufacturers now produce from India cotton an
article equal to the American staple, and he
feared we had lost this great interest forever;
and so we have, for the vast lands of the British
Empire, capable of producing that staple, will
hereafter supply the world. The Thirty-Ninth
Congress have dethroned cotton as king of
trade; but at what a cost!—starvation of the
Southern people, stagnation of Northern cap-
ital, and destruction of a great national resource
of the nation for all time to come.
Official dishonesty was once the exception,
now it is the rule. The gross violation of the
national faith and disregard of constitutional
rights by the Thirty-Ninth Congress have pro-
duced their legitimate fruits in an official cor-
ruption that has no parallel among men.
Bnt a few days since the astounding and hu-
miliating fact was proclaimed on the floor of
this House by the able chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Schenck]
and the eloquent member from Illinois, of the
same committee, [Mr. Logan,] that it was
impossible to collect the whisky tax through
the authorized agents of the Government; that
the major part of the great army of revenue
officials were composed in effect of double
rectified rascals. And, sir, these declarations
are true. The hard-handed laborers, the in-
dustry of the country, pay an annual tax of
millions to fill up the deficit made by these
stupendous official frauds.
Legislation inspired by hate—dennnciations
of hatred in and out of Congress, ignoring the
law of love by giving free rein to the unbri-
dled passions of men, inculcation of revenge in
the press, upon the stump, and in the legisla-
tive hall—has resulted in a fearful demoraliza-
tion of the people. Violence, rape, fraud, and
arson stalk rampant throughout the whole
land. The Police Gazettes record the fact
that not a day passes without the shedding of
blood by the hand of the murderer.
The spirit of hate inaugurated by the radi-
cals, North and South, during the rebellion and
perpetuated by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, in
the names of " loyalty, liberty, and humanity,"
has invaded even the sanctuaries of the Most
High—men wearing the livery of the court of
heaven, ordained to minister at the altars of
Him who summed up all the commandments
in one great law of love, preach all the unchari-
tableness of party hate, blasphemously incorpo-
rate it in their prayers, trail the standard of the
King of Kings in the filthy mire of politics, and
" crook the pregnant hinges of the knee' to
Csesar, and they have their reward. Surely
there is no more pitiable sight on God's foot-
stool than the modern political priest. Angels
must view such treason to Jesus with amaze-
ment, the true Christian with abhorrence, and
even the radical, while " he loves the treason,
must despise the traitor."
Sir, who does not know that hatred is the cor-
ner-stone on which every measure of recon-
struction is based? The animus is seen in
almost every speech on reconstruction. No
measure has been proposed or passed without
an appeal to the bitter passions engendered in
the late conflict of arms. An appeal to this fell
spiritby radical legislators, a radical press, and
radical priests has enabled the ra. icals to teai
ten stars from our glorious old flag, and to
enthrone a governmentof the bayonet over the
