750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
I have sinned against Heaven and in thy sight,
and am no more worthy to be called thy son ;
make me as one of thy lured servants.' '' He
did not ask to be taken in on terms of equality,
ile begged only to be taken under the old roof-
tree—in the old Union. He said, ''Give me a
place never so humble and menial, but only
take me back on any terms. I am willing to
be a servant in the household ; I do not ask to
be made an equal."'
That is what the prodigal did. But how is
it with regard to the rebels of the South? I
shall be glad to hear that they are repentant;
and when they couie back in the way the prod-
igal came, 1 am as ready to receive them as
my friend from New Jersey or any other man
can be.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I desire the gentleman
when he quotes Scripture to quote it correctly.
.Mr. PRICE. My friend—whose name, by
the way, 1 do not happen to know—says I do
not quote Scripture correctly. If he will cor-
rect me I will be obliged to him.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I said I desired that
the gentleman should quote Scripture correctly.
In the ease of the prodigal, when he came home
his father fell on his neck and welcomed him.
Mr. PRICE. Oh, I had not got to that part
yet. [Laughter.] I had not come to the cry-
ing part. | Laughter.] Mv friend on the left
will cot take it ill.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. Certainly not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRICE. 1 want to say to the gentle-
man who interrupted me 
The CHAIRMAN. The ten minutes allowed
to the gentleman from Iowa have expired.
Mr. PRICE. I did not ask for ten minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the time of the gentleman will be extended.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will not object if some
gentleman on this side is allowed to quote
Scripture in reply.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman desires
an extension of his time. That requires unan-
imous consent.
Mr. H1GBY. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. PRICE. I do not make inr such re-
quest. My time was not limited.
Mr. CULLOM. I submit that the gentle-
man from Iowa was not limited in the time
allowed him.
Mr. HIGBY. That is the point I was about
to make.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Iowa to apply for not ex-
ceeding ten minutes, and the question was so
put and voted on by the committee.
Mr. HIGBY. This is the first I have heard
about ten minutes.
Mr. PRICE. I should close in a few min-
utes any way.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
the time of the gentleman will be extended.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the Chair to put
the question in the form I suggested, that the
same length of time be granted to some gen-
tleman upon this side of the House.
Mr. PRICE. I do not ask an extension of
time, for my time was not limited. I only
want to say, in conclusion, that when these
people at the South come back in the way the
prodigal son did I am willing to receive them ;
but without some guarantee embedded in the
bulwarks of the Constitution for their future
good behavior, never; no, never.
Mr. HIGBY. I hope the gentleman will be
allowed to go on, and that some gentleman on
the other side will be heard.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. All we ask is that we
be allowed time to vindicate history and the
Scriptures. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. I do not ask further time.
.Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, then addressed
the committee on general political topics for
one hour. [See Appendix.]
FINANCIAL CONDITION* Off THE COUNTRY.
Mr. MORRELL. The financial condition
of the country is not unlike its military condi-
tion during the first years of the late war. There
is now, as there was then, urgent need for action;
but it is impossible to take a single step with-
out endless debate, and the men of theory seem
to be masters of the situation. The history of
the late eventful years jnstifiessome disrespect
for precedent and very slight regard for proph-
ecy. We revolutionized the art of war, and
we must do as much in finance. The work,
great as it is, demands neither scholarship nor
genius, but qualities which are as useful in the
conduct of public alfairs—practical sense, earn-
estness, ana above all conscientiousness. Such
common qualities in their best development
have the force of genius, and in new circum-
stances they inspire originality.
Our revolution is half completed, for old
things have passed away, ana it remains to
make all things new. We see exhibited in the
southern States the disasters resulting from
an effort to return to an old order of industry,
which made their working men chattels and
enslaved the labor of the whole country; and
we have suffered from an administration of
national finance which, if it had any policy,
sought to restore the statu quo ante helium by
what is called a return to specie payments. I
take it to be the part of common sense to recog-
nize accomplished facts, and it appears to me
quite as easy to reenslave the negro as to re-
instate the planting interest or revive the mone-
tary system displaced by the war. To go back is
clearly impossible. We must accept the situa-
tion , honesHy appreciating all its obligations and
embarrassments, and out of new circumstances
we must carve a new path by which we may
advance to order and security. That the pres-
ent condition of the country is perilous all must
admit; but the way to safety possibly lies close
beside us. We may be surprised to find how
plain and easy it is, and the greatest help may
be derived from seeming obstacles. If we will
only act, advance, anything, everything, is pos-
sible. Men of theory who opposed the voyage
of Columbus drew their strongest arguments
from the known spherical form of the earth—
he might sail down on one side, they said, but
how could he sail up on the other? After he
set sail he never encountered this difficulty.
Every day that passes without announcement
of some definite policy aiming at a certain
resumption of specie payments, is fraught with
danger to our national honor. From the enun-
ciation and discussion of a multiplicity of finan-
cial theories, one dominant question has at last
shaped itself, and it is summoning mighty
opposing forces for it conflict, the issue of
which no man can anticipate. It is the ques-
tion whether the financial indebtedness of the
country shall be paid with what all the world
recognizes as money, or with that which
has the character of money imposed upon it
by the mere authority of law. Shall the Gov-
ernment inforce its option to prematurely re-
deem its bonds in an irredeemable currency
or shall it provide for their payment at maturity
in coin?
It has been asserted and denied that the
rarious laws authorizing the creation of dif-
ferent forms of debt bind the Government to
their payment in specie. It has been asserted
and denied that whatever doubt may be in the
law must be set at rest by the representations
of the authorized agents of the Government
made while negotiating the loans. On the
one side it is alleged that it is of right the im-
perative duty to pay the bond-holders in the
same sort of money which they loaned to the
Government. On the other, this proposal is
denounced as a gross breach of faith and as
repudiation in disguise. Men of reputed states-
manship and conspicuous patriotism give to
each side the weight of their abilities and the
sanction of their personal character. A mul-
titude of obscure questions are thrust into the
controversy, so that the understanding of plain
people is darkened and the popular conscience
in danger of serious perversion. I believe that
there are many men of this nation who have
not a sense of mere fractional responsibility for
the honor or shame of their Government, and
who will never approve the policy of quasi
repudiation. I think they will give little weight
to a nice construction of the law ; for if the lan-
guage is at all doubtful it should be taken most
strongly against the Government. It should at
least be taken in the sense in which it was con-
strued at the timfi the contract was made ; for,
if through misunderstanding one of two con-
tracting parties must suffer ioss, the party who
eceasionod it should bear it. It is a question
not only of morals but also of policy. We can-
not afford to palter with the public creditor in
a double sense—to keep the word of promise to
the ear and break it to the hope.
The principal of the debt must be paid in
lawful money, and if another sort of debt is
made lawful money for the purpose of pay-
ment, the latter must also be paid. The (only
hope of profit from this devious way arises from
the expected degradation of the public credit.
Itisbelieved thatthelegal tendersissued in pay-
ment of the bonded debt will be so nearly
worthless that they need never be redeemed, or
that they may be funded so as to bear but a
nominal rate of interest, in bonds which may
be made payable at some indefinite time—in
another sort of promises made lawful money.
If the nation is constrained to eventual honesty
this sort of trick and subterfuge can bring no
profit. It is repudiation by circumstance.
It is said that this is not a question of morals ;
but its decision must affect the popular con-
science. The Government of the United States
should practice the morality which it is its
province to prescribe. It is its duty to define
right, impose law, and prepare a way that
Christian people may walk therein, and it
should exhibit in all its dealings the most scru-
pulous honor, and set examples of rectitude
for the imitation of its citizens.
I regard the scheme of paying bonds with
legal tenders as a-prelude to a project of gen-
eral repudiation, which already finds its advo-
cates. It is a step upon the downward road
leading to national disgrace and dissolution.
I hope it may not be taken; but if it is taken
my hope is that, the consequences being appa-
rent, the aroused conscience of the people will
denounce it as a crime.
The premature agitation of this question is
an ill omen. It shows an urgent haste and
defiant preparation for wrong-doing that would
create opportunity where none exists. I be-
lieve no part of the funded debt of the United
States is presently demandable; but the Govern-
ment option of redemption is now operative
upon a large portion, the interest upon which
is most burdensome, for no one denies that the
interest must be paid in coin.
I think, sir, it will be well to postpone for a
time the discussion of payment of the princi-
pal, and give all our energies to a wise and
earnest effort to make the currency equal in
value to gold. It will be easier to do this now,
while recognizing the force of every express
and implied obligation and while credit is unim-
paired, than after awhile, when we will have
destroyed the nation's credit and impoverished
our own citizens, who are the holders of more
than three fourths of the public debt. If we
do this the question of repudiation will never
arise, for it will be a matter of no consequence
to the creditor whether he receives coin or
currency.
It is clear to me that we cannot begin to pay
gold till we have it, and having it we should
not begin to pay it until we have provided that
it shall not escape to foreign countries, but
shall surely find its way again in sufficient quan-
tities to the public Treasury. During six years
of suspension the Treasury reports show that
we have paid away to foreign nations in excess
of receipts nearly three hundred million dollars
in precious metals, or coin, an amount about
equal to the total annual production through-
out the world. Considering this in connection
with our immense export of other domestic
products and interest-bearing evidences of
debt, it is plain that our trade with foreign
countries is absorbing all the commodities we
can export, including gold, and leaving a debt
against us, to secure which we are placing a
