752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
of gold in the Treasury and in the national j
b-.nks.
It' it be true that the Treasury must soon be
unable to meet the demand for gold interest,
then resumption upon its present store would
be wickedness or idiocy. It would transfer
gratuitously to private coffers millions which
must at once be bought back at a premium.
Any honest and business-like plan which may
be proposed will involve some ancillary legis-
lation. and if this bill becomes a law and it is
determined that a certain amount of gold will
insure resumption, a way will be found to get the
money. 1 would not prolong for one unneces-
sary hour the curse of a depreciated currency.
Now that the war which necessitated the depre-
ciation of the currency is over, it is a shame to
the country that its credit >s degraded, and the
more humiliating because it is needless. Any
private individual having proportionally such
means as the United States has. who would
allow his paper to be depreciated from thirty
to fifty per cent, would be regarded as a dolt
by men of business. The desire of honest and
prudent citizens is for resumption of specie
payments: but they do not wish to see it at-
tempted without due preparation or under the
risk of probable failure. It was and is my
desire in suggesting the accumulation of a cer-
tain amount of gold in the Treasury, to secure
the adoption of a plan which will give ample
notice and prepare the way in such fashion
that the country may advance step by step,
not rapidly but surely; so establishing itself
at every step that revulsion will be impossible.
This brings me in conflict with those who will
nse no means, brook no delays, and who de-
mand immediate resumption without regard to
consequences.
Probably $1,000,000,000 is less than the
amount of interest-bearing indebtedness of the
Government and people of theUnited States held
by foreigners. A large portion of this would
be returned for redemption instantly npon the
appreciation of the currency to gold value.
The Englishman who yesterday bought a thou-
sand-dollar bond for S750, in gold, would send
back his bond for reconversion ami demand
the gold. He would not wait an hour, for fear
that the experiment of resumption would prove
a failure: and he would be justified in so be-
lieving while the balance of trade remained
against us. If the ability of the Treasury to
continue to pay gold was doubted, everybody
would want gold: but I would so assure its
ability to pay gold that next to nobody would
want it. Prepare the way so that all the world
can see and note the gradual and certain means
to this end, and everything will help us to reach
it. The present rate of interest of our bonds
would tend to neutralize the very gradual in-
crease of their exchangeable gold value from
day to day, and owing to this gradual increase
of value they would be more sought after as a
permanent investment, and they would be at
or above par abroad before we touched the
Eoint of resumption. At home the effect would
e similar. The currency would gradually rise
to a gold level, and all business Interests would
adjust themselves to the new order of things
without panic or any derangement of industry.
It is an easy macadamized road, leading upward
and forward, wide enough to accommodate the
appliances and accumulations of enterprise and
labor. It is an advance to specie payments,
while what is called a return to specie pay-
ments is a Bull Run route, leaving arms, ac-
couterments and baggage in the hands of the
enemy.
One hundred millions of gold in the Treas-
ury is not enough to begin with; indeed, I
doubt if any sum short of our entire indebted-
ness would be enough while the current of
trade is sweeping it by millions from our shores.
But if we commence to accumulate by turning
the tide in our favor, and provide that it shall
remain so, we may safely resume at any time.
I would provide for the accumulation of $200,-
000,000 in gold as a means of bringing the
balance of trade in our favor, as well as an
evidence that it ia so.
Tf we will confine our imports of merchan-
dise below the value of our exports we will
secure national solvency, insure the convert-
ibility of our currency at all times into coin at
par, and, allowing the volume of the currency
to be regulated by demands of business, an
abundance of money would make a ready home
market for Government securities at a low rate
of interest. I risk nothing in predicting that
our whole national indebtedness could be con-
verted as rapidly as it can be called in into a
long four per cent. loan. The Treasury expe-
dient of selling specie has had just the oppo-
site effect from what it was intended and
expected to produce. It raised the price of
gold, for the reason that it stimulated importers
and foreign agents to order goods. Increased
importations overreached the Secretary. Bad
in policy, it was worse in principle, and deserves
to be stigmatized as speculation in national dis-
grace. It is amazing that such operations should
be reported with official complacency; for it is
as if a business man should publish in his an-
nual balance sheet as a part of his profits, the
money he has made by buying in his own paper
at a large discount.
The Secretary and his friends deem it es-
sentially necessary that the price of all com-
modities should be reduced, and confidently
assume that the only means of effecting a
reduction of prices is to reduce the volume of
the currency, for the alleged reason that the
amount of money in the country is at all times
an exact measure of all values—a theory which
has been philosophically disproved, and which
may be discredited by the most superficial ob-
servation.
In times of great financial embarrassment,
when the currency was reduced to the lowest
points, as in the years from 1839 to 1845, much
of the business of the country was done with-
out the use of money. The farmer traded his
eggs and butter for tea and sugar, and ex-
changed his heavier crops of grain, &c., for
what he needed that he could not produce;
and thus the transfer of crops and purchase of
supplies was made in many instances without
the actual payment of a single dollar in what
is termed money. There have been times
within the last ten years when many of the
largest manufacturing establishments of the
country were compelled to pay their workmen
in traffic or suspend operations. Indeed, I
am informed that such is now the condition of
affairs in some of the iron and mining districts
of Pennsylvania and also in the far West—the
order on the store for supplies taking the place
of money. Yet who will contend that there is
no value in this traffic because no money is
used to measure it ? Money cannot be the
exact measure of values, otherwise there would
be no value where there was no money. Money
is but one of the means of making exchanges,
and its abundance or scarcity only affects values
in the proportion of its own solvency and the
facilities it affords as a stimulant to the pro-
duction, transportation, and consumption of
commodities. Bread and meat were lower
priced in the third year of the war than in the
year before the war, though they were floating
upon a rising tide of irredeemable currency;
and they are as high now as they were in 18G5,
notwithstanding the very considerable reduc-
tion of the currency and its wider distribution
by the opening of the southern States.
Taking the last six years it is impossible to
demonstrate by comparison that the average
cost of the necessaries of life has been deter-
mined by the amount of money in circulation;
and such comparison suggests the possibility
of getting back to old prices, if that be desira-
ble, without destroying the machinery by which
exchanges are now made.
I believe it to be a fact that increase of the
volume of the currency has had of itself but
an imperceptible effect upon prices, and the
philosophy of this may be very sitnply stated.
When the country is prosperous additional
millions of currency are rapidly absorbed by
industries, and increased production tends to
equalize values. The additional millions, if
spent at home, are a spur to industry; and
though there may be two purchasers for a cer-
tain commodity where before there was but
one, or though the purchaser may have doubled
his consumption, the producer lias also enlarged
his powers and more than doubled his capacity
of production, or there are two producers where
there wa< but one before. Under a sound home-
trade policy, expansion of the currency can pro-
duce no permanent effect in enhancing prices
until it passes beyond the point where it may
be overtaken by expanding productive indus-
try. That we have never yet reached this point
may easily be demonstrated.
Want of faith in tlie Government, threats of
foreign interference, and relative and absolute
scarcity were the principal causes of the great
fluctuations in prices during the war. The first
two causes conspired to raise the price of gold,
which spurns the image and superscription
of imperiled nationality, and which was de-
sired either for commerce with foreign coun-
tries or as a refuge in the day when our Amer-
ican gonfalon, the Treasury note, should go
down forever. To the extent that these desires
interfered between buyer and seller, and to the
extent that the fears out of which they sprung
could be influenced from day to day, the prices
of all commodities were influenced, yet not
nearly so much as has been imagined. The
great cause of increase of prices was relative
or absolute scarcity. The constant and im-
perative demand for articles of prime necessity
for the use of the armies of the United States
greatly stimulated the industry of the country,
and it could have been supplied had it been
regular. But the consumption of war is neces-
sarily varying and spasmodic, and its unex-
pected demands have the efl'ectof disturbing the
markets and all contributing industries. The
wants of the armies were supplied through a
few agencies, and required enormous concen-
trations of food and material at a few places
within limited periods of time. The men com-
posing the armies would in peace supply their
needs by means of innumerable agencies at a
multitude of places without haste or disturb-
ance. They did not consume more after their
enlistment, but the method of supplying them
and the waste and destruction of war caused
a relative scarcity. Added to this there was
an absolute scarcity of certain articles of prime
necessity. I do not concede that any part of
the expansion in the price of commodities was
directly and necessarily caused by the expan-
sion of the currency, and I maintain that if
during a like period of expansion domestic
industry should receive from law the protec-
tion accidentally afforded it by war, prices
would not rise, but would steadily decline
under the influence of the active competition
of increased production.
Popular theory is at fault with regard to the
effects of expansion; but its worst fallacy lies
in the assumption that the effects of contrac-
tion and expansion are inversely and uni-
formly proportionate. Contraction has an
immediate and far-reaching effect, widely dif-
ferent however from the expectations of its
advocates. An invalid might gain in weight a
pound a day for a limited time, and the increase
would be both a consequence and cause of
vital power; but to suffer an equivalent loss
would entail the loss of something more than
a proportionate amount of strength—it would
result in death. As everything concurs to nou-
| tralize expansion within certain vital limits, so
everything becomes the ally of contraction and
I increases its effect. The mere rumor of it is
potent for disaster. It is contended that a
I reduction of the volume of the currency would
| cause only a proportional shrinkage of current
| values. I cannot believe this. It is supposed
that this shrinkage would be uniform and equa-
ble. Most certainly it would not be. We are
told that it is the road to specie payments. I
believe it to be a no-thoroughfare, a cal-dc-sac,
flanked by sheriff"s officers and closed in by the
poorhouse.
We have been told how much easier it would
be to pay taxes if we had but half the amount
