1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
of money we now have, and what profit would
result from this reduction to agriculture, man- j
uiaetures, labor, and trade. We have been lec-
tured to •'restore the currency to its natural
volume," whatever that majibe, and assured
that •" whenever the excess ot'currency is with-
drawn wages will return to their natural rate.'1
I, lor one, would like to know whether the
natural volume of the currency is thirty dol-
lars per capita, as in France, or twenty-five
dollais, as in England, or$12 oOasinthe Uni-
ted States. I would also like to know whether
the natural rate of wages is thirty cents a day,
as in Belgium, fifty cents a day, as in Great Brit-
ain, the 5>1 oO of Pennsylvania, or the peck of
corn and pound of bacon per week of the late
so-called southern confederacy. But what will
be the relation of the capitalist to this new
order of things in which it will be easier to
pay a large debt with little money than with a
great deal, and in which everybody will save
by the loss of a large portion of the circulating
medium of the country '.'' The first effect of
anticipated or actual scarcity of money is to
embarrass the operations of trade, reduce con-
sumption, and hamper or suspend productive
industry. Whatever is most readily convert-
ible into money suffers least, but upon the
house and farm, in which are stored the sav-
ings of industry, the storm falls with cumulat-
ive violence. The schemes of the improver
come to nought and the horn of the money-
lender is exalted. Beneath the weight of his
lien the roof-tree falls. In such times labor
ceases to be convertible and the condition of
the laborer is most to be pitied, for it is not a
question with him whether he shall receive
nominally less for his commodity, but whether
it will find a purchaser at a*y prioe. His pre-
tended friends would make him believe that
he is now robbed of his rights by-a redundant
currency; but when no longer befriended by
the greeuback he will make acquaintance with
the non-exemption note, a form of contract
which the devil had not the hardihood to pro-
pose to Doctor Faustus. i
From facts lying within the range of my
daily observation I deny that expansion of
the currency has made poor men poorer.
While it was in progress I have seen incunj- [
brances paid off, a multitude of small holdings
acquired, and comfortable homes of working-
men established and adorned. It has been
the friend of industry, and, coupled with the
accidental protection of the premium upon
gold, has done much to mitigate the hardships
and repair the waste of war. I do not speak from
theory but from facts within my own knowl-
edge ; and I could give names and times and
values and particular instances from a history
which does not disclose one single exception.
Furthermore, while rearing and paying for
a home, not a few, but a large number of
workingmen, spared enough of their earnings
to send abroad to Walesor England or Ireland
or Germany the money to bring into the coun-
try some relative, a sldlled workman, unable
himself to save the cost of emigration from
his scanty wages. The stream of thrifty and
intelligent men thus poured upon our shores
kept in motion the wheels of manufacturing
labor and was largely effective in tustaining
the financial and military powers of the Gov-
ernment.
During the period of which I speak the
Cambria iron works expanded in size and
nearly doubled their capacity, and at the same
time sent nearly every man in its service liable
to bear arms into the ranks of the Union Army.
I bear this testimony as a manufacturer from
no exceptional phenomena, for I can confi-
dently appeal to my brother iron-workers for
corroborating testimony. While this was the
condition of the iron-workers I ask what inter-
tst was oppressed and what poor man was
made poorer? How was it in the rural dis-
tricts? What effects did the currency expan-
sion produce among farmers? Has the small
proprietor fallen to the condition of tenant
and laborer, or has the laborer generally risen
to ownership? Have wages been better or
40th Cow. 2d Hess.—No. IH.
worse compared with the cost of living? Have
mortgages been paid off, or have they accumu-
lated? What are the facts? If they will bear
against the expansion of the currency why are
they not collected and published? 1 know how
severely the draft bore upon rural communi-
ties, and what it cost in men and money to fill
their quotas ; but notwithstanding this I deny
that during the period of expansion their poor
became poorer, either positively or relatively;
for accumulated wealth was constantly losing
its proportional power, and all productive in-
industry was enjoying the benefits of protection.
I doubt not the financial history of the coun-
try will show that heretoforeexcessive increase
of paper currency has been the forerunner of
business disasters aud popular distress. But
it was not, therefore, their cause. From my
observation in business I was ready to believe
what an able statistician has lately demon-
strated, namely, that "bank expansion has
heretofore been a direct eonsequence of in-
creased importations," his tabular statement
and comparison extending from 1815 to 1860,
showing over-issues of notes regularly following
excessive imports, and culminating in bank
suspension and prostration of business. Of
Bourse it was wot the currency that did the mis-
chief. The country was doubling its consump-
tion of foreign products, and the banks were
extending their credits to pay for and diffuse
them. The foundation of the bank currency
narrowed as the superstructure enlarged; for
gold or its equivalent was necessarily sent i
abroad to pay for foreign goods which destroyed I
the home market for home industry. The con- j
tractionists falsely blame our business troables |
in the past upon the expansions and fluctua-
tions of paper money. Let them charge the
mischief to the domination of foreign com-
merce, which has always taken advantage of
I low tariffs to reap a doubtful benefit and do us
| a double injury. From the year 1833, the last
of an era of protection, to the year 1830, in
which the effects of a low tariff culminated,
our per capita consumption of imports nearly
doubled, while bank-note circulation increased
sixty per cent., making inevitable the crash of
1837. Suppose, however, that imports had
remained stationary and there had been cor-
responding increase of consumption of products
of home industry, there must necessarily have
been a proportional increase of currency ; but
would there have been any suspension or revul-
sion? Who will dare to assert it? Can indus-
try and thrifthove too much credit? Will they
ask it ? Could it be forced upon them ? Can
idleness coupled with extravagance have any
credit without cheating somebody and bringing
somebody to ruin ?
Within certain vital limits increase of the
volume of the currency is increase of power,
human power for all purposes, and therefore
mainly for beneficent purposes. The period ot
expansion characterized by prosperity of labor
was not less distinguished by the benefactions
of wealth. The poor man who was made rich,
the rich man who was made richer, seemed to
feel that they held their riches not for themselves
but in trust for the good of their fellow men.
It was an era of charities, public and private,
organized and individual. \V hile the Christian
and Sanitary Commissions and Soldiers' Aid
Societies were distributing their millions
churches were erected, colleges endowed, and
capital made its best donation to labor by
building new factories and increasing the
capacity.of the old—a gift of larger power,
liberty, and elevation of life. I am weary ot
the cant denunciations of luxury, which come
only from the luxurious, and I do not believe
that we must return to barbarism to save our-
selves from vice. That the practice of the
Spartan Commonwealth in exposing its feeble
and deformed infants to perish is a shocking
thing to us, precisely illustrates the difference
between the iron money of Lycurgus and a
United States Treasury note.
I have briefly disputed the theories which trace
fancied evils to our " redundant currency;"
but thev mftv be answered more briefly. There
is no redundancy of the currency. England
needs and uses of money twenty-five dollars
per capita, double the amount we have in this
country, and France employs thirty dollai s per
capita. It cannot be said that the United
States require less than France and Engine'!,
for our population is more widely diffused than
thatof eitherof these countries, with the larger
and more varied demands growing out of larger
liberty, and our exchanges are made with less
rapidity than theirs. Money here has less pur-
chasing power than there—turns itself more
slowly, and has in every way less utility. An
equal amount of money would not place us
upon an equal footing. Let us go honestly to
work to make our currency exchangeable at
par for gold and silver, and then remove all
restrictions from banking capital and bank
issues, so that the "natural volume of the
1 currency" may be established and maintained
by the same law of supply and demand which
regulates production and business.
As we must always have paper currency and
banks of issue, I wish to see our national bank-
ing system reformed, extended, and perpet-
uated. The arguments for and against if have
been so able and exhaustive that I can add
nothing of worth to the controversy. But I-must
say that I would regret to see the United States
Treasury become the only bank of issue in this
country, [t is better for the Governmentand the
; people that this btlsiness should be in the hands
of the people. Whatever profits are made from
I it are not lost to the country; and the fact that
men of all parties have direction of the banks
and own the United States bonds on which
their privileges rest is a warranty against their
becoming a political power, &nd will tend
greatly to sustain the stability and credit of
the Government. I think it has been satisfac-
torily shown that in the taxes the banks pay
and the services they render, the Government
receives compensation for their privileges. If
they are dissolved and the country is turned
back upon the old' State bankfng system, the
bonds they own will be thrown upon the mar-
ket. The interest upon these must still be paid,
and the sure revenue yielded to the Treasury
by the taxation of banks will be lost.
The national system maybe made to give
equitable local distribution to the currency.
It now certainly effects a vast saving in brokei*-
' ages and exchanges to the whole people. Cer-
jl tain amendmerits to the system should be
'! made. Existing gross inequalities in the dis-
ij tribution of banking privilege should be cor-
j rected, so that the AVest and South may have
| their fair share. More important still, there
! should' be for national bank loans a uriiforin
i rate of interest prescribed by the laws of the
\ United States. This more than anything else
! will tend to give their notes a local habitation
and local uses, to prevent centralization and
relieve depression, check speculation, and
favor the people. The interests of the people
j demand a plentiful currency, and it should be
so cheap that the enterprising business man
; and the laboring poor man may have the use of
! it. The much-talked-of "tyranny of capital"
consists solely in the high charges which may
be made for the use of money; and in this the
Government has made itself the ally of the
money-lender by placing its loans at a high
rate of interest. Just as soon as it is possible,
consistent with the good faith to the public
creditor, our six per cent, bonds should be
converted into four per cents, and five per
i cent, should be fixed as the uniform rate of
bank interest. It should not be the policy of
the Government to induce capital to subsist at
ease upon the tax which it derives from labor,
but rather to make it profitable or necessary
for it to ally itself with labor, to create and
share the rewards of industry. Make capital
cheap and we will have many capitalists who
are laborers and laborers who are capitalists.
Make it cheap, and money will ally itself with
work upon terms constantly more favorable to
work. At present, securing itself from all
| risk, and without having even the necessity of
1 watchfulness or supervision, money demands
