756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
hands, for he will have to implicate not only I
individuals and States at large but also every '
member ot' Congress who voted lor the legal-
tender aet.
Purchasers of live-twenty bonds certainly
luid no legitimate ground to believe they
would be paid in coin; neither the language
of the law nor the financial condition ot' the
country justified such a conclusion, butprecisely
the reverse, and that they did not so believe
is apparent from the price which they paid.
The average gold value of the bonds since the
close of tho war in New York and Loudon has
been about seventy cents or a fraction over that
sum ; certainly, if it had been the belief or
expectation of capitalists that the principal
as well as the interest was payable in gold,
they would bave been bringing and would be
worth to-day very nearly, if not quite, par in
gold.
The fact that British consols bearing but
three per cent, interest are all the time worth
from twenty to twenty-five per cent, more in
the London market than our six per cents,
can only be accounted for on the principle that
capitalists there do not believe the latter are
payable in gold. :
It is no part of the theory of those who favor
paying these bonds in the lawful money of the
country to inflate the currency to any consid-
erable extent for that purpose. Such a course |
would be unwise, unjust, and dishonorable. I'
But it is their purpose to keep gold at a pre-
mium nntil at least the larger portion of our j
indebtednesss shall have been paid, and in no
other way can justice be done to all parties, in
no other way is it possible to make t lie capital
invested in these bonds bear its equal propor-
tion of the depreciating effects of the war.
If these bonds are to be paid in gold surely
the man who invested his greenbacks in them
is a stranger to the depreciating and devas-
tating effects of the rebellion, and it matters
not with him if the war had lasted a genera-
tion provided the Government had remained
solvent. Bnt this is not the worst feature of
the case. The man who held on to his gold
until it went up to from one hundred to one
hundred and eighty per cent., and then invested
in greenbacks, and in pursuance of the same
sharp practice reinvested his greenbacks in
bonds, made rather a nice thing of it at the
expense of the country. True, that portion of
these bonds which may remain unpaid when
the finances of the country will justify a re-
sumption of specie payment will undoubtedly
be paid in gold, but then our policy ought to
be to pay the great bulk of our indebtedness
before that jperiod arrives.
But another theory has been presented to
the country which, monstrous as it is, has found
many advocates. It proposes to issue green-
backs in amounts sufficient to pay off the whole
of the five-twenty bonds as fast as they reach
that period when they are at the option of the
Government. This theory, if carried out, would
give just now to our already large volume of
currency an addition of greenbacks amounting
to about five hundred and fifteen million dol-
lars, and at no distant day would give us an
addition of more than one thousand six hundred
million dollars, making our circulation of green-
backs alone more than two thousand million dol-
lars; and the plan, I believe, goes still further,
and proposes to substitute greenbacks for the
$300,000,000 of national bank notes now in
circulation, making the whole volume more
than twenty three hundred million dollars,
which (judging from the gold value of the
$690,000,000 of paper money now in circula-
tion) would be worth less than twenty, possibly,
less than ten cents to the dollar, the result of
which would be not only to dishonor and dis-
grace the Republic but to ruin the bondholders,
whom they represent as being "clothed in pur-
ple and fine linen, faring sumptuously every
day," all at the expense of and from the toil
and sweat of the poor man's brow, thereby tra-
ducing the rich and endeavoring to array the
poor against them.
Next to the soldiers of the Union by whose
valor, strength, and skill the Republic was
saved, 1 honor the men who in the hour of their
country's need stepped forward and furnished
the sinews of war. We could not have survived
without either the one or the other of these
classes, and I have no doubt tho Government
will do justice to both. Carry out this mam-
moth greenback doctrine and instead of pay-
ing fatherless children, pensioned widows, and
maimed soldiers in valuable funds, as is now
done, you will pay them in a depreciated and
worthless currency, worth perhaps less than
ten cents to the dollar, eight dollars of which
per month will not buy food and raiment suffi-
cient to keep the soul and body of the pen-
sioner together ; and thus by turning your
maimed heroes upon the world as beggars
you will disgrace your country forever.
If this policy is to prevail as well might
the rebellion have been a success. Ruin the
finances and you rain the nation ; by striking
down her credit you neutralize every element
of prosperity. Downright, nndisguised, and
unblushing repudiation would be preferable.
While the American people, in myjudgment,
are opposed to such measures as will tend
to force the country to a specie basis, they are
equally opposed to an undue and prodigal
issue of paper money.
PAYMENT OP THE PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. Chairman, I cannot allow myself to
adopt the theory which has been so often ad-
vocated by gentlemen on this floor and else-
where, to the effect that we ought not to try to
pay our national debt during the present gen-
eration ; that we should provide for the interest
and leave the principal for the next generation
to grapple with. These are not my views,
neither do I believe they are the views of the
sound thinking men of the country. According
to the census of 1800 the real value of property
within the United States, both personal and
real, amounted to a trifle lessthan sixteen billion
one hundred and sixty million dollars. In
this sum was included the value of slaves,
since wiped out. This was on a specie basis.
I am willing to be liberal, and suppose that in
view of present fictitious values, making a due
allowance for a moderate increase of solid
wealth, the amount on a legal-tender basis
might possibly now reach 825,000,000,000, and
in view of the loss to the country by war it
certainly could not reach a higher sum.
From the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury it will be found that our national in-
debtedness is, in round numbers, $2,500,-
000,000, and if we add the gold premium to
that portion of the debt which is certainly pay-
able in gold it will increase the amount more
than one hundred million dollars, so that from
the very best showing we can make we are in
debt fully one tenth of all we are worth.
Now, this thing called interest has the same
consuming powers, whether applied to a nation
or to a private individual, and what prudent
man can be found who, finding himself in debt
to the extent of more than one tenth of the
value of his entire property, upon which he is
I paying interest, will not, instead of folding his
j arms and leaving the debt for his children to
| grapple with, bestir himself at once not only
I to provide for the interest but also to diminish
i the principal ns rapidly as may be consistent
1 with the prosperity of his estate. It is true,
i there are nearly four hundred million dollars
j of the debt in paper money, upon which we pay
| no interest; but as soon as we get upon a specie
; basis, for which there is just now a great clamor
in some quarters, we will pay interest upon the
whole or nearly so. I know we are a great
nation, possessing a great country, with un-
bounded resources; but I also know we owe
an immense debt, and if we allow ourselves to
sleep over it and fail to make every laudable
effort to pay up, it will not only consume a
large part of our annual surplus in interest
but will also retard us in reaching our destiny,
which is, doubtless, to be the very /irst Power
on the globe.
The present is our golden opportunity, and,
in my judgment, if we let it pass unimproved
generations yet unborn will not see the debt
paid.
TAXATION otr BONDS.
Mr. Chairman, the true system of taxation
is conceded by all to be that which is levied
on every description of property according to
its true value in money. The justice of this
principle is so universally admitted that the
States of the Union have very generally incor-
porated it into their tax laws. To say that
any description of values should be exempt
from this rule is but to argue in favor of ex-
clusive privileges to the few in disregard of
the rights of the many, which will not and
ought not to be tolerated in a Government
where the people rule. And aside from this,
very few men care to hold a species of prop-
erty which must always be unpopular with the
masses, solely on the ground that it does not
in any form bear its equal proportion to the
expenses incident to the Government, either
State or national. This question is and has
been absorbing public attention, and the action
of Congress in relation thereto will be watched
with intense solicitude. Our indebtedness be-
ing more than one tenth of the value of all the
property in the United States, and yielding, as
it does, to tho owners a profit about equal to
other classes of property, it would be very diffi-
cult to convince any intelligent mind that it
ought not to bear its equal proportion of the
i burdens of taxation.
' Many of our soundest lawyers, not only in
this House but elsewhere, have conceded tho
right on the part of Congress to tax national
bonds for Government purposes. It is ex-
pressly enacted in the law of h ebruary 25,1802,
that—
"All stocks, bonds, and other securities of the Uni-
ted States held by individuals, corporations, or soci-
eties within the United States shall be exempt from
taxation by or under State authority."
While it is hardly probable that the words
"and other securities" were intended to pro-
hibit the States from taxing the greenback cur-
rency in circulation, yet it has been so decided ;
hence an act conferring this power seems neces-
sary in order to settle this important question.
But no possible misapprehension can exist as
to the clause prohibiting the States from tax-
ing the bonds held by citizens therein, which
prohibition was a specific agreement on the
part of the Government with its creditors that
the bonds purchased by them should not be
taxed by the States, and no American can be
found dishonorable enough to ask Congress to
violate this sacred pledge.
It was doubtless a wise measure on the part
of Congress to prohibit States from taxing
United States bonds, and it was equally wise
not to abandon the right on the part of tho
General Government. Stocks and bonds issued
by and under State authority have been madfe
to contribute their equal share with other prop-
erty to the burdens of State and municipal tax-
ation, and none have questioned the right of
State Legislatures to enact laws for that pur-
pose. It was right and proper during the ex-
istence of our national troubles and when we
were compelled to expend immense sums of
money, mainly to be loaned, in prosecuting the
war for the Union to refrain from taxing bonds,
from the sale of which we principally depended
for the sinews of war.
It was a kind of bounty given to the capital-
ist similar to that given to the soldier, cer-
tainly not to be continued indefinitely, nor are
the bondholders, in myjudgment, desirous that
tlii3 exemption shall be continued, knowing
that the bonds will be more stable and, as a
consequence, more valuable with than without
taxation ; and one of the leading objects should
be to make our securities popular with the
masses, for no individual cares to be spotted by
the people of the village, city, or county as the
man who pays no taxes for any purpose what-
ever.
But aside from considerations of this kind.
