758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
fund—a most efficient auxiliary in the dis-
charge of their indebtedness—and very few, if
any, who have tested the system would be
found willing to abandon it. A sinking fund
forms a part of the financial policy of my own
State, and under the efficient management of
our commissioners is enabling us to pay the
interest and reduce the priucipal of our debt
at a very commendable rate. It is stated by
AlUson in his History of Europe that if the
s tikin^ fund established under the administra-
tion of Pitt in 1786. and which continued until
1813—a period of twenty-seven years—but
which was broken in upon by the succeeding
minister, had been allowed to go on accumu-
lating until 1843 it would have amounted to a
sum sufficient to have paid in full the immense
British debt, but that now it is conceded to be
impossible, and no statesman ever thinks of
fixing a period, however remote, when the
debt can be paid.
And so it will be with ours or any other
Government which, instead of making early
and proper provision for the payment of its
debts, suffers them to run on until, like an
incurable cancer on the body-politic, they eat
out and consume the energies of the naiion.
In order to get the necessary amount of money
to establish an efficient sinking fund without
borrowing I propose that we issue $100,000,000
of United States notes; that we sell at the
market price all the surplus gold that can
possibly be spared from the Treasury, which
might amount to $50,000,000, more or less,
and that we add to it from time to time any
surplus we may be able to spare from the Treas-
ury until the amount reaches another $100,-
000.000, the $200,000,000 thus provided to be
applied to the redemption of an equal amount
of live-twenty bonds now at the option of the
Government, the gold interest on which would
amount semi-annually to $0,000,000.
Assuming that our national debt bearing
coin interest will in a few months, and when
the outstanding seven-thirty securities shall
have been fully converted into five-twenty six
per cent, bonds, will be about two thousand
one hundred million dollars, the annual inter-
est on which will vary but little from $126,-
000,000; and assuming that a tax of one per
cent, for Government purposes will be levied
on these bonds, to be deducted and withheld
from the payment of interest, which tax will
amount annually to $21,000,000; and assum-
ing. also, that this tax will go to the sinking
fund, then we will have at the end of each six
months an addition of $10,500,000arising from
the tax, and a further sum of $6,000,000 aris-
ing from the $200,000,000 in bonds, making
together $16,500,000 in gold, which, at a pre-
mium of thirty-three per cent, (and certainly
the premium would as likely be higher as
lower) would make $22,000,000 in currency,
to be reinvested at the end of the first six
months in five-twenties, and so on compound-
ing semi-annually from year to year, rapidly
increasing in amount until it at least approxi-
mates the sum of our indebtedness.
Gentlemen are perfectly aware of the prodi-
gious powers of accumulation of money at
compound interest, and especially when com-
pounded every six months, and still more espe-
cially when we have, as in the present case, in
addition to compounding semi-annually at six
per cent, the benefit of a premium of thirty-
three per cent, on gold, making the rate of
interest precisely equal to eight percent, com-
pounded semi-annually. Following the method
which I have laid down and which I regard as
strictly legitimate, it will be found that the
interestarisingfrom the $200,000,000proposed
as the basis for a sinking fund, together with
the semi-annual additions of the $10,500,000
in gold arising from tax on bonds, will amount
at the end of five years, when added to the
original $200,000,000, in round numbers to the
sum of $464,000,000. Following the same rule,
the sum at the end of ten years will amount to
$855,000,000; at the end of fifteen years to
$1,434,000,000, and at the end of nineteen
years to $2,092,000,000, being a sum sufficient
within a fraction to pay the entire interest-bear-
ing debt. |
Of course this plan embraces and carries
with it the idea that Congress will not divert
any part of the principal or accumulated fund
to other purposes than the one contemplated.
Also the amount of tax to be received from
bonds would gradually diminish in proportion
to the amount of securities taken up, which
trifling deficiency could be supplied from the
Treasury in order to preserve the operations
of the fund intact, and if it were continued but
ten years our interest-bearing debt would be
reduced more than eight hundred and fifty-five
million dollars. Neither is it indispensable to
the success of this plan that we should remain
very long in a state of suspended specie pay-
ment. A resumption would cause the accumu-
lations to be less rapid, but success would be '
equally sure, longer time only being required.
And if after a trial it should be deemed ad-
visable, we could add to the fund from time
to time by a further issue of greenbacks if \
we thought proper, or by savings from the j
Treasury, or both, such suras as we might be
able, thereby hastening the payment of the :
debt.
Nothing is easier than to assert that the idea
of a sinking fund for the purpose of paying a
debt is a simple absurdity ; that it were far
more wise to apply the money necessary to I
establish such a fund directly to the reduction I
of the debt, thereby accomplishing at once all j
that could be done. This proposition has a |
plausible appearance. But it must be borne in J
mind that the sum so applied loses its power
to accomplish further valuable results; whereas
if put into a sinking fund, there to remain un-
molested for a given period, facts and figures
prove that it will accomplish precisely the re-
sults claimed for it. And while the country
continues to pay the interest alone, which can
scarcely be felt by the masses, (arising, as it
does, mainly from duties on imported luxuries,
consumed mostly by the rich,) the principal
of the debt would be constantly reduced and
absorbed by the operations of the sinking
fund, and finally wiped entirely out. And it
must not be forgotten that the accumulative
powers of the fund will be enhanced from 1
one .third to one half by the premium on gold;
thus transferring this large profit from the ;
pockets of the bondholders, through the sink- I
ing fund, to the pockets of the people. j
But, Mr. Chairman, this plan will hardly be j
honored with a respectful examination. If for I
no other reasons it will be opposed because it
contemplates a continued suspension of specie
payment to an indefinite period and the issue
of an additional $100,000,000 of greenbacks, i
Such propositions cannot be expected to meet
the favor of gentlemen who are wedded to the
doctrine of a speedy return to a specie basis I
and a further curtailment of the currency as !
necessary to that end. Capitalists who have j
invested largely in Government securities, to- j
gether with all persons who live, upon fixed I
salaries or incomes, will likewise object; but j!
in my judgment a very large majority of the t
American people demand some such measure i|
as I am now advocating, and I believe the
unparalleled energy and enterprise evinced in
all the industrial pursuits since the end of the
war in developing and augmenting the resources
of the country have been such as to justify a
further emission of paper money to the extent
I have named.
Stagnation and dullness pervades all branches
of business. The distress existing among the
laboring classes is immense. Hundreds of
thousands of working men are out of employ-
ment. Money throughout the West commands
an interestof from ten to twenty-four per cent.;
and while a further issue would reanimate and
encourage business of every kind, it is not
believed the price of gold would be materially
affected, and if it were enhanced five or ten
per cent, who would be hurt? To my mind
it seems perfectly obvious that the issuing of
$100,000,000 would not only be a great relief
to the country but would also greatly aid us
in establishing a sinking fund which would
very much accelerate the payment of the public
debt.
We now have a circulation of some $600,-
000,000, while the tax for Government pur-
poses alone during the last fiscal year absorbed
$490,000,000, leaving but $200,080,000—a sum
far less than the immense State and municipal
taxes paid during the same period—leaving
nothing for the purposes of commerce until
national, State, and county treasuries were un-
locked. Prior to the war, when the volume of
currency was limited, the business of the coun-
try was conformed and adapted to the amount
in circulation, much larger use being made of
private paper in commercial transactions than
currency of any kind ; and in the absence of
the use of this private paper prices of every-
thing must have reached a staudard ruinously
low to the laborer, producer, and manufacturer.
But since that time, partly in consequence of
the demands incident to the war and partly
in consequence of the redundancy of curreucy,
prices have ranged at figures extremely high.
And any legislation that will tend to the re-
duction of values while an immense debt con-
tracted on full-tide prices remains unprovided
for and unpaid, either in whole or in part, will,
in my judgment, be highly reprehensible.
1 could wish all the financial views of Sec-
retary McCulloch were of such a character as
to justify my concurrence therein as fully as
the following, taken from his last annual re-
port;
"Old debts are hard debts to pay." * * * «
" The longer they are continued the more odious do
they become.'' * * * * "If the present
generation should throw the burden of this debt upon
the neit it will be quite likuly to be handed down
from one generation to another, a perpetual if not a
constantly increasing burden upon the people." *
* * * "Our country is lull of enterprse and
resources." * * * * "The debt will bo
lightened every year with great rapidity by the in-
crease of wealth and population." * * * *
"With a proper reduction in the expenses of the
Government, and with a revenue system adapted to
theiudustry ot the country and not oppressing it, the
debt may be paid betore the expiration of the pres-
ent eeiriury. * * * * "The wisdom of
a policy wliichshall bringabout such a result is vin-
dicated in advance by the hiutory of nations whoso
people are burdened with inherited debts and with
no prospect of relief for themselves or their pos-
terity."
Mr. McCulloch's inconsistency is apparent,
from the fact that in the same report he recom-
mends a continued contraction of the currency,
the funding of thedebtiu long six per cent, gold
bonds, and a speedy return to specie payments,
which recommendations, if carried out, so far
from accelerating the payment of the public
debt, would stand as insurmountable barriers
to its payment within the next titty years, if
ever. Make money scarce in order to facilitate
the payment of debts, take up currency bonds
and give gold ones in order to benefit the hold-
ers, come to a specie basis in order to reduce
values, thereby tempting the people to repu-
diate. Greater absurdities and incongruities
would be hard to find.
It is true that we have a country of almost
unbounded extent, possessing all the elements
of individual and national wealth ; it is true
that the resources of the country are being
rapidly developed and that our population is
increasing at a rate unequaled in the history
of the world ; but isthatany argument why we
should not avail ourselves of the present pro-
pitious times and lay such a foundation as will
insure the payment of our indebtedness within
the next twenty years without any undue tax-
ation or oppression to the people ? Certainly
not.
The fertility of our valleys, the richness of
our mines, and the extent of our domain are
among the glories of the American citizen ; but,
so far from having anything in this line for sale
from which to pay our debts, an unconquerable
desire seems to crop out in high places for the
possession of more country, without regard to
its quality or to our ability to pay for it.
