762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
admiration for the Constitution, such their love
for the individual rights which it protected,
such was their eoufideuee aud faith in ita jus-
tice aud its power to guaranty to them the
most ample protection, that in the assertion
of those individual rights which belonged to
them us a free people, thai by i\ very decided
majority they voted the convention down, and
firmly held in their own hands the right for
euch man to fix his own status. Then there
was uot within the State any armed force hos-
tile to the U nion. The people were so deter-
mined, the vote so decisive, that the enemies
of the Government seemed for the time dis-
mayed, and the loyal people believed that the
storm had passed and that they were safe from
the plots and intrigues of those who would
destroy the Government. But in those days
of wild fanaticism, when disloyally seemed to
be in the atmosphere and treason an epidemic
monomania, the officers of State, corrupt and
ready to sacriiice the people and their dearest
interests, surrendered such arms as belonged
to the State, under the control of a disloyal
Governor. Then came the bombardment of
Sumter; then a scene which will never be
realized by any except those who looked upon
it. The wildest state of excitement per-
vaded the whole country. The Governor called
the Legislature to assemble in extra session by
telegraph. It, in violation of the State con-
stitution, closed its doors and sat in secret ses-
sion, and when the doors were again opened
the loyal people found that the Legislature,
without having authority for any such act, and
in the face of the majority of sixty-four thou-
sand given in February,,had annulled the provis-
ions of their constitution and formed a league
with treason. Troops from the seceded States
were admitted into the State and an election
ordered to sanction or to condemn the action
of the Legislature. The principal towns and
ciues were occupied by rebel troops; Union
men were everywhere threatened and de-
nounced in the most bitter and unrelenting
manner; and under circumstances of this sort
what was called an election was held. In many
parts of the State long-tried and trusted lead-
ers, iu whose patriotism the people had hitherto
bad the most unbounded confidence, quailed
before the terrible storm, and, insomeinstances,
espoused the cause of treason.
But it is true that others breasted the excite-
ment, and although it seemed to be at the peril
of their lives went forth to defend with argu-
ments based upon the Constitution and the love
of country the union of these States, and more
than forty thousand votes were cast in favor of
the Union, notwithstanding that in large dis-
tricts of country Union men were intimidated
by rebel bayonets and out of fear failed to go
to the polls. At this time the people were
rich, not because of the gold they possessed, but
because they were more universally than any
other people upon the earth surrounded by all
the comforts of life. Their farms were well
stocked, their granaries were full. Not only
did they possess the necessaries of life, but
luxury was everywhere to be seen, and there
was no such thing as poverty and want in the
land. From the 8th of June, 1861, until the
1st of January, 1802, the communication of
the Union people of Tennessee and the States
south of it was cut off; and to them all was
dark and gloomy, though there seemed to be
a lull in the storm of persecution. But then it
broke out in a fury which seemed to have no
bounds. The loyalist refused to treat confed-
erate treasury notes as money, and for that of-
fense even tax collectors were imprisoned, and
good and true loyal neighbors of mine were
thrust into prison at New Orleans, where they
remained uutil the flag of their country had
humbled the pride of the haughty city.
Next came the order from rebel authority to
disarm them; this they regarded as the pre-
lude to conscription, and thousands with their
old sporting guns fled to the mountains and
the friendly swamps for protection. Then in
swarms came the officers in confederate uni-
forms to conscript them, and hundreds and
thousands fell into their hands; they filled
southern jails or left their muskets at rebel
camps and sought protection in the dark for-
ests : ilieir property was made to supply the
demands of the rebel army. Thousands, by
sealing mountains and wading swamps, under
shelter of the darkest hours of the night, piloted
and led by that unyielding devotion to their
country and faith which know no doubt, finally
reached the Army of the Union. To prevent
them from going into the Federal Army laws
were passed providing for the confiscation of
their property. These they defied, and asserted
their citizenship of the United States; and at
the time as earnestly believed as they did the
fact that every man must die that their Gov-
ernment would proteetand defend them. Their
faith iu its power to sustain itself against the
assaults of its enemies, and in its justice to its
citizens and friends, was only equaled by their
zeal in ita support. Again the scene changed ;
the army which carried the flag they loved
came through the State, and in almost every
regiment they found their friends and they gave
to them a hearty welcome. The old and the
young, the male and female, rejoiced in the
fact that the nation's success in maintaining its
existence was being made manifest, and all
that they could do for the soldier was done
with a hearty good will. But the varied sue-
cesses of the contendi ng forces produced in these
people all the varied shades of feeling to which
a human being is subject; to-day General Buell
moved in triumph across the State, and then
the rebel General Bragg, bj' a Hank movement
across it, made it necessary that Buell should
countermarch. Then in turn Bragg falls back,
aud Buell and Rosecrans^move forward. These
movements, and many others of a similar
character, with all their attendant posts and
flanking forces carried the Federal soldier to
very near every residence in the State, whether
it was a palace or a cabin. If the owner was
loyal the soldier was always welcome; it made
no difference whether lie came for the purpose
of bringing glad tidings or whether he was
hunting supplies for the Army.
The loyal people of Tennessee believed that
the obligations between the citizen and the ,
Government were mutual, that the citizen was
bound to be faithful and true to the Govern-
ment through good and evil report, and they ;
just as sincerely believed that it was the duty
of the Government to protect and defend the
citizen iu person and property at all hazards,
and to cease not iu its efforts until every right ((
was fully guarantied. It was such opinions as :j
these, which had been derived from the Con- !
stitution, which caused more than forty thou- !
sand of the loyal white men to enter the Army j
of the Union. And when they were called upon
for supplies they did not stop to inquire whether ]
the officer making the demand was a quarter-
master or a commissary, whether he was a
general or a sergeant. I have seen them, when
six thousand Federal troops were marching j
without a train of supplies, furnish, within six
hours after they had received notice of the
fact, rations and forage for two days, and not
a foraging party was sent out; but it was all
brought by the citizens to the camp; not a 1
receipt was asked, not a receipt was given. I j
have seen thein bring their horses to the camp j
and donate them to the private soldier, and then ]
I have seen these same people made so poor j
by the ravages of war and the foraging parties
from first one side and then the other that in
that vicinity there was not on an average one
bushel of corn to the family.
Notwithstanding the fact that those who were
so disloyal to the Government were vehement
in their declarations that the Union men were
to be treated just as those were who had en-
gaged in the rebellion, they could be induced
to believe no such thing; they repelled the
charge, and boldly asserted, as they believed,
that the Government would be just to them ; :
their faith was unshaken, and the greater the
necessity of the nation the more active and
zealous were they in its support; aud in thou-
sands of instances, when the husbands were
hundreds of miles away in the Union army,
the wife and the mother, with her half-clad
children standing around her, was called on to
divide her scanty store of provisions or to sur-
render the last horse. Though starvat ion seemed
to threaten her little ones, still hope had not
been extinguished, and her faith in the justice
of the Government was not diminished; though
her heart was heavy and sad at the thought
that the sacrifice had to be made, still she re-
membered that it was for her country, and her
prayers and her blessings went with her little
store. What a difference iu the situation of
the loyal citizens of a northern and a southern
State ! In the one case the aged anvl the fam-
ilies of the soldiers and their property were
secure from molestation, and law and order
prevailed. Not so in the South ; their prop-
erty was liable to confiscation by confederate
laws, and was every day liable to destruction,
and the very life of the loyal man was every
moment in peril. The one was far removed
from danger, and the other was in its very
presence.
Let us examine one moment more into the
action of the loyal men of Tennessee. In
1802 the President of the United States offered
an inducement for those not represented in
Congress to send forward their representatives,
and forthwith, though hostile and contending
forces were in their very midst, they elected
and sent forward loyal men to represent them.
Again the wave of war rolled over ihem, but
the veuy moment that they had time to breathe,
upon the call of the military governor to
organize their State government by the elec-
tion of county officers, they nobly did so, on
the 4th of March, 1864, electing loyal officers.
Their officers were arrested and by rebel au-
thority lodged in southern prisons. Still theit
love and devotion to the Union were not extin-
guished, and early in 1865, still more deter-
mined than ever to assert their rights as citizen?
of the United States, they assembled in con-
vention and proposed amendments to their
State constitution to make it conform to the
changes in circumstances, and to show to the
people of the Union and civilized world that
it was not for the gold that the national power
might be able to gather from its citizens that
they adhered to its cause, but that they were
devoted to the sacred principles of equality,
justice, and liberty, for the preservation of
which the Government had been formed. And
they regarded these principles as being of more
value than all treasure. Moved by feelings of
this kind, they, with a heroism aud determined
purpose which has perhaps never before been
equaled, marched boldly forward and sacri-
ficed upon the altar of their country's welfare
their slave property, of the value of $150,000,-
000; and let it be borne in mind that this was
done at a time when a war of the most deso-
lating chars>oter had swept away nearly all the
wealth they had possessed of every other kind.
And still the war raged. Is this all? No,
sir. Without expense to the nation they have
reorganized their State government, they have
brought order out of confusion and established
their relations with the Federal Government.
Notwithstanding their bank capital and school
fund were swallowed up in the terrible war,
her railroad interests were prostrated and their
liabilities upon their internal improvement
bonds largely increased by interest accruing
during the war, still they moved steadily fir-
ward, and have met all the liabilities of the
Slate and raised by taxation a school fund of
more than eight hundred thousand dollars.
The demoralization consequent upon the war
had to be corrected, and the prosecutions have
cost the State ifil 75,000. And that the changed
relations of the people might produce no seri-
ous difficulty it was deemed advisable to main-
tain a militia force, which has cost $194,595.
Still all this has been paid. The charitable in-
stitutions of the State, like the property of her
loyal citizens, suffered most terribly during
the war, and in some instances the very build-
ings were leveled to the ground to make room
for the fortifications of our Army. And si ill
