764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
January 27,
mpnse income in some other way. But let us
pre liow far these statements are supported by
the facts. It appears from the report of the
Commi^arv General of the 10th of October.
18i'>7, that the total amount of claims filed
in his office under the act of July, 1864, is
$2.4',>3,257 45, and that of this amount there
has only been approved seven hundred and
thirty claims, amounting in the aggregate to
$200,955 1>2: and it appears on page 8 of
the Quartermaster General's report that dur-
ing the fiscal year the entire amount of claims
presented at that office is $13.9-4,764 10, and
that $5,440,041 48 have been approved. These
reports show that the aggregate of clnims filed
in these offices is less than sixteen million dol-
lars, and that the aggregate amount approved
is $5,040.0% 32, and that the entire amount
of claims filed as above stated, including valid
and unjust, is less in amount than the amount
received by the Government since the close
of hostilities for unserviceable animals, that
amount being $16,245,716 40, an amount nearly
three times as great as the amount approved.
The aggregate amount of these claims, even
if they should all, npon examination, prove to
be just and legal demands against the United
States, which is by no means probable, would
be less in amount by more than three million
dollars than the Government pays in gold to
the wealthy bankers for the privilege of circu-
lating the notes of the national banks, and but
little over half if this gold payment was con-
verted into currency. And this national bank
currency, it is believed, could be withdrawn
and its place supplied by greenbacks, and thus
there would be saved to the Treasury annually
an amount almost sufficient to pay these claims
twice over. Can it be possible that the glitter
of wealth has such charms for the American
people that they are to contribute such an
amount to pamper the rich and to be so unjust
as to be wil ling to refuse to pay to the poor their
just and legal demands against the Govern-
ment, or has capital concentrated in the hands
of the few such power over the nation that it
fears to be just? Have we become so enslaved
by it that we are afraid to assert the existence
of the first principles of government? This
cannot, it must not be; the nation must keep
its faith with its citizens—more of the burdens
of the Government must not be imposed upon
one citizen than another. The honor of the
country must not be sacrificed.
J ustice demands that provision shall be made
fur the adjustment and satisfaction of these
claims, and that the act of July, 1864, which
was by joint resolution, approved June 8,1866,
and by an act approved July 28, 1866, and by
joint resolution approved March 2, 1867, ex-
tended to a part of West Virginia, Tennessee,
Ohio, and Indiana, which has up to this time
only proved a source of annoyance to the peo-
ple. slta.ll be so amended or explained as to ena-
ble those having claims againstthe Government
to have an opportunity of a full and fair invest-
igation of the matter. The present mode of
investigation, as conducted by the Government
through its secret agents, operates most unjustly
upon their reports, made upon mere hearsay,
the very existence of theclaimants is frequently
ignored, and the sworn testimony of witnesses
set aside; and others are pronounced disloyal
upon mere rumor, and their evidence, taken
regularly, is discredited by mere opinion, formed
upon rumor, and that opinion expressed with-
out the solemnity of an oath. Such a mode of
taking evidence is contrary to all the rules of
evidence and not sanctioned by judicial opinion
or practice anywhere, and the injustice is so
glaring, the grievance so great, that justice
demands an open and fair investigation accord-
ing to the weli established rules of law.
A bill will be presented, the object and pur-
pose of which will be to enable the loyal citi-
zen to establish his just demands against the
Government, and so guarded as to protect the
Government against fraud ; and it is to be
hoped that Congress will take such action upon
it as will satisly the citizens that the nation
intends that, while it requires tliein to preserve
; and maintain true allegiance to it, it will fulfill
the great end and object of government and
strictly comply with ail of its duties to the citi-
zen, and that it will faithfully and promptly
pay and discharge all its liabilities to the indi-
vidual citizens according to the letter and spirit
of the obligation.
Mr. MAYNARD then moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair. Mr. Paixe reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the an-
nual message of the President of the United
States, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. MAYNARD,
(at five o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m,,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of William
P. Thomasson, (together with accompanying
papers,) of Louisville, Kentucky, praying Con-
gress to reimburse him for certain damages
sustained while acting for the Government as
superintendent of freedmen's affairs.
|l By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
i! Resolutions unanimously passed at a large
'' mass meeting held in Fitchburg, Massachu-
setts, at the town hall, January 18,1868, in
favor of this Government protecting its citi-
zens abroad, and that it insist that Great Britain
shall accede to these claims.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 27, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were read twice by their titles re-
spectively, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 152) for the relief of the
widow and children of Henry E. Morse;
A bill (H. R. No. 236) granting a pension to
John Q. A. Keck, late a private in the third
1 Missouri cavalry;
A bill (H. R. No. 246) granting a pension to
Milton Anderson;
A bill (H. R. No. 257) for the relief of
James L. Dickerson;
A bill (H. R. No. 258) for the relief of Mary
E. Craig:
A bill (H. R. No. 280) to grant a pension to
Margaret Huston;
A bill (H. R. No. 411) for the relief of
Almira Wyeth ;
A bill (H. R. No. 51C) for the relief of the
widow and minor children of Benjamin B.
Navlor, late a pilot on the gunboat Patapsco ;
A bill (H. R. No. 517) granting a pension to
Cornelia K. Schmidt, widow of Adam Schmidt,
deceased, late a private in company A, thirty-
; seventh Ohio volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 518) granting a pension to
George F. Gorham, late a private in company
B, twenty-ninth regiment Massachusetts volun-
teer infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 519) granting a pension to
Eliza J. Rennard, widow of William K. Ren-
nard, deceased, late a private in tenth Ohio
volunteers of the war of 1861;
A bill (H. R. No. 520) to place the name of
Josephine K. Bngher on the pension-rolls;
A bill (H. R. No. 521) to place the name of
Solomon Zachman on the pension-rolls;
A bill (H. R. No. 522) granting a pension to
W. W. Cuningham;
it A bill (II. R. No. 523) granting a pension to
James S. Todd;
A bill (H. R. No. 524) granting a pension to
Austin M. Partridge;
A bill (H. R. No. 525) granting a pension to
Jeremiah T. Hallet; and
A bill (H. R. No. 520) increasing the pen-
sion of Susan A. Mitchell.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Commissioner of
the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands, communicating, in compliancc
with a resolution of the Senate of the 24th
■ instant, a copy of the eircular letter discharg-
ing the officers and agents of the bureau on
the 15th of February, proximo, and the re-
ports of assistant commissioners and others
relative to the effect of the issue of said circu-
lar letter; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
cotton tax.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had non-concurred in the re-
port of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 207) to exempt cotton from
internal tax.
enrolled bills stoned.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 171) for the relief of desti-
tute persons in the South; aud it was signed
by the President pro tempore.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the State constitutional conven-
tion of Mississippi in favor of a continuance of
the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands until the work of reconstruction
shallhave been completed, and that inquiry be
made into the character and sympathies of
many of the officers and agents in that State,
and the dismissal of such as are found to be
incompetent; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented resolutions adopted at a
mass meeting of citizens of Fitchburg, Massa-
chusetts, in relation to the rights of American
citizens abroad; which were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented resolutions of the consti-
tutional convention of Georgia, urging that
Congress authorize that body to declare vacant
the chief executive office of the State and to
fill the same; also to provide for the removal
through the executive officer thus selected of
all persons hostile to reconstruction and the
filling of the vacancies by said Executive and
a modification of the " test-oath which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented two petitions of
citizens of Vermont, praying the establishment
of a line of mail steamships between the Uni-
ted States and the republic of Liberia ; which
were referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington, District of Columbia,
praying an appropriation for the pavement of
Indiana and Louisiana avenues in that city;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. HARLAN presented a petition of Nich-
olas Callan, clerk of the levy court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, praying that the register of
Washington, register of Georgetown, and the
clerk of the levy court may be compensated for
their services in preparing the ballots and
drawing the jurors for the courts of the Dis-
trict; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. CAMERON presented q petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia and Delaware county,
Pennsylvania, praying an appropriation for
building a pier at Chester, Pennsylvania; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of Caroline M.
Purvianee and Francis Wyeth, praying com-
pensation for the use of their property iu St.
Joseph, Missouri, and for the destruction of
