1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
the same; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
lie atso presented a petition of iron and steel
manul.icturers in Pennsylvania, praying an
increase ot the duties on imported irou and
steel; which was referred to the Committee on
Financi".
lie also presented a petition of citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying such
legislation as will give protection to the labor
and industry of the country; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
lie also presented a .petition of citizens of
Fenusj lvamu, praying the passage of a general
pension law tor the benefit of the surviving
sobers and the widows of soldiers of the war
of 1#12; which was referred to the Committee
oil Pensions.
Mr. \\ 1LLEY presented a petition of Louisa
Fitch, widow of the late E. P. Fitch, captain
and assistant quartermaster United States vol-
unteers, praying to be allowed a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citizens
of Nebraska, praying the establishment of a
land office at Beatrice in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lauds.
Mr. N1E presented a petition of members
of Oneida tribe of Indians, praying the passage
ot a law enabling them as a tribe or nation to
obtain redress for lands sold from them by the
State of New York ; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. 110 WARD presented a petition of John
Dean, late a lieutenant in the Army, praying
that the act giving three months' extra pay
proper to all officers below the grade of briga-
dier general who shall be in commission pre-
vious to the 3d day of March, 1865, may be so
amended that all officers below that grade being
in commission previous to the 3d day of March,
lbtio, and who served till the close of the war
or until mustered out, may be entitled to the
benefits of the act, notwithstanding they may
not have been mustered into the several regi-
ments to which they were commissioned by
reason of their being in the field at the date and
receipt of their commissions; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. MORTON presented additional papers
in relation to the application of Charles N.
Goulding, late assistant quartermaster of vol-
unteers ; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to the widow of
Thomas Gregg to withdraw from the files of the Sen-
ate the memorial of citiaensof Pennsylvania praying
the renewal of the patent for ball-proof vessels to the
widow of Thomas Gregg, deceased, together with the
accompanying papers.
Mr. SL7.J£NER. I move that the Commit-
tee on Pensions be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Ann Augusta
Pinknev, praying to be allowed a pension, and
that the petitioner be authorized to withdraw
her papers from the files. No report has been
made on the case, and I make this motion at
the suggestion of the chairman of the com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY. I move that the Committee
on Pensions be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of certain citi-
zens of Connecticut, praying that a pension be
granted to Charles lIcElroy. There has been
no adverse report, and I make the motion at
the suggestion of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Pensions. I move also that the peti-
tioner have leave to withdraw the papers.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensions be dis-
charged from thelurther consideration of thepetition
of William Trevor, praying an increase of pension,
and that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
Mr. COXNESS. I move that the Commit-
tee on I'eiinums be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of Frederick
Richards, praying that a pension be granted
him, and that he have leave to withdraw the
papers, it being the opinion of the committee
that the Pension Bureau may now grant the
prayer of the petitioner without legislation.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, the Com-
mittee on Pensions were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Mary
II. Burke, praying to be allowed a pension,
and the petitioner was granted leave to with-
draw her papers.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ^ ILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of the Governors and State
officers of several States urging the distribu-
tion to pensioners of the individual memorial
invented by B. C. Baker and F. C. Wetherly,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that the memorialists have
leave to withdraw the memorial from the files
of the Senate; which was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS, from the Committee on Pen-
: sions, to whom was referred the petition of W.
B. Edwards, praying an increase of pension,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that the petitioner have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers; which
was agreed to.
GO VEEN MENTAL POLICY.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tions ; which were ordered to be printed and
lie on the table:
Whereas the people of the United States are griev-
ously burdened by an enormous public debt, and a
system of unequal and unjust t&xatiom to rake money
to pay the interest upon it, and from time to time
Eortions of the principal, and their industry and
usiness have been greatly disorganized and depressed
by the ravages and destruction of the war, and by
misgovernment and unnecessary and wasteful ex-
penditures since its termination; now to inaugurate
some measures for their relief:
llait resolved, That Congress ought atonee to cease
its war upon the Constitution, the President, the Su-
preme Court, and the white people of the southern
States, and give sedulous and faithful attention to
its own appropriate duties.
Resolved, That the poople of the southern States
ought not to be further obstructed by Congress in
their eft'orts to resume fully their proper relations
te the Government of the United States, by the form-
ation of their respective governments and laws
under the Constitution, and to regain their former
prosperity by giving their undivided attention, time,
and energies to their industries and business.
Resolved^ That Congress ought immediately, earn-
estly, and in the best faith to enter upon a thorough
system of retorm, retrenchment, and economy in the
administration and expenditures of the Government
in every branch of the public service.
Resolved, That the Kreedmen's Bureau ought to be
forthwith abolished, that the people may be relieved
from taxes to the amount of the annual teng of mil-
lions which thcyhaveto pay for itsmaintenance, and
both the black and white races ot the South be left
to choose their own fields of labor and to struggle for
their own support.
Resolvc:l. That to relieve the people from the pay-
ment of otlv r taxes to the amount of $50,000,000 an-
nually, the stauding army should be reduced to
twenty thousand men, rank and file.
Resolved, That to save the further heavy drafts
upon the Treasury caused by the reconstruction
policy of Congress, it ought to be abandoned, and the
acts organizing it be repealed.
liesolved, That the unconstitutional tax on cotton
ought to be wholly abolished, and the tax collected
be refunded to those who paid it.
Resolved, That spirits, tobacco, and luxuries ought
to be so taxed as to produce the largest amounts of
revenue from tliom; and to this, and as well as to
prevont frauds and perjuries without limit, and to
obviate a most complicated and expensive system of
assessment and collection, whisky should be taxed
at the rate of titty cents per gallon, to be paid by the
distiller.
Resolved, That the bonds of the United States held
by individuals and corporations ought to be assessed
with a reasonable rate of tax.
Retolved, That the necessaries of life, and raw
materials and other articles entering into manufac-
tures and ship-building, ought to be subjected to the
lowest rates of duty that the financial necessities of
the Government will permit.
BRITISH TRIALS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested, if in his opiniou not incompatible with
the public interest, to communicate to the Senato
copies of any corresi>ondenpe"on the file.- of the State
Department relating to the arrest and trial of Rev.
i 5 *lpMahon. Robert Lynch, and John Warren
by the British Government, with a report of the ac-
, tion of the Government of tho United States in these
cases, and generally what has been done by our Gov-
ernment tor the maintenance of the rights of fellow-
citizens abroad.
CAPTURED AND ABANDONED COTTON.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish the Senate a statement of the
amount of each sale of captured and abandoned
cotton, together with the name of the agent by whom
each sale was made, the time when it was made, the
time when the proceeds of each sale were covered
into the Treasury of the United States, and in whose
hands or possession tho money received from each
sale was from the time of such sale till it was so cov-
ered into the Treasury, the name of every person
who, during that period, had possession or control
of sucli proceeds, or any part thereof, and for how
long a period; and that the Secretary also furnish
the Senate a statement showing the names and resi-
dences of all individuals by, through, or under whom
each person to whom any captured or abandoned
cotton, or its proceeds, in the custody of the Depart-
ment or any of its agents, as captured or abandoned
cotton, was released or given up.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FERRY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
, 28-1) to provide for the admission of imported
dye-stuffs free of duty; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Fi-
j nance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
285) to remove the disability of certain citizens
of Virginia: which was read twice by its title,
| and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. PAF1ERSON, of New Hampshire,
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
! leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 286) to incor-
porate the National Life Insurance Company
of the United States of America; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 287) granting the right of way and lands
i to the Pecos and Placer Mining and Ditch Com-
pany of New Mexico ; which was read twice by
j its title, referred to the Committee on Public
i Lands, and ordered to be printed.
| Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
| consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
I No. 288) for the relief of P. Jennings ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. ROSS asked, and by unanimous con-
seut obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
289) granting lands to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from Fort
Scott, Kansas, in the direction of Santa Fe,
New Mexico; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 290) respecting the even-numbered sec-
tions of the public lands along the lines of the
Pacific railroads; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 93) granting permission
to officers and soldiers to wear the badge of
the corps in which they served during the war;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
ROBERT M. PATTON.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Robert M. Patton. It is very import-
ant that this bill should be acted on, so that
the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom a
large number of similar cases have been referred,
may know what the action of the Senate is to
be. The action of the Senate on the case of
Patton will be a guide to the committee iu
other cases.
