1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
viduals are concerned, but especially where
the pains and penalties of the criminal laws are
to be dispensed with, or of laws which are in
their operation quasi criminal.
So much, Mr. President, with regard to the
general objection which, in my judgment, lies
against this proposed legislation. There is
another and a practical objection, and that is
this: that it is impossible that Congress should
exercise this dispensing power in a fair and
just manner. It is in the very nature of things
impossible that prejudice and partiality should
not come into our deliberations and influence
the votes of members, and hence it is in the
highest degree impolitic for us to enter upon
the enactment of bills of this sort.
As to Governor Patton, what do the Senate
know about him, except that the Senator from
Nevada reads a letter from some military officer
expressing an opinion about this gentleman's
merits? Is he any more meritorious than per-
haps twenty thousand other citizens of the
State of Alabama? Where is his superior
mei-it over that of other individuals in that
State? No doubt there are thousands and
thousands of men in the State of Alabama
who have just as much merit as individuals as
this gentleman has, and yet he is to be picked
out by a bill or resolution of Congress and all
political disabilities removed from him, while
all the others equally meritorious with himself
are to be subject to the pressure of the exist-
ing laws. Is this a fair system? Is this dis-
tributing justice in a regular and proper man-
ner to the inhabitants of the country? Or is
it not what I said it was, in its very nature
a system of favoritism, to which the Senate
ought not to commit itself? I might say many
other things, but I only mention the leading
points.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rise
merely to say that I shall vote for this bill;
bflt I should very much prefer that an am-
nesty almost universal should be issued now.
I took occasion at an early day after the ter-
mination of the war to advise the issuing of
such an amnesty, but that has not been done,
and I see no present opportunity at least, and
none likely to exist for some time to come,
when a measure of that sort would be adopted.
In the meantime, whenever application shall
be made to Congress to remove disability from
any one of the southern gentlemen who I think
should have the disability removed from hiin, I
shall vote for it. I concur, however, with the
honorable member from Pennsylvania [-Mr.
Blckalew] in saj ing that it may be attended
with inconvenience. We are now dealing with
a population who have been involved in the
difficulties in which the particular gentleman
is involved, numbering some six or seven mil-
lion people——
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished business
of the last sitting is before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who, I believe,
has the floor on the special order, will allow a
vote to be taken upon this proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. The unfinished business is
the resolution from the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, whatever it may
be, let it be laid aside for the present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be some
debate on this. I notice that the Senator from
Kentucky desires to speak.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the debate is likely to
be protracted, I will not ask it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to say some-
thing about it also. Perhaps there may be
others.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall not occupy more than
five minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have said, Mr. President,
all that I propose to say on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand the
Senator from Kentucky to say that he desires
to debate at any length the proposition?
Mr. DAVIS. I want to say a few words,
not to occupy more than five minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to say some-
thing about it.
MARITIME EXHIBITION AT HAVRE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the day is the joint resolution (S. R. No.
89) providing for the representation of the
LTnited States at the international maritime
exhibition to be held at Havre.
Mr. WILSON. I will allow the regular
order to go over for half an hour.
Mr. SUMNER. My resolution is before
your matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (S. R. liTo. 89) providing for the
representation of the United States at the in-
ternational maritime exhibition to be held at
Havre is before the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will be voted
on now without anv further discussion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone
that, if that be the order of the day, and all
other business, for the purpose of going on for
half an hour with the question under consid-
eration, the bill for the relief of Mr. Patton
from disabilities. I move to postpone all
business before the Senate for the purpose of
continuing the consideration of that bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it would be a better
economy of time for the Senate to dispose of
the resolution which is the actual order at this
moment, and which has already been twice
before the Senate. I am not aware that there
is to be an v discussion on it. I do not desire
to say anything more. It is a resolution that
explains itself. It is of practical interest to a
large number of persons at this moment, and
I submit that there should be no delay. I hope,
therefore, by general consent, we can take the
vote, and then I shall make no objection to
proceeding with the proposition of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. RAMSEY. When will this exhibition
occur?
Mr. SUMNER. The coming spring and
summer.
1 Mr. RAMSEY. At what time?
Mr. SUMNER. The exhibitors are to file
their notices in the month of February.
Mr. RAMSEY. We have time enough for
that matter.
Mr. SUMNER. I assure the Senator there
is not time enough. I feel it my duty to speed
it. I am sure there is no occasion for discus-
sion. I have no desire to discuss it. There
is nothing which involves any appropriation.
It is simply in the nature of an authorization
i to the Navy Department to send one or more
Navy officers to be present at the exhibition,
and in going there they are simply to do what
the smallest Governments of Europe have
done; what I think Greece has done; what
Prussia has already done; what some of the
secondary states of Germany, like Bavaria and
even the Grand Duchy of Baden, have done;
what Spain and Portugal have done; what
Brazil has done. All of these have appointed
commissioners to be present at this exhibition.
Now, the people of the United States are pre-
eminently a commercial people. Our interests
in commerce are second only to those of one
other Power in the world, if they are second
there. Here is a peculiarly commercial ex-
hibition, in which our citizens are interested.
There is no appropriation ; there is no expense
involved. The committee to whom it was
referred, on careful consideration, have put
aside every idea of expense, and have reported
a resolution which simply provides for a rep-
resentation by a Navy officer detailed by the
Navy Department. Now, I hope that the
Senate will act on the resolution without any
further discussion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If we are to discuss
that resolution there is something to be said
upon the other side with regard to it. I have
moved to pass it by and proceed with the mat-
ter which was under consideration during the
morning hour. I hope the Senate will do that;
but if we are to proceed with this resolution I
I have something to say about this coming
exhibition, which is got np by the city of
Havre, as I see by looking at the papers. There
is going to be an exhibition at Havre of the
same things which were at Paris in the general
exposition last year. Belgium and Italy are
going to exhibit the same "articles pertaining
to their marine which figured at the grand
exposition, and have appointed special com-
missioners to reside at Havre." "Great Brit-
ain has. promised to appoint a commissioner,
and no less than seven hundred and thirty-three
English exhibitors are now inscribed." "Swe-
den, Norway, and Denmark have already ap-
pointed commissioners, and their Governments
have promised to send all the objects exhibited
by their marine departments at the Paris Ex-
hibition. " " Prussia has appointed a commis-
sioner, and will exhibit its marine models, &c.,
which figured at Paris." The city of Havre, it
seems, wants an exposition, and has got these
Governments to send articles that were at Paris
down there, and they have applied to the em-
peror and empress of the French to give it
their countenance. The circular of our consul
at Havre states:
"I learn from a reliable source that his majesty the
emperor, the empress, and the prince imperial will
all furnish a number of prizes."
But, sir, I am called npon by Senators to let
the vote be taken on the motion to lay aside
this and all other business and proceed with
Governor Patton's aase. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I listened
in vain to hear any reason from the Senator
from Illinois. He tells us that certain Powers
of Europe have appointed commissioners to be
present there. Sweden, Norway, Denmark,
Prussia, Hamburg, Bremen, Spain, and Por-
tugal, he says, have appointed commissioners
to attend this exhibition. I understand his
argument to be that therefore we should not
appoint them. I cannot put the two things
together in any other way than that. Now, it
does seem to me that the commercial posi-
tion of the United States at this moment im-
poses upon it certain obligations. There is an
old saying of the feudal times, "nobility
obliges." Commerce obliges, also. Commerce
imposes its obligations upon those who repre-
sent it on so grand a scale as our country does
at this moment. Here is a commercial exhibi-
tion in which the commerce of the United
States is interested. There is not a sailor who
sails the sea, there is not a merchant who owns
a vessel, there is not a manufacturer who sends
his articles across the ocean, who is not inter-
ested in this exhibition. Now, if I understand
the Senator, be proposes that the United States
shall renounce all association with such an
effort, that it shall absent itself, that it shall do
nothing there. I do not agree with him. I
do not ask any appropriation by which our
country shall be led into any additional ex-
pense, but I do wish that our country should
be associated with the other countries of the
world in the support of this commercial enter-
prise, that is all.
I hope there will be a vote on this proposi-
tion. I do not wish to say anything more. I
do not wish to extend my remarks. What I
have said I have made as brief as possible.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, for one lam indisposed to enter into any
competition where we are sure to be beaten.
We expended $500,000 in order to make a
show at the exhibition at Paris, and_ that was
so insufficient that we came out, if not dis-
graced, without credit, because it was not equal
to our known capacity or what was notoriously
within our ability to do if we had been more
liberal in the expenditure or if the Exposition
had been not so far away from us. Now, I do
not know how we can get along without some
expenditure in sending a commission abroad.
It may be that we can, but if we undertake it in
that way we are sure to come out as we did before,
if not disgraced, far below any position we ought
to occupy. I am, therefore, not for taking any
national recognition of this second edition of
