1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
heart* throb for humanity, who have been the
champions of Christian civilization in the west-
ern world; these northern radicals who have
written their names on the pages of history
th,it the world will not let die, have a record
which coming ages will reverence. When
their deeds are traced, as they will be, by the
iron pen ot' history, they will be read and
studied by coming generations with beaming
eyes and throbbing hearts. Here, in the Sen-
ate of the United States, when their grand
work is nearly accomplished, they are assailed,
their motives questioned, their purposes mis-
represented, and they who have been the
champions of patriotism, liberty, justice, and
humanity, are now branded as despots and
tyrants. I tell the Senator from Wisconsin
that in spite of obloquy and reproach, miscon-
ception or misrepresentation, they will with
renewed and resolved spirits go right forward to
the final accomplishment of their high destiny.
The triumph of the doctrines avowed as the
policy of the Administration and the southern
radicals by the Senator from Wisconsin would
brutalize and barbarize the American people.
Iheir triumph would smite civilization in the
face. Sir, the human race cannot afford to
have men like the Senator from Wisconsin and
the men whose cause he advocates triumph in
this country. I can almost say, without irrev-
erence, that God cannot permit such a crime
to be committed against all that is pure and
holy on earth as would be by the triumph of
the cause which the Senator from Wisconsin
advocates. The amendment now before us was
offered for the purpose of defeating the almost
completed policy of the restoration of this coun-
try, to strike the power from loyal hands and
give it to unrepentant rebels whose hands are
dripping with loyal blood. That is the pur-
pose of it. Every effort has been made to de-
feat this policy of restoration. The Attorney
General was dragged out to give an opinion.
Then the President struck down General
Sickles, a gallant soldier, whose blood red-
dened the field of Gettysburg. Then Sheridan,
one of the grand names in the history of the
country, was stricken down ; and then Pope
and Swayne. Thank God, General Meade has
shown himself as he did at Gettysburg, the
champion of his country, and has not betrayed
it as the reactionists expected he would do.
The Senator tells us that hundreds of thou-
sands of Republicans will desert the radicals
of the North and go over, as he has done, to
the radicals of the South, the secessionists
and the conservatives. 1 know that the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is a hopeful man. I
remember that on a certain time he attended
a weeping convention at Philadelphia in which
northern men walked arm-in-arm with unre-
pentant rebels; and then he and some of these
rebel friends of his went up North to teach the
loyal people how to vote. He was quite as
jubilant theft as now; but the people did not
see it in that light. Now, sir, cheered by a few
successes that will do us no harm, but will be
to us what a little ill luck was in 1802, an
incentive to the future, he having passed over,
himself, from the radicals of the North to the
radicals of the South, having borrowed their
weapons, somehow or other has got an idea
that everybody else will follow his example.
While he was speaking, there sat in these gal-
leries one of the ablest men of the North, an
ex-Governor of a great State, who, after listen-
ing to the Senator's speech, said that it would
give the Republicans ten thousand votes in the
State in which he lived; that it was a sale out-
right to the Democratic party, and that he and
other Republicans would not be sold.
Sir, instead of hundreds of thousands of
radicals deserting the cause by which they
have stood at every cost, 1 say to the Senator
from Wisconsin he will find that they will
stand together as we stand together in the
House of Representatives and in the Senate—
a perfect unit—more united to-day than in any
day of our history, and more resolved to finish
our great work. Instead of thronging over to
stand on the platform he has made for them,
or that other platform introduced here this
morning by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] it will be found that thousands of the
men who have been seduced by the deserting
President and his friends will seek an early
occasion to come back again and fight in the
ranks of these branded radicals of the North.
Sir, what a temptation it must be for a Re-
publican to desert his party at this time and
follow the example of the Senator from Wis-
consin ! What a glorious record those men in
whose ranks he has taken refuge have made to
the country! Why, sir, there has not been a
question concerning the vights of the country
or the rights of man during the last fourteen
years, beginning with the repeal of the Mis-
souri prohibition up to this hour, upon which
they have not taken the wrong side. I wish to
call the attention of these Republicans whom
the Senator hopes to win over to the contest
that we have passed through. In the spring
of 1854 these southern radicals, as you will
remember, sir, for you weve here, opened half
a million square miles of free territory to slavery. ■
The northern radicals opposed it. The south-
ern radicals were for it, and I believe the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin was in their ranks then.
Then a class of these southern radicals rushed
over into Kansas, seized the ballot-boxes,
elected a Legislature, established slavery, and
made it a penitentiary offense for a northern
radical to s.iy that slavery did not exist there.
Not content with that, they made the Lecomp-
ton constitution, and had the whole influence of
the then southern radical administration to force
it through Congress; but it failed, and failed,
too, by the efforts of these northern radicals.
Then the southern radicals demanded that
the Supreme Court should proclaim the Dred
Scott decision, and the Supreme Court pro-
claimed it. After Mr. Lincoln's election these
southern radicals plunged the nation into the
fire and blood of civil war. They came into
this Chamber and asked northern radicals to
establish slavery south of 36° 80^, to allow
them to take their slaves into the States of the
North, to declare that a negro should not be a
citizen, and that slavery should never be abol-
ished in the District of Columbia without the
consent of the southern radicals of Maryland
and Virginia. We northern radicals would
not consent to their wicked detaands, and then
they went on with the war. They raised their
hands against their country, murdered three
hundred and fifty thousand loyal soldiers,
maimed and wounded four hundred thousand
more, put a debt upon the country of $2,500,-
000,000, and murdered the President of the
United States. All through the war we had
tests of patriotism, tests of liberty, tests of
justice, from that little act making free the
slave who was put into the rebel army by his
master up to the crowning act of emancipation
by the constitutional amendment.
We had a series of acts by which slavery
was destroyed and the country made free, and
all these acts were sternly contested by the Sen-
ator's new-found friends. We have had a strug-
gle on the civil rights bill, on the reconstruc-
tion policy of the Government, and on the con-
stitutional amendment, and on all of these meas-
ures these southern radicals have been against
their country and against human rights, and the
northern radicals have marched from victory
to victory in favor of making their country
united and free.
Let me say to the Senator that we Radicals,
we Republicans, intend to maintain our integ-
rity, to stand by our country and the equal
rights of all our countrymen ; and we intend
to win, too. Sir, I welcome the contest he has
inaugurated. If it is the Administration policy
developed, if it is the platform of conservatism
upon which the southern radical secessionists
are to stand, let them take their place upon that
platform. 1 say to the Senator that we expect
to win, as we have in the past, to achieve a
victory for our country, and a victory to make
our Government, in the words of Abraham
Lincoln, " a Government of the people, by the
people, and for the people."
The honorable Senator told us that we were
forcing negro suffrage by the Army, that we
were establishing negro governments in the
rebel States. He told us, too, that the black
men of the South were barbarized. It may be
that the African race in the southern States is
half civilized and barbarized, but they are now
carrying the banner of Christian civilization,
and they are now fighting the battle of Christ-
ian civilization against the barbarizing preju-
dices, sentiments, opinions, and policies of
their once dominating masters. These six
hundred thousand loyal black men and two
hundred thousand loyal white men are bearing
the banners, not of barbarism but of civiliza-
tion, and their old rebel masters are now fight-
ing for the preservation of the barbarizing
policies of the past.
The honorable Senator comes into this
Chamber and covers us with reproaches for
not deserting the friends who are bearing our
struggling cause in the South, and asks us to
follow his lead in placing in the hands of the
old, unrepentant rebel masters the destinies of
ten States, so that they may preserve the bar-
barizing codes of other days. The Senator
would defeat the established policy of restora-
tion and bring the rebel States into those Halls
rebel end foremost. We, his old comrades,
in spite of Presidents and courts and all oppos-
ing influences, mean to enforce the established
policy of reconstruction and to bring these rebel
States into these Chambers loyal end foremost.
The policy of the Administration seems to be
to restore the unity of the country by annexing
the United States to the rebel States, subor-
dinating loyalty to disloyalty and reestablish-
ing the sway of the old slavemasters. The
policy of the Republican party is, and will con-
tinue to be, to annex the rebel States to the
United States, to subordinate disloyaltyto loy-
alty, and to put the government of those States
and the country into the keeping of a patriotic
and liberty-loving people.
Now, sir, I close by asking for the yeas and
nays on this proposition. I want a vote taken
upon it, and I desire to have a vote by yeas
and nays upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the
question of referring this bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary, with instructions, the yeas and
nays are demanded.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. FREL1NGIIUYSEN obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. If my honorable friend
from New Jersey will permit me to address the
Senate in advance of himself he will oblige me.
My professional engagements are such that I
am afraid I shall be compelled to leave the city
to-morrow; and what I have to say I can say
in the course of an hour or two.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. I yield the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I cannot
begin to address the Senate upon the matters
before them without returning my very sincere
thanks to the honorable member from New
Jersey for yielding to me the floor. It is a
courtesy which I anticipated of him, and which
I shall always be ready to reciprocate.
It was not my purpose, Mr. President, to
speak on the questions which have been dis-
cussed for the last two or three days until the
measures out of which they arose shouldthem-
selves be before the Senate for action. Ithere-
fore regretted—my friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] will pardon me for saying it—that
he should have introduced the subject at thi«
particular period, and that regret was founded
upon circumstances to which it is not neces-
sary now to refer; but 1 am sure I shall be
understood both by the honorable member from
Wisconsin and by the other ipembers of the
Senate. But as the questions have been dis-
cussed, and as, in my opinion, doctrines have
been maintained which are not warranted by
anything found in the Constitution, and are, in
my judgment, exceedingly mischievous, I deem
it due to myself and due to the country which
I am here in part to represent, that 1 should
state why it is that I believe them to be unsound
and mischievous.
