772
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
I refer now more particularly to what fell
from the honorable member from Illinois, the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee. [Mr.
Tiu MBi t.i.,} and to what fell from the honor-
able member from Indiana [Mr. Mortox] in
the very able speech delivered by him on Fri-
day. What I am about to say in relation to
what fell from the honorable member from
Illinois is not to correct any erroneous opin-
ion which he stated that he himself entertained
expressly, but to correct what I think will be
mischievous to the country: the conclusions to
be drawn from the suggestions iu which the
honorable member indulged. I understood
him to say—and if I misunderstood him t hope
he will at once correct me—that in the be-
ginning of the organization of the judiciary it
was thought to be exceedingly doubtful by the
judiciary itself whether it could adjudge a law
of Congress to be void because of its being in
conflict with the Constitution of the United
States. I am the more disposed to reply to
that suggestion because, coming from a gen-
tleman of his admitted ability, his known pro-
fessional learning, and the high official station
which he holds in the Senate as the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee of this body, even a
suggestion upon a question ofthat sortfromhim
is calculated to carry weight to the public mind.
Mr. President, the Constitution, as we know,
went into practical operation in 1789. The
judiciary act was passed in that year. That
act defined the jurisdiction of the Supreme
Court of the United States. It provided the
cases to which that jurisdiction should apply,
and among others of its provisions it authorized
the tribunal to do what the Constitution itself,
in the second section of the third article con-
stituting the judicial department, intended that
department should be permitted to do; that
is to say. that it should have jurisdiction in
"all cases in law and equity, arising under
this Constitution" and ''the laws of the United
States." In 1791, Congress having passed a
law which made it the duty, if they had the
authority to pass it, of the judges of the Supreme
Court to do certain acts, in connection, I
believe with the pension system, the circuit
court in New York decided that it was void
for want of authority ; that the act which they
were directed to perform, not being judicial in
its nature, and their functions being under the
Constitution exclusively judicial, Congress had
no authority to impose upon them any other
duty which was not judicial. The same decis-
ion was pronounced in North Carolina and in
Pennsylvania; and when the question came
before the Supreme Court of the United States
the decision ofthat tribunal upon that question
was not a doubting one, but one expressed with
absolute confidence. And in the subsequent
case of Marbury vs. Madison, reported in 1
Cranch ; and in the still more recent case of
McCulloch vs. The State of Maryland, reported
in 4 Wheaton; and again in the case of Osborn
vs. The Bank of the United States, reported in
&\V heaton, nota word is to be found in the opin-
ion of any judge indicating a doubt that it was
the province of the judiciary to stand by the
Constitution in any case rather than an act of
Congress, if, in their judgment, the latter con-
flicted with the provisions of the former.
It is true (and perhaps that was the ground
upon which the honorable member from Illi-
nois made the suggestion) that the then learned
Chief Justice Marshall, who pronounced the
decision in the cases I have mentioned, entered
into an elaborate argument for the purpose, not
of satisfying the minds of the court that they
had the power to declare an act of Congress
nnconstitutional, but to satisfy the public mind.
It was, in one sense, a grave inquiry. It affected
the powers of the legislative department of the
Government, and they might well, therefore,
have felt that it was their duty to place their
judgment upon grounds as strong as any which
they coald command, and this they accom-
plished by an opinion in each of the cases
amounting almost to the demonstration of a
mathematical problem.
Before the Constitution was ratified by the
I people it is only necessary to remind the Seu-
. ate that in the seventy-eighth number of the
Federalist, from the pen of Mr. Hamilton,
there appeared an argument for the purpose
of showing that the judiciary should have the
power; that it was necessary to the preserva-
tion of the liberties of the people, which the
Constitution was intended at all times to pre-
serve, aiul under all circumstances and for-
ever that such a power should be vested in
such a dep.ytment of the Government. But
Mr. Hamilton, neither in that number nor in
anything that ever fell from his pen, never
expressed ^nor did any member of the Con-
vention by whom the Constitution was framed)
a doubt not only that the power was included
in the Constitution as adopted, but that freedom
would be insecure without the existence of such
a power. In the number of the Federalist which
I have mentioned Mr. Hamilton said:
"The complete independence of the courts of jus-
tico is peculiarly essential in a limited constitution.
15y a limited constitution I understand ono wliich
contains certain specified exceptions to the legislative
authority; such, for instance, as that it shall pass no
bills of attainder, no c.i- ijost facia laws, and the like.
Limitations of this kind can bo preserved in practieo
no other way than through the medium of tho courts
of justice, whoso duty it must be to delare all acts
contrary to the manifest tenor of the Constitution
void. Without this, all the reservations of particu-
lar rights or privileges would amount to nothing."
* ******** *
"There is no position which depends on clearer
principles than that every act of a delegated author-
ity contrary to the tenor of the commission under
which it is exercised is void. No legislative act,
j therefore, contrary to the Constitution, can be valid.
I To deny this would be to affirm that the deputy is
greater than his principal; that the servant is above
his master; that the representatives of the people
are supcriorto tho people themselves; that men act-
ing by virtue of powers may do not only what their
powers do not authorize but what they forbid.
If it be said that tlielegislativebody are themselves
the constitutional judges of their own powers, and
that the construction they put upon them is conclu-
sive upon the other Departments, it may be answered
that this cannot be the natural presumption where it
is not to be collected from any particular provisions
in the Constitution. It is not otherwise to be sup-
posed that tho Constitution could intend to enable
the representatives of the people to substitute their
will to that of their constituents. It is far more ra-
tional to suppose that the courts were designed to be
an intermediate body between the people and the
Legislature, in order, among other things, to keep the
latter within the limits assigned to their authority.
The interpretation of the laws is the proper and pecu-
; liar province of the courts. A constitution is, in fact,
and must be regarded by the judges as a fundamental !
I law. It must, therefore, belong to them to ascertain
I its meaning, as well as the meaning of any particular
j act proceeding from tho legislative body. If there j
] should happen to be an irreconcilable variance be- 1
i tween the two, that which has the superior obligation
j and validity ought, of course, to be preferred; in i
1 other words, theC'onstitution ought to be preferred to j
the statute, the intention of the people to the inten- '
I tion of their agents." , j
: That eminent jurist, Mr. Justice Story, in \
his Commentaries on the Constitution, section
fifteen hundred and seventy-four, expresses in !
fitting terms an idea on this point, which I wish I
, to submit to the Senate:
i "Every Government must, in itsessenoo, be unsafe
1 and unfit for a freo people where such a department
j does not exist, with powers coextensive with those ,
I of the legislative department. Where there is no
; judicial department to interpret, pronounce, anil j
cxecute the law, to decide controversies, and to en- !
force rights, the Government must either perish by ,
its own imbecility or the other departments of Gov- '
eminent must usurp powers, for tlio purpose of com- ,
manding obedience to the destruction of liberty. 1
The will of those who govern will become, under
such circumstances, absolute and despotic; and it is
wholly immaterial whether power is vested in a
single tyrant or in an assembly of tyrants."
On the same subject Mr. Chancellor Kent,
in his Commentaries on American Law, &c.,
page 449 et seq., says:
"The courts of justice have a right, and arc in
duty bound, to bring every law to tho test of the
Constitution, and to regard the Constitution first
of the United States, and then of their own State,
as the paramount or supreme law, to which every
inferior or derivative power and regulation must
conform. The Constitution is the act of the peo-
ple. speaking in their original character, and de-
fining the permanent conditions of the social alli-
► anco; and there can lie no doubt on tho point with
us that every act of the legislative power contrary to
the t) ue intent and meaning of the Constitution is
absolutely null and void. The judicial department
13 the proper power in the Government to determine
whether a statute be or be not constitutional. The
interpretation or construction of the Constitution is
as much a judicial act, and requires the exercise of
the same legal discretion as tho interpretation or 1
construction of a law. To contend that the courts of
justice must obey the requisitions of an not of tho
Legislature when it appears to them to have been
passed in violation of the Constitution would be to
contend that the law was superior to tlio Constitu-
tion, and that the judges had 110 right to look into it
and regard it as a paramount law. It would be ren-
dering the power of tho agent greater than that ol his
principal, and be declaring that the will of only one
concurrent and coordinate departmcntof the subor-
dinate authorities under the Constitution was abso-
lute over tho other departments, and competent to
control, according to its own will and plensuic, the
whole fabric of the Government and the fundamental
laws on which it rests.
"The attempt to imposo restraints upon the exer-
cise of the legislative power would be fruitless if tho
constitutional provisions were left without any power
in the Government to guard and enforce them. From
the mass of powers necessarily vested in tho Legisla-
ture, and tho active and sovereign nature of those
powers; from the numerous bodies of which the Legis-
lature is composed, the popular sympathies which it
excites, and itsimnicdiatcdopendenco upon the peo-
ple by the menus of frequent periodical elections, it
follows that tho legislative departmcntof the Gov-
ernment will have a decided superiority of influence.
It is constantly meting upon all the great interests iu
society and agitating its hopes and fears. It is liable
to bo constantly swayed by popular prejudice and
passion, and it is difficult to keep it from pressing
with injurious weight upon tho constitutional rights
and privileges of the other departments. An inde-
pendent judiciary, venerable by its gravity, its dig-
nity, and its wisdom, and deliberating with entire
serenity and moderation, is peculiarly fitted for the
exalted duty of expounding the Constitution and
trying the validity of statutes by that standard. It
is only by the free exercise of this power that courts
of justice are enabled to repel assaults and to pro-
tect every part of the Government and every mem-
ber of the community from undue and destructive
innovations upon their chartered rights.
"It has accordingly become a settled principle in
the legal polity of this country that it belongs to the
judicial power, as a matter of right and of duty, to
declare every act of the Legislature made in viola-
tion of the Constitution, or of any provision of it,
null and void."
Mr. President, I do not think I exaggerate
at all when I say that but for the power which
seems now to be in some measure questioned
the Government would not have had the suc-
cess and the country would not have been as
prosperous as it is now or was before the rebel-
lion broke out. If the members of the Senate
will turn to the famous debate between Mr.
Webster and Mr. Hayne they will find that the
latter denied the authority upon the ground that
it was for the States alone to decide whether the
Constitution was or was not obligatory upon
them at any time and at all times. He de-
nounced the doctrine that the judiciary had any
jurisdiction upon that question. On the con-
trary, in the speech of the former, splendid in
the maguificence of its eloquence and splendid
iu the power of its argument, Mr. Webster as-
sailed the doctrine of secession on the ground
that there existed a judicial department by
which, and by which alone, questions of that
kind should be decided. He considered it the
only possible remedy to which resort could be
had for the purpose of deciding differences of
opinion that might exist between the States aud
the United States, or between the citizens of
any of the States of the Union and the Con-
gress of the United States; and he held up the
great attributes of this high tribunal as a safe-
guard to individual liberty and a safeguard for
the continuing perpetuity of the Union.
But now, by one of the bills which has been
introduced into this discussion, it is, as I un-
derstand, proposed to deny to that court the
authority to examine the laws which we are
asked to pass. What the particular provisions
of those laws are it is not necessary fpr the pur-
pose that I have now in view to call to the par-
ticular attention of the Senate. It is sufficient
for me to say that no matter how they may
conflict with the rights of the States, how to-
tally they may abrogate the guarantees of indi-
vidual rights contained in the Constitution, the
States and the people are to submit, because
in the judgment of the present Congress, as
that judgment is to be collected from those
bills, its will is to be conclusive.
I have said now, Mr. President, all that I
intended to say as to the powers of that tri-
bunal. How far in the particulars involved in
the bills referred to the powers of that court
are denied I shall have occasion, I suppose,
hereafter to state to the Senate. I proceed
now to the speech of the honorable member
