774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
olutions to which I have referred, which came !
from his p«n, and which be knew would be
adopted by Kentucky, and which wore adopted
by the unanimous voice of the Legislature of
that State, that the country would come into a
condition which would justify Kentucky or any
other State in the Union in Abandoning what
he considered as a confederacy. On more occa-
sions than one I have, with the little ability I
may possess, controverted the doctrine. It is,
in my judgment, as antagonistic to the true
spirit of the Constitution of the United States
as it is fatal to the continuing existence of a
Government formed, as ours is, of States as
well as of people; but in 17U9, if I had been
old enough then to form an opinion upon the
subject, i never should have dreamed of im-
puting to Jefferson disloyalty, in the sense in
which the honorable member from Indiana evi-
dently uses the term when he reads it in con-
nection with this clause. I never should have
thought, and certainly the Congress of the U ni-
ted States at that time neverdreamed, that there
existed in this clause or in any other clause of
the Constitution a power to interfere with the
government of Kentucky upon tbegrouud that
her citizens were not, according to their judg-
ment. loyal to the Government of the United
States.
Look to my own State; look to the State so
ably represented by my friend who now sits
next to me, [Mr. Coskung,] New York, Are
these States to be brought within the grasp of
that large mass of undefined powers which
are supposed to lurk within a clause that pro-
fesses to give no power, but to guaranty an
existing government? The honorable mem-
ber from Indiana says the southern States can
be brought within that clause, because, in his
opinion, they are not loyal; because, in his
view, republican forms of government in those
States- cannot be secured unless the Congress
of the United States shall form State govern-
ments and State constitutions for them, or pre-
scribe the conditions upon which they shall
come into the L'nion as States.
The honorable member from Indiana, not,
I am sure, meaning to cast any reflection upon
me in what he said in regard to my State,
stated in substance, in the speech to which I
am now replying, and in one made a few days
before upon the right of my colleague to take
his seat in this body, that the government of
that State was now in the hands of persons who
sympathized with the late rebellion. It is not
for me to comment with any unkindness upon
the character of the men in whose hands the
destinies of the State are now placed. In my
judgment they are in thepossession of the gov-
ernment rightfully, as far as the laws and con-
stitution of the State are concerned, and as far
as the Constitution of the United States is con-
cerned. That they errred in the past in sym-
pathizing with the South nobody is more satis-
fied than I am; and they are satisfied, more
than satisfied, that if wiser counsels had not
prevailed during the rebellion by which the
State was retained within the orbit of her duty
and she had attempted secession she would
have been the battle-ground of the war, and
her own great city, in all human probability,
would have been laid in ashes; every house,
now the abode of happiness and of freedom,
might have shared the same fate ; her children
would have fallen in the idle and, as I believe,
unconstitutional attempt to destroy the Gov-
ernment to which she, as every State in the
Union, is indebted for all thepowerand all the
prosperity which she possesses.
But many of them, nodoubt, thought different.
Now, however, the war is over, the rebellion is
at an end. No man dreams of reviving it, as
I think. For centuries no man but a mad-
man will think of reviving it. It was insane
as well as unconstitutional in its origin, in. my
judgment. It was fatal, as I was sure from
the first it would be, to the very institution
which its authors thought to preserve by it—
fatal to slavery. In my view, great as have
been the losses of the war, terrible as has been
the loss of life North and South, there is to be -
found in the fact that slavery no longer exists
and is no longer a blot upon the fair fame of
this nation, compensation almost entire for all
that lias occurred. There is another compen-
sation ; it has ended, and, as 1 believe,forever,
the doctrine of secession ; and that doctrine
terminated and slavery forever terminated, I
cannot for the soul of me imagine why it is
that we are not at once to become more pros-
perous than before, and possess the security
that, happen what will, if we move within the
respective orbits to which the State govern-
ments and the Government of the United
States are limited, we shall continue to exist
forever a free and a powerful nation.
Mr. President, there is another error into
which the honorable member has fallen in his
argument. He reads the clause of guarantee
as if there were no other clauses in the Consti-
tution. Now, nobody knows better than tuy
friend from Indiana that it is a familiar prin-
ciple of construction, of universal application,
that when you desire to ascertain the meaning
of any particular clause, whether it be in a
constitution or in any other written agreement,
you are to read it in connection with the other
clauses. But the honorable member's reading
of it, and his application of it to the measure
now before the Senate, in my judgment, disre-
gard many of the other clauses which were
designed not only to be restrictions upon the
particular clause but upon every other clause
bearing on the subject to be found in the Con-
stitution. What are they? In the Constitu-
tion as it was originally framed it is provided
that "no bill of attainder or ex post facto law
shall be passed"—a positive, commanding
inhibition intended to be in force throughout
all time, specially provided, as the terms show,
as a restriction upon the legislative department
of the Government. Rebellions have existed
the world over under every form of govern-
ment. During their existence and subsequent
to their termination bills of attainder and ex
post facto laws have been passed. The men
who framed the Constitution, imbued as they
were with the pure spirit of freedom, deemed
it their duty, for the security of freedom, not
only to denounce but to prohibit such legisla-
tion, and they did it by the provision to which
I am adverting.
But there is another provision. The scaf-
folds of the Old World had for ages been soaked
with the blood of political offenders under the
doctrine of constructive treason. The courts,
in those days, when, as it was said by some
political writer, the winter of ages upon ages
had settled on the cause of human freedom,
were so much under the influence of the Gov-
ernment that they held almost every act of
resistance to the authority of the Government
to be treason. This our fathers knew, and they
therefore provided that "treason against the
United States shall consist only"—the word
"only" is pregnant with the meaning they
had in view—" shall consistonly of levying war
against them, or in adhering to their enemies,
giving them aid and comfort." There was an-
other security they wished to afford : it is the
security of agrand jury, and the further security
of a petit jury. These securities had, by their
operation forages, howeverinefficientthey were
in the beginning, made England the freest Gov-
ernment in the world until we emerged from her
dominion and became ourselves freer even than
she was. Every man is to be indicted and tried
by his neighbors; and finally and above all no
man either in peace or war is to be subjected
to any other mode of trial, unless he belongs
to the land or naval forces of the United States
or the militia when called into the service of
the United States in time of war or public
danger. The men of that day feared, as well
they might—the history of the world furnished
instances enough to cause the apprehension—
that there was danger to liberty from military
power. They wished, therefore, if possible to
guard the citizen against its exercise, and with
that view they protected him by providing that
unless he was in the Army or in the Navy,
when, of course, he would be subject to aueh
laws as Congress might pass for the govern-
ment of the Army and the Navy, he had a right
to stand upon the Constitution and demand his
trial by indictment and by a petit jury, and
with all the other securities the Constitution
affords: the right to confront his witnesses, the
right to a speedy trial, the right to have counsel
for his defense.
Now, Mr. President, what is the bill upon
the table which the honorable member from
Indiana supposes to be constitutional by virtue
of the guarantee clause and by virtue of that
clause alone? To place ten of the States of
the Union—whether they are States or not I
will inquire in a moment—entirely under the
dominion of the military of the United States.
It is not necessary for the purpose I have in
view now to examine into the right to place
the power of the Army of the United States
into the hands exclusively of the present Gen-
eral-in-Chief, or whoever may be its chief com-
mander other than the President; but assum-
ing that power to exist, he is for the time being
made a military despot. He may not use the
power despotically. That is immaterial to the
principle. That he will not, I believe. I have
confidence in him as a man, and I feel, in com-
mon with all the country, a grateful sense of
the debt which we owe to him for having led
our armies to victory and having, by so doing,
crushed the rebellion. But if lie were Wash-
ington himself I would not intrust to him such
power as you propose to intrust to him by one
of the sections of the bill upon the the table—
the power to arrest, the power to imprison,
the power to execute, the power to disregard
all the securities of the rights of the people of
the South, which it was the object of the Con-
stitution expressly to provide against.
If that clause stood alone, if it was the only
constitution of the Government which we have,
if such a thing could be supposed, in my judg-
ment it would not authorize any such interpre-
tation; but when it is found in a constitution
which contains special and positive guarantees
intended to be limitations upon the power of
Congress, it is warring with any rule of con-
struction with which I am acquainted to sup-
pose that it can be used so as entirely to disre-
gard all the restrictions upon the power of
Congress. May Congress pass laws, now that
the war is over, providing for the attainder of
the people of the South? May it pass laws
making matters criminal which were not crim-
inal before, when they were perpetrated; in
other words, ex post facto laws? He might as
well claim it; and yet, as the Seriate know,
Congress is restrained from passing acts of that
description in very positive terms.
Mr. President, the next question with which
I shall trouble the Senate is an inquiry as to
whether the southern States are or are not
States of the Union? The honorable member
from Indiana, however he may be able to
involve in inconsistency the President of the
United States or those who may have main-
tained the constitutionality of his policy in
relation to this particular question, cannot so
involve me. From the first I believed—and I
have some reason to think that the Senate at
that time, that is to say, when the war first
commenced, in 18G1, concurred in that opin-
ion—I believed, and I have continued to hold
the doctrine ever since, that the States never
for a moment ceased to exist as States. The
power to which the Government resorted for
the purpose of enforcing obedience to its
authority was the power conferred upon Con-
gress of calling out the militia and using the
Army and Navy of the United States for the
purpose of suppressing insurrection. The first
proclamation issued by the President in April,
1861, calling for seventy-five thousand men,
was issued under that authority. The act
passed on the 13th of July, 1861, giving to the
President the power to proclaim States or por-
tions of States that he might find in insurrec-
tion to be in insurrection, and that all com-
mercial intercourse between them and the
Other States was to cease, provided that that
commercial intercourse should be restored tha
