776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
pacification, a general amnesty. I firmly be-
lieve tliat if that policy had been adopted the
country would at this time be quiet and pros-
perous ; but it is not. Now, it is idle to deny
that in the judgment of a large mass of the
people of the United States, of a large num-
ber of persons who have heretofore acted with
the Republican party, this state of things is to
be referred either to the measures which Con-
gress have adopted or to what they have failed
to adopt. We cannot account for the elections
during the fall in any other way; and if, for
the sake of ascertaining public opinion, you
refer to the most enlightened journals which
have generally supported the Republican party
you are led to the same conclusion, that there
is an opinion prevailing throughout the land,
influencing hundreds and thousands who have
acted with the Republican party, that they
have failed in their duty, that they have done
this either by legislation that was mischievous
in its result or by the failure to legislate bene-
ficially. Confidence is lost. The business of
the country is in a measure suspended. Thou-
sands and hundreds of thousands of honest
laboring citizcns are out of employment. The
manufacturing industry of the country is par-
alyzed. The taxes are felt to be exceedingly
burdensome. Fears are entertained, and doc1
trines are advanced looking to the same result,
that repudiation will be the consequence, and
then the faith and the name of the nation will
be subjected to dishonor. Bring back the
South ; give to instead of keeping from it the
rights which the Constitution confers upon it;
bring into active life its great potential means
of wealth; let the country be quieted; remove
by such legislation the belief which has fas-
tened itself upon the minds of thousands that
the legislation of the day is intended to sub-
serve a party purpose, not to promote the gen-
eral welfare, and all will be as it once was,
prosperous and happy. Then, and not until
then, shall we have the blessings for which
thousands and hundreds of thousands of voices
are raised on every revolving Sabbath in prayer
to God—unity, peace, and concord.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
Mr. STEWART. It is pretty late in the
evening, and with the consent of the Senator
from New Jersey I will move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed
until to-morrow, and that we proceed to the
consideration of the bill for the relief of Robert
M. Pal ton.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New Jersey yield the floor for
that motion?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I yield to allow
this bill to be displaced temporarily, but with
the understanding that it shall be the order of
the day for to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the business now before the Sen-
ate will be passed over informally. The Chair
hears no objection, aud that will be regarded
as the sense of the Senate.
KOBEIIT M. PATTON.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 240) to remove
political disabilities from Robert M. Patton,
of Alabama.
Mr. STEWART. To make the bill more
definite, I move to amend it by striking out all
after the enacting clause and inserting :
That the disabilities imposed upon RobertM. Pat-
ton, of Alabama, by force of the act of Congress enti-
tled "An act toprorido for the more efficient covern-
ment of the rebel States," passed March 2.1867, and
the act of Congress supplementary thereto, passed
March 23,1867, and the act supplementary thereto,
passed July 19,1867, are hereby removed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAYIS. I rose this morning to address
the Senate briefly upon this bill; and I now
propose only to utter a very few words in rela-
tion to it.
When this rebellion was inaugurated I was
one of the persons who thought it a great crime;
and I supposed that it would prove a greater
evil to the whole country than a crime. My
conviction of these two truths has not lessened,
but has greatly augmented, during the progress
of the war and up to the present moment. I
had, however, no imagination that the evils to
result from this great crime would assume any-
thing like the proportions which they have;
and I now stand to the fullest and most distinct
judgment against secession and against rebel-
lion as one of the greatest political crimes ever
perpetrated on the earth. I still am more con-
vinced, also, that it was a greater social and
moral evil than a crime.
My soul is unstained by this crime. Whether
the person for whose benefit this bill has been
introduced stands equally guiltless I do not
know. If I stood before the Senate of the
United States and asked immunity from the
punishment which the laws denounce against
the crime of treason or any other crime I
should feel a deep consciousness of my own
guilt; and I presume this person, Governor
Patton, presents himself in that posture before
the Senate, that he feels deeply conscious that
he has committed against the United States
the crime of treason, and to save himself from
the punishment consequent upon that crime
he wants a law passed for his personal indem-
nity. If this traitor—if a traitor he be—was
smitten with remorse and compunction for his
legal and moral guilt, and was to ask this im-
munity from punishment for the purpose of
shrinking into retirement, and by a life of con-
trition and penanee to make reparation for the
crime, it would be well to give him the immu-
nity that he asks ; but I do not understand that
he has any such purpose as that. His object
is to be put into a position where he can again
fill office. It is not to make moral atonement
for the commission of a most atrocious crime ;
it is simply to separate himself from the legal
consequences of this crime, that he may again
fill office and place and power.
I take it for granted, Mr. President, that
this person, Governor Patton, is a traitor; that
in the war of rebellion he committed treason.
If it be so he has subjected himself to death by
the halter ; and if he could get his legal and
moral deserts he ought so to be punished, in-
stead of being placed in position to fill another
office and to become a traitor again to that
office.
None of us can doubt that Governor Patton
once adhered to tlie cause of secession and
rebellion. In assuming to espouse that cause,
he became a traitor to his country, to the
United States. He committed the greatest and
the foulest crime-that a citizen of the United
States could commit against his country. He
became a base traitor, unworthy to have confi-
dence placed in him further by arraying him-
self in-arms as a traitor against hia country and
its Government. This man, then, was once a
traitor, as everybody admits him to be. What
now is his position? The rebels and seces-
sionists whose cause he united with, and of
whom he was one, he has now betrayed and he
presents himself to the Senate of the United
States in the attitude of a double traitor. Sir,
when a man has once betrayed me, it is his
fault; if he betrays me a second time, it is
mine; but I am not going to give him my con-
fidence to enable him to perpetrate such a
moral offense against me the second time. Sir,
this Governor Patton, or any man who presents
himself here in the position which he is made
to assume by this bill, of having been a traitor
to his country, of having violated its penal
laws and subjected himself to capital punish-
ment by committing the crime of treason, and
of now coining forward in a second treachery
to the criminals with whom he associated him-
self in the first instance, is not an object that
ought to receive the consideration, the magna-
nimity, or the forgiveness of the Senate.
But, Mr. President, this is my position in
relation to the matter: a man who commits
treason cannot be tried by the military courts
of the country. If you find him with arms in
his hands, resisting the laws or authority of the
United States, you may shoot him down, and
he ought to be shot down; but when he sur-
renders and becomes a captive he ceases to be
subject to the military law, and the civil law
and the civil courts then intervene to take
charge of him ; and by the civil law and courts
he can be tried and convicted of treason, and
sentenced to be hung, and ought to be hung ;
but you cannot punish him any further. My
principle, to which I have adhered through all
this war, and to which I shall adhere while I
have the breath of life, is that no man in this
country can be tried and punished except by
law and according to law; and if that be trea-
son gentlemen may make the most of it. That
is my principle, and it is the principle of lib-
erty. It not only concerns the culprit hims.elf
that he should be tried and punished according
to law, but it ia a matter of concern to every
other citizen ; because when one man, though
steeped all over with crime and guilt, is pun-
ished outside of the law and without its author-
ity, it is the precursor of the punishment of
other men in the same mode ; and against that
principle I stand up in life-long opposition.
I hold, then, according to this principle,
that you cannot denounce punishments against
' past crimes and past treasons, and you cannot
examine past crimes and past treasons, and
, inflict any mode of punishment or any amount
: of punishment upon them that the law did not
I denounce against them at the time they were
j committed. If you do that you pass what is
i called technically an ex post facto law. Now,
| if the majority of the Senate choose, or if anjr-
; body chooses, to indict men who went into the
i rebellion fortreason aud to have them arraigned
before a civil court, and tried for treason, and
they be convicted and sentenced as guilty of
treason, you can punish them as the law de-
nounces the punishment of treason, and in no
other way. All punishment outside of that is
arbitrary and oppressive. Suppose that I now,
with a deadly weapon, was to slay the honor-
able Senator from Nevada, and 1 was immedi-
ately arrested, or should surrender myself into
the hands of the officer of the law ; any friend
of the honorable Senator'8 who chose to retali-
ate by slaying me would become himself aa
much a murderer as 1 was when I struck my
honorable friend to the dust. Sir, the only
way to avoid the commission of crimes in the
execution of the law is to conform to the law
in the modes of trial and punishment.
Now, Mr. President, the disabilities from
which Mr. Patton asks to be exempt involve,
as I understand, the judgment of death which
the law would proty>unce against a traitor.
Sir, I will vote for no such immunity. If this
man has committed treason, and he does not
wish to suffer the penalty of death for the
commission of that crime, let him submit him-
self to the civil tribunals of his country, let
him be tried, and if he is convicted let him go
to the President of the United States and have
the pardoning power extended to him. I tell
the honorable Senator from Nevada that I do
not think he is going to make much out of an
original traitor to his country and Government
who afterward becomes a traitor a second time
to his associates in crime. When he trusts
such men he will find, whenever the opportu-
nity is presented and there is sufficient induce-
ment, there will be a third treachery, and he
himself will be betrayed. I do not believe in
making officers of the Government out of any
such material. There are enough men in the
country whose souls stand unstained by crime;
who never had an emotion or a purpose but of
patriotism; who have obeyed the laws of the
land; who have labored with the best faith for
the maintenance and authority of the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, to place
in trust and offices without resorting to once
or twice or thrice tried traitors to make officers
of. I shall therefore vote against this measure
and all such measures.
Mr. STEWART. I am well pleased with a
large portion of the speech of the Senator from
Kentucky. If lie is sincere in it, it is really  
Mr. DAVIS. I must be thankful to the hon-
