1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
orable Senator, for I believe he never before
approval am thins I haw done.
Mr. S 1 E WART. Hut bo does not properly
understand 'iliis particular case. Governor Pat-
ton lceeiwd a pardon from the President and
was elected one of the provisional governors.
The Senator did not understand exactly the
situation of the party about whom he was talking.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will ask the honorable Sen-
ator this question : does that pardon make him
a better man than he was before?
Mr. STEWA11 1". I think not. But, sir, it
is a fact which I regard as of some little im-
portance. ami which 1 think the Senate will so
regard. thaf Mr. Patton is sorry that he engaged
in the rebellion. If all those men who engaged
iu the rebellion were sorry, if all those whom
the President has pardoned were sorry, and
would cooperate now in carrying on the Gov-
ernment, the work of reconstruction would be
an accomplished fact. The trouble is that they
are not sorry. The reason that we are in l'avor
of liberating Mr. Patton from the disabilities
under which he labors is because he has shown
symptoms of repentance and a desire to coop-
erate with the Government in carrying it on in
good faith ; because he lias evinced a desire to
become a good citizen of the United States. It
is those who continue to be rebels, those who
continue to violate the laws, against whom we
have to guard. It is idle to say that they are
within the reach of criminal punishment. The
great mass of those who resist the laws to-day
have received the pardon of the President and
defy Cougress and the country.
Mr. DAVIS. And you want to bestow offices
on them now.
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to bestow
office on any man who is in opposition to the
country. I do not want to bestow office upon
those men who declare that they have no re-
grets for the crimes they have committed.
Those men whom the Democratic party say
should come in here and take charge of the
country and take charge of legislation I am in
favor of keeping out. I am in favor of keeping
them out of the control of this country until
they promise to do right. We cannot get a
promise to do right from those haughty rebels.
There is much said about our effort to estab-
lish negro governments and negro supremacy
in the South. We say that that is not our
object; that we are anxious that the whites
shall cooperate with us. We are anxious that
they shall sustain the Government; and when
a gentleman like Governor Patton, who has
been pardoned by the President and who was
chosen provisional governor of liis State, comes
forward and says that he is willing to cooperate
with the Government and willing to execute
the laws, artd not only says that, but by his
acts proves it, I say it is time to remove his
disabilities. I say to all the people of the
South, "Come forward; let by gones be by-
gones: cooperate with us in maintaining the
laws of the country; cease your rebellion;"
but the Opposition say, "No; the South must
come in with their rebellion unrepented of;
they must come in and take' absolute control
of their several States; if you do not give them
complete control you are establishing a negro
Government." You drove us to the necessity
of arming the negro with the ballot or to allow
these traitors, denounced by the Senator from
Kentucky, to have supreme control in the
South and there to set up hostile governments.
In this connection let me say that I saw a
great fallacy in the argument of the Senator
from Maryland when he denied the proposition
of the Senator from Indiana, that loyalty was
an inherent quality in the Constitution, and-
that a State organization could not be recog-
nized as republican within the sense of the
Constitution unless it %Vas loyal to the Govern-
ment. I should like to ask liira if he thinks
Congress has no right to interfere in case a
government is set up in one of those States
hostile to the United States?
I am willing to extend amnesty and pardon
to any man in the South who will come forward,
and sustain the laws, and by his acts satisfy
Congress and satisfy the country that he is I
willing that justice shall be executed, and that
rebellion shall cease. Mr. Patton does regret
that he was in the rebellion, and I honor him
for that regret. I honor him because lie is
now willing to sustain the laws, and I am in
favor of removing this disability from him, as
1 am in favor of removing it from any citizen
in the South who will come forward in like
manner, except those who conspired to carry
their States out, or committed such cruelties
in the conduct of the war as to outrage human-
ity. I mean I am willing to extend amnesty
to the masses of the South. To all of them
who will come forward and now agree in good
faith, and show by their acts that they are
willing to be good citizens, we extend the cor-
dial hand of fellowship. That is the disposi-
tion of the nation; that is what we expect to
do ; but we will not under any circumstances
surrender the power of this Government to
men who are not sorry for their treason, but
still defy the authority of the nation. Those
we oppose, and we shall do so as long as our
constituents allow us to occupy these seats.
That is the position upon which we place this
bill, and upon which we ask its passage.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I stated before the gen-
eral objection which I had against legislation
of this sort, without going into the particular
case presented by the Senator from Nevada.
The purpose of my remarks was to call the
attention not only of the Senate, but of persons
outside of the Senate who observe our pro-
ceedings, to the course of the proposed legis-
lation, to elicit public thought upon what I sup-
posed to be hereafter perhaps a settled policy
in Congress with reference to the removal of
disabilities from persons in the South.
Now, sir, the Senator from Nevada has
brought out the particular point involved in
the bill, and which recommends it to his sup-
port, and, as he thinks, ought to recommend
it to the support of the majority of the Senate.
It is that this man and other men who are will-
ing "to do right" shall be reinstated in all
their political privileges and be authorized to
take office under the Government of the Uni-
ted States and under the governments of their
respective States, notwithstanding the provis-
ions which are contained in existing laws.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow
me to ask him what political privileges are
restored to Mr. Patton under this bill except
simply the privilege of voting on the question
of a constitution and electing a Legislature
under it, according to the reconstruction acts?
Nothing else, I apprehend.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly the right of
holding office and voting, both.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What offices?
Mr. BUCKALEW. In the State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; only to be a
member of the convention. If the Senator will
look at the bill he will see that it goes no fur-
ther than that. That is the only office that lie
conld hold, and the convention has already been
held.
Mr. BUCKALEW. And to hold office under
the provisional government, also under the
existing State government; so that he could
hold any office whatsoever in the State at the
present time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He could only be a
member of the convention which has already
been held, or a member of the provisional gov-
ernment.
Mr. BUCKALEW. All the existing public
offices which a man can hold in the State in
which he resides he can hold if this bill passes.
Mr. FESSENDEN- It does not give him
any right to hold office under any new consti-
tution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That will depend on
the provision of the constitution itself.
Now, sir, what does the Senator from Ne-
vada mean by being "right?" Let us get rid
of words—this general declamation about l6y-
alty and disloyalty. What does he mean by
being " right V" He means that where, under
the reconstruction laws, a political question is
submitted to a vote of the electors of the State
of Alabama, the man who votes according to
the political wishes of the Senator shall be
reinstated, and the man who, in the exercise
of his judgment, votes agains the Senator's
wishes and opinions shall not be restored. In
other words, the standard of restoration pro-
posed by this bill and which will be proposed
by all bills which are to follow it, and which
are similar to it in character, will be, not a
standard of abstract loyalty or of devotion to
the Government of the United States and to
the institutions of the country, but conformity
to the political opinions of the Senator from
Nevada and of those who think with him.
There can be nothing else drawn out of this
debate when you rid it of the declamation, the
vague and general language with which the
subject is sought to be encompassed. What
then, sir? You have precisely the system
which I indicated and objected to in my re-
marks this morning—a system of favoritism,
to be exercised by a section of the legislative
department of the Government in favor of those
who will act politically with them, and to pro-
mote those political objects to which they are
devoted, while a rule of iron exclusion is to
be exercised as to all others. Will not this
be a scandal ? Is it not such in its mere state-
ment? Will it stand in the forum of any honest
and intelligent debate ? Is it not based upon
the selfish interest of a class of electors in the
North and in the central States, as well as in
the South ? Does it not look to an object
alien to any public policy such as will endure
examination here or elsewhere?
I suppose that objections against a bill born
of such motives and pressed upon such argu-
ments will be unavailing in this body. But
one object at least will be accomplished by
calling attention to the character of this meas-
ure; it will be considered elsewhere, and will
be one of those things which, when taken into
consideration, will help to form the opinion of
the people of this country upon the passing
1 events of the time.
! Mr. STEWART. The development in this
, argument shows very plainly that the greatest
! crime that Mr. Patton has committed was not
that of engaging in rebellion, but his crime,
1 as indicated by the Senator from Kentucky,
and the opposition to amnesty on the part of
] the Democrats, consists in his willingness tO'
obey these laws.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will permit
me to make one remark. I stand ready and
am content to pledge myself to vote forthwith,
to-day, or to-morrow, or any other day of the
present year, for a bill which will include all
persons who have shown devotion to the Gov-
ernment of the United States—all persons in
the same category with this man.
Mr. STEWART. I do not doubt that.
Mr. DAVIS. Did I understand the honor-
able Senator from Nevada to say that my ob-
jection to this man was not that he had com-
mitted the crime of treason?
Mr. STEWART. No. I said that the ar-
gument adduced by the Senator in so many
words was that Governor Patton had already
committed a double treason; that he had be-
trayed the traitors with whom he was associ-
ated, and would commit a third treason if per-
mitted to do so.
Mr. DAVIS. I repeat all that.
Mr. STEWART. And I say that it is evi-
dent from the course of this debate that it is
that double treason that gentlemen complain of.
The fact that Governor Patton has separated
himself from the rebels and is cooperating
against them and in favor of loyal men is what
makes this bill meet with such opposition.
Senators say they are willing to extend am-
nesty generally; that is, if their friends—those
who are opposed to the reconstruction of these
States; those who oppose the granting of equal
rights ; those who are not sorry for having been
engaged in the rebellion, but still defy the Gov-
ernment—can have amnesty; if they can be
served the same as those who are sorry for
their crimes, then they have no objection. But
