778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
let us try those who are sorry first, before we
extend this amnesty to those who still defy the
Government.
Mr. HKKPRIOK.S. As I slmll not vote for
this bill 1 desire to say simply that 1 think the
restoration ought to be upon some general
proposition, not a selection of any one man for
reasons that may be agreeable to some persons
and not agreeable generally. I did not believe
in the proposed constitutional amendment;
nor did 1 believe in the proposition contained
in what is called the reconstruction policy,
which excludes from participation in public
affairs in the South a very large class because
they have held office under the Government of
the United States; but I am not in favor of
selecting out some one man from a class and
restoring him to political rights, although he
may be equally or more guilty than others ori-
ginally, and the only merit which he can pre-
sent to the Senate at this time being that he
is in accord with the majority politically. I
cannot vote upon such a proposition as that.
I could not vote to restore a man in the South,
and for that reason alone, because he was with
the Democrats. I would vote for restoring
classes, because I think it is for the good of
the country.
This case stands, I suppose, thus: Governor
Patton had held office under the Government
of the United States before the rebellion, had
taken an oath to support the Constitution of
the Unitet^States, and the argument has been
that by going into the rebellion he was guilty of
the violation of that oath. It has been upon
that ground that men have been excluded.
The legislation is based upon the proposition
that a man is not to be trusted in the exercise
of political power in this country who before
the rebellion took a solemn oath that he would
support the Constitution of the United States
and violated that oath by making war against
the Government. Now, what exception is made
in this man's favor? Simply that he is in favor
of executing laws that for my part 1 do not
believe to be for the good of the country ; laws
that I believe to be anti-republican in their
character and subversive of the Constitution
of the country.
Suppose a citizen of a southern State shall
vote against ratifying one of these constitu-
tions, is that to be regarded as a resistance of
the laws of Congress? Have yoo not provided
that it shall be submitted to his judgment; and
if his judgment is against it ought he not to
vote against it? If his judgment was against
calling these peculiar conventions in the South,
ought lie not to have voted against it; and did
you not submit it to his judgment in that re-
fard by the passage of the law? But if a man
as favored a convention and now favors these
constitutions that are being formed, providing
for reconstruction according to a certain polit-
ical policy, he is to be restored by name. Is
that right? Then the question whether a man
is to be restored or not will be made to turn
upon his politics, upon that which he believes
to be right in regard to public affairs. The
moral turpitude is not involved, because that
is all past. The record is closed in that re-
gard against Governor Patton and against all
the rest down there. None of them propose
doing any further acts against the authority of
the Government, but stand simply under the
charges made by the legislation of Congress
of having taken an oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States and disregarded
that oath by going into the rebellion. That is
the whole case. Now you propose to remove
those disabilities, for what reason?
I was told the other evening of the case, I
think, of the person who is now Governor of
Florida, who was selected to be Governor of
that State because of the position that he
occupied prior to the war. He resisted the
rebellion and the demand for secession to the
very last. He stood out among the very last
men of Florida to yield to popular opinion and
popular demand. He cannot vote, while the
man who presided over the convention that
passed the secession ordinance of Florida can
vote. The one is regarded as virtuous polit-
ically. Why? Because he had never taken
an oath to support the Constitution in any
office. Although he presided over the conven-
tion that took the State out and did the most
efficient act possible to carry the State out and
to bring on war, he can vote; while the other
man, because he had held an office under the
Government and had taken the oath, although
he resisted secession to the very last, as long
as it was possible to use any influence upon
the question, cannot vote because he finally
yielded to the demands of his State.
But I did not intend to go into the discus-
sion at any length, and simply to state my
proposition clearly. I did not believe in the
legislation that prescribes a man for this
reason. I think that an official oath, an oath
of office, has its force while the man holds the
office, and that perjury cannot be assigned
upon that oath for an act done after the man
has gone out of office. It is an oath of office,
binding upon him while he holds the office ;
and after he goes out of the office, in regard
to his allegiance to the country, he is in pre-
cisely the same condition as any other citizen ;
and therefore I thought this legislation was
not fair and right.
I am in favor of restoring Governor Patton
to his political rights, but not by singling him
out for a reason that I do not think ought to
govern us. I do not admit the doctrine of the
Senator from Nevada, that the men who go
with him politically are the men who repent.
I think there is a very large class in the south-
ern States who go with him politically, who
were the fiercest men in the war, because tliey
think now they may clutch office. Instead of
that circumstance going to their credit it goes
to their discredit.
I am in favor of relieving that man who now
is willing to hold up the authority of the Gov-
ernment, to maintain its dignity and its power,
and to obey the laws, whether he goes with
you politically or with me politically. The
honest citizen who stands by his duty to his
country, whatever may be his political views,
his conscientious judgment upon the important
questions of the time, I am in favor of restor-
ing; and I am not going to inquire in the Sen-
ate, when I am asked to restore a man to polit-
ical position and influence, whether he goes
1 with me politically or against me. I am going
, to ask simply, is he now true to his country;
in the sentiment of Mr. Lincoln's proclama-
tion of 1863, will he now swear to support the
Constitution of the United States and be a true
man to his country?
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. STEWART. I call for the yeas and
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the
Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
| Mr. THAYER (when his name was called)
: said : I had hoped I might once in my life vote
with my Democratic and Conservative friends;
1 but it seems I cannot. I vote "yea."
The result was announced—yeas 26, nays 5 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Cole, Conkling, Conne9S,
Corbett, Cragin, Doolittlc, Frelinghuygen, Harlan,
Howe, Johnson, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Patterson of New Hampshire, Patterson
of Tennessee, Ramsey. Ross, Stewart, Thayer, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams, and
Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Drake, Fowler,
and Hendricks—5.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cameron,
Chandler, Dixon, Edmunds, Ferry, Fessenden,
Grimes, Guthrie, Henderson, Howard, Morgan, Mor-
ton, Norton, Pomeroy. Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Sumner, Wade, and Yates—22.
So the bill was passed.
The bill (H. R. No. 284) to prevent the pay-
ment of certain claims was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 27, 18G8.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the first busi-
ness in order, to call the States and Territories
for bills and joint resolutions for reference to
the appropriate committees, not to be brought
back into the House by motions to reconsider,
commencing with the State of Maine.
TAXATION OF NATIONAL BONDS.
Mr. BENTON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
527) to make partial compensation for expenses
incurred in the prosecution of the war by pro-
viding for the taxation of national bonds;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
MARGARET LEWIS.
Mr. HOTCIIKISS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 528) granting a pension to Margaret
Lewis; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Compiittee on Inva-
lid Pensions.
SARAH E. PICKELL.
Mr. KELSEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
529) granting a pension to Sarah E. Pickell,
widow of the late Colonel John Pickell; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, together
with the papers in the case filed during the
Thirty-Ninth Congress.
WHITEHALL AND TLATTSBURQ RAILROAD.
Mr. FERRISS introduced a bill (II. R. No.
530) granting a right of way to the Whitehall
and Plattsburg Railway Company; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
THOMAS J. CANTWELL.
Mr. HUMPHREY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 531) for the relief of Thomas J. Cantwell;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
JACOB FOX.
Mr. HUMPHREY also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 532) for the relief of Jacob Fox;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
CHARLES 0. CONNOR.
Mr. HUMPHREY also-introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 533) for the relief of Charles 0.
Connor; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
OBSTRUCTIONS IN HELL GATE.
Mr. TABER presented the resolutions of the
State Legislature of New York for the removal
of obstructions from Hell Gate ; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
MIDLAND PACIFIC RAILWAY.
Mr. VAN WYCK introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 534) making a grant of land to the Mid-
land Pacific Railway Company, to aid in the
construction of a certain railroad in Nebraska;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ASSESSORS AND COLLECTORS.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
535) to prohibit assessors and collectors of Uni-
ted States revenue and their deputies from being
interested directly or indirectly in any forfeit-
ure for a violation of the revenue laws ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
POST ROUTE IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. VAN AUKEN introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 536) for the establishment of a post
route from Damascus via West Damascus and
