1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
Wash burn e, Henry D. Wash burn, William B. Wtih-
burn. Thomas Williams, William Williams, James
F. Wilson, and Windom—91. . ....
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell,
Baker, Barnes, Barnum, Beck, Bonton, Blaine, coy-
er, Brooks, Burr, Butler, Cullom, Dawes, Dodge,
Eckloy, Eggleston. Eldridge, Perry, Finney, 1?01,
Gotz, Gravely, Griswold, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Keteham, Knott, George V. Lawrcnce, Lough-
rklge,Itlallory, Maynard, McCul lough,Alorgan, Mor- (
rell, Nicholson, Phelps, Poland, liauui, Robinson,
Sawyer, Schenck, Shanks, Shcllabarger, Thaddeus .
Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Stone, Taber, John Irim-
ble, Robert T. Van Horn,Van Trump, Van Wyek. I
Welker, John T. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, Wood. ;
and Wood bridge—59.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The bill, having been engrossed, was then
read the third time, as follows:
A bill to prevent the payment of certain claims.
Be it enacted by the Stnate and House of Represetita-
tivet of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That hereafter no money shall be paid out of
the Treasury on any claim in the following class of
coses, arising during tho war of the rebellion, until
the further action of Congress:
X. On account of the seizure or impressment of, or
for demurrage or detention of any appliances of
transportation—whether land or water—such as
steamers, boats, barges, trains of wagons, or ears,
Ac., in insurrectionary States. ,
2. For transportation service, tolls, ferriage, ace.,
beyond the tariff of rates fixed by the Quartermaster
general during the war. . .
3. For the use and occupation of land in the mrar-
rectionary States, used for fortifications and other
military defensive purposes during the war for the
suppression of the rebellion.
The question then was on the passage of the
WH.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and It was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 65, not voting
38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker. Baldwin, Banks,
Beaman, Benjamin. Benton, Bingham, Blair, Bout-
well, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Cafec.Churchill,
Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cornell. Dawes, Donnelly,
Ela, Eliot, Ferriss, Ferry, Fields, Garfield, Halsey,
Harding, Hill. Hooper, Hopkins, Hulburd, Hunter,
J udd, Kclley. Kelsey, Kctchaui, Laflin.W llnam Law-
rence, Lincoln, Loan, Loughndge, Lynch, Marvin,
McCarthy. Mercur, Moore, Moorhead, Orth, Paine,
Perham. Pike,Plants, Polsley, Pomeroy, Price. Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Scofield, Selye, Sitgrcaves, Smith,
Spalding, Aaron F. Stevens, Stewart, Taylor,Upson,
Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Van Wyck. Ward,
Cadwalader C.Washburn. ElihuB.Washburne,Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker, Thomas Williams, Wil-
liam Williams, James F. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodward—85.  
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Arnell, Axtell, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Boyer, Burr, Cary. Chanler, Sidney
Clarke, Coburn, Dixon, Dodge, Eldndge, Glossbren-
ner, Golladay. Gravely. Grover Haight, Hawkins,
Higby, llol man. Hotebkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Ingeraoll, Jenckes,
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kitchen, Knott, Koonti,
Mallory, Maynard, McCormick, Miller, Morgan,
Morrissey, Mullins, Munsen, Myers,Newcomb, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Nunn, O'Neill, Pile, Pruyn, Ran-
dall, Raum, Ross, Schenck, Starkweather, Taber,
Taffe. Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Trowbridge,
Van Auken. Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Wash-
burn. and John T. Wilson—65. .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Blaine,
Brooks, Butler. Cobb, Coyode, Cullom. Drigga, Eck-
lcy, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Finney, Fox, Getz, Gris-
wold, Asahel W. Hubbard, Kerr, George V. Law-
rence, Logan. Marshall, McClury, McCullough, Mor-
rell,Peters, Phelps, Poland, Robinson, Shanks, Stacl-
labarger, Tlfaddens Stevens, Stokes. Stone, John
Trimble, Twichell, Van Trump, Wood, and Wood-
bridge—38.
So the kill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
suffering condition of qcapaw indians.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting a letter
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs rela-
tive to the suffering condition of the Quapaw
Indians, and making certain recommendations
relative thereto; which was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations.
national armory in pennsylvania.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That a select committeo of five be np-
pointed to consider the expediency of locating and
establishing within some one of the anthracite coal ,
fields of Pennsylvania a national armory for the con- |
struction, manufacture, and supply of ordnance, ma-
tcrials. and equipments for the Army and Navy of
the United States.
Mr. DAWES and Mr. ALLISON objected.
bingham's surge relievers.
Mr. KELLY, by unanimous consent, offered |
the following resolution; which was read, con- j
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected, to inform the House whether he has paused
any investigations to be made of the^ value of Bing-
ham's surge reliever, and to communicate the results
of such investigations, together with a copy of tho
report of Captain Balch on the subject of said surge
reliever.
seconb ASSISTANT ENGINEER 8AWYBK.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy bo di-
rected to communicate to this House copies of the
complete record of the proceedings and findings of
the court-martial convened on the 2d day of October,
1867, at the navy-yard at Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, in the case of George F. Sawyer, second assist-
ant engineer of tho United States Navy; and also of
all and every part of the testimony in the case,
together with copies of all letters, complaints, re-
ports, or other communications made to the said
Secretary, or to any official person in the Navy
Department, or to any officerof the Navy in relation
to the offense charged against the said Second Assist-
ant Engineer Sawyer, tod all replies, orders, or in-
structions given or made in relation to such charge
or offense by the Secretary, or any official of the
Navy Department, or by any officer of the Navy,
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to ask the House to take up a matter of public
business, the deficiency bill, which has been
returned from the Senate. The gentleman
from Massachusetts, {Mr. Butler,] who has
charge of the bill, is, I understand, out of the
•ity, and there is a good deal of urgency for
action on the bill. I move to take it up.
No objection was made, and the bill (H. R.
No. 320) making appropriations to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the execu-
tion of the reconstruction laws and for the
service of the quartermasters' department of
the Government for the fiscal year ending Jane
80, 1868, atod for other purposes, was taken up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know what the exact position of the bill is,
whether the Senate have asked for a commit-
tee of conference or not.
The SPEAKER. They have not. They
have disagreed to the action of the House on
two points involving the stationery question
and the transfer of appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
move that the House insist on its action on
those amendments and ask a committee of con-
ference.
The motion was agreed to; and the speaker
appointed Messrs. Washburne of Illinois, Bea-
man, and Phelps as managers of the confer-
ence on the part of the House.
bights of american citizens abroad.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanitaous consent to
report from the Committee on Foreign Affairs
a bill concerning the rights of American citi-
zens in foreign States, in order that it may be
printed and recommitted, so that the committee
may, when called for reports, be able to report
the bill to the House for action.
No objection was made.
The bill (H. R. No. 584) was received and
read a first and second time.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I ask that the
bill be read at length.
The bill was read, aa follows:
A bill concerning the rights of American citizens in
foreign States.
Section 1. lie it enacted, &e.. That all naturalized
citizens of the United States while in foreign States
shall be entitled to and shall receivo from this Gov-
ernment the same protection of persons and proporty
that is accorded to native-born citizens in like situ-
ation and circumstances. And tho President is em-
powered to employ all the resources of the Govern-
ment in just efforts to secure the recognition by other
Governments of the principles of public law which
have been insisted upon and maintained by the Gov-
ernment of the United States in regard to the rights
of naturalized citizens: Provided always. That no
citizen of the United States who is guilty of crimo
against the laws of any foreign State committed with-
in its jurisdiction; or of desertion from actual ser-
vice in the army or navy ot such State; or who shall
! have acquired naturalisation by misrepresentation or
fraud in regard to residence or otherwise; or who by
treason or other crime against the UnitcdStates shall
havo forfeited, or who shall have renounced, his rights
as a citizcn; or who shall establish a continuous res-
idence beyond tUe limits of tbd United States ior *
: term exceeding five years, shall be entitled to the pro-
tection contemplated by this act.
! SkC. 2. And be it further enacted. That whenever it
shall be duly mode known to the President that any
naturalized citizen of the United States has been
arrested and is detained by any foreign Government,
i in contravention of the intent and purposes of this
1 act. upon the allegation that naturalization in the
! United States does not operate to dissolve bis alle-
I (fiance to his native sovereign, or if any citizen snail
I have been so arrested and detained whose release
upon demand shall havo been unreasonably delayed
! or refused, the President shall be, and hereby is, em-
: powered to order the arrest and to detain in custody
any suhjector citizen of such foreign Government who
i may be found within the jurisdiction of the United
States; ami thePresident shall, without unreasonable
delay, give information to Congress of any such pro-
ceedings under this act. ,
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That if any natu-
ralized citizen of the United State* shall return to
his native country with intent to resume his domicilo
therein, or if any citizen shall leavethe United states
with the intention of permanent residence in any lor-
eign State, or shall fail to make annual return of hi«
property in the United States for taxation to the
assessor of internal revenue for the district of the
United States in which such citizcn last resided, or
shall engage as an army or navy belligeront in any
foreign war or service, such citizen shall not be enti-
tled to the interposition of the Government in his
behalf under the provisions of this act.
Sec. I. And be it further enacted. That the term
"domieile" in the preceding section shall be con-
strued to mean a continuous residence of more wan
five years in the native country of the naturalised
citizen, or establishing himself in any business which
denotes an intention to resume a permanent resi-
dence.
Mr. BANKS. I now move that the bill be
printed, and that it be recommitted to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I now move that the report
accompanying the bill be printed for the use
of the House; and I also move that it be
printed in The Globe, aa it will hardly be
printed in time for use here when the commit-
tee is (Sailed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
recommitted; and I also move that the motion
to recpnsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
illinois and michigan canal.
Mr. LOGAN. There was referred, the other
day, to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
a memorial of the State of Illinois in reference
to the Illinois and Michigan canal and river
improvements, with accompanying documents.
I move that the memorial and papers be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
overland mail.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask unani-
mous consent to submit the following resolution
for consideration at this time:
Resolved, That the Postmaster Gkmeral is hereby
directed to furnish, for theinformation of the House,
conies of all contracts with Benjamin HolUday for
the transportation of tho overland mail; also, copies
1 -   „ _;,k .n;,i TTnlliHnv to carry the mails
of \ll con^rac Wwithsaid Ilolliday ^carr^ t heniails
from the end of each branch of the Union Pacific
railroad to Denver City; also, to report all changes
that have been made since the contracts with HolU-
day were executed, either in service or compensation,
tho whole amount of money paid during the last two
years to Holliday and others for overland mail ser-
vice west of the Missouri river, .and whether any
portion of said mail service is performed by railroad
transportation, and the amount and character of
mail matter transported.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
