786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
convention of the State of Mississippi; which
whs read:
To the (bnffreti of the Cnited State* :
The constitutional convention elected under the
laws of Congress for the reconstruction of civil gov-
ernment in the State of Mississippi, now in session
in the city of Jackson, of said btate, beg leave to
represent to your honorable body that tho loyal peo-
plo of this State, in our opinion, require your imme-
diate aid to remove obstructions impeding the action
of their representatives in convention assembled.
The loyal Union men of Mississippi have accepted
in good taith tho reconstruction laws, and are labor-
ing to institute a civil government that shall recog-
nize the rights and protect the liberties of tho citizens,
and on such principles as shall render it acceptable
to the national Congress.
The reconstruction laws of Congress, nine months
ago, found the State under a civil government, so
called, organised in 1865 by not more than one third
of the white men, who were authorized to vote by
the President's proclamation.
They found this government administered by reb-
els, not in name merely, but really such in heart, ia
head, in policy, indeed in all respect* save open hos-
tility.
When the terms of reconstruction were announced
by Congress in the early part of last year, it was
hoped by many sanguine friends of the Union that
they would be willingly accopted by the great mass
of the southern people. Not so, however, has been
the result, and as the work of reconstruction ad-
vanced there was gradually developed and made
manifest first doubt, then fear or apprehension, then
opposition, and lastly an absolute and unmistakable
hostility.
During this transition state of public sentiment
from doubt to hostility it map be imagined what
proscription and abuse the faithful Union loyalists
had to meet.
All this has been borne with a calm defiance and
unfaltering devotion to country, to liberty, and the
Union: and now this rebel sentiment has culminated
on the floor of this convention itself by a member in
a report to this body averring that the convention ii
an unauthorized assembly, calicd by an unconstitu-
tional law of Congress, and has therefore no legal or
binding power over the State of Mississippi in com-
pelling obedience to its ordinances.
In addition to the impediments thrown in the
way of the convention by this popular sentiment
arising from the broken fragments of secession and
rebellion, which may very safely be permitted to
drift aloof from all participation in reconstruction,
there is another and a much more formidable power,
productive of far greater embarrassment to recon-
struction than that already brought to view, namely,
the administrators of the provisional government ot
the State whose terms of office have expired.
These incumbents, continued in office by the for-
bearance of Congress, were elected by only a portion
of the people in 1865. when if any Union candidate
had presented his claims for office he would have bad
no chance. Their continuance in office endangers
the restoration of peace and order; at least their
action or non-action may result greatly to the em-
barrassment of this convention in its work of recon-
struction.
We therefore, in the name and in behalf of the
loyal people of Mississippi, in the name of justice,
liberty, and humanity, do most earnestly and re-
spectfully petition your honorable body to authorize
this convention to declare all civil offices in the State
vacant, and tt> fill them at once by the appointment
of true and loyal men who. we humbly trust and con-
fidently believe, will greatly add to the success of the
congressional plan of reconstruction ; all of which is
most respectfully and deferentially submitted to the
consideration of your honorable body, and, as in duty
bound, we will ever pray.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also pre-
sented a memorial of the Legislative Assembly
of the Territory of Dakota, relative to Indian
affairs in that Territory; wljich was referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of Robert
Gibson, praying compensation for the use and
occupancy of his farm by United States troops
and for the destruction of property thereon;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of mem-
bers of the Georgia constitutional convention,
praying Congress to establish a civil provisional
government in Georgia; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions of the
Senate of New York, asking for an appropria-
tion for removing obstructions at Hell Gate and
the improvement of the eastern entrance to the
harbor of New York; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petitionof Martha M.
Jones, widow and administratrix of Samnel T.
Jones, deceased, for the confirmation of the
extension of a patent which was granted Feb-
ruary 23,1866, tor the manufacture of the white
oxyae of zinc; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. RAMSEY presented resolutions adopted
at a meeting of citizens of Hennepin county,
Minnesota, relative to the rights of American
citizens in foreign countries; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented resolutions adopted at a
meeting of citizens of St. Paul, Minnesota,
held on the 23d of January, 1868, relative to
the rights of American citizens in foreign coun-
tries ; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly ef the Territory of Dakota,
relative to the survey of public lands on and
near Red river of the North; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota
relative to a United States land office in the
Red river valley; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota,
praying for an appropriation to construct a
wagon road from tort Abercrombie down the
Red river of the North ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Dakota,
praying for the establishment of a mail route
from tort Totten to St. Joseph, Dakota Ter-
ritory ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. HARLAN presented resolutions of the
Board of Supervisors of Polk county, Iowa,
praying that immediate action be taken to pro-
tect American citizens everywhere; which were
referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. FERRY presented a memorial of man-
ufacturers of wool and constructors of burring
machines, remonstrating against an extension
of the letters-patent of Stephen R. Parkhurst,
dated May 1, 1845; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CATTELL presented a petition of cit-
izens of Pennsylvania, asking the repeal of the
internal taxes on cotton and on all textile cot-
ton and woolen fabrics; which was referred to
the Committee on Finanee.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William
McDonagh, of Williamsport, New York, be taken
from the files of the Senate and be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 170) to provide for deficiency of ex-
penses incurred in the survey of Indian reser-
vations, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 358) for the
relief of settlers on the late Sioux Indian res-
ervation, in the State of Minnesota, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 252) to create
an additional land district in the State of Min-
nesota, reported it without amendment.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am instructed by
the Committee on Pensions, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 160) extending the pro-
visions of the pension laws to provost marsnals
and enrolling officers killed or wounded in the
discharge of their duties, to report it back and
ask that the committee be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be indefinitely
postponed. The provision asked for is in the
law of July, 1866.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Ann Kelley, widow of Bernard Kelley, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 291) granting a
pension to Ann Kelley, widow of Bernard Kel-
ley. The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Maria Raferty,
widow of Patrick Raferty, praying to be allowed
a pension, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 21)2) granting a pension to Maria
Raferty. The bill was read and passed to a
second" reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am also directed
by the same committee, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 195) for the relief of George
W. Gibson, to ask that the committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be indefinitely postponed. I will state
for the information of Senators that a decision
at the Pension Office, after the passage of the
act of 1806 increasing the pay of certain classes
of pensioners, prevented those who had had
their pensions by special act of Congressfrom
getting the increase. That decision has been
reviewed and reversed, and those who are en-
titled to the benefits of it, although they got
their pensions by special acts of Congress,
can now apply at the Pension Office and in all
proper cases get their pensions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am entirely satisfied
with the report of the committee on this bill;
but ask leave to withdraw the papers that
accompanied the bill in order that they may
be presented under the decision to the Pension
Office.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am also directed
by the same committee to report back the peti-
tion of Mrs. Mary A. Thompson, praying for
arrearages of pension, and for future payment
of her pension. She was accused of disloyalty,
the case investigated, and her pension dis-
continued. This petition is for the pension
that accrued during that interval. We learned
from the Commissioner of Pensions that that
has been paid to her. I move that the same
disposition be made of this petition.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of A. J. Campbell, praying the payment
of $10,000 in satisfaction of the claim due to
his father, Scott Campbell, under the ninth
article of the Indian treaty made June 19,1858,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration , and that it be referred to the Committee
on Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Isaiah Walker,
praying to be reimbursed for ferry privileges,
which have been destroyed by an act of the
State Legislature of Kansas, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting an estimate
of an appropriation required for surveying the
boundaries of certain lands that formerly lay
within an Indian reservation, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the papers in the case of S. B.
Wallace and others, claiming to be reimbursed
for expenses incurred by them for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and
that they be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom the subject was referred,
reported a joint resolution (S. R. No. 94)
directing the Secretary of the Treasury, when-
ever any State shall have been, or may be in
default for the payment of interest or princi-
pal or investments in its stocks or bonds held
by the United States in trust, to retain moneys
doe to such State from the United States;
