788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
make a communication which he sends to us
frivate. You have no authority over him.
insist, therefore, that upon every ground,
whether of our own rule or with reference to
the powers of the President of the United
States over the business transacted by himself
there is no grouud for impeaching his con-
duct. It is because the Senator from New
York now in open session raises the point,
which is groundless, that I have thought it
necessary to say a word on this subject to
repel his remark.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania was hardly warranted iu saying that
I impeached the conduct of the President.
However, as he makes the point, I beg to re-
spond to him in two respects. In the first
place, this message was sent under the statute
by force of which it is in essence and in form
an executive document; and in that sense a
confidential document. Why? Because the
rules of the Senate from time immemorial have
denominated and treated as confidential the
particular subject and class of subjects to which
this message- related. Therefore, while it may
be true, as the Senator says, that technically
the President violated no law 
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will per-
mit me to ask him whetker it has not been the
uniform practice always, when the President
sent an executive communic&tioa making nom-
inations to the Senate, althongh our proceed-
ings on -nominations were secret, that the facts
were published in all the newspapers?
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator in re-
sponse let me ask him a question ? He says
tnisis not one of the confidential messages of
the President. Will he do me the favor to tell
me what sort of a message is confidential from
the President—what he means ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Unquestionably those
which are marked so by the President.
Mr. CONKLING. Which are they? I
think the Senator knows as well as I do that
messages do not come here marked in that
manner at all. They come here as ordinary
messages, and they eome marked "execu-
tive," and that is the word which shows that
they belong to executive business; in that
sense confidential business; and although I
will not venture far npon my experience in the
Senate, certainly I may say that during the
brief time 1 have been here I have never known
any message to be confidential in any sense
except that. When printed in the Senate;
when, for example, a treaty is printed, when
a long list o? nominations, as military or naval
nominations, is printed, the printer puts upon
the top of the pamphlet which he sends to us
the word "confidential:" but the mark which
the Executive puts upon his message in send-
ing it, as I understand it, is the word " execu-
tive.
I-was going to say that while it may be that
technically no law or, if the Senator pleases,
no duty is thus imposed upon the President,
yet a fair consideration of decorum arises oiii
of the fact that it has always been the practice
and understanding of the Senate that by the
action of the Senate, if at all, the injunction
of secrecy was to be removed. But, sir, if
this were all, if this were the only point that
had been disregarded in this case, it might be
casual, it might be passing, it might be for
some reason not the proper subject of such a
remark as I made; but the Senate will remem-
ber, what the Senator from Pennsylvania per-
fectly well knows, that there was a special pur-
pose in this case, a special purpose on the part
of the President in publishing this message.
What was it? To avail himself of the general
right of making public messages which he
might send ? To give information in the ab-
■ stract to the public which he thought might be
useful or interesting? Not at all. But it so
happened that he was waging a warfare with
this particular officer, and sending a message
here which, so far as the law pointed out his
duty, was for the sole purpose of giving inform-
ation to this body; and he gave it publicity
for the purpose of perverting that act so as to
enable him in advance to asperse the character
of the officer whom h«*«ssailed. Everybody
knows that that was his motive. Everybody
knows that, as a question between him and
Mr. Stanton, he was seeking by the premature
publication of this message to get an advan-
tage ; he was seeking to address the public
ear, to occupy the public mind, to foreclose
the public judgment in advance of anything
that Mr. Stanton might say or that might be
said on his behalf. Everybody who hears me
knows that, and the whole country, partisans
of the President who are candid, as well as
his opponents, will admit that that was the
fact.
I state this in extenuation of what I said
before, which the Senator deems the impeach-
ment that I ventured to make of the President.
I say that it was a departure from the rules and
courtesies controlling intercourse between the
President and the Senate; and I say in addi-
tion that it was an act prompted, if not by
malice, by a disposition to seize upon the par-
ticular omcial opportunity that he had more
effectually to asperse Mr. Stanton before the
public than he would be able to do if he kept
within the ordinary limits of his duty.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I do not care to pro-
tract this debate. It is scarcely worth while.
It is in order for me to read the rule, I sup-
pose, as it is in the published rules of the
Senate. The thirty-ninth rule is:
"All confidential communications made by the
President of the United States to the Senate shall be
by the members thereof kept secret," <to.
This message was not such a confidential
communication, and was never treated as such
by the President It was for "him to decide
whether it was confidential or not. That is the
point which I made before.
Mr. CONKLING. That is all trne. Rule
thirty-nine speaks of confidential communica-
tions. It does not say how they are marked
or by what badge the Presiding Officer of the
Senate is to know that they are confidential.
What determines that? The usage of the Sen-
ate, the mode which the Senate has always
employed, or which the Executive, addressing
the Senate, has always employed, to distinguish
these particular messages. What is that word ?
It is the word " executive," which the Senator
will find carried into the printed version of
these messages. "Executive" is the word.
Why? Because the Senate goes into executive
session to consider them; because the motion
always is that we proceed to the consideration
of executive business. Did the Senator ever
hear a motion made here to proceed to the
consideration of confidential business? What
does "executive business" mean? The mat-
ter of the confirmation or rejection of nomi-
nations and of treaties. That is all there is
of it. That is executive business, whether the
business to be acted on be a treaty or whether
it be a nomination ; and that is precisely the
thing to which this rule refers, as the Senator
knows. I think, so far from proving by what
he says that this was not a confidential mes-
sage, he shows that it was within the very mean-
ing of this rule a matter which the President
and everybody else was instructed to keep
secret.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to lay the matter
on the table, as it is consuming out morning
hour.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have a
decision on the point of order I raised, so as to
prevent its coming up on another day.
Mr. GRIMES. The morning hour is nearly
gone. •
Mr. CONNESS. There can be some busi-
ness done. Some Senators are waiting here
to present morning business. I move to lay
this matter on the table. It can then be taken
up at any time.
The motion was agreed to.
DTJBL'QL'E AND SIOUX CITY RAILROAD.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
208. I will state in one word that it is a bill
of interest to the State of Iowa, and ought to
be acted on soon on account of its requiring
State legislation to carry it into effect. It was
reported from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad unanimously, and I am quite sure it
will not occasion any debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This is just
the hour when the unfinished business of yes-
terday is in order, but if there be no objection
the Chair will entertain the motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we had better go
through the morning business. We have got
some bills to introduce.
Mr. HARLAN. Let us pass this bill. It
will take but a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not object.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. It. No. 208) extending
the time for the completion of the Dubuque and
Sioux City railroad.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire if that
bill is reported from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is so
reported.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I wish to inquire
why the bill has not gone to the Committee on
Public Lands? I will state that there are very
many cases in which th£ roads to which land
grants have been made are asking an extension
of time, and I presume the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands will adopt some policy in that regard.
It would seem ridiculous that one committee
should be considering the subject in regard to
one road and another committee in regard to
another road. If there be no reason in the
nature of the case why that bill should not be
considered by that committee, I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
Senator from Indiana is entirely correct 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having Expired, it is the duty of the
Chair to announce that the unfinished business
of yesterday is before the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to this
will going to the Committee on Public Lands
if any member of that committee desires it. It
was referred, without any motion of mine, to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad. It has
been examined carefully, and I think is right;
but I am perfectly willing that it should go to
the other committee if any member of the com-
miticA urionnQ if
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
before the Senate now. By the rule the unfin-
ished business of yesterday is before the Senate
at this hour without any motion for that pur-
pose; and if anything is done with this bill it
must be done by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. Let it be done by unani-
mous consent. Let it go to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose the Senator
from New Jersey, who is entitled to the floor,
will allow the vote to be taken on my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the Chair will put the question
on the motion to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 293) to grant lands and aid to the Port
Royal Railroad Company in the States of South
Carolina and Georgia; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 294) to regulate procedure in cases of im-
peachment and to enforce the orders and judg-
ments of the Senate in such cases, and for
other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the J udi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
