790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
loyal supremacy that we purpose to establish.
Our purpose is not to incite one race against
another, but it is to establish and maintain the
great principle tor which our fathers fought
and died—that the governed shall have a voice
in making the laws that govern them—and to
establish that great principle so beautifully ex-
pressed by Burke, that ''justice is the supreme
policy of nations."
Mr. President, I desire to say a word as to
the constitutionality of the laws in question.
The argument against them embrace a preface
or introduction and two propositions. It is
the introduction to the argument that gives to
it its color and spirit. That preface is that
each State of this Union is a sovereign power,
and in many respects, even when in rebellion,
beyond the control of Congress. If the States
were sovereign powers when and after the
Constitution was formed in 1788 it is very easy
to insist that they, as sovereigns, only entered
into a league or compact or treaty which, being
for no definite time, may at pleasure be retired
from the States and remitted to their original
sovereignty, and of course all legislation in
regard to them when they have so retired is
unconstitutional and void. That which gives
life to all the arguments against the recon-
struction acts is the principle of State sov-
ereignty. Now, sir, are the States sovereign
in any such sense as is insisted?
Originally these Colonies were provincial,
chartered, and proprietary. In 1776 they be-
came independent sovereignties; it is true, they
were without any power to give expression
among the nations of the earth to that sover-
eignty ; they were petty in their nature, tribal
in their character, but yet had all the attributes
of sovereignty. In 1781, when the articles of
'' confederation and a perpetual union'' were
established between the States, they still re-
tained their sovereignty. They remained sov-
ereign down to 1788, when they transferred
their sovereignty to this great nation. That
was done by several steps. One step was this:
that while the Articles of Confederation in
express terms declared that the States while
entering into that confederacy retained each
its individual sovereignty, the Constitution of
the United States omitted any such declaration;
and next the Constitution commenced by say-
ing that "We, the people of the United
States, for the purpose of forming a more per-
fect union." " More perfect" in what? Not
in perpetuity, for the articles of confederation
were ''articles of confederation and perpetual
union." More perfect in nationality, in unity,
in sovereignty. The history of the times
shows that this was the purpose of that instru-
ment. To form a more perfect union what
did the people ordain? A league? A com-
pact? A treaty? No; a "Constitution"—
the bones and sinews and nerves of a new
being, a new nationality. The next thing
done was that these sovereign States disrobed
themselves of every element of sovereignty by
declaring that they should not make war or
treaties or alliances, emit coin, keep an army
or have ships of war, or, in fact, nave or do
anything which is essential to sovereignty ; and
then with that which they had disrobed from
themselves they enrobed this newly-created
nation; and the last provision of the Consti-
tution was that "this Constitution and the
laws of the United States which shall be made
in pursuance thereof" "shall be the supreme
law of the land," of every foot and rood and
acre, of every Territory, district, and State;
and so they ceased to be sovereigns, and we
became a great nationality.
And, after all, sir, the United States Gov-
ernment is only a sovereignty with limited
powers. It possesses only such as are ex-
pressly or impliedly given in the Constitution.
The source and repository of sovereignty in
this country are the people, and there is a vast
residuum of it with them that has never yet
been put forth. The people have given con-
stitutional rights to the States, some sover-
eign powers to this Government; while they
have, by providing for amendments to the
Constitution, established an easy means by
which power can be reclaimed by the people,
or by which more power can be transferred
from the people to the Government. This
idea is well expressed in the tenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, passed the year after
the Constitution itself was adopted—
"The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution nor prohibited by it to the States
aro reserved to the States respectively or to the peo-
ple."
Some constitutional powers had been given
to the States and some to the national Govern-
ment, and all not parted with remained with
the same people mentioned in the beginning
of the Constitution, who are styled "the peo-
ple of the United States."
It may be said that it makes no difference
whether the powers which the States possess
are termed sovereignty or whether you call
them constitutional rights. It makes a vast
difference. The correlative of sovereignty is
allegiance; and it is just that heresy of allegi-
auce to State sovereignty that has made this
land to flow with blood, and which to-day calls
forth the unbidden sigh from the patriot father's
heart, has sent desolation to all the households
of this country, and has cast upon us a crushing
debt, which by honest toil at loom and anvil
and in the field is yet to be paid. I read the
other day a published letter to General Scott
from the wife of a distinguished rebel general,
in which she said, " My husband sheds tears of
blood over this terrible war; but what else could
a man of honor and a Virginian do?" And
in the ballad sung by the scions of the best
families of the neighboring State, beginning
"Maryland, my Maryland," is contained the
sentiment that has made many of the young
men of that State tarnish for life their honor
and their fair name by rushing into the rebel
ranks. I intended to read, but I will not
occupy the time of the Senate by doing so, the
views of Hamilton and Madison, as expressed
in the debates on the Federal Constitution, upon
this subject of State sovereignty. It is, sir, a
doctrine which is now insidiously invoked to
render our legislation unconstitutional, as if
there was a certain sovereign sanctity about
these States even in rebellion which places them
beyond the power of Congress.
So much for the introduction or preface to
the argument against our laws. Now, the two
propositions upon which the argument depends
are these: first, that the rebel States are in the
Union, that the ordinances of secession are
nullities, that the President and the Depart-
ments have acted on that principle from the
beginning, that the Supreme Court in banc
have included these ten States in their cir-
cuits : and, second, that these States being in
the Union are entitled to all the rights of States
that never rebelled, such as the right to repre-
sentation, to regulate their own suffrage, the
right of voting on amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States, the right to have
a republican and not a military government.
Such are the two propositions.
Now, Mr. President, speaking for myself,
and not committing my friends here, I admit,
because I believe, that the rebel States are
now in the Union, and admitting that I admit
that they never have been out of the Union;
and whoever claims that they are in the Union
now must also admit that they never have been
out of it, because nothing has been done by
the only branch of this Government that has
the right to act to restore them to the Union.
I believe that the ordinances of secession are
perfect nullities; that the President, the judi-
ciary, the Departments of the Government
have done right in treating the rebel States as
in the Union. The Constitution declares that
the Constitution and the laws made in pursu-
ance thereof shall be the supreme law of the'
land. In that supremacy every State of this
Union has an equal right.
The State of New Jersey has as much right
to be heard on the question whether Kansas
is in the Union as has Kansas : and so of every
other State. No State can pt.,?s an ordinance
to take a State out of the Union that is any-
thing more than a nullity. But how is it with
the second proposition, that the rebel States
being in the Union have all the rights of States
that have not rebelled? Let us examine that
proposition. States that have not rebelled
hold very intimate relations to the General
Government; they have a right to send Sena-
tors and Representatives here from districts
which are entirely within the geographical
boundaries of their States. If this proposi-
tion is true, that rebel States have all the rights
1 of States that have not rebelled, then Congress
I was bound to admit Representatives from these
: rebel States to its war councils while the war
existed, for there is no change ih the relations
of these States to the Union since the lermi-
1 nation of the war. Loyal States, sir, have also
under the Constitution a right to be protected
j from invasion and domestic violence ; and if
! rebel States have all the rights of loyal States,
1 we surely had no right to invade their territory
) ourselves, and Sherman's march was a most
unconstitutional procedure. Again, citizens
of loyal States have a right to all the privileges
and immunities of citizens of the several States.
Then when Lee went to Pennsylvania with his
followers they should have been received as
citizens of Pennsylvania.
Loyal States have also by the Constitution
the right to fix the qualification of voters for
Representatives. Then we are, and always
have been bound to recognize and submit to a
disloyal constituency. Loyal States, too, are
entitled to have full faith and credit given to
all their legislative acts and judicial proceed-'
ings. Then what right had we to call upon the
rebel States to repeal their ordinances of seces-
sion, to abolish their rebel debt ? Mr. Presi-
dent, has a rebel State all the rights that are
possessed by a State that never has rebelled ?
No, sir. It is a pure absurdity. The States
are and ever have been in the Union; the
Constitution and the laws made in pursuance
thereof are over them; no ordinance of seces-
sion is valid ; but they by war have forfeited
just such rights as this Government, for the
purpose of maintaining its supremacy and the
welfare of the whole nation, and for the pro-
tection of the rights of all the people, see
proper to declare forfeited. The Constitution,
too, in express terms gives Congress the right—
"To make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper for carrying into execution tho foregoing
powers and all other powers vested by this Constitu-
tion in the Government of the United States."
Now, I ask whether one of the powers vested
in the Government of the United States is not
the power of self-preservation, and to preserve
it by maintaining the loyalty of the constituency
of this nation ? It has, by the express words
of the Constitution, the power to make all laws
necessary for that purpose; and yet we are told
that in the passage of the laws, directed to
that end alone, we have been guilty of assum-
ing the exercise of ungranted powers, and are
acting in direct violation of the provisions of
the Constitution!
Those who with fire and sword have endeav-
ored to destroy this nation cannot cry out for
the guarantees of the Constitution. They have
forfeited just such guarantees as we choose to
declare forfeited. If a wife violates marital
rights the husband need not have it dissolved;
he can hold the marriage binding, and may
cause her to forfeit marital rights. If one vio-
lates a contract or lease that does not absolve
him therefrom; the other party can hold it
abrogated or can hold it binding.
Look, sir, at the consequences of this doc-
trine that the rebel States retain all the right?
of States that have not rebelled. It would place
it in the power of States by rebelling, by de-
stroying a quorum of Congress, to destroy the
action of the Government. And, again, one
of the grandest features of our Government is
our ability by means of amendments to the Con-
stitution and without revolution or the shedding
of blood to effect great political reforms; but
ten States rebelling, if they retain their right of
voting on an amendment, can destroy all the
