1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
benefits of this power. They, by rebelling, can
make it necessary to have an amendment, and
by their rebellion destroy the ability of the
nation to make the amendment, ten Statesbeing
more than one fourth of the whole number of
States!
Mr. President, we did not go into the war on
the principle that we could not gain and the
rebels could not lose. We did not agree that
if the rebels succeeded they would establish
their nation and so lose nothing, and that if
they were defeated they should be restored to
ail the rights that States possess which have
not rebelled; while we, on the other hand, if i
defeated should lose our nation, and if we sue- j
ceeded should only transfer the rebellion from j
the fields to the council halls of the country.
But it is insisted that these rights were sus-
pended during the war and restored at its ter-
mination. In other words, the rebels lost their
rights by going to war and gained them by be-
ing defeated. The distinguished Senator from
Maryland yesterday insisted that the war was
over and made that fact the fulcrum of his skillful
argument. Is the war, with its consequences and
its incidents in fact over when we are now com-
pelled, although laboring under heavy debt, to
maintain, at great expense, a military force in
the rebel States that we may preserve the au-
thority of the nation ? Are not those States in •
a different condition from the State of Pennsyl-
vania and the State of New York, and are
they any more loyal than they should be ? Have
they supererogated anything of loyalty? Is the i
war and its consequences over when four mil-
lions of our allies there require our protection,
and even now we are told are in danger of
being massacred 1 Is the war over until the
enemy accepts such terms as Congress alone is
authorized to lay down for the restoration of
our friendly relations ? Those terms are the
reconstruction acts. The Senator from Mary-
land, however, and myself may differ as to
whether the war and its consequences are over.
But there is one tribunal which must settle that
question; that tribunal is the Congress of the
United States. The President has no right to
attempt to settle it. The Supreme Court has
no right to take jurisdiction of the question,
and they do not assume it. The principle upon
which that court acts is stated in the case of
Luther vs. Borden, thus:
"The fourth section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States provides that the
United States shall guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of government." * *
* * "Under this article of the Constitution it
rests with Congress to decide what government is the
established one in a State; for as the United States
guarantied to each State a republican government,
Congress must necessarily decide what government
is established in the State before it can determine
whether it is republican or not; and when the Sena-
tors and Representatives of a State are admitted into
the councils of the Union the authority of the Gov-
ernment under which they are appointed, as well as
its republican character, is recognized by the proper
constitutional authority, andit3 decision is binding
on every other department of the Government, and
could not be questioned in a judicial tribunal."
The same doctrine is expressed by that court
in Cross vs. Harrison, in 16 Howard.
When the proper tribunal, the Congress of
the United States, determines that war, with its
consequences and incidents, is over, then, in
contemplation of law, it is over, and not till
then. The idea that the judiciary can deter-
mine when it is over is not recognized by the
courts. They can say in a State where no war
has existed that the State is not in a state_ of
of war, as they said as to Indiana in the Milli-
gan case; but if we declare war against Eng-
land, and questions relative to prizes come
before the court, could they say that we were
at peace with England? No; they would be
bound by the declaration of war made by Con-
gress.
The idea which has gone forth that the judi-
ciary have anything to do with the subject of
reconstruction is a strange one. The Consti-
tution says that—
" The judicial power of the United States shall be
vested in one Supreme Court and in such inferior
courts as the Congress may from time to time onlain
tnd establish."
It is " the judicial power,'' not the political,
which is thus vested. It would be a strange
thing if this nation, after all the wars we have
had, after living for ninety years thinking we
lived under republican democracy, should
wake up and find that our Government was
an aristocracy, and that one or five members
of the Supreme Court could regulate the polit-
ical interests and relations of the country.
Suppose the Supreme Court thought, as
many did, that our acquisition of the Louisi-
ana territory was unconstitutional, thinking
that we had no power to acquire further terri-
tory, and some suitor in that territory had
complained that the laws of the United States
were exercised over him, and he had asked
the Supreme Court for relief, could that court
have said the acquisition is unconstitutional
and the laws of the United States had no right-
ful control over him? Certainly not; and they
do not assume any such power. The acquisi-
tion of territory is a political question and for
Congress alone to consider and determine;
and so it is for Congress alone to say when we
make war, and when war with its incidents and
consequences is over, and on what terms war
and its incidents shall cease, and how the ter-
ritory which they have brought under the power
of their arms shall be governed: and it is for
no other power to determine. Congress fixes
the relations of this nation with all the nations
and states and kingdoms and territories on the
earth, and its conclusion is final, because it is
a political and not a judicial question.
But it is said that the Supreme Court will,
in the McCardle case, decide the reconstruc-
tion acts unconstitutional, and that the moral
effect will be injurious. I do not believe they
will so decide, because I believe that those
laws can be demonstrated to be constitutional,
and because I believe that the Supreme Court
will not make a deliberate usurpation of the
authority of the Legislature. We, sir, are en-
gaged inlying anew the foundations of a gov-
ernment for ten rebel States, for twelve or
fifteen million people. It is a most difficult
work, and is rendered more delicate by the
feet that there are four million human beings
recently held as chattels now to be brought up
to the position of citizens. It is a more diffi-
cult task than that our fathers had when they
formed this Government. They made one great
error by suffering to exist in the framework
of our Government, like a viper in a chaplet
of roses, the great moral evil, slavery, from
which have sprung all our ills. Let us, profit-
ing by our sad experience, take care that in
this work of reconstruction we do not commit
a- like error.
Being thus engaged, if expedient or neces-
sary for the more speedily effecting reconstruc-
tion, Congress, it is clear, has the right to
withdraw all supervisory power of the Su-
preme Court over the reconstruction acts.
McCardle is a citizen of Mississippi, and
went into the district court there complaining
that the laws in question were exercised over
him and were unconstitutional, and the courts
decided that those laws were constitutional
and properly binding upon him. Now, how
does he get his case before the Supreme Court ?
He asks the appellate power of the Supreme
Court, and that court gets its appellate power
only by virtue of an act of Congress on the
24th of September, 1789, which gives them
all their appellate power, and there is not a
lawyer in the land who will not say that if
that law was repealed this case would fall.
But, further, the Constitution on its very face,
in giving jurisdiction to the Supreme Court,
gives original jurisdiction in only two classes
of cases. First, "in all cases affecting embas-
sadors, other public ministers, and consuls;"
and second, cases "in which a State shall be
party." The Constitution provides that in all
other cases stated in the foregoing clause of
the Constitution "the Supreme Court shall
have appellate jurisdiction both as to law and
fact, with such exceptions and under such regu-
lations as the Congress shall make." There-
fore' CongreBS can by the express words of the
Constitution except all appeals under the re-
construction acts. They have a perfect right
to do so, and need only reenact the words of
the Constitution in doing so. The Supreme
Court have in several cases decided that Con-
\ gress had a right to limit their appellate juris-
diction and to regulate it just as they see
! proper. In the opinion of Chief Justice
Taney, delivered in a case decided in the year
1846, to be found in 5 Howard, page 119, the
Chief Justice says:
; "By the Constitution of the United States the
' Supreme Court possesses no appellate power in any
case, unless conferred upon it by act of Congress;
nor can it, when conferred.be exercised in any other
form or by any other mode of proceeding than that
I which the law prescribes."
Chief Justice Marshall, in 1816, in a case
reported in 6 Cranch, page 312, expressed the
same doctrine ; and so did Chief Justice Ells-
worth, in 1796, in a case reported in 3 Dallas.
I will read the language of Chief Justice Ells-
worth in that case:
" The Constitution, distributing the judicial power
of the United States, vests in the Supreme Court an
original as well as an appellate jurisdiction. The
original jurisdiction, however, is confined to cases
affecting embassadors, other public ministers, and
consuls, and those in which a State shall be a party.
In all ®ther cases only an appellate jurisdiction is
given to the court; and even the appellate jurisdic-
tion is, likewise, qualified; inasmuch as it is given
'with such exceptions and under such regulations as
the Congress shall make.' Here, then, is the ground,
and the only ground, on which we can sustain an
appeal. If Congress has provided no rule to regu-
late our proceedings we cannot exercise an appellate
jurisdiction; and if the rule is provided we cannot
depart from it. The question, therefore, on the con-
stitutional point of an appellate jurisdiction is
simply whether Congress has established any rule
for regulating its exercise."
There is perfect power in Congress to take
away the whole jurisdiction, and it follows that
they can regulate it. The Constitution ex-
pressly declares that Congress may regulate
this appellate jurisdiction. I can see no objec-
tion to a regulation requiring two thirds to ren-
der a decision in that it might affect unjustly
individual suitors where the constitutionality
of a law of a State came before the court. One
having an unconstitutional law in his favor
might succeed, even though a majority of the
court considered the law void. I am not ad-
vised of any necessity for changing the law
granting and regulating the powers of the Su-
Ereme Court. The whole question is, what is
est for the country? The chairman of the
Judiciary Committee has in charge the case in
the Supreme Court to which I have alluded;
and I am satisfied the interests of the country
will have all proper attention. But what, let
me ask, in this view of the law, becomes of the
charge of the Senator from Wisconsin that we
were unconstitutionally authorizing the jus-
tices of the Supreme Court to throw false
weights into the scales of justice? Should we
desire to pass such a law as he denounced we
could dp so by enacting almost the very lan-
guage of the Constitution itself.
Mr. President, the Senator from Wisconsin
complains of the policy as well as the uncon-
stitutionality of the laws. Sir, the policy of
the reconstruction acts is simply to have a
loyal constituency. Let a rebel constituency,
unqualified by the element of loyalty which we
seek to infuse into it, come here, and these
results might folio w; they would have no care for
the pledged faith of this Government, and hav-
ing no pecuniary interest in our debt, they would
feel every assessment for taxation as a new
wound to their pride as well as draft upon their
pockets; and by making combinations with
those they might find ready to confederate with
them by various machinations they might cut
off tributaries to our Treasury and also deplete
it; and thus, bringing us to the verge of bank-
ruptcy, make repudiation easy and even neces-
sary, and so destroy perpetually the honor and
faith of this Government.
Again: entertaining feelings of hostility to-
ward a race who for centuries have supported
j and now maintain them—a hostility so intense
that we are told they contemplate their slaugh-
ter and annihilation—when possessed *of the
! State governments they would enact laws which
