792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
their victims would be powerless to resist, and
which would bring them back to a state of
bondage worse than that from which they were
vV.iverod: for wb'lo the self-interest, of the
master would not indiiee him to provide pro-
t^crion and nourishment they would be deprived
of all the privileges and.blessings of freedom.
And again, let a rebel constituency come here
unrepentant for wrongs, unchanged in princi-
ples. stiil adhering to the heresy of State sover
eijrnty, seeing how our country is weakened by
the results of the recent rebellion, they might
re enact their defiant exodus from these Halls
and attempt the reestablishment of their con-
federacy. And might not this nation, pressed
down by debt and disappointed in not having
gathered the fruits of the last heroism, fail to
have a heart for resistance? At all events, I
withhold my voice and vote, my hand and
heart, from contributing to these pessibilities.
My friend from Maryland favored us yester-
day with a discussion on loyalty. He aid not
properly define loyalty. lie discussed loyalty
as if it were a matter of opinion, and with
great delicacy and propriety ajked, '"Am I not
loyal?" Surely the distinguished Senator from
Maryland is loyal: that would be the verdict
of every member of the Senate; it is tEe ver-
dict of the country, and it will a hundred years
from this be the verdict of history; and if it is
not indelicate for me to say so, I will go fur-
ther and say that his associates—oar political
adversaries here—are all loyal; and the great
apostle of liberty to whom he referred was
loyal, though with the Senator and his asso-
ciates, as well as with Jefferson. I differ widely
in some of my opinions. Loyalty is not a mat-
ter of opinion : it is a matter of feeling. It is
not a matter of the head; it is a matter of the
heart.
The man is loyal who loves and respects his
country; and he is disloyal, no matter what
his opinions may be, if he hates and despises
it: if he would make war upon his country ; if
he would trample our flag as an unholy thing
under his feet; if he scorns our offers of
amnesty and refases to submit to her authority;
and it is beeause of that disloyalty at the South
that they will not be admitted here until it is
reformed or until we are satisfied that we have
infused into that constituency a neutralizing ele-
ment of loyalty. The word "loyalty," he says,
is not in the Constitution. No; those seven
letters are not there, but the principle is writ-
ten all over it. Every enactment made under
the Constitution is bnt a declaration that loy-
alty is essential in this Government, because
every law is simply calling upon the citizen to
be submissive and obedient to the Government.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that the
Senator from Wisconsin, in diseussing the policy
of the reconstruction acts, missed the true
question. In diseussing the policy of the aeas-
nre he treated it as if the question was whether
it would not be better for this country that we
should all be of one family of the human race
and of one color. All the evils that his gloomy
fancy drew were drawn from the fact of two
different races living together. That is not
the question we are forced to consider. Per-
haps many might agree with him that we would
be happier if we were all of one family and of
one color. Some, it is true, might believe that
the Disposer of human events knew better
what was best for us than we do ourselves, and
that even if we thus would be happier that
happiness is not the highest, object of life;
that character, the character of a nation, is a
grander object even than its happiness, and
that we as individuals and as a nation are made
morally better by now exercising justice toward
a race that for centuries we have oppressed.
Then, too, the statesman might insist that the
nation could not now dispense with the ma-
terial results of the black man's labors.
The question, however, which fact, event,
and history force upon us is whether it is bet-
ter for this nation, in violation of its cardinal
principle that the governed shall have a voice
in the laws that govern them, to deprive a
population more numerous than were the in-
habitants of this country at the Revolution,
who have fought our battles and help pay
taxes, of all political right and self-protection
and render them a poor, oppressed, ignorant
race, festering and throbbing with degradation ;
or is it better now, when we have an opportu-
nity we never shall have again, to give them
those political rights which experience has
proven have elevatsd all who ever possessed
them? On that question, whatever may be
the answer of an unhallowed prejudice, when
I remember that it affects millions who will live
and die when I am moldering in the grave,
I have no hesitation as to what should be my
answer. We are bound now to do justice to
that race. Almost the first vessel for trade
that sailed up the James river in 1621 carried
twenty slaves from Africa, and from that day
for two centuries millions of that race were
hurried across that thirsty continent to the
dismal baracoons at the seaboard, and thence,
amid all the untold horrors of the middle
passage, they were transported to this country
to live in perpetual servitude. The Constitu-
tion, adopted more than a hundred and fifty
years after this, did not prohibit this traffic, bnt
did provide that no law should be passed for-
bidding it before 1808, and did authorize an
import duty of ten dollars a head, and that
instrument did in terms studied, so that the
enormity should not be patent, recognize this
servitude.
I do not say who was guilty foi this; Eng-
lish avarice, northern cupidity, and southern
pride are all responsible; but there was the
evil, and no man could see how we were to be
delivered from it. Deliverance came; but'it
was by an anguish more fearful than that which
visited the home of the Pharaohs, when the
Angel of Death waved his dark wing over that
devoted land. Deliverance having come, let
us no* compensate for the wrong that we for
two eenburies have done. That race has been
obedient to our laws ; they have been patient
under suffering; from a certain gentleness in
their nature they have been submissive under
exactions which would have made us friends.
They have not been drones living on our char-
ity. No; the father and the mother and the
daughter and the son have all labored as no
other people ever labored. Independent of
making their own bread and clothing, of giving
wealth and affluence to their masters, and of
educating their children, generation after gen-
eration, independent of the products of the
dairy, and of the riOe and Sugar and tobacco
and eorn, and of all the cotton used in our
own land, they have on an average brought to
this country about one hundred and eighty
millions ft year, as the return for the cotton
produced by their labor and exported to other
countries.
They are abused, called Bemi-barbarians;
and yet, what would be the condition of the
country this year with our $90,000,000 of gold
in onr Treasury if yo« exclude from the conn-
try the- $144,000,000 Of gold that their labor
has brought to us? I thfnk they have Sortie
rights here, and I believe that justice is, aB
stated, the supreme poliey of nations. While
the ballot will do them good it cannot injure
us. They will all vote the Democratic ticket,
or they will all vote the Republican ticket, or
a part will vote the Republican ticket and a
part of them will Vote the Democratic ticket;
and in either event, while they can protect
themselves by voting, they will only swell the
great current of popular sentiment in the coun-
try, and will not direct or control it 
Why, sir, there was the same opposition to
the emancipation that there is to the enfran-
chisement of the colored man. I remember
that the emancipation proclamation carried
the State of New Jersey against the Repub-
lican party by sixteen thousand. Denuncia-
tory speeches were then made. Where are
those denunciations now? All sunk like useless
debris in the sea of oblivion. Who now, North
or South, insults freedom? She sails forth,
gloriously, and is a thing of beauty as, with her
white sails and silver spars, bright against the
heavens, she circumnavigates this continent.
Five years from this the wonder will bo that
in republican America anybody should ques-
tion whether seven hundred thousand native-
born, free American citizens, who fought our
battles and who helped pay taxes, should or
should not have the privilege of voting.
Why distrust this principle? Ninety years
of experience have verified it. Its success
makes kingly power tremble all over the world,
while those who have long been subjects of
oppression are coming forth from the seclusion
ofages and claim a right to be heard. Hundreds
of thousands have come to our shores. They
have enjoyed this privilege and have been ele-
vated, while we have not been injured, but have
been profited. Why distrust it? A principle is
always true to itself. You may take an acorn
and place it under the forcing glass and nurse
it, oryoumay throw it out to the winter's snows
and the summer's rains, and it will never pro-
duce anything but an oak. A principle, moral
or political, that is good for me is good for
you ; if it is good for the white man it is good
for the black man. Does any one think that
this principle of self-government will ever die ?
No ; it is truth, andithassomethingof omnipo-
tence, and immortality of its great source. It
may be Mtarded ; it may be hindered ; it may
•be, as was intimated by my distinguished friend
from Maryland, that in sustaining this ftan-
i chise the Republican party has a heavy load ;
but I am glad to belong to the party and help
to carry it. It is a true principle, and though
retarded will not be destroyed—
"Truth crushed to earth will rise again.
Tlie eternal years of God are hers."
Take the doctrine that the governed shall
have a voice in making the laws that govern
them from this country and you destroy our
characteristic, that which makes this America,
and you leave it a mammoth country within
the broad extending ribs of which there is no
sonl, no spirit.
Sir, there are those in this country, and I
think their voices will be heard, who believe
: that the possession of political privileges ben-
i efits a man not only for time. There are those
! who believe that as the degradation of bondage
| tends to vice, so the elevation of freedom and
j of political privilege points to Godi
Sir, there was a time when the President of
the United States had full faith in this princi-
ple. "Go read that paper which says that all
men are created equal and are endowed bv their
Creator with certain inalienable rights, said
John Adams, "at the head of the Army, and
every sword will be drawn from its scabbard,
and the solemn vow made to maintain it or to
perish on a bed of honor. Publish it from the
pulpit; religion will approve it, and the love of
religious liberty will cling around it resolved to
stand with it or fall with it. Send it to the
public halls, there proclaim it; let them h6ar
it who heard the first roar of the enemy's can-
non ; let them see it who saw their brothers
fall on the field of Bunker Hill and in the
streets of Lexington and Concord, and the
very walls will cry out for its support."
Mr. President, that principle will yet live and
have power in this country. The soil of this
country is too deeply saturated with the blood
of patriots who died to establish the principle
theft the governed should have a voice in making
the laws that govern them for it now to be
surrendered or impaired.
As to the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin, which provides that only those hav-
ing a freehold or being able to read shall vote,
and which thus offers a reward addiessed to
the prejudice and pride of the South, if they
will Keep the colored toen in perpetual ignor-
ance ana poverty, I have no remarks to make.
It is buried up in the lumber of this debate.
But if that is not asking this nation to give its
children a stone when they ask for bread and
a serpent when they ask for a fish, then I do
not know where that expressive simile would
be appropriate.
Mr. POMEROY obtained the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
