1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
m
Kansas will give way to enable me to submit a
motion for the appointment of a committee of
conference asked for by the House on the cot-
ton bill; and I desire also to have action on
another bill with his consent.
Mr. POMEROY. I yield for that purpose.
COTTON TAX.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 207) to provide
for the exemption of cotton from internal tax,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and upon which, the House had asked a further
conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the request
of the House be granted, and that the Senate
agree to the appointment of another committee
of conference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Before the
vote is taken on that motion I desire to call
the attention of the Senate for a single mo-
ment to some incidents in the progress of this
bilL It was sent here from the House a bill
repealing the tax on cotton after the present
year. Ihe Senate made certain amendments
to it suspending it after the present year and
suspending the duty on imported cotton, and
it was sent back. Those amendments were
non-cOncurred in by the House, and a commit-
tee of con/erence was asked for and granted
the Senate. A majority of that committee
of conference were understood to assent to the
proposition as stated by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, to allow cotton imported
after July 1, 1868, to be exempt from duty. It
seems that the House are under the impression
that they have only got to insist upon their
provisions and the Senate will yield. J con-
fess that I am so recently from the House that
I rather admire the pluck of the House. I
thought, indeed, when I came to the Senate
that I was coming to a body of at least equal
position and of equal power in all matters of
legislation save that of originating revenue
bills; but I find that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means informs the House
as follows:
" I think that very frequently, wheretheHouse has
a determined Blind and so expresses itself, the Senate
is as ready to recede as any othor body I know of."
Now, Mr. President, it does not belong to
tne to indicate to the Senate what is proper to
i>e done under these circumstances. I leave
it for older and better-informed members of
the Senate. For one, I should feel very much
like adhering to the bill, and allow the House
to pass it or not, as they choose; but I only
desire to call the attention of the Senate to the
circumstances and to the character we are sup*
posed to be making so far sis it relates to this
particular issue.
My State has "not a particle of interest it
this question. We do not sell any considerable
amount of grain to go out of the State, so as
be interested in having cheap bags. The effect
will be to increase the price of grain bags
something like four or five cents each, for they
will weigh something like a pound or a pound
and a half; and if this tariff is still continued
spoil this cheap Surat cotton, of which these
cheap bags are made, it will necessarily en-
hance their cost. Bat the amount of raw cot-
ton that we are to import for this purpose is
very inconsiderable, and the duties arising from
it would not amount in ten years, I should
suppose, to as much as the sum that would be
absolutely annihilated in the oost of machinery
recently purchased to use Surat cotton by
refusing to grant the proviso to the bill. I
suppose that there is at the present moment
invested in machinery for the purpose of man-
ufacturing this coarse Surat cotton into grain
bags a larger amount at least than would
accrue upon the cotton for ten years. In my
own State we have no manufactories engaged
in this sort of business. We sell no grain to
go abroad and manufacture no Surat cotton;
and if other Senators are content to allow this
to pass I am.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the remark of
my colleague in the other House was just as
wrong as the Senator from Vermont can sup-
pose it to be. I think such remarks made in
either House, which tend to prevent a free con-
ference and tend to prevent the two Houses
from reconciling differences, are very unfor-
tunate, very unhappy. Such a remark ought
not to have been made ; but at the same time
it is our duty, as a matter of course, the House
having asked for another conference, to give
them the conference. There can be* no ques-
tion about that.
Now, a word in regard to the history of this
matter. The cotton tax has been debated here
until we are all tired of it. Both Houses desire,
as they have shown by their votes, to repeal
the cotton tax after the last year. The Senate
put on an amendment to this bill, in which 1
concurred, and whieh I think is right, to give
to the manufacturer of cotton here the same
opportunity of importing cotton of a certain
class that the English manufacturer has; in
other words, to restore the cotton tax to the
condition it was before the war, to allow cer-
tain kinds of cotton to be imported free of
duty and also to take away the internal tax.
But the action of the House grew up out of a
misapprehension of the action of the Sonata;
and it just show3 how these differences of
opinion between two Houses, who are not de-
bating in the face of each other, arise.
If you will read the proceedings of the House
of Representative® it will be seen that the
Speaker of that House made the point that the
Senate, contrary to usage, had instructed its
committee of conference to adhere to such and
such propositions. We did' no such thing.
Upon ray own motion the Senate proposed to
recede from the great body of the disagree'
ment. Instead of proposing to adhere, or to
give instructions to adhere, or anything of
that kind, we proposed to recede from the
body of the disagreement, excepting only the
one provision to which we have still adhered.
The Speaker fell into a misapprehension,
and upon that he states that the Senate have
resorted to the extraordinary expedient of
instructing its committee, which was simply
a misapprehension on the part of the Speaker
of the actual facts as they occurred here. Prob-
ably he did not read our proceedings. So the
remark made by my colleague in the House,
following immediately after the remarks made
by the Speaker, showing a little feeling and a
disposition to create a contest between the two
Houses, it seems to me, was. wrong.
But, sir, there is but one course for us to
-pursue, and that is to appoint a committee of
conference to meet again the committee-of con-
ference on the part of the House. If they can
report at^agreement to us, as a matter of coarse,
then \re shall have our decisive vote upon it.
If they cannot agree that is the defeat of the
bill; that is the result of it. I therefore move,
in the asual way, that a committee of confer-
-ence be appointed. As a matter of course, it
will, be appointed with a view to carry out the
wish of the Senate, which is. do doubt in favor
of repealing tke cotton tax and also of.repeal-
ing the duty on imported cotton. Undoubt-
edly the committee will be organized with that
view.
Mr. CON NESS. I only wish to say that
when this question was originally voted upon
I voted with those who were in favor of con-
tinuing the tax on cotton at this time "Until the
whole subject of the redaction of taxation was
reviewed; but finally, upon condition of the
repeal of tke tax on imported cotton, I changed
my vote and voted to secede with the instruc-
tions proposed by the chairman of the Finance
Committee. I have no doubt that the vote of
the Senate afraid still be against the proposi-
tion to take the tax from cotton without that
amendment, and I trust that the Senate, in
the appointment of its committee and in coa-
ductiug this negotiation otr conference with the
other House, will adhere to the position it has
taken of carrying with this proposition the
repeal of the duty on imported cotton. Other-
wise it is not only repealing the tax on Amer-
ican produced cotton, but it is affixing and
contisuing a tax upon the agriaaltnre of the
country which uses cotton bagging. I only
wish to add what I have said to what has been
stated by the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont and the Senator from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance. I hope
that this provision will be kept in the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied that there is
considerable misapprehensio-n, which is very
natural, because one would not understand
exactly what was1 the object of the members
of the House by the debate when they refnsed
to concur in the amendments of the Senate. I
say I am satisfied that there is a misapprehen-
sion as to what was the reason which induced
the House to non-concur with the Senate. It
is not that a majority of the members are not
in favor of repeating the duty on imported cot-
ton •, but it is because they are unwilling to
repeal the duty on imported cotton on the 1st
of July and allow cotton to come in free from
the 1st of July until the 1st of December, when
the American cotton will have an opportunity
to be brought to market. I know that that was
the motive which influenced a good many mem-
bers of the House. Their purpose was to re-
store the condition of things in regard to cot-
ton exactly to what it was before the war ; that
is to say, to take off the duty on Surat and all
other imported cotton at the same time that
you take off the internal tax oh American cot-
ton. Now, you take off the internal tax on
American cotton virtually when it is picked
and pressed and sent to market; that is to say,
yon take it off in November or December.
Mr. ANTHONY. September.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, September. The
House, or many members of the House,
enough to eontrol the action of the House,
were desirous that the duty on imported cotton
should be continued until such time as the
internal tax on American cotton should be
taken off; and their reason was—I do not
know with what truth; I do not know as to
the amount of cottoti that is imported; but
the reason they allege is—that if we do so the
warehouses along the Atlantic eoast would be
filled to repletion with free cotton imported
after the 1st of July and before the time when
the American cotton coraes to market.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, we have
given up all of our amendments except that
which relates to imported cotton. Now, if we
go back to a committee of conference we go
back to give up that; if not, what is the use
of going there at all ? If it is only to postpone
the time when the repeal of the duty shall take
place two months it is not of very great conse-
quence ; but, ps I read the debate of the House,
it was placed tjpon very different principles
from that stated by the Senator from Iowa. I
understood that many members of the House
took the ground that it was interfering with
the principles of the tariff. I do not want to
do anything that shall arrest this amendment
of the Senate. The duty on Surat cotton now
paid in gold amounts, when it gets into the
cloth, to one cent and a quarter a yard upon
heavy standard sheetings, the only cotton goods
that we export, and the only qotton manufac-
ture that goes abroad to take the place of gold
to adjust the balance of trade. 1 he repeal of
that duty, if we have a short cotton crop next
year, as everybody expects we shall, is a mat-
ter of very great importance to the manufac-
turing interest, for all the finer grades of cot-
ton will be taken in Europe for the manufac-
ture of the finer class of goods, and we shall
be obliged to use the Sarat cotton to make
the heavy sheetings. That cotton wastes more
than any other. It takes a pound and a half
of So rat cotton to make a pound of cloth, and
when that cotton gets into cloth it pays a duty
that amounts to forty-two act! a half per cent.
I am not willing to agree to any measare which
shall jeopardize this amendment of the Senate.
I do not care about the postponement of the
repeal of the duty for two months if we could
have any assurance that that would be the
result of the conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. The better way is to let
it go to a committee of conference, and then
