794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
the whole matter is within our power. As a
matter of course, the conferees will represent
the opinion of the Senate. I take it, the opin-
ion of the Senate has been fairly expressed in :
favor of both of these propositions. 1 can say
that I for one am not disposed to yield either,
especially after what has been said. At the
same time, I do not think we ought to embar-
rass the conferees by apy instructions or by any
recommendations, because their action ia to be
reported to us, and then we shall act finally on
the subject.
Sir. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
Senator from Iowa is mistaken. I have read
the entire debate in the House, and I believe ,
there was but one member who participated in 1
the debate who suggested even the idea of an
objection as to the point of time. One gen-
tleman objected to it because he would not any
more take off the duty on imported cotton than
he would the duty on wheat, corn, and flax.
Another gentleman objected to it because it
was against the principle that we have adopted,
which, he said, iwas the principle of encour-
aging cotton. Mr. President, the principle
of protection, if it will not in the end produce
the article cheaper and enable the country to
fet along without protection, ought to be aban-
oned. We had protection upon cotton for
years—say from 1790 to 1846, although for the
last twenty-five or thirty years it was merely
nominal—and we did get cotton so that it re-
quired no protection. It was said by one gen-
tleman that there should be as much protection
upon cotton as upon wool. That is not the fact.
We produce three or four times as much of
cotton as we consume ourselves; while of wool
we produce only two thirds as much. I think
the Senate ought to adhefe to its previous action
on this bill. I do not think it would be any
disrespect to the House to do so. At the same
time, of coarse, I am willing to yield my opinion
to that of older members.
Mr. CORBETT. I simply wish to state
that I have been informed that one of the
reasons why the House was opposed to this
amendment was that the time was not suffi-
ciently extended to prevent the bringing of
cotton from Mexico into some of our ports pre-
vious to the new crop of cotton in this country
that comes into market about the 1st of Octo-
ber; but if the time was extended to the 1st of
October there would probably be no objection
to this amendment in the House. For my part
I should have no objection, as the Senator from
Rhode Island states, to extending that time to
the 1st of September, or October, if necessary,
that we might have that protection and to
satisfy the House; but further than that I do
not think the Senate should give way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves that the Senate insist
opon its amendment and agree to the confer-
ence asked by the House.
The motion was agreed to; and hy unani-
mous consent the President pro tempore was
authorized to appoint the conferees on the part
of the Senate.
Messrs. Morgan, Confess, and Buckalew
were appointed.
spirit meters.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will further appeal to
the Senator from Kansas to give way to let me
have a vote on the joint resolution providing
for a commission to examine and report on
meters for distilled spirits, which was reported
from the Committee on Finance some time
ago. The time fixed for the examination and
report of the commission expires on the 15th
of February. The Committee of Ways and
Means of the House are now engaged in the
examination of the subject, and they ought to
have the report of the commission, so as to
guide them in the bill they are preparing. I
trust, therefore, that by general consent that
resolution may be taken up and disposed of.
Mr. POMEROY. If there is any public
necessity for it I will give way.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a public neces-
sity for it. The necessity for the action of the
Senate is apparent.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to inter- j
pose any remarks that I have to offer against j
anything of any public necessity. It is in the j
control of the Senate, however. If the joint j
resolution can be proceeded with by unani- |
mous consent I will not object. !
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is taken up I think
I can in two minutes show the Senate the
necessity of passing it, and passing it now, if j
at alL I
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio. . !
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that the
Senator from Ohio asks to proceed with it by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to proceeding with the consider-
ation of the joint resolution named by the
Senator from Ohio at this time? The Chair
hears no objection.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 140) to provide for a commis-
sion to examine and report on meters for dis-
tilled spirits.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to extend the
time from the lotb of February until the 1st
of March. Some delay has occurred here,
and it is necessary to extend the time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
some amendments reported from the Commit-
tee on Finance pending which will first be acted
upon.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section one, line five, after the word " be"
to insert "in connection with the existing
commission of the Academy of Science;" so
as tq read:
That a commission, to consist of five persons, to
be appointed by the Secretary of the_ Treasury, is
hereby created, whose duty it shall be, in connection
with the existing commission of the Academy of
Science, to carefully examine all meters, &o.
The amendment was agreed to.
1 The next amendment was in section three,
line five, after the word "of" to insert the
words "such of;" and in line six to insert the
i word "said" before "commissioners;" and in
the same line to strike out the words " who
may be thereunder appointed" and to insert
"as are not now officers of the United States
or members of the said Academy;" so that the
section will read:
Sf.c. 3. Anil be it further resolved, That the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and di-
rected to pay out of any money in the Treasury not
, otherwise appropriated the expenses incident to the
j carrying out of this joint resolution, and also a rea-
j1 eonable compensation for the services of such of the
[, said commissioners as are not now officers of the
i United States or members of the said Academy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I move to insert
the " 1st of March:" instead of "16th of Feb-
ruary" where the latter words occur in the
joint resolution, as the time within which the
commission shall make their report; and at the
request of several Senators I will state what
this resolution is. Under the existing law the
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to
select a meter for use in distilleries. He hav-
ing no mechanical science and skill himself,
selected under the existing law the Academy of
Science"to make the examination of the various
meters that were presented. The Academy of
Science designated its proper committee, Pro-
fessor Henry, Professor Elilgard, and General
Meigs, to examine the subject. Finally they
determined that the Tice meter was the best.
They selected that. Contracts were made, in
compliance with the law, to supply the Tice
meter to the various distilleries. But com-
plaints arose that the Tice meter was not the
best; that it was not effective. Complaints,
some of them from interested parties, were
made. Finally, the Committee of Ways and
Means cf the House of Representatives under-
took to examine the matter themselves and
give their opinion as to whether the Tice meter
was the best. They concluded that they were
not skilled in the business, and abandoned it;
and they reported this joint resolution, by which
a commission of five gentlemen, agreed upon,
I believe, between the committee and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, all men of science,
whose names will command the respect of the
Senate, are to be appointed commissioners to
reexamine and look into the whole subject of
meters; and it was proposed to have the report
of this commission in time for that committee
to prepare their bill which is now under exam-
ination. I believe that is the whole resolu-
tion.
Mr. GRIMES. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Finance Committee if this will not
be substantially a reindorsement of the Tice
committee? The Academy of Science, itseems,
have decided in favor of the adoption of the
Tice meter by a committee of three members.
Now we add these three men to this other com-
mittee from whom we propose to get a disin-
terested judgment—almost a majority of the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is mistaken
in that. I will state how this amendment came
to be proposed. Professor Henry himself came
to us and said that Professor Hilgard was his
only associate on that committee of the Acad-
emy of Science, General Meigs having gone
abroad sick, and the services of Professor Hil-
gard were very necessary. The dommission
will substantially be composed of six members,
because Professor Henry was one of those
agreed upon. The amendment of the commit-
tee will make the commission consist of six
members. The only effect of the amendment
will be that the commission, coming new upon
the subject, will have the benefit of the advice
and experience of Professor Hilgard. _ It is
hardly to be supposed that Professor Hilgard
alone will be able to control all the other five
members of the commission.
Mr. GRIMES. Is not Professor Henry one
! of them?
Mr. SHERMAN. He is one of them.
Mr. GRIMES. And he was one of the com-
i mission that decided in favor of the Tice meter?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. GRIMES. And Professor Hilgard also ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; that makes two to
four.
Mr. GRIMES. That is, one third of your
commission have already prejudged the ques-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. The title of this joint reso-
lution, I perceive, is "a joint resolution to
provide for a commission to examine and report
on meters for distilled spirits." I have no
objection to that; indeed 1 think we need some-
thing of the kind; but I am at a loss to under-
stand why we should have section two, which
provides that pending the action of this com-
mission the Treasury Department shall suspend
its action with reference to the existing meter.
The evidence, so far as I am aware, is in favor
of that meter.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state the reason
given, and the Senate can judge whether it is
sufficient. The Tice meter or any meter is
a very expensive machine, costing more than
one thousand dollars, I understand. The law
requires distillers to attach this meter wherever
required by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, when there is a doubt whether the Tice
meter is to be retained, is it worth while to
compel distillers, at a very large expense, to
attach that meter? The effect of the second
section is merely to suspend the attachment of
the Tice meter until a definite conclusion shall
be arrived at by Congress. Whether the second
section is left in or stricken out will not make
very much difference. If it is left in it pre-
vents the attachment of the Tice meter until it
is reexamined by this commission. If it is
stricken out the Tice meter may be forced on
the distillers and then may be thrown away as
worthless.
Mr. SUMNER. If the second section is
adopted for the time being there will be no
meters applied, and, in short, it seems to me
that that section is to give a carnival to the
distillers. It is to give them an absolute letter
