1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
of license so that they may go on in their ways,
and there will be no end to whisky frauds.
Now, as I understand it, and my friend can
correct me if I am wrong, the Tice meter has
in its favor, first, the gentlemen of science who
have examined it, and then positively it has in
its favor the internal revenue department. I
understand that all who are connected with the
administration of that business are entirely in
favor of the Tice meter. They say that when-
ever the Tice meter is offered to a distillery the
distiller at once stops. He knows that there
is a tell-tale or a detective under the observa-
tion of which he cannot escape. The effect of*
the Tice meter, 1 believe, according to the
information that I have, has been very much
like the appearance of Captain Scott when he
pointed his rifle at the coon: the coon came
down at once, because he knew that his fate
was inevitable. And so I understand it is with
the distillers who are disposed to fraud: when
the Tice meter is offered to them they come
down at once. That is the information which
I have from persons in whom I place entire
confidence connected with the administration
of the internal revenue. I believe the head
of that bureau is in favor of this meter. Now,
I ask my honorable friend why, while we are
providing for a new meter, we should suspend
action on the old, with regard to which there
is such good evidence? If doubt had been
thrown over the Tice meter, if the internal
revenue bureau testified against it, if they sug-
gested in any way that we should not continue
it, then I think there would be some ground
for the action proposed.
In this view I hope the Senator from Ohio
will pardon me if I move to strike out the sec-
ond section of this resolution. It seems to me
it does not belong there. It is not needed,
and I believe it would be injurious should it
become a law.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is an amendment
pending which I hope will be acted on first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Ohio, in section one, line nine-
teen, to strike out the words "15th of Febru-
ary'' and to insert " 1st of March."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move to strike out
the second section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the section proposed to be
stricken out.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That pending the
action of said commission, and until their report be
made and a meter shall be by law adopted, all work
on the construction of meters, under the direotion
of the Treasury Department, be, and is hereby, sus-
pended. And in the meantime no farther contract
for meters shall be made by the Secretary of the
Treasury under the fifteenth section of the act enti-
tled "An act to amend existing laws rolatine to rev-
enue, and for other purposes," approved March 2,
1867.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like ta have the
yeas and nays upon that amendment. I hope
the Senator from Ohio will make no objection
to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that I shall
make objection. I have stated the reason why
this section was inserted, and perhaps it is
doubtful whether it ought to be stricken out.
The Senator says if this section is retained
there are no guards. There are no guards
now. The Tice meter is not used in one in
a hundred, perhaps one in a thousand, distil-
leries. It cannot be furnished. It is a new
invention, and the manufacturers are making
them as fast as they can, but it will take a long
time to furnish them. Wherever it has been
adopted, I agree with the Senator, it has done
very well; but the question is whether now,
until its final selection shall be determined
upon, it is right and just to the distiller to
compel him to pay one, two, three, or four
thousand dollars, whatever the cost may be—-
Mr. HENDERSON. About one thousand
five hundred dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. About one thousand five
hundred dollars, my friend tells me, for a meter
that next month may be rejected by this com-
mission and may be prohibited by the law.
This section does not do any great injustice to
Mr. Tice. It is simply to suspend the opera-
tion of the present contract until after the
report of this commission. Mr. Tice, who is
a veryclevej gentleman, came before our com-
1 mittee. He insists that his meter is altogether
the best, and he is satisfied with this commis-
sion. He wants to submit his meter to the test
of this new commission. He is confident, or
he seems to be, that they will pass favorably
upon it. Certainly it is not right to compel
private parties to expend large sums of money
m applying a meter that may be rejected. If
it is not rejected he will get the benefit of the
sale of the meter at any rate. So I think the
Senator had better let the section stand. If
it is stricken out it will only, probably, give
him the sale of a few meters during the month
of February, instead of postponing the sale
until the month of March, in case his meter is
finally adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not thinking of Mr.
Tice at all. I do not know him. I do not
know from what part of the country he comes.
: I know nothing about him. I a#i thinking of
j the revenue interests of our country. Sena-
] | tors are aware that at this moment there is
j; no abuse greater, perhaps, than that connected
i j with whisky. The whisky fraud is at this mo-
j | ment one of the enormities, if I may so express
I j myself, of the time; and I think that Congress
| is called upon at this moment to do everything
that it can to encounter the whisky fraud. It
is by the application of the meter that we are
to find assistance in encountering it. . We can-
not fight our battle with the whisky fraud un-
less we have a meter. Now, if I understand
my friend from Ohio, he .proposes, while this
commission is in session, to leave everything
open. This will be notice to the distillers
that they have an absolute letter of license.
I am against giving them any such notice.
TJie Senator says that possibly the commis-
sion may find a better meter. Very well; then
we will require the better meter; but mean-
while let us continue to require a meter which
; all existing testimony shows to be good. A
j commission of the Academy of Science has
reported in its favor. The Department re-
! ports in its favor. What more could you de-
sire? I am willing to unite in any legislation
that shall look to something better, but I am
unwilling to expose the revenue to additional
frauds during this interim. I think that we
should take advantage of the meter that we
have, with regard to which there is so much
good testimony, and continue it until we get
something better. I do not understand the
philosophy of the Senator who proposes, be-
cause we are looking around for something
better, that during the interim we should give
up what all the testimony shows to be good.
I do not undertake to suggest that the Tice
meter is the best. On that I have no knowl-
edge ; but I do say that all the testimony on
which we can rely is, that the Tice meter at
this moment is a good meter. Therefore,
• under the circumstances, I think we ought to
' continue it. I would not show to the whisky
! trade that we are disposed now to any relaxa-
i tion, not for a week, certainly not for the sev-
eral weeks, if not months, that will be required
for the report of this commission.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, it appears
to me that this discussion, as it proceeds, only
the more plainly develops that the adoption
of this meter business by our law from the
beginning has been a mistake ; and if that be
the case the continuation of it must be a con-
tinuation of that mistake. We are told by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, and he
gives us the best information, as he says, in
his possession, and that is all he can do, that
the Tice meter is regarded as conclusive in the
case. Indeed, Mr. Tice is rendered classical
hereafter by the Senator's allusion in connec-
tion with this meter. Where he points, the
object he points at must come down. Well,
sir, we have all got crotchets, I suppose. Mine
is, that what would bring the coon down in
this case is to determine by some practical
man the capacity of a still, that a given still
Would make a given number of gallons per
hour when driven to its utmost capacity, and
that the still should be taxed according to that
capacity, and then the proprietor of the still
might shut down, as he does in view of the
application of the Tice meter, or not, just as
he saw fit. When he ran his still or worked
it, he would pay according to its capacity to
the Government, and he would be sure to
make whisky according to that capacity; so
that he would pay according to the proportion
in which he made whisky.
But we adopted the meter business, it ap-
pears, by law. We are told by the honorable
Senator from Ohio that the law referred the
matter to the Secretary of the Treasury, who,
without any knowledge upon that or any other
subject, he says, referred the matter to a com-
mission of the Academy of Science, and they
adopted the Tice meter; and the Tice meter
has been found insufficient by its application
and all other contrivances, human and me-
chanical. The source of revenue that should
have given us from one hundred to one hun-
dred and twenty-five millions per annum has
yielded us, I believe, about fifteen millions;
and yet we are asked to continue, perpetuate,
and give additional character to the meter busi-
ness, by doing what? By calling in a few mora
scientific men, professors, gentlemen of great
knowledge upon a thousand great subjects, but
I apprehend not possessing half the knowledge
upon the question of a meter that an ingenious
Yankee or some crotchetty German might
have, who might be easily reached by the De-
partment. We are to make an appropriation
out of the Treasury to pay those gentlemen.
Certainly, if we command and enforce their
services, they ought to be paid. The whole
thing seems to me like persisting in a blunder
and continuing it. I, for one, cannot vote
for it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to strike out the second section
of the bill, on which question the yeas and
nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the section read, so that we may know what
it is.
The Secretary read the second section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the resolution fix
a definite time within which the report shall be
made?
Mr. SHERMAN. We have extended it until
the 1st of next March, so that this section only
operates during the month of February.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state before the
vote is taken that according to my understand-
ing the Tice meter is not now furnished, as the
Senator from Ohio stated, to one in five hun-
dred distilleries. The article cannot be pro-
cured. It is not manufactured in sufficient
quantities to attach it to all the distilleries. The
result of adopting the amendment offered by
the Senator from Massachusetts would be to
stop all the distilleries between now and the
time this report is made. The fifteenth section
of the act referred to in the resolution, the act
of March 2, 1807, provided that the Secretary
of the Treasury should be authorized to adopt
and prescribe for use a meter. Mr. Tice, as I
understand, constructed this meter, presented
it to the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Sec-
retary did prescribe that it should be used; but,
as I understand, he is not now satisfied that it
is the best invention that can be produced to
prevent frauds.
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] the
other day said, if I did not misunderstand him,
that the whole thing was a humbug, and that it
had been demonstrated to be of no nse or to
serve no good purpose whatever. I confess that
I do not myself know anything about it. I have
heard various opinions given, and given by dis-
tillers themselves and by scientific men. Some
say that" it does no good, while others say, as the
