796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Senator from Massachusetts does, that it is a
perfect test of honesty and correctness. We
Know this, however, in distilling, that where
the Tice meter has been used we have got rid
ot the frauds in the distillation of whisky. The
difficulty, as I understand, is in the officers of
the revenue. So mo officer must superintend
this T ice meter, and that officer may turn it
back so as not toindicatethequantityof whisky
or the quality of the article that has passed
through. It is by collusion between the distil-
ler and the officer that the frauds are commit-
ted, and no matter what meter may be adopted
those frauds I apprehend will be committed
until we have officers who are above suspicion,
who are perfectly honest and true and taithful
to the Government.
The difficulty presented by the Senator's
amendment is that it will stop all distillation
between now and the 1st of March. Therefore
I apprehend that it ought not to be adopted.
It strikes me as being improper. However,
if the Senate feel disposed to stop distillation
between now and that time they can do so.
The amendment itself will stop all distillation,
if I understand it, unless the Secretary of the
Treasury shall repeal his order prescribing
that this meter shall be used. I understand
that the Secretary of the Treasury concurs
with this resolution ; that he is of the impres-
sion that the Tice meter is not the best meter
that may be procured, or at least he is in
doubt about it.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator under-
stand that the Secretary is in favor of discon-
tinuing its use during this interim ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I did not so state,
and I do not know, becausc I have not consulted
with the Secretary in regard to it. My under-
standing is that the Secretary is not satisfied
that this meter will prevent frauds, as the Sen-
ator imagines; he thinks the frauds are as
great now as they were before, and the meter
has not made the distillers "come down." The
Secretary of the Treasury, as I understand it,
is perfectly willing, and more than that, he is
anxious to have this investigation to see if
something can be adopted that will be more
successful than the Tice meter. That is my
understanding of the position of the Secretary
of the Treasury. He knows of the pendency
of this resolution, and if he is satisfied with
the Tice meter, as he was authorized under
the fifteenth section of the act of 18G7 to select
a meter, why does he not protest against the
passage of any such measure as this? I un-
derstand it is proposed to add other gentlemen
to this commission in order to get something
better than the Tice meter. It is a question
for the Senate to say whether it will stop all
distillation between now and the 1st of March.
It is a plain, simple proposition. I have no
feeling about it one way or the other.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I should like to ask the
Senator why the members of the former com-
mission are continued on the commission pro-
posed by this resolution. It seemg to me a
very peculiar arrangement.
Mr. SHERMAN. The commission now con-
sists of Professor Henry, Professor Hilgard,
and Professor Alexander, who has gone away,
so that there are but two members of the com-
missioo. It was proposed t,o have this new. com-
mission composed of Professor Henry, an offi-
cer of the Army, a naval constructor, and two
very eminent scientific men, whose names were
given. Professor Henry came before the Com-
mittee on Finance and said that Professor Hil-
gard had got together a large amount of very
valuable statistics and information, and at bis
suggestion, and not from discourtesy to this
second commission, who are working for the
Government without pay and to whom this
matter was referred, we simply added Profes-
sor Hilgard. That was one of the amendments
reported by the committee, and we did it upon
the statement made by Professor Henry and
for the reason given, that the examination made
by Professor Hilgard would enable him at least
to ^i ve information to the other commissioners,
but certainly not to give him a vote sufficient
to overpower them, because it will still require
the same number to agree.
Mr. CONKLING. This resolution relates
to a very important subject. We all appreciate
that. Whether the measure itself is of much
importance or not I wish I could know. I do
not believe that it requires even pne man of
science to predict that all this experiment of
meters and all this search in quest of the best
meter is to be a failure. I do not believe that
any scientific knowledge is necessary to enable
the least-informed member of this body to fore-
see that no meter will ever be invented which
will check or stop these frauds.
The honorable Senator from Missouri has
alluded to the consideration which I think is
productive of this want of faith. At last, with
apparatus no matter how curiously contrived,
no matter how well adapted to ascertain given
facts, the test is the integrity of the officer
making the observations. If the officers doing
this work were honest, I presume the poorest,
the least artificial, the least ingenious of all
these contrivances, would answer the purpose;
and with the officers dishonest the best of all
will surely fail.
I can undeastand why inherently in the case
there is difficulty in getting in all instances men
proof against temptation ; but I cannot under-
stand any practical difficulty in having a ref-
ormation of the case as it exists. I am told,
and no*entirely by what may be denominated
hearsay, that where instances exist of men not
toriously dishonest, notoriously unfit, notor-
iously profligate in their personal and official
habits, and when those cases are reported, nay,
reported over and over again, to the Secretary
of the Treasury, still the work goes on. I am
told that the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, having brought to his knowledge instances
in which the frauds are enormous and persist*
ent, has asked over and over again for permis-
sion to remove the very man, naming him and
pointing him out, through whom enormous
thefts are committed, and he asks in vain.
The Senator from Maryland inquires, whom
does he ask ? He asks his official superior, the
Secretary of the Treasury; and I am told that
the Secretary of the Treasury, taking refuge
behind his official superior, say3 that, although
he is the financial minister and the head of
his Department, he is prevented by a power
above him from dismissing men who are unfit;
and I am told that the reason underlying all
this is a political one'—that those who toss high
their ready caps in air for a certain policy and
for certain men, no matter how dishonest they
may be, are tolerated and continued in the col-
lection and embezzlement of the revenue. I
do not like to believe this; but I cannot wink
so hard as not to see that there is too much
reason to believe it. It comes to me, as I say,
not by way of rumor, but it comes to me, as I
am sure it has come to other Senators, some
of whom do me the honor to listen to what I
say, through channels of communication which
forbid me to doubt that it is only too true.
Now, sir, we may sit here and legislate for
scientific commissions to guess upon meters,
and we may offer bounties for the most cun-
ning of mechanical contrivances, and they will
all be baffled and useless in the presence of
these frauds which go "unwhipt of justice,"
and in the presence of criminals too great and
too useful to be punished. Therefore I say,
that while this seems to me a very important
subject, I am unable to ascertain the measure
of importance to be attached to the proposi-
tion, and equally unable to ascertain the im-
portance to be attached to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts.
If, as the Senator said a moment ago, it is a
simple question whether between now and the
1st of March, without let or hindrance, distil-
lation shall go on, illicit and otherwise, escap-
ing the payment of revenues, it is perfectly pal-
pable what is the duty of every Senator who
votes for it. But if, on the contrary, the sim-
ple question is, as the Senator from Ohio has
said, whether these men shall be called upon
to pay $1,500, or whatever the sua may be, for
a meter, and that then the mockery may con-
tinue ot' robbing the revenue by a system of
swindling, only a little more complex, of course,
the vote which is to be given here becomes
more doubtful in the considerations on which
it ought to depend.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to remark to
the Senator that the considerations presented
by him had their lull weight with the commit-
tee, but we thought that if a meter could be
adopted it would require the concurrence of
the distiller and the officer in order to perpe-
trate a fraud. A meter, therefore, is not ob-
jectionable. The Senator will find that a meter
is a very good thing, provided we have an hon-
est officer. With the meter and an honest
offioerwe can prevent illicit distillation. With-
out a meter a distiller may defraud the Gov-
ernment without the concurrence of the officer,
but with the meter it requires both to concur
in order to commit fraud.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator think
that increases or diminishes the chances of
robbery practically?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know.
Mr. CONKLING. I declare I do not. I
confess I do not know, from all I hear, whether,
if you so fix it that in order to perpetrate fraud
the officer or one of this crowd of inspectors
and agents, as they are called, is to concur in
it and participate in it, you thereby increase or
diminish the chances of its occurrence. I shall
want some little time to consider even that.
If, by the use of the meters or by other require-
ments, you so arrange that two men are to
concur in the commission of every fraud, you
do, upon the doctrine of chances, diminish the
probability of its occurrence. That may be,
but that is a very loose and vague sort of satis-
faction to derive from the proposed legislation.
Now, Mr. President, the truth is here—and I
do not think the political bias of any Senator can
prevent his seeing it and acknowledging it—we
need a reformation in the administration of
this department. Fraud holds high carnival
throughout the revenue service, not only the
internal revenue service, but, I repeat, the
revenue service of the country. The Senate is
not to blame for it; the House of Representa-
tives is not to blame for it; a political party at
large is not to blame for it; but that executive
government, that particular officer, whoever
he may be in the instance put, who has the
power, the duty, and the responsibility of
administering this department, and wlio, know-
ing of robbery, knowing of wrong, and know-
ing of frauds, does not interpose to prevent
them. He is the man in whose ease and in
whose person we need, not a meter, but a
reformation. That is the truth about it.
Whether there is anything in this measure
which looks to relief is, I think, very doubt-
ful. I am willing, for one, to vote under the
advice of the Committee on Finance, able as
that committee undoubtedly is and earnest in
looking out the true remedies; but I felt on
this occasion like saying, for one, what I think
we all know, that the trouble is not with the
lack of ingenious contrivances or instruments
for measuring spirits, but it is in the fact that
the personnel of this department is so far de-
bauched and degenerated that other men ought
to be put there to do the work which is neg-
lected and scandalized by tbose who have it in
charge.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, it is a
very easy thing to make charges against gen-
tlemen who hold high and responsible office;
and when the charges are made so deliberately
and from so high a source as we have just
heard, I think they ought to be supported.
The Senator from New York has not confined
his criticism to the administration of the in-
ternal revenue service, but lie says that in all
the revenue services fraud holds high carnival.
Now, sir, if there be fraud in the collection
of the duties on imports, which is more directly
in the charge of the Secretary of the Treasury,
it was due to the Secretary, I think, that the
Senator should have specified the ground of
the accusation that he bringa against the Sec-
