798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
of whisky during the season. They are sub-
jected to the requirement of having a meter.
They are obliged to purchase a meter, and this
meter costs them from five hundred to two
thousand dollars. They cannot buy a meter
and continue the business. The profits of these
small distilleries are so inconsiderable that they
cannot purchase up the revenue officers who are
engaged in assessing and collecting the whisky
tax. They do not make the profits that are
necessary to offer a sum sufficient to purchase
the officers, if they are purchased, and we all
know as a general result that they are.
I do not believe that these frauds originate
with the Secretary of the Treasury. I believe
he is an able, faithful, and capable officer, and
that he administers his Department in the col-
lection of the revenue generally, as well as in
the whisky branch, with as much success and
fidelity as any other man would; but it is not
within the capacity of human nature to carry
on and administer so complicated a system of
revenue and prevent frauds upon the public
Treasury to au enormous extent. It cannot
be done; and all the machinery that can be
devised by Congress or by the experience of
the world would fail in excluding fraud from
so complicated a system of revenue as exists
in the United States. 1
You must simplify your system ; you must
have fewer officers; you must have fewer
opportunities and chances for purchasing up
officers; you must have less of maze in your
system where fraud may hide itself success-
fully. To effect that you must simplify the
system, and you cannot simplify it while the
present rate of taxation is continued. You
must reduce it, and you must reduce it essen-
tially. The most practical distillers want it
reduced to twenty-five cents. I believe that
would be too low. I believe that a rate of tax-
ation of fifty cents, payable by the distiller,
would produce five or six times the amount of
revenue from the distillation of spirits that the
present system does produce.
I think, then, that the financial committees
of Congress ought to do away with the meter
system wholly; they ought to reform their sys-
tem ; they ought to simplify it; they ought to
dispense with the numerous revenue officers
that are engaged in the administration of this
most complex system, and that can be done
by having simply an assessor and collector of
taxes to be assessed upon a distiller, and to be
paid by him.
I trust, therefore, Mr. President, that the
subject of the consideration of meters will be
dispensed with by the Senate now and forever;
that they will exclude it from the whole system
so far as it relates to the aissessment and col-
lection of a tax upon distilled spirits. They
cannot, however, exclude it fronAhe system
until they reduce the tax to one fourth or one
eighth its present rate, and make the distiller
himself pay the tax at the place of distillation
when the distillation takes place.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Mr. President, I had no
idea of arousing the criticism of the honorable
Senator from Indiana by what I said ; and yet
I ought, perhaps, to have been prepared for it.
I know that when one makes, in any view, an
attack upon whisky, without referring to any-
thing else, he is deemed by our friends on the
other side to be assailing the foundation-stones
of their platform; and when, in addition to
that, he ventures to discuss at all the way in
which this Administration has been for the last
year or two distributing its patronage for the
purpose of affecting elections and political
results, he is the committer of a double crime
against the Democratic party.
I understand the honorable Senator from
Indiana to take exception in two respects to
what I said: first, he thinks I ought not to
have alleged generally that fraud (as he says
I expressed it, and very likely I did) holds
carnival in the revenue service of the country;
and, secondly, he thinks I ought not to have
pointed any criticism at the Secretary of the
Treasury for specific acts or omissions.
Now, as to the first impropriety which he
thinks I committed, I shall take refuge in what
I am sure is very high authority'with the Sen-
ator from Indiana, and quote to him the state-
ment of the President of the United States,
who said recently, in a message entitled "A
message sent at the commencement of the
regular session of the Fortieth Congress," this,
among other things:
"It is well and publicly known that enormous
frauds have been perpetrated on the Treasury"—
that expression "on the Treasury" is very
felicitously chosen, the Senate will see—
"It is well and publicly known that enormous
frauds have been perpetrated on the Treasury, and
that colossal fortunes have been made at the public
expense. This species of corruption has increased,
is increasing, and if not diminished will soon bring
us into total ruin and disgrace. The public creditors
and the taxpayers are alike interested in an honest
administration of the finances, and neither class will
long endure the large-handed robberies of the recent
past. For this discreditable state of things there at«
several causes."
That perhaps is language almost as sweeping,
almost as energetic, as the expression which
the Senator no doubt truly attributes to me.
But, sir, I went further than this- in what he
criticises. I laid, he says, at the door of the
Secretary of the Treasury specific allegations.
So I did; and as I am not in the habit of
indulging myself in statements of this descrip-
tion without reflection, I beg to repeat to the
honorable Senator from Indiana and to the
Senate what I meant to say, to the end that if
denials or investigations of any sort may bring
about an ascertainment of the fact the Senator
may see and- the Senate may see whether or
not I was warranted in the statement that I
made.
My allegation is this: that I am informed
and believe that in cases not isolated or excep-
tional, but in instances repeated both North
and South, information is brought first to the
head of the bureau of internal revenue, the
Commissioner of that bureau, that A B, and
C D, and E F, officers of the revenue, are
engaged in instances specified and proved in
official malversations, gross, unmistakable,
prejudicial; that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, investigating these accusations, satis-
fying himself of their truth, presents to his
official chief his recommendation that these
men be displaced and others put in their posi-
tion who, at least, have not been charged with
or convicted of wrong, and that these applica-
tions and recommendations are presented in
vain, leading in many instances to no response,
except that a power higher than that of the
Secretary of the Treasury will not consent to
the removal.
I go a little further to gratify a curiosity
which may be supposed to be peculiar to the
Senator from Indiana and the few members of
this body who sympathize with him politically,
and I say that these delinquent appointees,
many of them, hold their places, having been
put there in the stead of men against whom no
accusations were made, and having been put
there as a part of that policy which began or.
culminated—I do not know which—at the
Philadelphia convention of August, 1866.
Now, that I may speak explicitly, I say again
that I am informed and believe that men have
been put in position as assessors and collectors
of internal revenue for political purposes, to
the end that primary meetings and caucuses
might be carried, to the end that the so-called
policy of Mr. Johnson might be carried; to
the end that the Republican party in some of
its outskirts might be demoralized and de-
bauched by losing such soldiers of fortune as
could be bought for pelf and patronage. I say
that men put in these positions of responsi-
bility for the reasons which I have assigned,
at the times of which I have spoken, and for
the purpose of giving strength to this presi-
dential policy, are among the men reported as
steeped to the eyes in official transgression, are
among the men against whom allegations are
made most specific, most conclusive of their
unfitness, if they are true; and that these men
thus put in place, thus retained in position,
are allowed immunity from executive touch.
Now, sir, if this information be false ; if the
men against whom these criticisms are leveled
suffer unjustly by them, they have the oppor-
tunity to challenge investigation, or at least to
interpose that denial which will provoke invest-
igation. I hope, for one, it may he done;
and I stand by the belief; and 1 stand by the
allegation not based upon rumor or hear-say
either, that the revenue service does reek with
corruption; that in revenue districts a large
part of the revenue is dishonestly absorbed,
and that that has been done not only for weeks
but for months without the executive grasp
ever being laid upon the instrumentalities of
reformation.
Sir, I- have no personal wish to say these
things. They do not touch me personally, and
very likely it would not have occurred to me
that it was incumbent upon me to state them
so fully but tliat the honorable Senator from
Indiana took me up, first because I alleged the
general fact with which the whole country
resounds from its center to its circumference,
that fraud generally and upon great scales do
prevail; and second, and more particularly,
because I said that these delinquent officers
were not brought to their accountability and
others put in their places. Therefore it is that
I accept the responsibility, and I respond to
any obligation which there may be upon me in
answer to the Senator, to declare frankly the
belief which I have and the information which
I have received.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I am
not able to perceive that the Senator has
changed the position which he occupied in liis
speech some minutes ago. He stated then
that fraud held high carnival in the revenue
service, and he qualified it emphatically by
saying that he did not confine this accusation
to the internal revenue service, but that in all
the departments of the revenue service fraud
held high carnival.
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President, if
the Senator will pardon me ; I did not, if I
understand his expression now, say that it was
so. in all the departments, thereby meaning,
for example, that at every enstom-house, in
every district, fraud was practiced. I said
that fraud prevailed, as I believed, largely,
not only in the internal revenue service but
throughout the revenue service of the Govern-
ment, not meaning by any means to cover every
district or every officer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My reply to the Sen-
ator was that the Secretary of the Treasury
was more directly responsible for the collec-
tion of the duties on imports than for the col-
lection of the internal revenue ; that in the
organization of the service the internal revenue
is more distinctly placed in the charge of a
special officer for that purpose, and that I was
not aware of any charges being made against
the revenue service so far as it was connected
with the collection of the duties. In his
response does the Senator attempt to make
his sweeping charge good? Does he locate
fraud anywhere except where I admitted it to
exist, in the internal revenue service? I have
not in any remarks that I have made to-day
or at any other time questioned that the revenue
was defrauded in the particulars that I men-
tioned some time ago, but if the Senator saw
fit to extend his accusation beyond that ser-
vice I questioned it. I called upon him to
make it good if he intended to make that
charge directly against the. Secretary of the
Treasury.
Now, in his reply, where does he locate it ?
He says that the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue has recommended the removal of men
and that the Secretary of the Treasury and the
President have not responded to that recom-
mendation. That is his present position, and
that, too, without making the charge specific
but quite as general as it was in the first in-
stance, quite as comprehensive and as wanting
in specific accusation as the first. Now, sir,
if there be fraud in that service in the connec-
tion that the Senator charges it ought to be
known ; but as I do not believe that either the
