800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
ought to have received $200,000,000 from the
whisky tas, others $100,000,000, others put it
up at $ ."A),000.000. Taken even at the smallest
calculation, one month will count by several
million dollars, and will you allow that one
month to go without this additional guard? I
am not insensible to the importance ot' integ-
rity. An honest man is the best meter. Un-
happily we have not such everywhere in the
administration of the Government, But we
cannot now atYord to dispense with this pre-
caution. It- is for the sake of the revenue and
without any reference to any individual, with-
out any reference to any personal or private
interest, that I do ask the Senate not to require
that the employment of the Tice meter should
be suspended during the coming month. Let
us continue to use a meter which has thus far,
according to the best testimony, proved to be
good.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Allow me to
suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts that
it takes some time to adapt one of these meters
to any distillery. Very iew of them now have
it; and if we are to adopt another one perma-
nently it seems to be rather onerous upon the
part of Congress to impose on distillers the
expense of getting one meter and then aban-
doning it for another.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator think
anything is onerous on these distilleries? The
Senator knows that if the distilleries had paid a
just tax we should have had fifty or one hun-
dred and possibly two hundred million dol-
lars. I find nothing onerous in requiring that
every one of them should be brought to the
test of the Tice meter. The testimony is that
wherever the Tice meter has been applied the
distillery has been stopped. It is a detective.
However, I will not say anything more.
Mr. HENDERSON. For the information of
the Senator from Massachusetts, and in order
to settle this question, I will say that I under-
stand from the member of the House committee
who has had this matter under his charge that
there are now thirty of these Tice meters 
Mr. SUMNER. There ought to be a great
many more.
Mr. HENDERSON. I know these ought
to be, but there are not any more than the
thirty and &ot as many as that attached to dis-
tilleries. They are supposed to be much less
than thirty, and the distilleries all over the
country are running now. If the Senator
wants to stop the distilleries he must legis-
late on that subject. It requires something
more than this joint resolution, either the
one way or the other. Even if his amend-
ment is adopted it will not stop the distilleries,
and if it is not adopted it will not stop the
distilleries. I understand they are going on
now, and ifthe Senator really wants to stop
them until this examination can be made he
must legislate for that purpose.
There ajre thousands of distillers in the coun-
try, and the meters cannot be made and sup-
plied to all the distillers within the next two
years in ail probability. No matterwhat meter
is adopted it will take a great length of time
to manufacture and supply a sufficient quan-
tity. If hereafter he desires to stop the run-
ning of distilleries until the meter adopted by
this commission shall be made in sufficient
quantities to furnish all the distilleries, of
course he must legislate to that end. The Sen-
ator accomplishes nothing in this way, because
the distilleries are now running, and we are
relying upon the law as it stands. It. is utterly
impossible to furnish these meters in sufficient
quantities, and, besides, they do no good where
they have been furnished, or scarcely any, as
I understand. This is a mere experiment to
see if we can adopt something which will avail
for the good of the revenue. I do not know
whether it will accomplish anything or not;
but as it does not cost the Government any
money, and does not permit any more frauds
to be committed between now and the 1st of
March than will be committed but for this
legislation, we thought we would try it. There
i  no harm in it at all events.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, Mr. President, I sub-
mit that there is harm in it because it opens
the door for one month. I am unwilling to
open it.
Mr. HENDERSON. But I tell the Senator
the door is already open ; the distilleries are
running ; they will run anyhow.
Mr. SUMNEli. But if you continue to apply
the Tice meter you have a check to a certain
extent. I do not say that it is a complete
cheek, but the evidence I have obtained from
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is to
the effect that this meter, wherever it has been
applied, has been most efficacious.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to-ask
the Senator where he expects to get the Tice
meters between now and the 1st of March. If
he were to put forty factories io operation they
could not manufacture enough of the article to
apply it to all the distilleries between now and
then.
Mr. SUMNER. Then why proclaim to the
distillers and to those who are disposed to
defraud the revenue that during the coming
month you will be idle and do nothing?
Mr. HENDERSON. The distillers are run-
ning the distilleries now without the Tiee meter
all over the country everywhere.
Mr. SUMNER. Some of them are.
Mr. HENDERSON. All, except a very few.
Mr. SUMNER. The information of the Sen-
ator is entirely different from that which has
been supplied to me from the -Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. He has great confidence in
the Tice meter. He finds that wherever it has
been applied it has been efficacious. Now, I
accept his testimony. Personally I know noth-
ing about it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator what his information is in regard
to the number of Tice meters now applied to
distilleries ?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know how many
there are; but I know it has been applied
often enough to enable the officers who are
interested in it to have a positive opinion in
regard to its merits.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let us have a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to strike out the second section
of the joint resolution ; and upon that amend-
ment the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 24 ; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Cattell, Chandler, Oonness, Oor-
bett, Doolittle, Fessenden. i'relinghuysen, Harlan,
Nye, Sumner, Tipton, Wade, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cameron, Cole, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Davis, Fowler, Henderson. Hendricks,
Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Norton, Patterson ol'
New Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Thayer,
Van YVinkle, Willey, and Williams—24.
ABSENT — Messrs. Aathony, Bayard, Dixon,
Drake, Edmunds, Ferry, Grimes, Guthrie, How-
ard, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill of Maine, Morton,
Saulsbury, Trumbull, and Yates—16.
So the amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the.
Senate as amended, and the amendments-made
as in Committee of the Whole were concurred
in. The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the joint resolution to be read a
third time.
The joint resolution was read th« third time,
and passed.
.EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 28, 1868.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fornet,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 246) to remove political
disabilities from Robert M. Pattou, of Ala-
bama, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
clerk to the committee on printing.
Mr. LAFLIN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I am instructed by the Committee on
Printing to report the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be au-
thorized to employ a clerk at the usual rate of com-
pensation.
Mr. Speaker, when the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washrurne] introduced his resolu-
tion for the appointment of clerks of commit-
tees I did not happen to be in the House, or I
should have been able, as I think I have since
be&n, to convince him of the necessity of a
clerk for our committee. If there is any com-
mittee in this House that can make a clerk
available to the interests of the Government
that committee is ours. There are many mat-
ters of detail which it is impossible for the
members of the committee to examine.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this resolution before
tie House?
The SPEAKER. It is. The Committee on
Printing is authorized to report at any time.
Mr. HOLMAN. On matters that have not
been referred to them ?
The SPEAKER. There is no limit in the
rule. They can report anything that grows out
of their deliberations. The House will de-
termine whether the resolution ought to pass
©r not.
Mr. LAFLIN. Unless some gentleman
wishes to ask me any questions I will move
the previous question.
Mr. WIN DOM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man if any pay, any extra compensation of
any kind has been given to the gentleman who
has been acting as clerk of this committee for
the preparation of the Congressional Directory
for the second session of the Fortieth Con-
gress ?
Mr. LAFLIN. That matter is under the
control of the clerk of the Senate committee,
the clerk of Printing Records.
Mr. WINDOM. Is that a different com-
mittee ?
Mr. LAFLIN. The Senate committee act
on the matters that come before them, and we
act on those that come before us. The Direct-
ory is gotten up under the control of the Sen-
ate eommittee.
Mr. WINDOM. Well, asjhe gentleman is
a member of the joint committee, I will ask
him if -he knows what compensation is paid, if
any ?
Mr. LAFLTN. To that man?
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir.
Mr. LAFLIN. No, sir; I do not.
Mr. WINDOM. I will ask the gentleman
one question further, whether the clerk of the
joint Committee on Printing is to be the clerk
of the House Committee on Printing?
Mr. LAFLIN. Not at all, sir; not at all.
Mr. WINDOM. Then, as I understand it,
the House Committee (Jb Printing is to have a
clerk, and the Senate committee is to have a
clerk, and then the two committees acting
together jointly are to have a joint clerk.
Mr. LAFLIN. Oh, not at all, sir; not at
all.
Mr. WINDOM. Then I do not understand it.
Mr. LAFLIN. There will be a clerk to the
Committee on Printing of the Senate and a
clerk to the Committee on Printing of the
House.
Mr. WINDOM. And then you have a clerk
to the joint committee.
Mr. LAFLIN. No, sir; you cannot say that
we havea clerkto the joint committee. When-
ever the two committees meet in joint commit-
tee the clerk of one of the committees would
undoubtedly act as clerk of the joint committee.
But everybody, knows that most of the business
done by the committees is done by them as
separate and distinct bodies. Very little busi-
ness comes before us, as the law now is, as a
joint committee.
