1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
801
Mr. WINDOM. What I desire to under-
stand is whether the joint Committee ou Print-
ing has a clerk acting for nothing. If he is,
then I have no fault to find with the manner in
which he has done his work; if he is paid for
it, then I have very serious fault to find with
his work. If he is paid I do not see the pro-
priety of there being three clerks for two com-
mittees.
Mr. LAFLIN. It is not so ; the gentleman
is entirely mistaken.
Mr. HIGBY. I would ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Lafi.ix] if it is proposed
to pay this clerk a salary or a per diem?
Mr. LAFLIN. A per diem. I now call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon the reso-
lution ; and upon a division, there were—ayes
58, noes 33 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. WINDOM. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Laflin and
Mr. Wixdom were appointed.
The House again divided: and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes sixty-seven.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. WINDOM said: I am informed by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Laflix] that
the party to whom I object is not to have this
appointment. Therefore, so far as I am con-
cerned, I withdraw all objection to the resolu-
tion.
The resolution was adopted accordingly.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absen.ee for one week for Mr. Buti.eb and
Mr. Keru ; also for Mr. Cullom for one week,
on account of his own sickness.
CONGRESSIONAL ELECTION IN OHIO.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I desire to make a
personal explanation upon a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. BLAINE. For how long a time?
Mr. EGGLESTON. For three minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I ask the Clerk to read
the paragraph I have marked in the paper I
Bend up to him.
The Clerk read as follows:
"General John Beatty, Republican, was yesterday
elected in the eighth district of Ohio as the successor
of the late Hon. Mr. Hamilton, tho majority being
more than one thousand."
[Laughter.]
Mr. MUNGEN. I move to amend by add-
ing that "the Republicans lost eight hundred
votes in the district."
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks this is
not a question of privilege.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I have done all I de-
sired to do.
SOUTH CAROLINA TAX COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. PAINE. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution calling for certain executive
information; and I will explain it in a few
words. In 1863 the President of the United
States issued certain instructions to the tax
commissioners of South Carolina. In 18GG a
law was passed by Congress referring to these
instructions and confirming certain proceed-
ings had under them by the Board of Direct
Tax Commissioners. But the instructions were
not recited in the statute, and no part of them
has ever been recited in any statute. It fol-
lows that a portion of these instructions is vir-
tually incorporated in the legislation of the
country, and yet, as I am informed, they have
never been printed. I now ask consent to offer
a resolution calling upon the Secretary of the
Treasury to furnish an official copy of those
instructions. They are really a part of the
statute law of the United States; the title of
real estate in parts of South Carolina depends
upon them; and they constitute an interesting
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 51.
feature in the documentary history of the coun-
try. I ask leave to offer the following resolu-
' tion:
j _ Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be
] instructed to communicate to this House an official
copy of the instructions issued by Abraham Lincoln,
President of the United States, to the tax commis-
i sioners of South Carolina on tho 16th day of Septem-
ber, 1863.
No objection was made, and the resolution
was received and adopted. j
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS IN NAVY-YARDS, ETC.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and adopted:
Wherea3 it is reported that the Secretary of the
j Navy has rccontly issued an order abolishing all dis-
criminations in favor of employment of soldiers and
sailors in that Department; Therefore,
Be it resolved. That the Secretary of the Navy be
requested to furnish this House with copies of all
orders and communications issued by the Navy De-
partment in reference to the employment or dis-
charge of soldiers and sailors at the Washington
navy-yard and other places, and also all orders
making discriminations for or against them.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. The first business in
order during the morning hour is the call of
committees for reports.
The Committee on Naval Affairs having been
called,
Mr. PIKE said: I ask the consent of the
House that the Committee on Naval Affairs
may exchange places with the Committee on
Banking and Currency, so that the latter com-
mittee may report now, and the former pre-
sent its reports when the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency shall be reached in regular
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will that
arrangement give the Committee on Banking
and Currency one morning hour or two?
The SPEAKER. Two morning hours,
unless some limitation be imposed. Is there
any objection to the arrangement proposed by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike?]
There was no objection.
TAXING SHARES IN NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Banking and Currency, reported back without
amendment a bill (H. R. No. 512) in relation
to taxing shares in national banks.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading.
The bill, which was read at length, pro-
vides that the words "place where the bank is
located and not elsewhere" in section forty-
one of the act to provide a national currency,
approved June 3, 18114, shall be construed and
held to mean the State within which the bank
is located; and the Legislature of each State
may determine and directthe manner and place
of taxing all the shares of national banks located
within said State, subject to the restriction that
the taxation shall not be at a greater rate than
is assessed upon other moneyed capital in the
hands of individual citizens of such State. It
is provided, however, that the shares of any
national bank owned by non-residents of any
State shall be taxed in the city or town where
the bank is located and not elsewhere.
Mr. POMEROY. I will state to the House
very briefly how this bill proposes to change
the existing law in regard to taxation of national
banks. Those members of the House who
were here at the time of the passage of the
original bank act, when the provision con-
tained in section forty-one for the taxation of
bank shares was adopted, will recollect that
there was then considerable controversy as to
the manner in which the assessment should
be made. There were two systems of assess-
ment and taxation prevailing in the different
States in regard to banks. For instance, in the
State of New York the custom invariably had
been, under our free banking system, to tax the
banks as corporations. Under that system the
whole capital of the bank was assessed at the
place where the bank was located. In the
State of Maine, and in various ether States of
the Union, the custom had been to tax the
shares as personal property, taxing each share-
holder at the place of his residence ou the
amount of banking capital he mightowu. Alter
considerable discussion as to the merits of these
two systems the former was adopted in the
national bank act. By section 1'orty-one of
that act it is provided that the shares of the
national banks shall be assessed and taxed at
the place where the bank is located and not
elsewhere.
Some of the States have fouud great trouble
in conforming their systems of local taxation to
the system established in our law. I think
every person here will agree that as a general
rule all acts of Congress should conform as
fully as possible to local laws and usages; and
this is peculiarly so in regard to all questions
of assessment and taxation, regarding which
every member of the community is peculiarly
sensitive, especially at the present time. The
Committee on Banking and Currency have had
this subject again under reviewand have unani-
mously instructed me to report the present bill,
which proposes but a single change in the ex-
isting law. The committee are unanimously of
the opinion that each State should continue to
have the benefit of the taxation derived from
the shares of all banks located within the State;
but they propose so far to amend the law that
the Legislature of each State may provide
for the taxation of the shares of resident share-
holders within the State, either at the place
where the bank is located or at the place where
the shareholder resides, leaving shares owned
by non-residents to be taxed as now, at the
place where the bank is located. If this bill
be passed, we shall have conformed to the full-
est extent possible our system of taxation of
national bank shares to the laws and customs
prevailing in the different States. Each State
then as now will have the benefit of the assess-
ment and taxation of the holders of stock of
banks located within the State. The Legis-
lature of each State can provide for the assess-
ment and taxation of shares of its residents
in such manner as it shall provide. I believe
that covers all that is contained in the bill.
Mr. WELKER. I should like to ask the
gentleman a question. Is there any provision
which prevents the States from taxing the
banks where located as well as where the stock-
holders reside ?
Mr. POMEROY. It leaves it to the dis-
cretion of the Legislature of each State to de-
termine that according to its own laws and
customs.
Mr. WELKER. Is there any provision to
prevent State Legislatures taxing in the county
where the bank is located, and also taxing the
stock in the hands of outside stockholders?
Mr. POMEROY. They must tax at one
place or the other and not at both, and that is
to be determined in the discretion of the Legis-
lature of each particular State.
A Member. Not taxed twice ?
Mr. POMEROY. Not twice, of course.
Mr. LOGAN. Suppose a stockholder re-
sided in one State—New York, for instance—
and the Legislature of that State desires to tax
the stock of the banks held by residents, and
the Legislature of Massachusetts desires to tax
the stock of residents, and suppose this resident
should transfer his stock to a Boston man, would
it not become taxable there?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. Would not the tax be con-
trolled by legislative action?
Mr. POMEROY. If the gentleman will bear
in mind, the law as it now stands is this: the
shares of the shareholders are taxed without
reference to the State of their residence, butat
the point where the bank is located. The laws
of the different States provide for the assess-
ment of shareholders and the collection of the
tax at that place. If this bill should pass it sim-
ply changes the law in this respect, so far as the
resident of any particular State is concerned :
