1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
that such shares may be taxed at their actual
value tor all State and municipal purposes at a
rato not exceeding that above expressed.
Mr. (-LARKE, of Ohio. I would ask the
gentleman if this bill does not authorize all
State Legislatures now to tax these shares for
all purposes? Is there any restriction?
Mr. HOLM AN. I admit there is no restric-
tion in the act of 1864. The language of that
act is as follows :
"Provided, That nothing in this act shall bo con-
strued to preventalt the shares in any of the said asso-
ciations held by any person or body corporate from
being included in tho valuation of the personal prop-
erty of such person or corporation in the assessment
ot taxes imposed by or under State authority at
the place where such bank is located, and not else-
where, but not at a greater rate than is assessed upon
other moneyed capital in the hands of individual
citizens ot such State."
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. If the gentleman
will indulge me a moment further, I think it
would be entirely proper for Congress to leave
the State Legislature to exercise their own dis-
cretion in regard to the manner of assessing
taxes upon personal property. If we under-
take to restrict or restrain them in any way, it
will be subject to the objections suggested by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harding.]
Let them treat their own citizens as they
please. If the Legislature of Illinois see lit
to tax citizens of Illinois for property owned
by them outside of the State it is their right
to do so; and if the Legislature of Ohio think
it better to pursue another course they can do
so. If Congress undertakes to become the
guardian of the people against the several
State Legislatures it will take a very larga job
on its hands.
Mr. POilEROY. In regard to the proposi-
tion made by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holm ax,] and also in regard to sugges-
tions made by several other gentlemen upon
matters foreign to the subject of this bill, I
desire to say that I want an expression of the
will of the House upon the principle embraced
in this bill.
There is but one proposition in this bill, and
that is whether the Legislature of a State shall
have the right to tax the shares held by its
residents throughout the State wherever it may
seefit. There is no other proposition embraced
in this bill. So far as the objection of the
gentleman from Indiana is concerned, all I can
say is that no such objection has ever been
brought to the attention of the committee. If
any such exists in Indiana none such exists in
New York; there has been no trouble of that
kind there. It is all now within the scope of
the legislative authority of the State.
The intention of this bill, as I before said, is
to reach, this one specific difficulty; and I do
not propose to open the bill to amendment for
any other purpose. If the existing law, or the
law as it shall be if this proposed bill shall
become a law, is defective and there exists in
any State grievances in regard to assessment
and taxation, if any member will bring that
grievance before the Committee on Banking
and Currencyl assurehim it will have ourcare-
ful attention and consideration. But until
some such consideration shall come before the
committee I do not propose to open this bill in
any respect to amendment, except for the spe-
cific purposes of this bill.
As there is another matter which I desire to
get before the House this morning, I will now
call the previous question on this bill.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the call for the previous question for
a question.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly, I will do so.
Mr. PAINE. This bill provides that this
taxation shall not be at a greater rate than that
assessed upon other moneyed capital in the
hands of individuals. I now desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Banking and
Currency [Mr. Pomeuoy] to state to this
House what he means by the words " moneyed
capital;" if he means "personal property,"
or what does he mean.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand the
language as meaning anything different from
the language of the existing law. If there is
any difliculty in assessing and collecting taxes,
by reason of ambiguous or uncertain language
in the existing law, the Committee on Banking
and Currency are ready to give their attention
to the matter; but, so far as regards the present
bill, we have simply taken the existing law
just as it stands and have reported a single
simple amendment, the necessity of which has
been brought to our attention.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman, of course, is
not responsible for the existing law, nor is this
House. But if we to-day pass a new act we
shall be responsible for its provisions; and
before the vote is taken on this bill I wish to
know the exact meaning of the words I have
mentioned. If they mean personal property
then the objection of my friend from Illinois
[Mr. Harding] can have no weight; but it may
be that they have another and a very different
meaning, and it is proper that the gentleman,
if he understands what those words mean,
should explain them.
Mr. POMEUOY. My own impression is
that they mean capital invested in similar inter-
ests—bank shares of State institutions as they
originally existed.
Mr. PLANTS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. PLANTS. I desire to inquire whether,
under the provisions of this bill, banking capi-
tal may not under certain circumstances be
taxed twice ? Suppose a gentleman residing
in New York owns shares in a bank in Ten-
nessee. Under this bill, as I understand,
those shares will be liable to taxation in the
State of New York as well as in the State of
Tennessee.
Mr. POMEROY. That is expressly pro-
vided against beyond all possibility of mis-
construction.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Pomeroy] yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I agree with
the gentleman in desiring an expression of
, opinion upon the isolated question of taxing
! the banks. I ask the gentleman to permit me
to offer an amendment on that subject.
; Mr. POMEROY. I would yield to the gen-
i tleman if I had not already declined to yield to
other gentlemen for a similar purpose. The
gentleman can read his amendment for the
information of the House.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. My object is
j that the States, while empowered to tax na-
tional banks, shall be prevented from taxing
the national banks to an extent to which they
do not tax their State institutions. The amend-
ment which I desire to offer is to add to the
bill the following:
Provided, That the tax upon the shares and circu-
lation of national banks and State banks shall be
the same in tho States and by the Federal (iovern-
ment. !
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose that is provided
for in the existing law.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman from New
York yield to me for a moment?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. LYNCH. I would like to offer an amend-
ment which I would have offered in committee
if I had been present when the subject was
considered.
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot yield to allow
an amendment to be offered.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman permit
the amendment to be read ?
Mr. POMEROY. I will allow it to he re-
ported.
Mr. LYNCH. I send the amendment to the
Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill
and insert the following:
That the words " pl^e where such bank is located,
and not elsewhere" in section forty-one of tho act
to provide a national eurrencybe stricken out.
Mr. POMEROY. I cannot consent to that
amendment.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman will permit
me to explain its effect?
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
Mr. LYNCH. The national bank act con-
tained the following provision :
"Provided, That nothing in this act shall be con-
strued to prevent all shares in any of the said associa-
tions, held by any person or body corporate, from
being included in the valuation of thepersonalprop-
erty of such person or corporation in the assessment
of taxes imposed by or under State authority, at tho
place where such bank is located, and not else-
where," &c.
Novy, by striking out " at the place where the
bank is located, and not elsewhere," simply
leaves it to the States to tax bank shares as
they tax all personal property. I cannot for
the life of me see any reason, if we intend to
abandon taxation in the States, why we should
not leave it there as it ought to be left, to he
taxed as all other personal property is taxed.
That gets rid of all these questions which the
gentlemen from Illinois and from other States
have raised.
Mr. POMEROY. I would be glad to give
longer time for discussion, but I have another
important measure to report this morning.
In conclusion I wish to say to this House,
so far as the State is concerned which I have
the honor in part to represent upon this floor,
it has no interest in this question. The exist-
ing law meets with the views entertained by
that State and its people ever since our free
banking law of 1838. If this law passes I
apprehend no movement will be made for any
change in the existing law of that State. And
I only ask for the passage of this bill because
I have felt the embarrassment under which
gentlemen were laboring in other States which
had different modes of assessment. If the
House does not wish to pass this bill into law
I am content. I leave it with it to say. I
demand the previous question.
Mr. LYNCH. Let me ask a single question.
Mr. POMEROY. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask the gentleman whether
the amendment I olfer does not accomplish all
this bill accomplishes, besides freeing it from
all these embarrassments?
Mr. POMEROY. In answer to the gentle-
man from Maine I will say that his amendment
not only accomplishes all this act accomplishes
but so much more as to make me rather fear
more the adoption of his amendment than the
continuance of the existing law. I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. POMEROY demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. POMEROY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
deposits of public moneys.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Banking and Currency, reported back House
bill No. 4o0, to regulate the deposits of the
public moneys, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
The bill provides that a national bank shall
not be selected in any State or place where
there is located a Treasurer or Assistant Treas-
urer of the United States as a public depositary.
All public moneys collected and received in
any such place for the Government shall be de-
posited with such Treasurer or Assistant Treas-
urer, and shall be subject only to draft of the
Secretary of the Treasury or the Treasurer of
the United States, asprovided by law. and under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury from time to time shall deem it expedient
to establish. And any public officer violating
this provision of law and deposiiing public
money otherwise than is here directed, and
