1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
not be in such a hurry to pass this bill. We do '
not propose to have rebels here. Keconstruc-
tion is to bring loyal men here, and the best
loyal men. \\ hv, then, cannot the gentleman
wait until they pet here ?
Mr. ELDRiDGE. I ask the gentleman to
let me answer the question of the gentleman
from Indiana. He asks whose fault it is.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not intend, so far as I
am concerned, to have this degenerate into a
political discussion. I am speaking for the
interests, the material interestsof the freedmen
anil the loyal men of the South. I put the
rebels out of the account. I say there is no hope
for the growth of cotton and grains down South
on the part ot the loyal men there unless we
furnish tliein with the magnificent facilities for
transportation to market afforded by these very
lines of railroad. It is, therefore, a ruinous
policy to strip these railroads at this time. The
interest of the country demands their speedy
completion.
Mr. CHAXLER. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Thimble.]
Mr. \\ ASHBURXE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me for one moment.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. 1 yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. \V ASHBURXE. of Illinois. I desire
to say one word, as the gentleman from Maine
has alluded to me. I am in favor of the ori-
ginal bill as reported, and I am in favor, to be
consistent, with the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Maine.
But the reason why I desire the floor partic-
ularly now is to call the attention of the House
and the country to the bill passed through hero
the other day in regard to the Iowa railroad
grant. The gentleman who advocated the pas-
sage of that bill stated here in the face of the
House that it was not for the benefit of the
Dubuque and Sioux City Railroad Company.
Yet the very next day after that bill had
passed we received a message from the Gov-
ernor of Iowa arraigning that railroad to which
we had given some six hundred thousand acres
of laud tor its bad faith. He has addressed a
message to the Legislature requesting them to
withdraw from the Dubuque and Sioux city
railroad the grant which was originally made
to it.
Mr. ALLISON. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky yield to me?
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I cannot. I
desired, a few moments ago, to propound to
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] a
question in regard to the effect of this bill.
Presuming that he knows the amount of land
to be taken from these railroads in the various
States named, I desire to know from him the ;
number of roads, their length, and the amount
of land to be forfeited; and further, whether j
or not the lands granted to the Mobile and i
Ohio, the New Orleans and Jackson, the Great
Northern, and the Mississippi Central railroads,
which have their termini in the State of Ken-
tucky, are included?
Mr. JULIAN. I understand that this bill
does not forfeit any of the lands affecting the
roads the gentleman has named.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. It does not?
Mr. JULIAN. It does not, as I understand
the bill. I have, however, furnished the House,
as the gentleman will find in the Globe of Jan-
uary 23, I think, a detailed statement made
by the Land Office of the roads concerned and
the amount of land granted to each.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. There are so
many documents presented to us that I am un-
able to read them all. If the gentleman can
tell me just what roads are included 
Mr. J ULI AN. I cannot specify all the roads
affected by the bill, but I can furnish an official
statement of the aggregate amount of land
granted. It is neatly five million acres.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I hope, then, ■
as the gentleman states, that the bill does not :
apply to the roads I have named, he will not
object to an amendment excepting those roads j
specifically from the operation of the provisions j
of the bill. I
Mr. JULIAN. I have agreed that three '!
amendments may be offered ; I am not willing
to allow any more.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I think this
character of legislation should be calmly con-
sidered by every member of the House.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman vote for
the bill if the exceptions he names are made ?
Mr. TK1MBLE, of Kentucky. No, sir; but
I desire especially that these roads, which affect
the welfare of the entire western country con-
nected with the South, should be exempt from
the provisions of this forfeiture. I desire it <
not so much on account of the stockholders of
those roads, for I assert without fear of suc-
cessful contradiction that although the people
of the South are interested in the vast railroad
enterprises of that section so far as the benefit
they derive from the roads running through the
country and facilitating communication, yet
nine tenths of the real interest in the roads
running from this city to the Gulf of Mexico
and the Rio Grande are owned east of this
city. I mean by that that nine tenths of the
bonded debt upon the southern roads are owned
by eastern and foreign capitalists. The interest
that the people of the South have in these
roads is in the stock that is to-day worthless by
reason of these mortgage liens upon them held
by people in the North. Now, so far as legis-
lating for or against a particular class or par-
ticular party is concerned, it seems to me upon
an occasion like this we should legislate for the J
interest of the entire country. And if the |
object sought by the forfeiture of these lands
is to affect these poor unfortunate people of the i
South who have no representation here to day,
I assure the gentleman that he will be sadly
disappointed; he will strike his own friends in
Boston, New York, and elsewhere. If the
provisions of this bill are carried into effect
the result will be to embarrass and cripple these
railroads, and to that extent more directly to
affect these northern capitalists.
In a question of this kind the entire country
is interested. The North and South and the
East and West are equally interested, and the
same rule that is applied to the roads in the
South should be applied to the North and
West. The object ot these grants by the Gov-
ernment of the United States was not so much
to benefit any particular section as to develop
the resources of the country by building rail-
roads and increasing the aggregate wealth of
the entire country. Maine is interested in
every one of these roads. You have a com-
mittee upon this question of southern railroads,
who have not yet reported to this House the
results of their deliberations. We know not
yet what their report will be, and I appeal to
gentlemen here to-day, before they pass this
bill that will affect so vitally every railroad inter-
est throughout the entire southern country, to
pause and reflect upon its provisions, especially
as the honorable gentleman who reported the
bill cannot tell us from his seat what roads will
be affected specifically by its provisions.
I now yield to the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a word or two in reference to a railroad
bill which was passed by this House a few
days ago, when I was absent from my seat, and
which was alluded to just now by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburne.] With
reference to that railroad, I will say to the hon-
orable member that he is entirely mistaken as
to the facts in every respect. As I understand
the bill which passed the House, the extension
is given to the State of Iowa and not to any
company ; and in addition to that I will say
that an amicable adjustment has already been
entered into between the parties who have
built and those who desire to extend that rail-
road from its present western terminus to the
Missouri river, provided the land grant could
be extended as it has been by the action of
this House: and I can only say that had I
been in my seat I should have supported and
voted for that bill.
It is true that the retiring Governor of the
State of Iowa has found some fault with the
Dubuque and Sioux City Company because
they have not extended the road as rapidly as
they should have extended it; but the State
of Iowa will take care that the lands granted
shall be faithfully applied for the purpose of
building a railroad in the State of Iowa in ac-
cordance with the original grant, and the Gov-
ernor only recommended resumption on the
part of the State in order that the grant may
be extended under such restrictions as will
insure the early completion of the road ; and
the policy of our State government in Iowa is
to encourage the extension of its railroads, as
one of the means of securing the speedy de-
velopment of its material resources.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a few words
while I have the floor with reference to this
bill. Unless I have more information than I
possess at present upon this subject I shall cast
my vote in such a way as will secure better
knowledge on the subject and a report in de-
tail of the present condition of these grants
and the rights of persons with reference to
them. The chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands has not been able, so far as I
have as yet seen, to answer the question pro-
pounded by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Trimble] as to what roads the grants
which it is proposed to forfeit apply.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, in my opening
remarks here a week ago I gave to the House
a detailed statement of the grants to the States
of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Flor-
ida, in the aggregate amounting to above five
million acres. I gave to the House a partic-
ular statement of the different roads and the
amount granted to each ; and in the Globe of
the 28d of this month, which I have not by me
at this moment, the gentleman will find that
full statement.
Mr. ALLISON. What I desire to know
with reference to this subject is how far these
railroad companies have complied with the
conditions of the land grants and what portion
of the roads have been built under the land
grants. Is that information contained in the
Globe?
Mr. JULIAN. The statement to which I
refer in the Globe will only give the informa-
tion the gentleman calls for in part. I will
state, however, that in respect to the Alabama
and Tennessee River railroad and the Nash-
ville and Decatur railroad a very considerable
amount of work has been done upon them in
good faith and is now being rapidly executed.
And on account of that fact 1 have allowed
amendments to be offered so that the House
may except them, if it sees fit, from the gen-
eral operation of this bill. As to the remain-
ing roads little or nothing has been done
showing diligence or loyalty on the part of the
States or the corporations. The precise extent
of roads completed on the two routes in Ala-
bama I am not able to say, and it is wholly
immaterial in this discussion. Eighty miles
have been completed on the New Orleans and
Opelousas road.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man another question.
Mr. TRIMBLE, ofKentucky. Allow me to
say that a great many of the roads are already
completed and in running order from one ter-
minus to the other, in accordance with the
grants; but there are some instances -where
the title to the lands has not passed from the
Government of the United States.
Mr. JULIAN. The roads covered by this
bill are none of them completed, and several
of them not even begun.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. The Mobile
and Ohio railroad is completed from the Ohio
river to Mobile.
Mr. ALLISON. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands if this bill
applies at all to those railroads that have been
completed in these southern States ? If it docs
I certainly shall not vote for it.
Mr. JULIAN. The bill does not apply to
those roads. Several of the roads to which
it does apply are paper railroads that the
