812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
rebels never meant to build when they got the
grunt.
Mr. ALLISON. I now desire to ask the
chairman ot' the Committee on Public Lands
[Mr. Julian] why it is that the State ot' Ark-
ansas, which is also a rebel State, has not
been included within the provisions of this
bill?
Mr. JULIAN. Because no laud has been
certified to the State of Arkansas under the
acts ot' Congress of 1850.
Mr. ALLISON. Then why was an act
passed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, approved
J uly 28, 1800, which came from the Committee
on Public Lands, giving an additional graut
of laud to the State of Arkansas for railroad
purposes ?
Mr. J ULIAN. That is not, as I understand
it, one of the grants included in and covered
by the bill I have reported to this House.
Mr. ALLISON, Reported at this time?
Mr. JULIAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. ALLISON. So I understand, and I
want to know why the Memphis and Little
Rock railroad—as I learn from the report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
which I now hold in my hand—received under
the provisions of the act of July 28, I860, an
additional grant of three hundred and sixty-
five thousand acres of land? I want to know
why an exception is made in favor of the rail-
road running from Memphis to Little Rock,
the president of which I understand is a rebel
general, while these other railroads have taken
from thetn the lands which have already been
certified to them by the Commissioner of the
General L&nd Office?
Mr. J U LI AN. The gentleman is discussing
a railroad which is not at all involved in this
bill, which rests upon peculiar merits presented
to the last Congress, the gentleman himself
participating in the debate upon it. That
question is wholly irrelevant to this bill. That
was the case of a grant of land and did not in-
volve the question of forfeiture at all.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Julian] to base his
support of this bill upon the idea that the
States therein named were in rebellion, and
by that rebellion had forfeited all their rights
under these land grants. If that be the rea-
son, then I should like to know why the pro-
visions of this bill are not made to apply to all
the rebel States as well as to only four of
them ?
Mr. JULIAN. This bill applies to all the
lands which, according to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, have been certi-
fied to any of these States, and which have
beeu forfeited. No lands granted to Arkansas
have been forfeited.
Mr. ALLISON. I agree with my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] that if we are
to declare these land grants forfeited because
of non-compliance with the terms of the grant,
then we should not select a few of the railroads
and make examples of them, but we should
make a sweeping provision applicable to all
railroads that have failed to carry out the pro-
visions of the several acts granting lands for
railroad purposes.
But I differ with that gentleman, as I do to
some extent with the gentleman from Indiana.
[Mr. Julian,] as to the object of these land
grants. These grants are not made primarily
tor the benefit of railroad corporations; at least
I do not vote for them merely because they tend
to build up railroads; but because they are
necessary and essential to the development of
thi: land States of this Union and tend to en-
courage the rapid growth of such States, and
because there is no money, either-directly or
indirectly taken out of the public Treasury by
voting away these lands; the alternate sections
being reserved at double the minimum price.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
money taken from the settlers, though.
Mr. ALLISON. Not so; because they have
the opportunity of entering the reserved alter-
natesections for homesteads. And inreference
to that question I desire to call the attention of
I the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] to
! one feature of this bill.
[Here the hammer foil.]
The SPMYKEH. The hour of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Chaxi.eh] has ex-
pired.
Mr. McCLURG obtained the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 desire but a few momenta
longer.
Mr. McCLURG. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. ALLISON. These alternate sections
are subject to entry at double the minimum
price; that is, at §12 60 per acre. And it may
be that a large portion of these very lands in
the southern States have been entered by set-
tlers upon the idea that the other sections would
be used and appropriated for the purpose of
building railroads there. Is it good faith to
those settlers to prevent the building of these
railroads by declaring the grants of land for-
feited ; or does not good faith require that we
should at least giveau opportunity to these cor-
porations to build those roads, by allowing them
a reasonable time for that purpose, unless they
have forfeited their claim upon Congress by
gross negligence or by flagrant acts of rebellion
against the Government?
Mr. JULIAN. This bill only provides that
all lands granted to those States, which have
not been lawfully disposed of, shall be forfeited
to the United States.
i Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman inisappre-
| hends my question. These alternate sections
i the General Government permits to be entered
at $2 50 per acre. Now, it may be that set-
tlers have entered upon those lands on the faith
that these railroads would be extended to those
settlements. By taking away these lands we
may prevent the building of the roads and
thereby deprive the settlers of the advantage
which they expected to acquire when they paid
their $2 50 per acre for the lands occupied by
them.
Mr. J U LI AN. I will answer the gentleman.
I know of no such purchases of the reserved
sections; but I know that numerous letters have
been written to me by those who have settled in
good faith on these lands, and who now ask
that the grant to these corporations shall be
forfeited and that they shall be allowed to pre-
empt the homesteads on which they have settled,
i Mr. ALLISON. Now, Mr. Speaker, it may
; be that this bill should pass; but I can see no
:| objection to deferring the measure for a little
} time until the people in the States to be affected
by it can have an opportunity to be heard upon
i this floor on the subject. Certainly no harm
can result from postponing action of this kind
for a short time.
The gentleman from Indiana has expressed
, his desi re to open up these lands for homesteads.
' Now, if I ana correctly informed, there are at
the present time in these four southern States
nearly forty million acres of public lands open
, to homestead settlement; and, notwithstand-
! ing the act of July, 1806, but a very few
thousand acres have been taken there as home-
steads during the last year and a half.
| Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman will allow me
to correct him. There are, it is true, in the
I live land States of the South, more than forty
1 million acres of public lands; but as I have here-
i tofore stated, the greater proportion of those
| lands is worthless for tillage ; and hence the
necessity for opening up the fertile lands lying
along the lines of these roads. There is, I
know, a very great demand for tlieni.
Mr. ALLISON. A large portion of these
lands, and, indeed, as I atn informed, the
larger portion of them, consists of timber
lands, which would be utterly worthless for
farming purposes, and which will not be
opened up for many years to come by settlers,
because of the difficulty in making improve-
ments.
No man on this floor will go further in a
proper way to secure homesteads to the honest
loyalists of the South than I will, and if that
would be the effect of this bill, I think even
the railroad companies should not object, as
one honest, industrious farmer on each eighty
acre tract is of more value to the railroads in
the way of securing business and traffic than
the absolute ownership of these lands could
be, if left for any considerable time without
cultivation. 1 only ask deliberation and cau-
tion with reference to this subject in the in-
terest of all those who may be affected by it.
Lender our advancing civilization railroads
are essential to the rapid growth of any coun-
try, and all the people are deeply interested in
encouraging their extension especially when
such extensions do not involve in any way ap-
propriations from the public Treasury.
Mr. JULIAN. Millions of acres of fertile
lands in the valleys are tied up in the hands of
these corporations.
Mr. McCLURG. I now yield to my col-
league, [Mr. Pile,] who desires to propound
a question to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Julian.]
Mr. PILE. The question which I desire to
have answered by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands [Mr. Julian] is this:
where a grant has been made to a railroad
company under an act of Congress, and that
company has finished a part of the road in
accordance with the provisions of the law, and
has received for the part finished the propor-
tionate number of acres of land, part of which
land remains unsold by the company, the pat-
ents consequently not being made out and
certified, will this bill forfeit such unsold lands
which have been received by the company for
portions of the road built in accordance with
the law?
Mr. JULIAN. I suppose that in such a
case the land would be forfeited, but I suppose
also that when these States shall ask for a revival
or renewal of these grants such a case would
furnish an admirable equity in behalf of the
application. So far, however, as our present
legislation is concerned, the act of 1856 settles
all these questions. It provides that on the
completion of every twenty miles of road one
hundred and twenty sections of the land, I
believe, shall become the property of the rail-
road company. If, under the provisions of the
law, those lands have been disposed of, this
bill of course will not operate to the detriment
of the purchasers.
Mr. McCLURG. T now yield to the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Dkiggs,] who de-
sires to have read for information an amend-
ment which he would like to offer.
Mr. DR1GGS. I am obliged to the gentle-
man; but I find there is no necessity for the
amendment which I had intended to propose.
Mr. McCLURG. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin to ask a question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand the gen-
tleman from Indiana to assert this forfeiture is
intended to cover lands which possibly may
have been disposed of by the several States to
which they were originally granted. I under-
stand him further to assert, under certain cir-
cumstances, or in a certain contingency, he
himself will report or advise the renewal of
these grants to the States. I understand his
principal reason for urging the passage of this
bill at this time to be to open up these lands to
settlement by the freedmen. I ask the gentle-
man, if he means to be candid and fair with
this House, if he means to be sincere, whether
it will be possible, if we now declare these
lands forfeited and open to preemption and
sale, and there are such equities as he refers
to, or the contingency shall happen to which
he refers, whether it will be possible to renew
to those States these grants of lands ? It seems
to me it will not. When we declare the lands
forfeited and open to preemption, and pre-
emption rights accrue upon them, it will be
impossible for us to do what is equitable and
just in case we shall renew these grants to
these railroads.
Mr. JULIAN. I have said that when these
States shall come back into the Union, as they
will do in a few weeks, I will be in favor, under
proper restrictions and limitations, of renewing
and reviving these grants as we have done in
