814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
and Western road, which, in July last, was
referred to by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Woon,1 probably the greater part of the
stock was owned North, but the history of the
rebellion and the evidence before the Railroad
Committee do not show that northern men
were necessarily loyal: far from it'. There
wove many in the North disloyal. The Com-
mittee on Southern Railroads examined many
railroad men, presidents and others, of Vir-
ginia. South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi,
and Tennessee, and their testimony is conclu-
sive that there was little or no loyalty among
them, and that the officers voluntarily used the
roads in aid of the rebellion.
The cases of loyalty will be shown to be very
few. so few that it will not be difficult to give
relief in such cases by special legislation.
I now desire to present a little testimony
upon this point, especially as my colleague
upon the committee from New York [Mr.
Chaxi.er] has commented upon the testimony
found on two or three pages of the report of
the Committee on Southern Railroads. And
let me say, what I would say to the gentleman
himself if he were in his seat, that he is too
good a lawyer not to know that he should not
take isolated portions of testimony and present
them to this House. He read the following
answer of one of the witnesses, the president
of two railroads running from Richmond:
"I hail no connection with railroads until since the
war. From my own observation and from knowl-
edge derived trom all other sources, the southern
railroads were operated by the companies owning
thero, they heinu more or loss controlled by the con-
federate authorities. I mean to say by that that
they exercised the control of military supremacy.
AVhenevcr they wanted them of course they used
them. It was very often a duress—a violence almost.
When they needed the railroads they had the use of
them, as tar as my observation went."
He quoted that language of the witness to
show that the use of these roads for the con-
federate government was compulsory. If he
had turned to page 4 of the same report he
would have found the same witness testifying
as follows:
" I do not intend to say that the use of them was
compulsory, except the extent of the use to which
they were sometimes put. I do not mean to say that
the use of these roads was withheld: on the contrary,
I would say they were given freely for the purposes
required."
Now, I will invite the attention of the House
to a few other extracts from the testimony con-
tained in that report. On page 9 the superin-
tendent of the \ irginia Central railroad testi-
fies as follows:
" Question. Do yon know any stockholders in your
road during the rebellion who were called loyal to
the United States Government?
"Awncer. I know several.
"(Question, You say several. Do you mean many
or few ?
"Answer. I should suppose there were very few
compared with the large man of stockholders."
On page 12 the president of the Virginia
Central railroad testifies:
" Question. Have you an extensive acquaintance
with railroad men in Virginia and in the adjoining ,
States? _ ,
"Answer. I have a general acquaintance with rail- '
road men in Virginia. Out of the State my acquaint-
ance is rather limited.
" Question. Are you acquainted with any leading
railroad men—presidents and other officers—who
were called during the rebellion loyal to the United
States Government?
"Answer. I do not think I do."
On page 15 (gentlemen will notice that I take
these extracts almost at random) the treasurer
of the Richmond and York river railroad teti-
fies:
" Question. Do you know any stockholders in that
road who were called loyal to the United States
Government during the rebellion ?
"Ansicer. I really do not think I do. Iamnotvery
familiar with the stockholders of the company. A
very few of them live in Richmond, and none of
these, I think, would be so considered."
On page 18, the superintendent of the Rich-
mond, Fredericksburg, and Potomac railroad
testifies :
" Question. Have you known or been informed of
any iirotcstorrcmonstranoe on the part of thenorth-
ern stockholders against the use of the road in aid
of the rebellion?
" Answer. None that I am aware of.
"Question. Have you an extensive acquaintance
I with railroad men—presidents or other officers of
1 railroads of this St&te or ia adjoining States ?
"Answer. I have.
" Question. Do youknow anv who wore during the
rebellion called loyal to the United States Govern-
ment?
"Amierr. I know nothing positively. Ionly know
from what I have heard."
On page 21, the President of the Richmond
and Petersburg railroad testifies :
"Question. Ilavo you an acquaintance with other
railroad men in Virginia and the adjoining States?
" Anmcer. I know a great many of them.
" Question. Do you know of any who during the
rebellion were called loyal to the United States Gov-
ernment?
" Anmixr. I do not. I have no particular informa-
tion in regard to their political opinions. It is one
of tliose matters thatdo not come up among railroad
men, who are all men of business."
On page 22, the treasurer of the Richmond,
Fredericksburg, and Potomac railroad testi-
fies :
"Question. Havo you an extended acquaintance
with railroad officers in your own and other States?
"i# iwr. I know nearly all in Virginia and some
in other States.
"Question. Do you know any officers of roads who
were regarded as loyal to the United States Govern-
ment during the rebellion?
"Answer. I do not."
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. McCLURG. Certainly.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I desire to
inquire of the gentleman if the Committee on
Southern Railroads have investigated or in-
} quired into the political status of all the offi-
I eers of all the railroads in the South affected
| by this bill, and whether they have found that
1 all the officers of all the roads were disloyal ?
Mr. McCLURG. I stated at the commence-
ment of my remarks that the committee that
had had referred to them the subject of these
southern railroads were not prepared to report
finally upon this subject. But I say that so far
as testimony has been taken—and it applies to
almost every ofle of these States, but not
directly in connection with land grants—the
testimony is conclusive that there was no loy-
alty there.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. If there has
not been testimony enough to enable the com-
mittee to report finally upon this subject, then
I ask the gentleman why report this bill?
Mr. McCLURG. There is sufficient to sat-
isfy me; but at the same time I would say the
committee were not prepared to report a bill.
But a bill having been reported by another
committee, we must take a stand either for or
against it. And there is sufficient evidence to
satisfy me that the bill should pass. j
I will read a little further, and then leave i
this subject so far as I am concerned. On page
29 the superintendent of the Charleston and
Savannah railroad, residing in Charleston,
South Carolina, testifies:
"I do not know that I knew any railroad officer
during the rebellion who was loyal to the United
States Government."
On page 34 the president of the South Caro-
lina railroad, residing at Charleston, South
Carolina, also testified as follows:
" Question. Can you name any railroad officers who
were called loyal to the United States Government
during the rebellion?
" Anstcer. I do not. I do not know a railroad
president who was not doing precisely what I did."
Then he goes on to state that they were
engaged in the transportation of troops and
supplies and munitions of war.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Did he not
also say that it was involuntary?
Mr. McCLURG. The testimony is clear
throughout this whole volume, with one or two
exceptions, that this service was rendered vol-
untarily. There is probably one or two to which
I may refer. I will not attempt to enumerate
them all, but I will say that this testimony does
not disclose the names of twenty in those States
who were loyal to the United States Govern-
ment during the rebellion. There were a few
exceptions. I believe not more than ten. Per-
haps they may run up to twenty.
On page 40 the president of the Georgia Cen-
tral railroad testified as follows:
" Anncer. I take it for granted that those in tho
North were loyal to the United States Government.
Those in the South, I presume, were as the southern
pcoplo generally were."
Meaning, of course, they were engaged iu the
rebellion.
On page 44 the Secretary and Treasurer of
the Atlantic and Gulf railroad testified " There
was nothing compulsory." "I do not know
any railroad officers who were loyal to the
United States Government during the rebel-
lion."
Mr. Speaker, from that volume of testimony
taken by the committee in the several south-
ern States, covering one hundred and thirty
pages, I can read the same character of testi-
mony which I have just read, page after page,
but 1 will not weary the House with it. It is
the same on every page where the subject of
loyalty is spoken of. I say, therefore, the evi-
dence is clear of general disloyalty. There is
no conflict of testimony. 1 will say, further,
that this fact was understood. When these rail-
road men testified to the general disloyalty of
railroad men in the South during the rebellion
they always included themselves.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Let me ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. McCLURG. Not now. .1 will first
answer the question of the gentleman from
Indiana; that is, with regard to the railroad iu
reference to which we have heard so much tes-
timony. Mr. Sloss, the president of the Nash-
ville and Uecatur railroad, was a loyal man.
He was instrumental in withholding that road
as long as he could from the rebels, and it was
finally taken by force. I wish to read what he
says in regard to the loyalty of the stockhold-
ers of that road. It is as follows :
" Question. Do you considor tho services rendered
by the road during the lobellion to tlio confederate
government were compulsory or voluntary ?
" Anstcer. I should regard it as voluntary. It
was just something ot this: it'we did not do it they
would force us to do it, and wepreterrcd to keep it as
much as possible in our own hands. When the Uni-
ted States military occupied this country we had a
consultation with General liuell, and lie wanted us
to run the road. We had not the rolling stock to do
so, and he concluded it was bc-t for the Government
to take the road and run it. We had no means of
running the road, and we mado them a tender of it
and they accepted it.
" Question. What officers of your road, if any, were
loyal to the United States Government at the out-
break of tho rebellion, and until the road was taken
possession of by the United States Government ?
" Answer. Speaking of the directors and officers, I
know of only one man that was a secessionist. After
the State of Alabaniawent out they acquiesced, as far
as I know. You will remember that North Alabama
was very largely opposed to secession.
" Question. Can you name any of the stockholders
of your road who were loyal to the United States Gov-
ernment at the beginning of andduringtho rebellion?
"Answer. I consider them all loyal at tho begin-
ning. All that country was opposed to secession:
but afterwards they all acquiesced in tho action of the
State."
The same gentleman gave us that testimony,
a portion of whose testimony was the letter
read to the House a few minutes ago. I will
say fer him that he was loyal; that they had
to take the stock of his railroad by force ; but
he himself declares that the stockholders were
disloyal.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to call the gen-
tleman's attention to a fact I supposed con-
ceded on all hands, that the policy of granting
lands for railroad purposes was to develop the
country, and for the benefit of the people at
large, and not for the sole benefit of particular
localities. The gentleman seems to place his
advocacy of this bill on the single fact that the
managers were at some time during the rebel-
lion disloyal to the Government. Now, it
seems to me, since this war has ended and
pacification is so desirable, it would be better
to continue the policy upon which the United
States granted these lands to the States for
railroad purposes, and thus continue to develop
the resources of the country in every section
for the general good.
Mr. McCLURG. I understand the gentle-
man. I have anticipated it, and will presently
reply to it. I will say now that when the
report of the Committee on Southern Rail-
roads is made it, will be found that question is
fully discussed.
