1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
817
on closer examination that it excepts particu-
lar classes. I am, therefore, entirely satisfied
wiih the amendment.
lhe amendment was agreed to.
Mr. 1IOH AKD. i do uot understand the
necessity of selling these iron-clads, and I
should be very much obliged to the honorable
chairman of the committee if he would explain
more fully the necessity, if there be any, for
making sale of these vessels which are so
necessary to our naval defense. It seems,
according to his statement, that the Govern-
ment at present owns fifty-four iron-clads, and
proposes to sell thirty-five of them. I should
like to know what necessity there is for mak-
ing this disposition of the Navy of the United
States. As at present advised I do not see it.
Mr. GRIMES. The principal reason is that
which I stated when on the floor before—that
these vessels are deteriorating quite rapidly, and
that the expense of keeping and preserving
them is very great. Asl said before, they are
scattered over the United States—some at Sew
Orleans, a good many at Mound City, some at
League Island, aud some at other points on the
Atlantic coast. We lost twenty-five men last
summer from yellow fever among those who
guarded the iron-clads at New Orleans. I am
not inclined to say anything in regard to the
quality of the vessels that we propose to au-
thorize the sale of, because I do not want to be
accused (as I might, perhaps, if I praised them
too much) of having made ialse representations
after they shall have been sold, and I do not
think it would be wise for me to undertake to
depreciate them, inasmuch as we are going
into the roarketfor the purpose of selling them.
On the whole, as my friend from Vermont [Mr.
Edmunds] suggests to rae, they are very re-
spectable vessels, but vessel# which, on account
«f the condition of the public Treasury, we are
anxious to part with on as good terms as pos-
sible.
Mr. COXKLING. I should be glad to ob-
tain a little information, if I can, from the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I should like to know what is the par-
ticular merit attributed to this mode of dispos-
ing of vessels. I observe there is to be no com-
petitive sale in any way; no proposals are to be
received ; no auction in form or in effect is to
be held ; but they are to be sold upon the ap-
praisal of five officers. And, if I understand the
resolution, there is no guard in this respect:
there is no option reserved to the Government
to fix a minimum sum, and then allow Gov-
ernments or agents of Governments who want
these vessels to propose beyond that. In other
words, as I understand, the absolute discretion
is committed to the Secretary of the Navy to
sell any or all of these vessels at such time as
he determines, and then the price depends solely
upon an appraisal to be made by five officers;
and if some Government or the agent of some
Government should stand ready to bid ortogive
a much larger price there is no mode of ascer-
taining it, but the lucky man, whoever he may
be, takes it at the appraisal which is fixed. I !
presume there is some reason for that, but I
should like, before the vote is taken, to hear an
explanation from the honorable chairman of
the committee on that point.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe experience has
demonstrated that even when you undertake
to sell such things as muskets or quartermas-
ters' stores at auction, as there are but few
purchasers who desire such articles, a " ring "
is immediately formed by which certain per-
sons control the sale and obtain the articles
sold at just what they choose. If that is the
case in regard to articles of that kind, how
much more would it be the case when you un-
dertake to sell vessels of this description 1 I
suppose there are not a great many purchasers
of iron-clads, and it is doubtful whether we
shall be able to sell them ; but, inasmuch as
they were costing a great deal on our hands
and we wanted to get rid of that expense, and
they were certainly not improving in their
quality by being retained by us, the committee |
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 52.
of the House and of the Senate conourred in
the opinion that they had better be sold.
Mr. CONKLING. But, if the honorable
Senator will allow me, I do not yet see pre-
cisely the answer to my suggestion. Suppose
the resolution were to provide that the Secre-
tary of the Navy, in the manner proposed, if
you please, shall proceed to determine the ap-
praised value of these vessels, and then shall
proceed further to invite proposals or bids,
surely in that case there could be no fear of
what the Senator denominates as "rings"—
men agreeing not to bid against each other—but
two safeguards would be obtained: first, there
would be an appraisal of the vessel, fixing the
price below which it should not be sold ; and,
second, there would be the opportunity to see
whether agents of foreign Governments, (be-
cause I suppose the purchasers will be confined
mainly to foreign Governments,) speaking each
for his own authority, were prepared to give
more than that. It does not occur to me that
the suggestion of the Senator militates at all
with that view of the case. Therefore I should
prefer, for one, if these vessels are to be sold,
, to retain a provision that there shall be a mode
of fixing their value in the estimation of our
Government or the agents or appraisers of our
Government, and that then if beyond that price
one Government is prepared to give more than
I another we should have some way of ascer-
I taining the fact.
| Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator under-
i stand that they are not to be appraised by dig-
interested parties before they are sold ?
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that they
are, at such time as the Secretary shall deter-
mine, to be appraised by five officers, selected
by him, I suppose, and that then the purchase
i3 to take place upon the basis of that ap-
praisal. My point is, that after that appraisal
has been had, or some other mode taken of
ascertaining the value of the vessel, I see no
reason why proposals should not be invited or
bids invited, to the end that if any Government
chooses to give more than that we should profit
by the advance.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the honorable Sena-
tor from New York offer an amendment, in
accordance with his views, establishing a min-
imum?
Mr. CONKLING. I would be very happy
to do it if I had the opportunity. If the Sec-
retary will send me the resolution, which I
have not before me, I will endeavor to suggest
such an amendment. 1 will suggest a very
hasty form of arriving at this, which the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa, no doubt, can read-
ily improve, as he is much more familiar with
the subject. After the word "sold," in line
eleven, I move to insert:
Provided, That after such appraisal public notice
shall be given that proposals will be received for
thirty days for the purchase of said vessels, and that
the highest price so proposed shall be accepted
therefor.
Mr. CORBETT. " Above the appraisal."
Mr. CONKLING. That should be so. I
will modify it to read "the highest price so
! proposed, not less than the appraisal, shall be
' accepted therefor." I suggest, if the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs should
think well of the amendment, that the resolu-
tion had better be passed over informally until
it can be put in more certain form.
The P R ES11)E NT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from New York, to insert the following
proviso:
Provided, That after such appraisal public notice
•hall be given that proposals will bo received for
thirty days for the purchase of said vessels, and that
the highest price so proposed, not less than the ap-
praisal, shall be accepted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to the
amendment as I understand it. It does not
preclude, as I take it, the Secretary of the
Navy from selling them at some future time if
he does not get any response at the end of
thirty days.
Mr. CONKLING. It is not intended to do
so ; but I suggested to the honorable Senator
that it might be well to pass over this resolu-
tion until we could have a moment to put it in
proper form. It was not the intention of my
amendment to do what he suggests ; and I am
inclined to think it does not; but, as it was pre-
pared on the spur of the moment, without
reflection, I am not ready to say what its effect
may be.
Mr. GRIMES. Let it be read again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied with it.
Mr. CONKLING. I take it the original
resolution did not design to clothe the Secre-
tary with the power to sell for less than the
appraisal.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the question which
the Senator puts becomes, I submit to him,
rather immaterial, because iif persons are ready
to buy at the appraisal, of course they will
put their willingness to buy in the form of a
proposal or bid ; so that I do not see that any
difficulty can arise in that way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is already agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend ver-
bally by inserting the word '' further " after the
word "provided," where it occurs a second
time. That at least should be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That
amendment will be made.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the joint resolution to be read a
third time; it was read the third time, and
passed.
SUSPENSION OF SECRETARY STANTON.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish the Senate would
dispose of the resolution that was under dis-
cussion when the morning hour expired yester-
day—the resolution to print the report of the
majority and the views of the minority of the
Committee on Military Affairs upon the Stan-
ton case. I should like to have the decision
of the Senate upon it one way or the other. I
move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the reports
of the majority and minority of the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia in regard to the
suspension of Hon. Edwin M. Stanton from the office
of Secretary of War be printed for the use of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I desire to inquire what
has become of my amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chaii
thought the amendment was out of order.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I believe I shall not
appeal from the decision of the Chair, although
I do not concur in that opinion. It is scarcely
worth while to make a contest about it. I will
let it go.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing whether
he has made any estimates of the cost of this
additional printing?
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe the cost is min-
uted on the resolution. I think it is from sixty-
five to seventy dollars.
Mr. WILLEY. Sixty-five or seventy thou-
sand dollars ?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir, sixty-five or
seventy dollars for the whole work.
Mr. WILLEY. Well, sir, the cost is so
inconsiderable that I shall make no objection
since the committee has reported the propo-
sition favorably; but I think it is time that
Congress should pause in its expenditures for
what, after all, is, in my opinion, unnecessary
printing. Take this case, for instance. There
is not a public man capable of forming pub-
lic sentiment or appreciating the questions
