822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
How ought their voices to be pronounced in the
Senate, not upon this measure only, but upon
all measures which come before usAccord-
ing to a principle of numbers, according to a rule
of equality based upon numbers, the majority
in this Chamber ought to have twenty-eight
members and the minority twenty-six; that is,
upon this aud upon all other political questions
which are votea upon here, if the voice of the
people were represented exactly as it has been
spoken in the latest and most authentic form,
the vote ought to be twenty-six to twenty-
eight ; and that allows the majority the advan-
tage of a member upon a fraction of only three
fourths of a ratio.
Is that not so ? But I need not answer the
question. Every one knows that the fact should
be so. The actual constitution of this body
nt present is this: it is composed of fifty-three
members, there being a vacancy in the rep-
resentation of the State of Maryland ; and of
those fifty-three members forty-three belong to
the political majority, and ten only to the mi-
nority, the latter being composed of a member
from the State of Connecticut, one from Penn-
sylvania, two from Delaware, one from Mary-
land, two from Kentucky, one from Indiana,
one from Wisconsin, and one from Minnesota.
That is, all the members who are classed cither
as Democrats t>r Conservatives, combined to-
gether, count but ten, while the majority party
counts forty-three, or more than four to one.
Such, sir, is the political composition of the
Senate of the United States at a time when
the people of the United States, whose voicfe
ought to be pronounced here, are about equally
divided, as the returns of the elections show.
The majority have, therefore, an unjust power
if it be measured by a principle of equality,
based upon numbers, amounting to fifteen
voices in this body, the difference between
twenty-eight and forty-three, and as that fif-
teen is taken from one side and added to the
other, the result is in effect an unjust voice
and vote on political questions in the Senate
amounting to thirty. Thus, it is almost im-
possible that any subject which shall approach
a party complexion in this body can be deter-
mined otherwise than in conformity with the
most radical and extreme opinions which may
Srevail among the majority members: for we
now how a political party acts, or rather, how
it is directed. It is controlled almost uni-
formly by the most violent, by the most ardent
members among those who compose it. They
are triumphant in caucus—in the private con-
sultations where the action of the party is de-
termined upon. In debate they apply the lash
to their more moderate colleagues, and drag
them forward to support the most extreme ana
Radical measures which they may pro'pose.
When, therefore, a majority in this or any
other body of similar constitution is so large
hs four to one, you may take it for granted
that the extreme and violent men in the ma-
jority will rule the action of that majority in
the first instance, and in the next the action
of the representative body, and thus dictate
the legislative policy of the Government.
Such is the fact here, as we all know. Meas-
ures which were received with reluctance at
first are all, one after another, in the course
of time accepted and acted upon by the politi-
cal power which controls. Let us go back in
tnind to the beginning of the war, and trace
the political history of this body down to this
time, Mid is not that statement true? Does
not the'Senator from Massachusetts who has
Spoken in this debate [Mr. Wilson] utter the
truth when he says that the radical men, the
pioneers in agitation and in political action,
uniformly triumph sooner or later ? Of course
they must triumph, and they always will tri-
umph, under such an arrangement and organi-
zation of power«s that which I have described.
Well, sir, if yoti should leave the Senate
Chamber and pass to the other end of the
Capitol and investigate the composition of the i
House of Representatives, which ia a more
popular body in its constitution, where the I
principle of numbers was intended to prevail
more directly than in the Senate, you find the
same condition of things at this moment and
the same political history in recent years. You
find there that, whereas in the elections to
which I have referred you there was ftbout an
equal division of the vote in the country, that
House, like the Senate, stands about four too ne
as between political parties, and it has been
and is now controlled by extreme party men.
1 think this fact is a great evil. I do not
believe that free government can be carried on
in this country or in any other country upon
any such foundation permanently. I believe
that difficulty and disturbance will come in,
and that eventually there will be a crash, a
collapse of the system, a departure from it, an
abandonment of it, a substitution of something
else, a dictatorship, or some other form of evil
or misfortune. One thing nobody can question,
and that is that here, in point of fact, in the
Government of the United States, there is a
prodigious departure from republican princi-
ple, from the fundamental idea of republican
representative government, that the people
with whom is lodged the electoral power of the
country shall control the Government, shall
have a fair and equal voicc, and that legisla-
tion and the administration of the laws shall
be according to their will and subservient to
their interests.
Mr. President, if there had been a represent-
ation of the people of the United States—I
mean the people in the adhering States, the
States that did not go into rebellion—if there
had been a representation of the people during
the war, and particularly since the war, in con-
formity to a rule of abstract justice and pro-
priety, according to true republican principle,
we should be in a far different and better con-
dition to-day than we are. Our debt would not
be half what it is; our country would not be
disunited at this moment; and we should not
have before us the future which now impends.
But, sir, we cannot change the past; we must
accept what has taken place as unalterable,
and our attention must be directed to the future.
It is directed to the future by this debate.
Before, however, I proceed to point out the
considerations connected with the future policy
of the Government in regard to representation
in the two Houses of Congress, it will be neces-
sary, or at least instructive, to point out the
causes of the present condition of representa-
tion in Congress such as I have described it.
Why is it that twenty-one hundred thousSnd
electors have forty-three voices in the Senate
and two million have ten? The first cause is
the undue representation of particular States
and sections. For instance, the six States east
of the Hudson have an aggregate population,
according to the census of 18C0, of 3,135,283,
with twelve members of the Senate, giving a
Senator to each 201,273 inhabitants. Taking
all the States of the Union represented in Con-
gress, you will find that it requires on an aver-
age a population of 444,972 for each Senator.
The result is that that particular section of the
Union which lies east of the Hudson has six
members of the Senate more than it would be
entitled to if there were a distribution to the
different sections of the country according to
numbers. I mention this without enlarging
upon it.
In the next place, one cause of this inequality
has been the legislation of Congress. La 1864
you, sir, [Mr. Wade,] introduced bills into the
Senate, which were enacted, providing for the
organization of new States in the West—for
the organization of Nevada, Nebraska, and
Colorado. That was about the time when the
late President, Mr. Lincoln, was reorganizing
States in the South, or taking steps for that
purpose. He was having proceedings carried
on with that object in Arkansas, in Louisiana,
and in one or two other of the southern States ;
and there can be no question that the rapid in-
troduction of new States in the West made,
from Territories there, was urged and sup-
ported here with reference to that policy of the
President and to countervail it. It was very
naturally thought, and very naturally said by
some, that it was necessary to strengthen the
free State interest in the West as against the
time when the South should be again repre-
sented—when she should again come into the
Union with her former political power, and be
in a condition to contend again for the mastery
of the political affairs of this Government.
However that may be, in 1804 there were
three bills passed, one for each of the Terri-
tories I have named, as they then existed ; and
it was provided in those bills that the proceed-
ing for organizing State governments snould be
carried on to the very end, and the constitu-
tions transmitted to the President of the United
States, and he should by proclamation declare
those Territories admitted as States without
any further action by Congress. That was a
very remarkable provision, something new in
our political history. Congress beforehand,
before the proceeding of organization was com-
plete, provided for their admission. It was not
required that the proceedings should be com-
pleted and the constitution laid before the two
Houses, and an act of admission then passed,
as had been the previous practice. The idea
was to introduce the new States west rapidly,
in order to secure political power in this Gov-
ernment as against the expected reintroduction
of Senators and Representatives from the
South. Well, sir, under the proceedings which
were instituted in accordance with those laws,
Nevada organized herself as a State, chose her
Senators and Representatives, and became a
State of the Union, the President issuing his
proclamation in pursuance of the law. This
scheme for hurrying in new States, however,
came to grief in Colorado, and failed for a time
also in Nebraska. But, subsequently, appli-
cation was made here for the admission of Col-
orado with an irregular constitution, which was
contested a long time. A majority of the Sen-
ate and of the House voted in favor of an ad-
mission bill; it did not, however, become a
law. At the next suasion a bill of admission
was again introduced, again passed, and met
an executive veto ; and then with great dif-
ficulty, indeed, was it possible to array one
third of the Senate against it and prevent its
enactment into a law. I recollect one scene
very distinctly. After the hour of midnight
we were sitting in this Chamber and the strug-
gle was going ou to know whether the vote,
could not be hurried before members were
present in their seats who were opposed to the .
bill, and the State admitted over the veto of
the President of the United States. The at-
tempt failed and the bill failed. Well, sir,
what do we hear now in the newspapers? It
was nearly two years ago that this question
arose with reference to the admission of Col-
orado ; and now what do we hear ? This twice-
rejected Territory is here, her so-oalled Sena-
tors are in the lobbies of the Senate and about
the Capitol, and the suggestion is thrown out
that we are to be called upon once more to
admit Colorado as a State, not under any new
proceeding in the Territory, but under the
old one, the former one. If this Senate were
organized in a different manner, if there were
a balance of power or a just arrangement
of power in this Government, such things
would'not bethought of; they would not be
mentioned even in newspapers, or if they were
they would be hooted at as calumnies upon a
republican Congress. Now they can be talked
about, and after the experience we have had
for three or four years of extraordinary meas-
ures who knows what may not take place, at
least what may not be attempted.
Nebraska came in last year. We had a con-
test with reference to her also. The bill of
admission was vetoed by the President, but
afterward passed under political pressure and
under nothing else, and the unfair majority in
this body was thus swollen two more in num-
ber.
By the admission of Nevada and of Nebraska
you account for four of the forty-three votes
