824
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
which it can bo regulated'? And yet this has
not been submitted in any State of the South ;
nor has it been submitted even to the people |
who are represented in this Government in the
States Norm or West.
1 say, then, that this whole scheme is brought
forward and is to be put upon the people of the
country without their consent. Their consent
has not been asked. Why, sir, even in the
elections of 1806, when the present members
of the House of Representatives were chosen,
this question was not submitted even indirectly
to the people. What was it you sent down for
their decision at that time? You sent down a
proposed constitutional amendment, now called
the fourteenth, in which you proposed some
half a dozen things all grouped together in one
amendment, and to be accepted altogether or
rejected altogether; but you did not propose
then, as you do now or have done during the
last year by your enactments, this rule of suf-
frage as compulsory, l'ou did not inform the
people of the country that you intended to im-
pose it by congressional power. No, sir, it
was all voluntary then. This amendment was
to be submitted to the Legislature of each of
the States, both the adhering and the seceding
States, and each was to be at perfect liberty
to accept or reject it; and upon that proposi-
tion you went to the people and held your con-
gressional elections and obtained your majori-
ties in the congressional districts of the North
and West. That was in the fall of 1866. Last
winter, however, on the 2d and '23d of March,
and again in July, you built up your structure
of reconstruction. You laid then its founda-
tions. You builtit up from nothing until now
it towers and overshadows the land.
That scheme of reconstruction you have
never submitted to the people anywhere for
their judgment. To be sure, at the last fall
elections they took this subject somewhat into
consideration. They observed what you were
doing, and in an indirect manner they ex-
pressed their opinion upon your works ; and
it was not a favorable one. When you sent
to them in Ohio and in other States a propo-
sition that they should make their local State
constitutions conform to this model which you
are setting up for the South, they said no;
and they said it in tones which you heard. I
wish, sir, that you would regard it. You cer-
tainly heard it. We all heard it, because it
resounded throughout the land. Our people
refused to take this scheme home to their own
firesides, to apply it to their own political in-
stitutions in those States which are represented
in this Government, which have a voice and
ar« entitled to a voice in it beyond all ques-
tion. I repeat, sir, your whole scheme of
reconstruction, based upon degraded suffrage,
(because it all comes to that,) has been sprung
upon the country, and you are attempting to
impose it without the consent of the people
either of the South or North. If you are
judged by the facts, you must concede that
this is a just description of your proceeding,
& faithful delineation of its character.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Dooltt-
tle] some days ago commenced this debate by
speaking upon his resolution of instruction to
the Judiciary Committee on the reference of
the bill. He was answered by four members
of the majority in succession, who one after
another took up, as they said, the gauntlet, the
gage of battle, which he had thrown down.
They replied to him. Other gentlemen have
spoken since in the debate. You see what is
the result of constituting this Senate as it is,
four to one politically. The Senator from Wis-
consin can speak upon one side and four gen-
tlemen can be paired off with him on the other
side. For whom do they speak ? The people
of the United States? The population is
equally divided in political sentiment. Here
is an illustration of the effect of that political
composition of this body to which I nave al-
luded. The Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mob-
tox,] who sat near me when he delivered his
remarks, the Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,]
and the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] all followed the Senator from Wis-
consin in this debate before any other voice
was heard in support of the proposition which
had been introduced by him. This is, perhaps,
not to be complained of. It is a result of the
existing condition of things, and only to be
mentioned as a small illustration of what is
taking place and what must take place con-
stantly in the Government in consequence of
the present unfiiir representation of the people.
Bat, sir, among those who thus spoke in an-
swer to the Senator from Wisconsin there was
but one speech which made much impression
upon those who listened; but one which invites
an answer in debate. Upon particular points
that answer was given by the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Johxsox,] and it would be
quite unnecessary work for me to travel over
a road which he has traversed already. He
gave a sufficient reply, in my judgment, to the
argument of the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] upon the particular legal points which
were brought in controversy between them.
But, sir, there were some other things in
the speech of the "Senator from Indiana which
I desire to notice. The Secretary of this
Senate, who conducts "two newspapers, both
daily," has informed us, in regard to the speech
of the Senator from Indiana, that "it is an
unanswerable vindication of congressional re-
construction, both as matter of policy and as
matter of right." Far be it from me to dis-
parage that member's speech as an intellectual
effort. I listened to him with a very consid-
erable degree of satisfaction, and if I could
convey to him in proper terms of compliment
my appreciation of his merit both as an indi-
vidual and as a speaker I should be happy to
do so. But, sir, what we are mainly concerned
with is not the private merits of the Senator
from Indiana nor the accomplishments which
he may possess for addressing the Senate or
people of the United States. What we are
concerned with is his argument, the question
of its solidity, of the truth and force of the
sentiments which he uttered with the design
of influencing our opinions upon public affairs.
The Senator said, among other things:
" I believe it was stated yesterday by the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. 'I'muibtrllj that in every State but
two the white voters registered outnumbered the
colored voters." * * * * "Congresshas
not sought to establish negro supremacy."
Again he said :
"It has disfranchised some fifty thousand disloyal
leaders, leaving all the rest of the people to vote."
The day previous the Senator from Illinois
had said :
"If you will look at the registration you will find
more whites than blacks registered in most of the
States."
And in another portion of his remarks he
called attention to the fact that the white popu-
lation exceeded the black in all those States
except two, leaving the inference to be drawn,
as he was then understood by his friend from
Indiana and hy others, that the registration had
followed, with reference to the division of num-
bers, the rule which obtained from the census.
Mr. President, it seems to me surprising that
gentlemen of such intelligence as these mem-
bers undoubtedly possess, and are known to
possess, should cast ont before the country
statements of this description. I hold in my
hand a report of the registration in all of the
States of the South except one. It is as fol-
lows :
White. Black.
Virginia     120,101 105,832
North Carolina  103,060 71,657
South Carolina  46,676 80,714
Georgia  96,262 95,973
Alabama..  72,746 93,543
Florida,  11,151 15,541
Louisiana  45,169 83,249
Mississippi  47,434 62,091
Arkansas  43,170 23,146
685,769 631,746
Showing a black majority in the nine States
named of forty-five thousand nine hundred and
seventy-seven. These are the numbers from
the World Almanac. Those given in the Tri-
bune Almanac are substantially the same.
There are variations as to several States,
not affecting the result in any one however.
The returns from Mississippi and Arkansas in
the Tribune Almanac are imperfect. The sum-
ming up, however, is five hundred and seventy-
one thousand one hundred and thirty-three
whites, and six hundred and nineteen thousand
six hundred and fifty-five blacks. The only
difference i®, that the returns in the Tribune
Almanac are less perfect than the other; I sup-
pose from having been printed a little earlier.
In Texas, which is the only remaining State,
we are informed that the total of the registra-
tion isone hundred and fourthousand two hun-
dred and fifty-nine. An election is to be held
in that State from the 10th to the 14th of Feb-
ruary, inclusive, and a revision of the registra-
tion is to take place during a period of fourteen
days prior to that election. I have seen it
stated that the registration in Texas shows an
excess of black persons registered. Another
statement, which I find in the Tribune Alma-
nac, shows a registration of fifty-six thousand
six hundred and sixty-six whites, and forty-
seven thousand four hundred and thirty blacks.
Mr. President, these are the facts, and it ap-
I pears that instead of there being but two States
; in the South in which the black persons regia-
! tered exceed the white? they do so exceed in
' Mississippi, Louisiana,'Florida, Alabama, and
I South Carolina.
I Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend allow me
I to ask him a question in that connection?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. The figures he gives us
take me somewhat by surprise; but I ask him
: whether the explanation is not that thousands
of white citizens who were entitled to be reg-
istered under the act refused to register them-
selves, it being an act of volition on their part?
Is it not true that in every State but two the
white persons entitled to be registered exceed
the number of black persons entitled to be reg-
istered ? I ask the Senator whether that is not
the explanation of this difference?
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is another point,
I am coming to it in its turn. At present we
are upon the question of fact raised by the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] in eonform-
1 ity with a statement made by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] in his speech the day
before. ' I prove by the facts, collated from
reliable sources and carefully examined, that
instead of the black registration exceeding the
white in two States of the South only, it ex-
ceeds it in no less than five, and in every one
of the five largely. Besides that, in the State
of Georgia the numbers are about equal, fur-
nishing a substantial control also to the col-
ored element in that State, acting as it does
compactly under the discipline of agents se-
lected for the purpose, and the slightest aid
of white votes, either of northern persons who
have gone down there who are connected with
this movement, or of persons native to the
State, would give a preponderance to the scale
in that direction. In the State of Texas, also,
unless the revisions of the registrations should
change things greatly, Ihere is a substantial
balance between the two, liable to be turned
in the same way. In Virginia the excess of
the white registration would be changed by so
small an amount as eight thousand of the white
votes out of one hundred and twenty thousand;
and in North Carolina by a somewhat larger
number than that. In only one of all the
States in question, and that is Arkansas, is
there a heavy preponderance of registered
whites; so that you cannot expect that ao
election held with a division of race will be
determined in favor of the whites in more than
one or two of these States.
The other point of the Senator's remark was
in regard to disfranchisement. He says some
fifty thousand disloyal leaders have been dis-
franchised. That is his statement. The re-
sult is affected in those States by a double
process; in the first place, by having the black
vote registered, and registered fully, if not
fraudulently; and in the next place, by dis-
