828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Now, sir, what do the reconstruction acts
provide? i'ini act ot' March 2, 1807, provides,
in its fifth section—
"That when the people of anyone of said rebel
States shall have formed a constitution of govern-
ment in conformity with the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States in all respects, framed by a convention of
delegates elected by the male cititons of said State,
twouty-ooe years old and upward, of whatever race,
color, or previous condition, who have been resident
in said State for one year previous to the day of such
election, except such as may be disfranchised for
participation in the rebellion or lor felony at com-
mon law, and when such constitution shall provido
that the elective franchise shall bo enjoyed by all
such persons as shall havo the qualifications herein
stated tor electors of delegates, and when suoh con-
stitution shall be ratiiied by a majority of the per-
sons voting on the question of ratification who are
qualified as electors for delegates, and when such
constitution shall have been submitted to Congress
for examination and approval, and Congress shall
have approved the same: and when said State, by a
rote of its Legislature elected under said constitu-
tion shall hare adopted the amendment to the Con-
stitution of tho United States proposed by the Thir-
ty-Ninth Congress, and known as article fourteen,
and when said article shall have become a part of the
Constitution ot the United States, said State shall
be declared entitled to representation in Congress,
and Senators and Representatives shall be admitted
therefrom on their taking the oaths prescribed by
law, and then and therealter the preceding sections
of this act shall be inoperative in said State: Pro-
vided, That no person excluded IrOm the privilege
of holding office by sail! proposed amendment to the
Constitution of the United States shall be eligible to
election as a member of the convention to lrame a
constitution for any of said rebel States, nor shall
any such person vote for members of such conven-
tion."
The act of March 23, 1867, provides for a
registration of voters by military authority, and
declares that the registration—
"Shall include only those persons who are qualified
to vote for delegates by the a(4 aforesaid, and who
shall have taken and subscribed tho following oath
or affirmation:
" I, , do solemnly swear (or affirm) in
the presence of Almighty God, that I am a citizen of
the State of ; that I have resided in said State
for months next preceding this day, and now
reside in the county of , (.or the parish of ,)
in said State, (as the casemay be ;< that I am twenty-
one years old; that I have not been disfranchised
for participation in any rebellion or civil waragainst
the United States, nor for ielony committed against
the laws of any State or of the United States: that I
never have been a member of any State Legislature,
nor held any executive or judicialxiffiee in any State,
and afterwards engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or given aid or comfort to
the enemies thereof: ttiat I have never taken all
oath, as a member of Congress of the United States or
as an officer of tho United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of
the United States and afterwards engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion against the United States or
given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof."
Then comes the act of July 19, 1867, which
provides that the boards of registration—
"Shall have power, and it shall be their duty
before allowing the registration of any person, to
ascertain, npon such facts or inlOrmation as they can
obtain, whether such person is entitled to be regis-
tered under said act, and the oath required by said
act shall not be conclusive on snch question, and no
Sarson shall be registered unless such board shall
ecide that he is entitled thereto; and such board
shall also have power to examine under oath, (to he
administered by any member of such board) any one
touching the qualifications of any person claiming
registration."
It is further provided by this act of July 19—
" That the true intent and meaning of the oath
prescribed in said supplementary aot is, (among other
things,) that no person who has been a member of
the Legislature of any State, or has held any execu-
tive or judicial office in any State, whether he has
taken an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States or not, and whether he was holding
snch office at the commencement of the rebellion, or
had held it before, and who has afterwards engaged
in insurrection or robellion against the United States,
or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof is
entitled to be registered or to vote; and the words
' executive or judicial offico in any State' in said oath
mentioned shall be construed to include all civil
offices created by law for tho administration of any
general law of a State, or for the administration of
justice."
Now, while the guarantee clause of the Consti-
tution cannot justify reconstruction upon the
plan contained in these laws; while it cannot
be invoked in argument as a substitute for the
war power of which we heard so mi*ch former-
ly, it yet has its place in our debates, and a
most important application to the States of the
South. It imposes upon ns the clear duty of
recognizing governments there which are re-
publican in form and duly established by the
people.
What do the reconstruction laws do? Rec-
ognize a republican form which has been es-
tablished by the people in the several States
concerned'! Invite them to create a repub-
lican form, if it be assumed that none exists
at present? No, sir. Your reconstruction acts
proceed to perform the function of a constitu-
tion for each of the States of the South. You
provide the rule of suffrage which shall obtain
in selecting the members of constitutional con-
ventions. You provide the rule of suffrage
which shall prevail in accepting or rejecting
the constitution which shall be so formed. You
introduce into the political body a vast mass
of population who were excluded by former
constitutions in those States, as they existed
in 1789, when the Constitution of the United
States went into effect, and at all periods of
time subsequently. More than that, sir; in
your reconstruction acts you proceed to order
what provisions shall be put into the constitu-
tions made by those conventions, or you do
what amounts to the same thing; you provide
that if the constitutions so made by these con-
ventions shall contain particular provisions
then they shall be accepted or be acceptable
by Congress, and representation shall be re-
newed to the people of those States. In other
words, you declare what provisions, when in-
corporated in those constitutions, shall entitle
the people of those States to your favor and to
a restoration of that former political relation
which existed between them and the Govern-
ment of the United States.
This is substantially, if not in form, the dic-
tation of the provisions in the constitutions of
those States; and it is virtually the making of
those constitutions by Congress, so far at least
as these provisions are concerned.
Stated in a word, these acts undertake to
establish the fundamental law of the-several
States of the South, and to dictate to the free
inhabitants of those States what provisions
shall be contained in their fundamental laws.
It does this in violation of right; first, because
no such power has ever been conferred upon
Congress by the Constitution of the United
States ; and next, because it violates the very
principles which give life to the republican sys-
tem. What, sir! A constitution in Georgia
containing a rule of suffrage prescribed and
imposed by the Congress of the United States
to be considered as republican 1 No, sir. In-
stead, therefore, ofyour legislation of March and
July executing the guarantee of a republican
form of government to the States of the South,
it bears a directly contrary character. Instead
of guarantying republican forms, it subverts
them. Instead of maintaihing republican prin-
ciples, it strikes them down and prostrates
them. Instead of guarantying an advantage
and a benefit to the people of the States, the
control of their political institutions, the main-
tenance of republican principles, you enter the
States to invade the most sacred principles of
liberty and of republican government.
Oh, sir, what a caricature upon all logic is
this pretense of executing that guarantee when
you consider the instrumentalities which you
use! Republican forms for the South; and
yet your laws are enacted by bodies in which
there is no single representative of all those
populations! You, who are foreign to them,
who are aliens, so far as their local policies are
concerned, make their fundamental laws; and
you call that maintaining a guarantee of a re-
publican formof government! Oh, monstrous
perversion of language! Most shocking in-
sult to common intelligence and to common
sense I * "
What more, sir? Your republican form
assumes for the time the features and linea-
ments of a complete military dictatorship. I
do not call it a despotism, although it may be-
come such in fact. In form and in intention
at present it is simply a dictatorship, such as
was set up in the proud city of Home at one
period of history for the government of a popu-
lation which had become too licentious to bear
free forms and maintain free institutions longer.
You Set up a dictatorship such as are setup in
Spanish America, where the populations are fit
for nothing but it government of force, inca-
pable of maintaining their republican forms,
unfit for them and unworthy of them. You
are to bring down our free America, our States
united, to the level of former republics and of
existing so-called republics who have utterly
and ingloriously failed in their mission. You
set up a dictatorship by act of Congress; you
have done it already in your former laws; you
now propose to intensify your former arrange-
ment, to make the grip of military power upon
the free citizen stronger and more exacting
tliau it has ever been before ; and all under
pretense of maintaining a republican form of
Government! What! our republican forms
maintained by the bayonet, by the rule of your
brigadier general, and your colonel, and your
major, and your lieutenants, holding military
commissions to pass upon the dearest rights
of person and property placed within their
grasp by your laws? Is that the way in which
liberty and republican forms are to be main-
tained? Could you adopt a system more
directly calculated to trample out' every ves-
tige of that form which your fathers guaran-
tied by the Constitution of the United States?
Such is the character of your legislation for
the time being.
It has existed now nearly one year; it is to
exist for an uncertain period of time in the
future. Suppose that trouble comes between
races; suppose crime runs rampant; suppose
the feelings and the. passions of men held
in check by force for a time should break loose
into violence, and public danger and social
danger should appear in the horizon, you must
execute your system then, having entered upon
it; you must vote men to do this work; you
must vote money to support men to do this
work. This business of governing the South,
which you have undertaken and assumed to
yourselves in violation of every republican
principle which can be conceived, must become
still more dictatorial and despotic in future if
necessities invite it. You cannot stop half
way unless you stop altogether and undo your
work, go back upon your own declarations,
proclaim your mistake in the face of the world,
acknowledge that there has been wrong, or at
least error, in the policy which you have under-
taken and thus far have pursued.
Well, sir, perhaps you are content to dare
the future. Yeu may scorn all its dangers.
You may read history without heeding any of
its warnings. You may by a confusion of terms
which is calculated to awaken surprise, at least,
if not indignation, call a dictatorship a repub-
lican form. You may call State constitutions
established by acts of Congress republican
forms of constitution as valid, as good, and as
laudable as if created by the people themselves.
You may do all this; but no one can have any
question, surprising as all these things are, of
the motive with which you do this, of the ob-
ject with which it. is done, of the controlling
passions and emotions of the soul which give
direction to your conduct and shape your laws
and your administration for the South. It is
that that unjust power which you now hold in
this Government, out of all proportion to any
rule of equality or of justice^ shall be secured
and maintained in the future; that it shall not
be torn from your grasp by the votes of those
people; but that, if they turn from your policy
with detestation and abhorrence, or with simple
condemnation merely, you shall have a guar-
anty against them. You do not intend the
guarantee of a republican form of government
to the South, but your legislation is intended
as a guarantee to yourselves and against the
people of our country, whose servants you are
and whose voice it is your duty to obey, but
who are to be circumvented and bound, so that"
those who speak for you can say, " Well, what
of it? Help yourselves if you can! What
will you do about it? Have we not done this;
and will we not fasten our work firmly upon
you ? Protest as you please; this guarantee
which we take to ourselves, this bond of the
future, we will have, and we will have it de-
