1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
spite the Constitution which we trample under
foot; despite the populations whose rights
under this guarantee we despise."
We will take it to our.-elves because this
is the day of our strength and of our power;
we will improve the golden moments as they
pass, and taking to ourselves the ignorant and
imperfect elements of society in the South-
build our political institutions and our party
power upon them and they shall be our allies
to secure us against the indignation of our
countrymen in the future. Finally, to those
who question our conduct or impeach our
authority we will present such arguments as
occur to us upon the guarantee clause of the
Constitution!''
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Sena-
tor allow me to ask him a question, that I may
understand his position?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to ask
the Senator whether he maintains that this
Government is bound to guaranty the States
organized by the President?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Xo, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I speak of the
States that are now existing in fact, provis-
ionally. as organized by the President.
Mr. BUCKALEW. That is a question of
power. The question of duty is another thing.
I hold that the Cougress of the United States
is bound to exercise an honest judgment in the
admission of Senators and Representatives
from each one of the States of the South ; that
its jurisdiction upon that question is incapable
of dispute, and must be exercised upon its
own judgment and uninfluenced by the action
of any other department of the Government,
according to the truth and honesty of the case.
I hold also that this guarantee of a republican
form of government, which is quite a distinct
thing from, and has nothing to do .with, the
other question, is simply an engagement that
the United States, which means the Govern-
ment of the United States, as the Senator from
Indiana well put it, is bound to maintain to the
people of each State the republican form which
they have established ; not to make a govern-
ment for them, but to maintain their republican
form of government in each State against inva-
sion from abroad and against the usurpation
of their rulers. But that alludes merely to the
form.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Does that guar-
antee apply to the State governments existing
now in the South in fact, as organized by the
President?
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have my own ideas
of that.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I want to know
what they are.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I intended to have
closed by this time ; but I will proceed on this
one point, as the Senator has called my atten-
tion to it.
When the war concluded in April, 1805, as
it did'in point of fact, an arrangement was
proposed between General Sherman, who com-
manded our forces, and General Johnston,
who commanded the confederate forces, by
which, if it had been acceeded to by the Gov-
ernment of the United States and by the con-
federate authorities, there would have been a
condition of things created in this country very
different, and in my judgment much better
than that which did occur afterward. In that
case there would have been an agreement be-
tween the Governme'nt of the United States
and the existing governments in the States
that had rebelled, which would to some ex-
tent have bound the good faith of the parties,
and would have been a just and proper exer-
cise, so far as we were concerned, of the war
power, the exercise of which was conferred
upon the President of the United States ; and
if Congress had subsequently chosen to accept
that arrangement, by receiving Senators and
Representatives, the transaction would have
been complete, and the guarantee clause of the
Constitution would have applied to those gov-
ernments so recognized, and our faith would
have been bound to them.
Just so with regard to the governments which
were set up not by the President, but upon his
invitation by the people themselves in the sev-
eral States. If we had accepted Senators and
Representatives from them this guarantee would
unquestionably at once have applied to their
maintenance and preservation. The duty would
have been charged upon the United States from
that moment, indefinitely in the future, so long
as they might exist in the same or an amended
form retaiuing their republican character.
I am stating the legal point as I hold it. I
go upon the fundamental ground that a consti-
tution can be made only by the people who
are to be bound by it, and that it must be made
free from all coercion or constraint whether
from the President or Congress either. I deny
that the President of the United States has any
more authority than an individual citizen to set
up a State government anywhere. I acknowl-
edge just as little right in him as I do in the
Congress of the United States. Neither of
them has any power to do it, nor any right to
do it, nor, under ordinary circumstances, any
business to meddle with it. At the conclusion
of the war, however, it was competent for the
President, holding military control of those
States, by proclamation to withdraw the mili-
tary pressure and allow the people to form
State governments, if he chose. There was
nothing objectionable in that; there was noth-
ing that invaded any principle of right in that; :
but to the validity of those constitutions so
made it was essential that they should be the
act of the people ^lemselves without the dicta-
tion of any provision whatever by the Presi- !
dent of the L nited States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Allow me to
call the Senator's attention to the fact that the
President of the United States proclaimed to
these States the terms on which their govern-
ments must be reconstructed in order to receive
his sanction or recognition.
Mr. BUCKALEW. No; that is not it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; that
is precisely the position in which the matter
stands. President Johnson proclaimed to these
States that they must abolish slavery forever
within their borders; that they must declare
the secession ordinances null and( void; that
they must repudiate the rebel debt. The Com-
mander-in-Chief, the President of the United
States, named these as the conditions on which
the States were to be recognized.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What is the Senator
reading fron ?*
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. From the same
authority from which my honorable friend read,
the President's proclamation as given in the
almanac he quoted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The proclamation as
the Senator reads it, not as it reads.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The proclama-
tion as stated in this book, and which purports
to be an extract from it, or a statement of its
contents.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Those expressions,
"they must do this," are not found in the
proclamation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. No, sir ; but
they are stated by the President to be condi-
tions precedent to the organization of the
States, and conditions precedent to his rec-
ognition of the States. That is my point. Be-
sides, the honorable Senator will recollect that
ihose conventions were dictated to by Mr.
Seward by dispatches stated to come from
the President from time to tinfe as they were
organized.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am perfectly aware
of theargumentwhichis made against the Presi-
dent of the United States in connection with
reconstruction under his proclamation. It is
not material to me to enter upon that debate
and to vindicate him in all respects. I stand in
the same position in whichT have stood from
the time the war came to a conclusion, as an
independent member of this body with refer-
ence to all these questions. But as I under-
stand, substantially, the constitutions made
under the proclamation of the President were
made freely by the people of the several States;
his proclamations withdrew the pressure of the
military authority ; the provisional governors
whom he appointed merely invited the people
to hold conventions. No terms were imposed
by way of order or by way of law.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to call the
Senator's attention to a whole page of terms in
greater detail than our reconstruction laws.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I ehoose to go on with
my own statement rather than to hear the Sen-
ator with his.
What I understood was done was this: that
Mr. Seward, as Secretary of State, wrote ad-
visory letters—that is the word—advising gen-
tlemen connected with the business of recon-
struction, or interested in it, of what would be
satisfactory, if the people chose to do it, of
what would be expected before the people of the
adhering States would agree to receive them to
their fellowship again and to admit their Sena-
tors and Representatives in Congress. It was
not so much with reference to wliat the Presi-
dent would do ; it was advice, ordinarily sent to
the provisional governors, which was unofficial
in its nature, although coming from the Secre-
tary of State. It was the giving of information
of an advisory character as to what would be
expedient and what was expedient. But in no
case was any order issued, nor was there any-
thing in the nature of coercion or force applied.
The President and his Secretary of State, no
doubt, sincerely stated what they believed would
be satisfactory to the people of the adhering
States. In advising a provision repudiating the
rebel debt and other things which were men-
tioned, and which were done by the people of
these States, they, no doubt, stated in good
faith what they believed would be satisfactory
to the people of the United States and to Con-
gress. I say, however, that those constitutions
set up under the invitation of the President
must have been the free act of the people of
the States concerned or they were not valid.
Otherwise the proceeding would be open to
all the denunciation that gentlemen can level
against it. I agree that the President had no
power in strictness of law to do any act in the
forming of a State constitution, and Congress
stands in precisely his position in that respect.
A constitution must be made by the people
themselves.
But, sir, there is another principle which
comes into play. I agree that although a
constitution may h&ve'been formed somewhat
irregularly, without a compliance with all the
legal forms which apply to the case, yet if the
people to be bound by that constitution acqui-
esce in it, and some time passes, it may be
good. In the case of a private corporation,
where the corporation proposes to do an act
outside of its corporate authority, against
which any individual stockholder could object,
if he do not object and the corporation does
the act, and some time elapses, the courts will
not listen to an objection. They will say that
although this act was unwarranted by the fun-
damental law of the corporation, yet, inasmuch
as it was done without objection and acqui-
esced in, it shall stand as valid and effectual.
As to these constitutions made in the South,
I do not care so much how the proceeding
was started, whether it was by the voluntary
action of individuals, such as took place in
Pennsylvania when the constitution of 1776
was formed, oi^in a more regular manner.
The convention was called by a committee of
public safety, a voluntary body, in Philadel-
phia. I do not care so much how the pro-
ceedings are initiated or begun; all that I
want to inquire is, whether the people in point
of feet maKe the constitution and acquiesce
in it. That is the only material question in
any such case, as in the case in Kansas, the
objection made here in both Houses of Con-
gress was that the constitution as made was
not the act and deed of the people of Kan-
