1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
the words "books and book-binding" in sec-
tion ten of the "act to reduce internal taxa-
tion." &c, approyed June 30. 1864, and acts
amendatory thereof, approved July 13, 1806,
as to include albums for photographs ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rights of american citizens abrovd.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on For-
eign Affairs are entitled to the remainder of
the morning hour for reports.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I rise to a personal
explanation.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] as chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] promised to yield
to me for five minutes.
Mr. BANKS. I will yield, if it is not to be
taken from the time of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
• Mr. BANKS. Then I cannot yield. I now
report back from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs the bill of the House No. 584, concern-
ing the rights of American citizens in foreign
States, with a recommendation that the same
do pass.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec
to his native country with intent to resume his
domicile therein; or if any citizen shall leave
the United States with the intention of perma-
nent residence in any foreign State; or shall
fail to make annual return of his property in
the United States for taxation to the assessor
of internal revenue for the district of the Uni-
ted States in which said citizen last resided; or
shall engage as an army or navy belligerent in
any foreign war or service, such citizen shall
not be entitled to the interposition of the Gov-
ernment in his behalf under the provisions of
this act.
The fourth section provides that the term
"domicile," in the preceding section, shall be
construed to mean a continuous residence of
more than five years in the native country of
the naturalized citizen, or establishing himself
in any business which denotes an intention to
resume a permanent residence.
Mr. BANKS. It is not the purpose of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to occupy much
of the time of the House in the consideration
of this question. Yet it seems indispensable
that it should be considered at this time, for if it
be assigned to a day certain it must follow several
other prior special orders, and will go over for
some weeks, perhaps for one, two, or three
months. If it is necessary to act at all upon
this subject it should be considered at this
time. 1 am not disposed to occupy much time
myself. I am willing to concede for the dis-
cussion as much time as the House may be
willing to accord to the consideration of this
subject.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to have a
few minutes upon this bill.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to offer an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. BANKS. I will first state the purpose
of the bill, and then I will yield.
Mr. SPALDING. Before the gentleman
tion provides that all naturalized citizens of the 'j speaks I desire to indicate the nature of the
United States while in foreign States shall be
entitled to and shall receive from this Govern- |
raent the same protection of persons and prop-
erty that is accorded to native-born citizens in
like situation and circumstances. And thet
President is empowered to employ all the
resources of the Government in just efforts to
secure the recognition by other Governments
of the principles of public law which have been
insisted upon and maintained by the Govern-
ment of the United States in regard to the
rights of naturalized citizens ; provided always
that no citizen of the United States who is
guilty of crime against the laws of any foreign
State committed within its jurisdistion, or of
desertion from actual service in the army or
navy of such State, or who shall have acquired
naturalization by misrepresentation or fraud in
regard to residence or otherwise, or who by
treason or other crime against the United
States shall have forfeited or who shall have
renounced his rights as & citizen, or who shall
establish a continuous residence beyond the
limits of the United States for a term exceed-
ing five years, shall be entitled to the protec-
tion contemplated by this act.
The second section provides that whenever
it shall be duly made known to the President
that any naturalized citizen of the United States
has been arrested and is detained by any foreign
Government in contravention of the intentand
purposes of this act, upon the allegation that
naturalization in the United States does not
operate to dissolve his allegiance to his native
sovereign ; or if any citizen shall have been so
arrested and detained, whose release upon de-
mand shall have been unreasonably delayed or
refused, the President shall be, and hereby is,
empowered to order the arrest and to detain in
custody any subject or citizen of such foreign
Government who may be found within the juris-
diction of the United States, and the President
shall, without unreasonable delay, give infor-
mation to Congress of any such proceedings
under this act.
The third section provides that if any natu-
ralized citizen of the Uni'ed States shall return
amendment so that he may comment upon it
if h© dssircs#
Mr. BANKS. Very well; I will hear the
amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to amend the
second section by striking out the provision
authorizing the President to seize and imprison,
by way of reprisal, subjects in this country of
the Government offending the principle of this
bill, and inserting a provision that such offense
shall be considered just cause of war.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The first clause of
the first section of this bill is an affirmative
declaration as to what shall be regarded the law
of this country with reference to the doctrine
of expatriation. But that declaration is nega-
tived by the next clause of the bill; which reads
as follows:
And the President is empowered to employ all
the resources of the Government in just efforts to
secure the recognition by other Governments of the
principles of public law which have been insisted
upon and maintained by the Government of the
United States in regard to the rights of naturalized
citizens.
I propose, when opportunity shall offer, to
'• move to strike out that clause of the first sec-
tion, because the Government of the United
States has never insisted npon and maintained
the doctrine of the right of expatriation.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to call his attention to another pro-
vision ?
Mr. BANKS. I think I had better be allowed
to make my statement.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the'gentleman will
leave the bill open to discussion.
Mr. BANKS. I do not propose to call the
previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman to* a provision of
this bill.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; I will hear the
suggestion of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I observe that the
proviso of the firet section declares that "no
citizen of the United States who is guilty of
crime against the laws of any foreign State
committed within its jurisdiction" shall be
entitled to the protection contemplated by the
act. I desire to make an inquiry with refer-
ence to the effect of this proviso. Of course
we do not intend that a man shall avail him-
self of the benefits of this act to shield himself
from the consequences of his crime. But be-
cause a man may at some time have committed
a crime in another country, is he therefore to
be deprived of the benefits of this act when,
for instance, military service is claimed of him
by that country, or when he is put on trial for
something else?
Mr. BANKS. This bill does not contem-
plate the protection of a man who has com-
mitted a crime ; but failing to perform military
service is not a crime in the contemplation of
this bill.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] yield to me for a
question as to the effect of this bill in a certain
direction ?
Mr. BANKS. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. CHANLER. Will this bill protect those
American citizens who were formerly subjects,
for instance, of Prussia, in which country, under
its military system, by virtue of the clause in
their law instituting the " land-wekr" and
" land-sturm," the subject continues liable
to compulsory military service until death?
Is there any provision in the bill whereby a
former subject of Prussia, having become a
citizen of the United States, will be protected
should he return to Prussia? Will not such a
person be liable under this bill to be arrested
under the laws of Prussia as a deserter? I
will say to the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs that I am prepared to lay before
the House important facts upon this subject;
and if we should fail to make provision upon
tj)is subject in this bill we shall be doing
injustice to a large part of the German popula-
tion of this country. We shall thus bring upon
this House a responsibility which it will have
to meet after the bill is passed, and we might
as well have the courage to meet that respon-
sibility now. Let the bill be discussed on its
merits; let amendments be offered ; let us rec-
ognize the duties of this Government to every
citizen, native or foreign born; let us not allow
our citizens to be subjected to the military des-
potism of Prussia or of any foreign Government.
Mr. BANKS. I will say, in reply to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Chanler,]
that this bill is intended to protect, and I believe
will protect, naturalized citizens in the case he
8Uff268tS.
Mr. CHANLER. If the gentleman will al-
low me, I will say 
Mr. BANKS. I must deline to yield further.
I will state the purpose of the bill, and will then
leave it with the House.
Mr. JUDD. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion ?
Mr. BANKS. What is the nature of the
suggestion ?
Mr. JUDD. It is that the importance of this
bill and the various amendments already sug-
gested, together with the fact that the bill has
only been before the House twenty-four or forty-
eight hours, indicate to my mind that a day
certain should be fixed for the consideration of
the measure.
Mr. BANKS. As I have already said, I
should be very willing to postpone the consid-
eration of the bill if it could be done consist-
ently with the urgency of the question ; but if
it be necessary to act at all upon this subject
it is important to act now. We cannot postpone
the bill and make it a special order without
placing it after several other special orders, so
that it would be carried over for weeks or per'
haps months. I propose now to state the ob-
ject of the bill, and then leave the question with
the House.
Mr. Speaker, this bill is presented by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, with the unani-
mous approval of its members, inthehope that
it may decide, to some extent, the substantial
