882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January ^9,
question as to the rights of American citizens j|
in foreign States. It does not relate to special !
questions which have been presented and will
continue to be presented, to the House by its
members, as well as to tho executive depart-
ment of the Government.
In regard to the arrest of American citizens
in Great Britain or elsewhere, inasmuch as we
have not received official information on that
subject some time since called for the com-
rtitiec have not passed its judgment upon it.
Hereafter, it is probable that will be presented
to the House if otlicial correspondence shall
justify any action of that kind.
This bill refers to the general question, and
not to any special case which may arise under
the general question. It is a ditticult subject
to treat, inasmuch as it depends in some meas-
ure upon legislative and executive action with
foreign States. It is almost impossible to em-
brace in any single measure a complete remedy
for the universal complaint which is heard on
every quarter. Of seventy or one hundred
papers which have been presented inthisHouse,
and referred by order of the House to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, I believe there is not
a single one which undertakes to present a
remedy for the universal complaint which is
made all over the country, as well as by the
representatives of the people from all parts of
the country. I therefore assume that it is not
clear in the minds of gentlemen what should
be done on this question. The Committee on
Foreign Affairs, taking up this question, did
not see immediately and perfectly a solution i
of the difficulty presented; but the bill comes
as near it as any one we can present. As I
have said before, it received the unanimous
assent of the members of that committee after
mature deliberation; and every suggestion
made by gentlemen here was considered in
committee, and dismissed in the belief that then
general provisions of this bill furnish all t|ie
protection it is competent for the Government
to give to any class of citizens. These may be
doubtless improved in the phraseology in some
respects.
In the first place, sir, it is necessary to con-
sider in what respect we may not be willing to
protect American citizens in foreign States.
We mast admit this to be right: that a man
who commits a crime against a foreign State
while within a foreign State must submit him-
self to the criminal jurisdiction of that State,
and we cannot interfere, except so far as to
secure to him a just and impartial trial. A
man who is in the army or navy of a foreign
State, under its flag, borne upon its roster,
wearing its uniform, who deserts that service,
would be held by that Government precisely
as he "would be held by the American Govern-
ment if he were a deserter from its service.
Therefore, one charged with acts that consti-
tute a crime according to the laws of civilized
States would be liable to punishment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. BANKS. I will occupy the floor for a
few moments only.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask a question
in connection with what the gentleman is say-
ing.
Mr. BANKS. I prefer not to yield the floor
at this moment.
Mr. Speaker, in most of the European States
a deserter would be liable to complete his mil-
itary service and suffer some punishment. In
the American service he would be liable to the
penalty of death. It is a crime from which we
eannot expect to relieve American citizens;
but it does not affect those who are under a
prospective or contingent obligation. If a
subject who, being a subject of a foreign State,
may possibly be called on for service some
years afterward, and emigrates with the actual
or implied consent of his Government, he cannot
be held as a deserter from the military service
of that Government. I am liable to do mili-
tary service in tho State of Massachusetts, of
which I am a citizen; but I am free to emi-
grate from that State, and I commit no crime
against the State of Massachusetts, because I
owe at the time no immediate and positive
military obligation.
Another class of cases upon which the Gov-
ernment is frequently called to act is that of
men who obtain naturalization papers by mis-
representation and fraud. It is a frequent case
that men come from South American States,
from Costa Rica, or from Europe, remain here
just long enough to make application for nat-
uralization papers, go back when it is time to
get full papers, and thus without residing in
this country for any length of time and never
acting in good fait li toward this Government,
obtain recognition as naturalized citizens, their
intention being to reside in foreign countries,
to do business there, and escape their obliga-
tions, pecuniary and otherwise, to those Govern-
ments by pleading American citizenship, and
at the same time escaping ull their obligations
to this country, pecuniary and otherwise, as cit-
izens. We cannot undertake to protect cases
of fraud like this. It is not the interest of the
Government, and I am sure the House will not
expect the committee to press a proposition of
that kind.
There is another class of men claiming to
be or who are citizens of the United States,
who leave this country, drawing ten or fifteen
per cent, interest from their property here, go
to Paris or some other European capital, to
live in luxury, recognizing no obligation to
any Government, and living on a less sum
than their tax to this Government would be,
thus escaping their obligation to this country.
We do not propose to allow to such persons
the exercise of any privilege of that kind, and
the bill provides a necessary remedy for this |
evil.
So, too, when a naturalized citizen goes
abroad, establishes himself in business else-
where, buys land, for instance, and cultivates
it, or establishes a commercial house, escap-
ing his obligations to this country as well as
those justly due to the Government where he
he resides, the bill presented provides an effect-
ual remedy. j
These are some of the general exceptions !
which the Government must recognize and f
which the committee commend to the good
judgment of the House for its approval in
the bill now under consideration.
We come, then, to the general question,
which is of the highest importance to this
Government, connected with the right of
American citizenship. The question is asked :
what are the rights of naturalized citizens in
foreign States, even who are naturalized in
good faith and who exercise in good faith the
rights they thus obtain of this Government?
The answer is that the naturalized citizen has
exactly the same right in a foreign Govern-
ment that a native-born citizen of the United
States enjoys. There is no difference. There
is no privilege for one that the other may
not claim, and it is the first and highest duty
of the American Government to accord its
protection to the naturalized citizen in exactly
the same degree that it doeg to the r tive-born
citizen. And this bill proposes to establish'
that principle. It is the first time that it has
been proposed in the form of a legislative dec-
laration.
The gentleman from Iowa and others who
have spoken to me upon the subject have said
that this cannot be the case, because the Gov-
ernment of the United States has never recog-
nized the right of expatriation. Mr. Speaker,
that is a subject which has been carefully con-
sidered by the committee, and the judgment
of the committee is exactly the reverse of the
conclusion which gentlemen have reached.
In the very naturo of the Government the right
of emigration/feid of naturalization, which
together consulate the act of expatriation, is
admitted and ha3 been exercised from the
foundation of the Government up to this mo-
ment.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Will the gentleman
allow me a question?
Mr. BANKS. Excuse me. I know there
are differences of opinion in different depart-
ments of the Government on this subject. The
President called the attention of Congress to
this subject, in his last annual message. The
courts of the United States have said, not
directly, never judicially, that expatriation was
not the right of an American citizen, because
it was not the right of an English subject at
the time of the adoption of the Constitution.
But we do not recognize this as the law of this
country. It is not the law of this country. It
has never been sanctioned by a solemn adjudi-
cation. Whenever it has been alluded to in
the courts of the United States it lias always
been cited as English law, and that class of
judges who recognized English law existing at
the time ofthe American Revolution have cited
it as the inferential law of this country at this
time, but never, I believe, declaring it to be
American law.
But the executive department of the Gov-
ernment has maintained the opposite doctrine
in almost every case. One or two distinguished
public officers have yielded to the suggestions of
the judicial tribunals fyid have recognized the
doctrine of emigration and naturalization in the
English sense ; but they have never declared
it as the doctrine of the United States. On
the contrary, in the war with Great Britain, in
all the negotiations previous to the war of 1812,
and by almost every leading statesman, from
that day up to this day, representing the exec-
utive department of the Government it has
held the right of emigration and naturalization
elsewhere to be the right of American citizens.
The report of the committee quotes the declara-
tion of Mr. Webster upon this question, where
he distinctly recognizes this as a right which
the American Government has always de-
manded of foreign States. But naturalized
citizens have been informed, when making ap-
plication for passports, of the laws of foreign
States, and warned of the difficulties which
might attend their visits to such countries. But
it is not recognized as American doctrine of
allegiance or citizenship. When Mr. Webster
was Secretary of State he was informed by
officers of the Government of the Sandwich
islands that American citizens were settling
there and were carrying on business in those
islands. Mr. Webster in his dispatch replies,
in so many words, if they have left this country
and settled in the Sandwich islands they cease
to be American citizens. That is the doctriue
Of the executive Government, as I understand
it, at the present time.
Every member of the House will remember
the ground taken on this subject by Mr. Marcy
in the Koszta case. So that the subject stands
at the present time in this light: while the judi-
cial tribunals have occasionally cited the Eng-
lish law, and while there is a class of jurists
who maintain that in this country, even to this
day, the English law existing at the time of the
Revolution is the American law now by which
we are bound, yet no court, as I understand it,
h^ solemnly decided that law to be binding in
this country; while on the contrary, the legis-
lative departments, and especially the execu-
tive departments, have denied the interpreta-
tion of the rights of Governments in regard to
allegiance which has been maintained by the
European States, a doctrine founded on feudal
ideas of society, and contrary, in spirit, in
terms, and in effect, to the doctrines of all dem-
ocratic political associations.
The question is asked me by Hi any gentlemen,
and doubtless will be suggested to the House
in this debate, why has it not been declared
heretofore, and why is it not now declared,
that the right of expatriation is a right of Amer-
ican citizens ? The answer is perfectly appa-
rent. The Government of the United States
has at no period in its history made such a
declaration by legislative act, and if to-day we
should make any such declaration recogniz-
ing the right of expatriation, on the part of
the people of the United States it would be
interpreted by the Governments of Europe as
a declaration that from the date of the act only
we recognize the right of expatriation, and that
