1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
833
would effectually cut otF all tbe claims of the
naturalized citizens of this country up to this |
day tor protection while in foreign States. It
is tor this rea?on that whenever the question
has been presented, and such a proposition has
been made, without acting affirmatively or neg-
atively, the Congress of the United States has
always dismissed it as being unnecessary and
inconsistent with the required and established
rights of American citizens.
Mr. MAYNAUD. i would like to ask the
gentleman a question in connection with the
case of Martin Koszta.
Mr. BANKS. I will hear it if it has refer-
ence to my remarks.
Mr. MAYNAUD. Y'es, sir.
Mr. BAXlvS. I pray the gentleman, who is
a native of New England, to put his inquiry iu
the form of a question, and not a speech.
Mr. MAYXAltD. Martin Koszta was not a
naturalized citizen, but one who had declared
his intention to become such. Does the gentle-
man intend to provide for that class of persons?
Mr. BANKS. No; we do not propose to
detine naturalization. Thecaseof Martin Koszta
is an interesting one, because it brings up in
the strongest possible light this question. He
was not a natoralized citizen. He had only
declared his intention to become such. He did
not go to his own country. He went to Turkey,
then friendly as now to the United States, and
its citizens. Martin Koszta being an Austrian,
his surrender was demanded by the Govern-
ment of Austria, and the Governmentof Turkey
declined to surrender him on the ground that
the extradatiun treaty did not require it. But
Turkey would have surrendered Koszta, had he
not by force or threats of force been deterred,
to the officers of the United States.
This case shows the importance of this great
subject very clearly. Koszta could not travel
to any State iu Europe, could not travel to his
own country, could not be present in any State
in Europe without being liable to be surren-
dered by that Government to the Government
of his native country, Austria. Thus if the
claim be allowed, all naturalized citizens of the
United States and all the native-born people
of this country, so far aa they are affected by
the condition of the naturalized citizens, wiil
be precluded from that right of travel abroad
which has always existed in civilized States,
and which must be claimed by every Govern-
ment that has the slightest sense of personal
and public liberty.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the bill undertake
to define what is naturalization?
Mr. BANKS. The bill does not undertake
to define naturalization. It is based upon the
rights of naturalized persons, admitting them
to be naturalized. I believe .the Government
of the United States has not since maintained
in its full force and strength the doctrine of
Mr. Marcy, that a resident of the United States
who had declared his intention to become a
citizen was to all intents and purposes a citi-
zen of the United States.
In 1812 the Government of the United States
declared war against Great Britain, because
Great Britain had invaded our territory, had
stopped our ships, and taken from the service
of the United States, from beneath the Amer-
ican flag, those whom they claimed to be Eng-
lish subjects. It was estimated that -she had
ten thousand of our citizens in her service or
in her custody few refusing service. The prime
minister of England admitted that some two or
three thousand Americans had been arrested
in that manner, and that at least fifteen hun-
dred native-born American citizens had been
impressed in the naval service of that country
by the exercise of this power.
In 1812 Mr, Webster made very earnest
efforts, very earnest appeals to the British Gov-
ernment to surrender this claim, but his request
was rejected, or at least declined. Therefore
up to this day the right of Great Britain, as
maintained by her Government, has never been
surrendered.
The interest of the United States in this mat-
40th Cong. 2d 8ess.—No. 53.
ter is now stronger than it was then. There
were then in this country but 120,000 emi-
grants from European States ; there are now
0,040,000, and they and their descendants
amount to three fifths of the entire population I
of this country at this time. According to a
report from the Bureau of Statistics, the per-
sons who have emigrated to this country from
foreign States since the organization of this
Government, with their descendants, number
21,750,000. Now, European law holds all
these people to the second and third genera-
tion, even, "perhaps for all time" according
to Mr. Westlake's authority as to English law,
to the obligation of subjects of those European
Governments.
Now, it will not be contended that all these
people can be impressed; but if one out of
five or six is liable to arrest, the peace and the
rights of all the people of this country will be
disturbed. So, too, when an American citizen,
traveling in Europe, guilty of no crime, and
without offense to any nation or any law, is
arrested, confined, imprisoned, or put in the
army for service for the rest of his life, the
peace and the rights of the whole people of
this country are impaired and imperiled.
I do not mean to speak extravagantly on this
subject, but I will venture this remark, that
this claim which, maintained by the European
States, especially by Great Britain, affecting,
directly or indirectly, so large a proportion of
the people of the United States, this Govern-
ment can never peacefully recognize.
We go one step further than did the Govern-
ment of 1812. Great Britain had then asserted
her right to enter upon our territory and to
seize and impress American citizens beneath
our flag. Upon that we made our contest, and
the God of battles gave us the victory. It did
not give us the right which we claimed, but it
led the British Government to abandon the
practice upon which she had acted from the
foundation of our independence. Since then
our population has increased till we number
thirty-five millions. Three fifths of them are
interested in one way or another with the
claims made by the European States. The
greatest punishment that can be inflicted upon
any man or any nation is the denial of the
} right of locomotion or of travel.
j Americans must have, as other nations have,
I the right to travel in civilized States, commit-
I ing no crime against the laws of those States
and charged with no intent or purpose of
wrong. Yet if this assumption of European
States is submitted to, that privilege accorded
in all periods to the people of every civilized
nation is in a great degree impaired, if net
destroyed. To this we as a nation cannot
submit. Whether the bill proposed by tbe
committee meets the case I, of course, cannot
answer for the House; but I think gentlemen
will find, after careful consideration of every
point, that this measure concedes nothing to
I European Governments that must not of right
be conceded to them, that would not be de-
manded by us upon the same ground; that'it
claims from European Governments on behalf
' of our citizens, naturalized or native born,
nothing which must not be maintained at what-
ever cost.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over till to-morrow,
when the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] will be entitled to thirty minutes. The
next business in order is the bill (H. R. No.
207) to declare forfeited to the United States
certain lands granted to aid in the construction
of railroads in the States of Alabama, Missis*
sippi, and Florida, and for other purposes.
On this bill the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Pile] is entitled to ten minutes, being the
, residue of the hour of his colleague, [Mr.
i McClcrg.]
j Mr. INGERSOLL. Is it not in order, Mr.
I Speaker, to move to postpone the regular
! order, so that we may go on with the consid-
i eration of the bill which has just been under
1 discussion?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Pile] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Perhaps the gentleman
would yield to take the sense of the House oil
that question.
Mr. PILE. I cannot yield. I think that,
after further consideration we shall be better
prepared to act upon the bill before the House
during the morning hour.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not wish to insist
upon my suggestion if the gentleman has the
least objection.
soctheux land grants.
The House, agreeably to order, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 207) to
declare forfeited to the United States certain
lands granted to aid iu the construction of
railroads in the States of Alabama, Mississippi,
and Florida, and for other purposes.
Mr. PILE. Mr. Speaker, I desire, in the
first place, to make a statement of facts with
reference to the Alabama and Tennessee River
railroad, as furnishing the reasons why the
amendment I have offered should be adopted
if the bill should pass; and, in the second place,
I wish to say a few words with reference to the
general provisions of the bill.
In May, I860, Mr. A. W. Breed, of the city
of Cincinnati, a thoroughly loyal citizen of the
State of Ohio, made a contract with the presi-
dent and board of directors of the Alabama
and Tennessee River railroad, agreeing to
grade and complete the superstructure of the
unfinished portion of tbe road and to restock the
road with rolling stock, taking for the labor
and material to be furnished by him the bonds
of the road. He went to New York for the
purpose of negotiating these bonds; and upon
conferring with capitalists in the city of New
York he found that he could not negotiate
these bonds unless, first, the president of the
road should be changed; second, a change of
three individuals should be made in the board
of directors ; and third, a majority of the stock
of the company should be transferred outright
and de facto to those parties in New York
who were to furnish the money upon those
bonds. The railroad company conceded these
terms. The president, in obedienee to the
desire which had been expressed, resigned ; a
majority of the stock was transferred, and
these parties in New York, who were all loyal
citizens and many of whom contributed most
materially toward the prosecution of the war
and the defense of the Government, agreed
upon those terms to take each a specified num-
ber of the bonds of the road and furnish the
money necessary to complete the unfinished
portion of the road and restock it with rolling
stock. Among these gentlemen were Mr. Bar-
ney, Mr. Delano, Mr. J. J. 'Astor, Mr. U. A.
Murdoch, S. P. Chittenden, C. H. Marshall,
and others, gentlemen against whom, so far as
I know, no accusation can be made in regard
to their loyalty to the Government and their
assistance in the prosecution of the war. This
man, under the arrangement made with these
capitalists in New York, sent to Europe and
purchased the iron to complete the whole of
that unfinished portion of the road.
Thirty miles or near that have been graded.
Some six hundred hands are now at work, and
they say within less than one year from the 1st
of January, 1868, the whole of this unfinished
portion of the road will be completed, and
there remains to be finished only thirty-seven
miles. There are involved in this road only
about one hundred and thirty-seven thousand
acres of land.
Now, the point I wish to make in regard to
this company, in view of tlie importance of
completing this road, as the connection of
Rome with Dalton will make a line connecting
the cities of Washington and Baltimore with
Mobile and New Orleans ninety-five miles
shorter than any existing line ; in view of the
additional fact that the majority of the stock
of this road, as well as of connecting roads
between that and Dalton, has passed abso-
