838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
other inferior races to our country; and also whether 1
the civil rights act and the proposed amendments to
the Constitution of tho United States confer the
rights of citixenship. including the right of suffrage,
upon Chinese as well us all other males born in the
Vnited States over the ago of twenty-one years, and
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. PILE. I object.
Mr. JOHNSON. I simply desire the refer-
ence of this subject to the Committee on the
Judieiary. I hope the gentleman will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. PILE. I must insist on the objection.
I think the resolution is a burlesque on com-
mon sense.
1KDERAL AND STATE JURISDICTION, ETC.
Mr. JOHNSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. It. No. 186)
declaratory of the rights and powers of the
Federal and State Governments and the rights
of citizenship; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
IMPROVEMENT OF NEW YORK HARBOR,
Mr. CHANLER, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be,
and hereby i«, requested to inquire into the expedi-
ency of making an appropriation for the purpose of
removing the obstructions at Ilell Gate, and the im-
provement of the eas era harbor of New York; and
to report by bill or otherwise.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 320) making appropria-
tions to supply the deficiences in the appro-
priation for the execution of the reconstruction ;
laws, and for the service of the quartermas-
ters' department of the Government, for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1808, and for other
purposes.
DREDGING THE POTOMAC RIVER.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill providing for dredging
a part of the Potomac river by convict labor.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I object. .
ADDITIONAL ISSUE OF TREASURY NOTES. \
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous con- j
sent that the bill I introduced yesterday, and 1
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, in reference to the issue of addi-
tional Treasury notes, shall be ordered to be
printed.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
LUKE BLACKMER. I
I
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous Consent, intro- :
duced a bill (H. R. No. 592) to remove the
political disabilities from Luke Blackmer, of
Salisbury, South Carolina; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction.
SOUTHERN LAND GRANTS AGAIN.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, the debate
which has already taken place has, I think,
demonstrated the great importance of this
measure. It involves, as has been stated by the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
(Mr. Julian,] very nearly five million acres of
and, and it proposes that t hese five million acres
of land shall become subject to the operation
of what is known as the southern homestead
law, under which the right is given to actual
settlers to enter public lands in the South to the
amount of forty acres each. If this bill passes,
Mr. Speaker, it will furnish more than one hun-
dred thousand homes to the poor of the South,
white and black, and at the average of popu-
lation to the heads of families it will furnish
homes and the means of support to over six
hundred thousand human beings in that south-
ern country. It will furnish homes and sub-
sistence to one seventh of the entire popula-
tion made free by the events of the war. It is
therefore, Mr. Speaker, a question of great
magnitude, and it is proper it should be care-
fully considered and wisely decided.
The bill does not, as seems to have been
understood by some gentlemen on this floor,
divest the railroad companies referred to of any
lands they now possess. These grants are, by
the terms of the original acts, already forfeited,
but the lands embraced in the grants have been
"certified"' to the respective States, so that
there is such a color of title in the States to
which those lands were granted that the south-
ern homestead law cannot apply. And it is
simply a question for this House to determine
whether they will destroy that color of title and
throw these lands back into the common fund
of the public lands of the nation, so that they
may be taken possession of by the poor of the
South, white and black, and be turned into
homesteads for their benefit and advantage,
or whether they will leave them in the hands
of the present corporators.
Mr. Speaker, I do not approach the consid-
eration of this subject in any narrow or illib-
eral spirit. I do not advocate this bill as " a
measure of desolation," as lias been claimed
by gentlemen on the other side of the House,
or as a measure of punishment to the people
of the South. I believe it is our first duty to
develop that country and to do everything
that may in us lie to increase its prosperity ;
and that if we do not do this from motives of
liberality and humanity we should at least do
it upon broad grounds of statecraft, because
the prosperity uf the South will be the best
possible guarantee of peace for all the future.
The question involved in this bill, therefore,
is in what way we can best promote the growth
and prosperity of that country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is well known that the
land grants made to the southern States lately
in rebellion, long prior to the outbreak of the
rebellion, were made to the ruling, wealthy
class of the South, because they alone controlled
the State Legislatures by which these grants
were awarded to individual corporators; and
it is a well understood and acknowledged fact
that the wealthy class of the South were the
leaders of the rebellion; that they were, in fact,
the very soul which inspired and the brains
which directed it; that the beneficence of our
institutions had pampered and nursed them
into rebellion, ana that by their skill, ability,
and social position they had dragged the igno-
rant masses of the community after them.
These grants being in their hands, if we per-
mit them to remain in their hands we are, by
the action of the General Government, making
still more wealthy the rebels of the South ; we
are strengthening the hands of the enemies of
the Government; we are increasing the power
of those whose cherished object has been and
is to overthrow the Government of the United
States.
Now there are, in general terms, two classes
in that country. There is the wealthy, aristo-
cratic, arrogant class—the former planter class,
the lordly possessors of thousands of acres,
who are almost invariably the enemies of our
country. If their hopes and aspirations suc-
ceed this Government of ours cannot stand.
There is another class, the poor class, the poor
white man and the still poorer black man of
the South, who can only be developed and lifted
up by the benign influence of our Govern-
ment—who are now or speedily will become
the friends of this Government; and it is a
question for us, Mr. Speaker, whether we shall
strengthen the hands of the first class or the
last; whether we shall strengthen the hands of
our friends or our enemies. The rebellion
grew in a great degree out of the aristocratic
contempt for labor entertained by the wealthy
class of the South—a contempt which the South
visited upon the laborer, there a slave, and
which they readily transferred to the entire
North, where labor and the laborer have been
from the first prized and honored. It was their
cherished theory that we were a degraded
people, a race of "mud-sills," and therefore
a cowardly racc who would strike no blows to
preserve the national life, and that the perfec-
tion of society could only be found where the
laborer was owned by the capitalist.
And, Mr. Speaker, it is most plain to-day
that it is the intention of that aristocratic class
of the South, the old ruliug class, to undo the
work of reconstruction by degrading and im-
poverishing the men whom we have liberated.
Rev. Petroleum Nasby, whose letters seem to
be logic sheathed in sarcasm, has in one of his
latest productions pointed out the policy they
are pursuing. Under the pretense of advising
them how to retain power he tells them to
refuse to sell lands to the negro, to refuse to
rent lands to the negro, to suffer fhem to work
only on the most degrading conditions, and at
such ruinous rates of wages as will not support
them or their families, and then lie says this
degraded class will become idle, discontented,
turbulent, and finally will rise up in insurrec-
tion ; and then they will point to their condi-
tion as a conclusive answer to all the humaue
impulses of the North and of the civilized
world. In other words, their purpose is to
prove to mankind that liberty, in the case of
the negro, is an unmixed evil, and that only
slavery is good. The first step toward reach-
ing this consummation is to deprive the negro
of all opportunity to obtain possession of tho
soil, well knowing that once possessed of any
portion of the cultivable soil hfs industry is to
a great degree within his own control and
beyond the reach of their cruel and iniquitous
laws.
The copy of agreement read the other day by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] from a Richmond paper, clearly shows
that the wit of the satirist has been anticipated
by the course of events in the South, and that
even Nasby could devise nothing worse than
rebels have already put in. practice. That
agreement showed not only the purpose to
deprive the negro of land, to give him work
only on degrading terms, but to bind him not
to be a Republican and to support the rebel
element at the polls. Upon no other terms
was he to obtain the means of life.
Now, Mr. Speaker, here are five million
acres of land already forfeited, already in the
hands of the Government, and shall we not
say that they shall go to those poor laboring
people of the South? Shall we not say they
shall be taken out of the hands of those who
are the enemies of the country and placed in
the hands of those who are its friends? that
houses may spring up there; that fields may
be cultivated, and liberty there may rest upon
the solid foundation of the possession of the
soil?
Mr. Speaker, one of the gentlemen who pre-
ceded me in this debate [Mr. Cary] has
already pointed to the vast importance that
the possession of the soil exercises upon the
development of civilization." It is not too
much to say, sir, that a large degree of the
liberty of England and its development grew
out of that ancient law of the realm that " every
man's house was his castle," inviolable even
by majesty itself. The home, Mr. Speaker,
must be the foundation of liberty and the
foundation of civilization, as it is the founda-
tion of all real prosperity; and we have acted
wisely in prescribing that the public land of
the South shall be divided into tracts of forty
acres each, and be given away as homes to the
landless poor of the South. Let us go a step
further, and add to that common fund of pub-
lic lands these five million acres.
My friend from Maine [Mr. Blaine] yester-
day proposed an amendment to repeal all the
grants of lands which had lapsed by reason of
the non-fulfillment of the terms .of the grant.
His error seems to be that he does not dis-
criminate between loyalty or disloyalty. If he
can point to any railroad in the North the cor-
porators of which have almost unanimously
contributed their means to destroy the Govern-
ment, and whose grant is now under the control
of Congress, I will cheerfully give my vote to
repeal such grant.
Mr. BLAINE. Are these railroads con-
