1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
839
stnietcd for the benefit of the corporators or
lor the benefit of the great number of freemen,
of loyal men, in the States in which lands were
grunted for their construction?
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, the great
object of all railroad grants must be the con-
struction of means of transportation. The
incidental result is, however, necessarily the
enrichment of the corporators. It is a ques-
tion for this House whether we shall enrich
the rebel stockholders of these roads, and enrich
thereby the enemies of the country, or whether
we shall enrich its friends. If we let the grants
stand we enrich its enemies ; if we divide the
grants into forty-acre tracts and give them to
the poor of the South we enrich its friends; and
while we strengthen the nation we do an act
of justice and mercy to over one hundred thou-
sand families—we put the means of happiness
and prosperity within the reach of over six
hundred thousand human beings. If this
Congress should hereafter conclude that rail-
roads are of more consequence to that coun-
try than homes, we can, when those States
come back—as I trust they soon will, renewed
and rehabilitated—we can then, if necessary,
recreate these grants, but recreate them so
that all the incidental advantages will ensue to
the friends and supporters of the national life.
But it is objected that this cannot or will not
be done; that destroyed now, these grants will
never be renewed. Mr. Speaker, I do not
believe it. I do not believe there is any rea-
sonable legislation the reconstructed States of
the South can ask at the hands of the North
which the North will not willingly and promptly
grant. Being once back in the Union, it will
be our pleasure and delight to nourish them
into prosperity and to do everything to develop
that entire southern country. But we must not
increase the power of the very men who are
now laboring to overthrow our work of recon-
struction. We must not impair the opportu-
nities of the very men who are assisting us in
that work of reconstruction. We must, in the
language of the illustrious Andrew Johnson,
"make the rebels take back seats" on all these
questions, in the building of railroads as well
as in the creation of States.
Loyalty in the South is now laboring under
contempt. The loyal man is the poor man, in
most cases the black man, and heretofore neces-
sarily the ignorant man and the despised man.
We must make loyalty respectable in that coun-
try. While the laws should be equal for all, the
gifts, the largesses of the Government should
be given to its friends alone. The Government
that does not distinguish between its friends
and its enemies cannot and does not deserve
to live. If these grants are to be made again
let the matter be brought before the House
and examined by the Committee on Public
Lands. Let them be given to the reconstructed
States, and let the Legislatures of those recon-
structed States award the benefits that may
arise from the grants to the friends of this
nation.
It may be sajd that in this measure we seek
to pursue a course toward the South different
from that which we have been pursuing toward
the West. The circumstances of the two re-
gions are greatly different.
The West is a new country, a country mainly
without population. I refer, of course, to those
States and Territories for which these grants
are now asked. These grants are made with
a view to induce emigration and create pop-
ulation. There is no oppressed class in the
West, no class deprived of the right to take
possession of the soil. There is no rebel ele-
ment there that seeks to hold down in the dust
the poor, struggling, loyal element of the coun-
try." If there were we should have no merits
before this House or before the country. Hence
I think that the comparisons that have been
sought to be instituted between the West and
South cannot have any force in the discussion
of this question. In the South there is already
a large population, only one fourteenth of
which possess any part of the soil. The soil,
therefore, is the one thing needed, not popu-
lation. Great cities have grown up; the coun-
try is close to the great markets of the nation.
Enormous crops are every year raised there,
crops valuable not alone to our own country
but to the whole civilized world. Under such
circumstances the building of railroads in that
country must be merely a question of time. The
situation of the country is vastly different from
the new States of the remote West, where we
find vast expanses of unsettled, valueless land,
where means of transportation must precede
or immediately accompany population; where
land is a drug and population the one thing
needed.
This bill, then, narrows itself down to this:
shall we permit the aristocratic, wealthy, dis-
loyal class at the South to retain possession of
this great gift of the nation; to enrich them-
selves ; to add to their power; and to use that
power for the purpose of crushing out the
friends of this Government? Or shall we
strengthen the hands of the friends of the
Government, either by giving them homesteads
on that land, or by giving it, if given for rail-
roads at all, to loyal corporations?
It has been said that in the interim between
the passage of this act and the time when these
States may return and demand a renewal of
these grants a considerable portion of the lands
would pass into the possession of settlers under
the southern homestead law. If such be the
case, Mr. Speaker, who will regret it? Who
will be injured by such a result? Will it be the
nation ? The nation is interested in every acre
of land that is plowed and put under cultiva-
tion*^ that country; it is interested in every
house that is built, however rude, however
humble it may be; it is interested in dividing
up these lands into as many small farms as
there are settlers ready to take them; it is
interested in seeing the land of the South owned
by not one fourteenth of the people but by
nearly all the people ; and the whole country
covered with farms, school-houses, churches,
and a prosperous and intelligent population,
who shall contribute for their rich soil enormous
crops to swell the wealth of the civilized world,
but who shall contribute from their hearts a
still more precious crop—loyalty and love for
the great nation which shelters and protects
them.
I yield the remainder of my time to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Trimble.]
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
in addressing the House on this subject, I de-
sire to speak to it from a national stand-point.
I am a national man, a thoroughly national
man, and I desire to look at this matter solely
in that point of view. I wish not only to speak
but to vote on every question that is presented
here without any sectional bias, without regard
to the special interests of the North or South,
East or West. Such has been my position
heretofore, and such it is now. I regard the
country as a whole nation.
I am not satisfied, Mr. Speaker, with the
bill which has been reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. My instincts and my
intuitions rejected it as soon as it was intro-
duced. Some years ago the Congress of the
United States donated five million acres of
land to these States for railroad purposes. It
was either a wise donation or an unwise one.
I think it was a wise one. There can be no
better use made of the public lands, in my
opinion, than to divide them up and donate
them to railroad and to common school pur-
poses, especially to the latter. They soon
come into the possession of the settlers. I
deem this disposition of the public lands as a
wise one, not as affecting any section of the
country, but for the interest of the whole na-
tion. It is a great national measure. The
country, as a whole, is interested in the build-
ing of these railroads.
The bill reported from the Committee on
Public Lauds proposes to declare these grants
of lands forfieited, and to open the lands to
settlement in homesteads of forty acres. I
am not satisfied with the bill. As the matter
now stands, these lands are now forfeited, as
I understand it. and the title to them is now
in the United States. They were granted upon
the condition that those railroads should be
completed within ten years from the date of
the grants. That time has expired, and the
roads are not yet completed. The lands,
therefore, are forfeited, and the legal title to
them reverts to the United States; there is no
question of that; and there is no doubt of the
legal right and power of the Congress of the
United States to declare this forfeiture and to
devote these lands for another purpose. That
power I admit is clear; the legal right to do
so is very plain.
But the question now is, whether there is
not another and a higher view of this matter,
a more equitable view which we should take
of it. One of the first votes I gave in this
House was in favor of an extension of time,
asked for by the people of Wisconsin, or some
other northwestern State, for the completion
of some railroad, the name of which I have
forgotten ; and I expect to vote for such exten-
sions whenever they are asked for upon proper
and reasonable grounds.
These southern land grants are now forfeited.
The question is, what shall be done with them ?
What shall be the action of the Congress of
the United States under the circumstances?
What is for the best interest of the country ?
I think it is to leave these lands where they
are now, belonging to the United States, and
then to redonate them as Congress shall be
asked, if the request is made in a proper and
patriotic spirit. I think they should be re-
donated upon different terms from those upon
which they were donated before. If redonated
to those roads I think it should be upon a valu-
ation to be represented by stock in the roads,
which stock should be donated to the States
for the purpose of building up common schools
in those States. In that way you will accom-
plish the construction of the railroads, and
at the same time accomplish a much higher
object—the founding of free schools in the
South where they are most needed. I should
be loth to see these lands redonated to those
roads without some such equitable condition
attached to the grant. Those lands, if turned
over to the railroads, will increase the value of
their stock, the increased value of which will
go into the pockets of the stockholders, who
are still a stubborn rebel class of men. I am
unwilling to agree to any such disposition of
these lands; I am unwilling to grant benefits
to those who are now rebels, as a general
thing, as they have heretofore been rebels.
I would like to see this bill recommitted to
the Committee on Public Lands. Then when
a proper request is made to redonate these
lands to those States for railroad purposes, let
it be done with the condition that the value of
the land shall be represented by stock which
shall be devoted to establishing common schools
in those States. That, I think, would be the
best disposition we can make of these lands.
In that way we will secure the construction of
those roads, the Tennessee and Tallahassee rail-
road, for instance, which I understand is now
entirely completed, with the exception of an
interval of about one hundred miles. You
will secure the construction of the road from
New Orleans to Texas as well as other roads.
You will secure the construction of railroads
which will result in benefit to the whole na-
tion, and not for the South alone. The North
is interested in them; the East and the West
are interested in them ; every part of the
country is interested in the construction of
these railroads in the southern States.
Mr. Speaker, if I had time I might say
something upon other aspects of this question,
but I hardly deem it proper to do so now. I
hope this bill will be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and that they will
•report in favor of redonating these lands upon
the condition I have mentioned, that the value
of the lands shall be represented by stock of
