840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
the roads, which stock shall be donated to the
States respectively for common school pur-
poses ; a higher end than even the building of
railroads.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to make
some remarks upon this bill, chiefly because
it seems to me to be necessary to say something
upon the general subject of this kind of legis-
lation, as it relates not only to the South but to
ths North.
1 was very nroch pleased to hear the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Trimble.] who has
just taken his seat, say that he intended to
discuss this subject from a national point of
view. So do 1, sir; and I hope the House
generally is disposed to so consider this meas-
ure. I trust that some time or other in the
history of this country we shall stop legis-
lating with a view to benefit some one in par-
ticular.
The time must- come when we shall again
regard this whole country, from one end to the
other, as one country with common interests.
I believe, sir, that that time has already ar-
rived. While I shall go "as far as he who
goes the farthest" to secure the equal rights
of all men all over this broad land, I shall at
the same time endeavor to secure to every part
of the country all the benefits which it is fairly
entitled to receive from the Government of the
United States.
Now, sir, my chief objection to this measure
has been that it seemed to be introduced rather
with a feeling of unfriendliness toward the
South. Why, sir. there is now, as there always
has been, though it could not always be seen,
a loyal South. It is a growing element. It
looks to Congress for support and aid. It has
a right to expect it. I do not doubt that it
will receive it. On behalf of that loyal South
I to-day make my opposition to this bill. Seek-
ing the benefit of the very class which it pro-
foses to benefit I am opposed to the measure,
n my judgment its effect will be exactly the
reverse of that which the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands [Mr. Julian] seems to
anticipate.
Now, sir, this policy of granting land to aid
in the construction of railroads is well estab-
lished. For many years it has been the policy
of the Government to aid these enterprises by
donations of public lands. Whether this be a
wise or an unwise policy I do not propose to
discuss at any length. But, sir, this policy
rests upon the ground that the improvement
of the country by opening it to settlement
requires the building of railroads. These
are, as has been very well said here, the great
avenues for transacting the business of the
country.
By the growth of our railroad system every
other means of communication has been
dwarfed into insignificance. Congress has
sought to stimulate throughout the country
the building of railroads, and in so doing it
has, I think, acted wisely. At the same time,
while stimulating the building of railroads,
Congress has sought to secure the Govern-
ment against loss by doubling the price of the
even-numbered sections of land along the line
of these roads. This policy has been, abun-
dantly successful. Who does not understand
that when a railroad has been built the sections
of land retained by the Government are not
only doubled in value but are worth fourfold
what the whole of the land was worth before
the building of the road? Acting in view of
this fact, Congress has settled its line of policy.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
struggles earnestly and conscientiously against
this policy. I understand very well the ground
oil which he acts. In opposing these proposi-
tions he strikes at all alike, believing that the
principle is not a wise one. But, sir, this
principle, which is, in my judgment, wise, is
certainly well established. The question then
is, how should this principle be applied—where
should exceptions be made ?
And this brings me to my first objection to
this bill, which is that it makes the South an
exceptional case. It seems to declare that for
some reason or other the southern people shall
not be entitled to the advantages of this land-
grant policy. Why not, sir? These grants were
made not to individuals, either rebels or loyal
men, but to the States. Congress has taken
care, in all these grants, to make the States the
recipients of its bounty; and to the States has
been left the disposition of these lands. When
these grants of land were made to the southern
States the land, of course, went to the States,
to be disposed of by them. "But," says the
distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, " these States are dead ; they no
longer exist." I shall not quarrel with the gen-
tleman upon the question whether the political
bodies known as the States have expired or not;
for I do not regard that point as very material
in this discussion. At least the country is there ;
the land is there. If the States are dead the
people are not. Here are great populations
intended to be benefited by these roads; and
although the States may not be in existence,
still the people are in existence as much as
they ever were; and it is as much the duty of
Congress to take care of those people as 'it
would be if the States were still in existence.
But it is said by some gentlemen—and the
point seems to be regarded as of great weight—
that many of these people are rebels. 1 sup-
pose this is so. I ain very sorry it is so. But,
sir, these people are not all rebels. On the
contrary, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian] has himself said—and I was very glad
to hear the remark—that probably within six
weeks from this time the State of Alabama,
one of the States to lie affected by this bill^vill
have her Representatives on this floor to speak
for her.
Sir, I want to wait until she comes, and I
will listen to her when she speaks upon this
floor in behalf of a grant made for her benefit.
And she will speak, I have no doubt, in behalf
of the loyal people, black aud white.
Gentlemen say she does not ask. How can
she ask? She is voiceless here on this floor,
as every one of these States are. Why need
we hurry with this proposition? Why need
we press it forward with this unseemly haste?
Why not wait until these States come here to
speak for themselves. I do not know what
they think about it. I heard I he gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Thimble] say that he
spoke on this subject from a national point of
view. Ho comes from that country partly
interested in this, and knows something about
the frcedmen. I think his advice is worth
something. And as we have to wail so short
a period for the southern States to come back
I am disposed to do so.
I know, Mr. Speaker, it is under great dis-
advantages that we attempt to legislate for
States which have no Representatives here.
Our chief business has been, and is even now,
to look to the reconstruction of these States
and bring them back among us, so that we may
hear from them what is the best for that coun-
try where they dwell. I know well 110 gentle-
man can speak so well for my State as one
coming from there and knowing something of
the interests of the people of that State. So
it is with every State represented upon this
floor. When we undertake to legislate for the
South we do it out of the necessity of the case.
We acknowledge the South shall be recon-
structed, and I will go as far as the farthest to
make that reconstruction complete end perfect
as soon as possible, so they may have Repre-
sentatives here to speak for them.
Another proposition has been made here,
and it is in regard to homesteads. I make no
quarrel with the homestead law at all. I have
no opposition to the principle of the home-
stead law. But, sir, its benefits have been
greatly exaggerated. I will* say to my friend
from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] that no man
in the United States who was worth possessing
a farm or knew enough to manage it or to keep
it ever was poor because he could not get
land in the United States. Land has passed
from hand to hand. It has been nothing but
an article of common traffic.
I do not get frightened in the least when my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Cart] talks about land
monopoly. You cannot make a land monop-
oly in the United States with these millions of
acres of land unoccupied. When these rail-
roads get the land into their hands their firsl
effort is to part with it, and in doing so they
are more industrious than the United States.
And a few days ago I ran through the South-
west and every paper was full of advertise-
ments of plantations and farms for sale.
There is this unfortunate condition of freed-
men in question, but the freedman must make
it his first duty to take care of himself. That
is the great object of all our legislation, to
remove his bonds and to make him free, and
to give him the opportunity and the means to
take care of himself.
Now, do we not know—we who live in the
West, where homesteads are plenty and the
people are moving in great masses into the wil-
derness—that the difficulty is not to purchase
land, but to get the means for settling upon
that land and making a home of it? The new
price of eighty acres of land—$100—is small,
and few fail in this regard at all. The main
difficulty is otherwise than this; it is to be
capable of building a house, to get his farming
implements, and to remove his family out there,
to get himself into a neighborhood where he
will have the advantages of cheap transport-
ation. And let me say that for this purpose
these railroads are the first requisite.
I want to say a word in regard to the state-
ment that the men who build these railroads
will get rich. I do not know how it is else-
where, but in every solitary instance where I
know anything about them they are built long
before they pay, for they march straight off into
the wilderness.
A land-grant railroad is a pioneer. It marches
straight into the wilderness. The money has
got to be advanced and then the owners of
tlie road have got to wait a long time until the
country fills up and business conies to replace
the money in their pockets which they have paid
out in the first place. I believe it will be found
to be almost the universal rule that where arail-
road is built the country will settle, but until it
is built it cannot settle. And I believe in nine
cases out of ten the original stock of these land-
grant railroads is wholly sunk or lost. In many
cases I know it to be true. They use the lands,
take what subscriptions to the stock they can
get, and then go abroad and buy iron, giving
a mortgage upon the road therefor. Finally,
the whole stock, land grant and all, has to go.
Nevertheless the country is greatly benefited.
Nothing is of so much benefit to a new country
as the building of a railroad through it.
Now, sir, what I desire to urge upon this
House is the right of the people of the South
to be heard 011 this subject. I think it would
be better to recommit the bill and let it remain
with the committee and wait for the recon-
struction of these States, whioh I joyfully look
for soon. Everything tends in that direction.
I think we have the best reason to hope that
there will be loyal governments in the south-
ern States very shortly, and when that time
arrives there will be no need of gentlemen
being afraid that we shall benefit the rebels.
Mr. JULIAN. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. J ULIAN. I desire to remind the gen-
tleman that I agree with him thoroughly that
llie loyal people of Alabama and these other
States ought to be heard; but there has been
nothing said on this floor indicating an indis-
position on the part of anybody to hear them
at the proper time and renew their grants on
proper conditions. But the question presented
by this bill relates to present forfeiture of the
lands granted to these States in I80O, so that
they may be opened up to settlement; and I
desire to call the gentleman's attention to this
fact, that of the three million acres of public
land in Louisiana yine hundred thousand are
