1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
covered by one of these land grants, and that j
there are not more than one hundred thousand
neres of land outside of that grant in Louisiana
fit for homesteads. The object of this bill is
to subject these lands to settlement and tillage
in the interest of those who need them, reserv-
ing lor the judgment of Congress any applica-
tion that may be made hereafter, when Ala-
bama and Louisiana shall be restored as States,
for the renewal of these land grants.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Speaker, it is true the
gentleman did say in his opening speech to the
House that he was willing to receive applica-
tions for a renewal of these grants. But it '
seems to me idle for gentlemen to go on and
destroy these grants upon the principle which
t lie gentleman advocated in order that the lands
might be taken up for homesteads, and then
six weeks afterward listen to applications for
a renewal. To what end should that be done?
It is true, as has been said, that the forfeiture
has already attached, but the forfeiture is not
complete until the passage of this bill, else the
gentleman would not have introduced the bill
at all. The object of the bill, of course, is to
insist upon the forfeiture of these lands to the
United States. If the Government does not
insist upon it, then nothing is accomplished.
We have never heretofore so insisted.
Mr. J ULIAN. We hare never heretofore
insisted upon such forfeiture, because we have
never had such a rebellion. I dare say if Michi-
gan, for instance, had rebelled, having first
received a rich land grant and treated it with
contempt by waging war against this Govern- ,
ment, we would have declared the grant for- j
feited without much delay, especially if multi-
tudes of loyal poor had asked it for homesteads. I
It is not discriminating against the South but 1
discriminating itt favor of loyalty until such
time as loyal men can be heard on the subject
through their proper representatives.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to make myself under-
stood. I did not undertake to say that the
question of loyalty was really involved in this
measure. But the act stands until there is a
loyal body to take the lands. I do not want to
strike out the grant while there is no loyal body
to accept it. inasmuch as there will be one
shortly coming to claim it. In the meantime
a portion of it will be used and the grant will
become substantially valueless. But however
that may be, I submit that inasmuch as the
gentleman himself has told us he expected there
would be a loyal body here shortly asking for
these grants, we had better wait for that loyal
body to come. That is the very question that
is in dispute between us. I want to wait until
a loyal body is ready to receive the lands and
not to take advantage of the fact that the rebel-
lion has destroyed the power of the States to
act in this respect.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that this bill
goes a good deal too far. Will the gentleman
allow rebels to take these homesteads? Of
course they will take them, and there was no
worse rebel element in the South than the poor
white population. I have heard it said here
to-day that the principal rebel element in the
South was the aristocracy there. They perhaps
gave rise to the rebellion and managed it, but
the most, venemous and determined rebels we
had to meet in the field were those rebels who
were poor, and degraded, and ignorant, and
carried the arms and fought the battles of the
South. They form to-day a large proportion
of the landless poor of the South, and they
will get the benefit of these homesteads. Does
the gentleman propose to stop that ? The other
day we repealed the tax upon cotton and the
House is insisting strenuously upon that, as I
believe they ought to do, for the purpose of
relieving the industry of the South. Will not
the rebels raise cotton and will we not benefit
the great body of the rebels by that measure?
Assuredly we shall. But if a rebel will stop
his rebellion and go to raising cotton, in God's
name let him raise as much as he likes. That is
the way I feel about it. I propose that the laws
of this Government shall be made with refer-
ence to the whole people, and if any one is to
be punished and kept from engaging in the in-
dustry of the country let it be done directly, and
let us know who it is and for what reason it is.
We cannot stop here, in passing upon measures
to ask ourselves whether some rebel or other
will not get some benefit under the general laws
that we pass.
Mr. JULIAN. One further question. The
gentlemau propounds a question as to what
will become of these lands if we declare the
forfeiture now, inasmuch as the railroad com-
panies may hereafter want the lands, and in
the meantime they may have been taken as
homesteads. I desire in reply to ask the gen-
tleman a question, and it is the paramount
question as to what in the meantime is to be-
come of the thousands of landless poor in the
South who want homes now, and are to be
postponed in the interest of rebel corporations
who at this moment hold these lands in their
clutches and have done since June, 1866? I
submit to the gentleman that the larger inter-
est of the loyal multitude should prevail over
the smaller interest of a few rebel capitalists.
Let these corporations look to Congress here-
after for proper grants, or for such other aid
from the Government as may be proper. Their
own act has brought them into such a dilemma,
and we cannot visit its consequences upon the
unoffending poor.
Mr. PILE. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair] let me sug-
gest that there are millions of acres of land
now open to homestead settlement in the
South at the graduated prices, running down
to twelve and a half cents an acre.
A Member. Where are they ?
Mr. PILE. Scattered through all these
States named in the bill. Let me suggest fur-
ther that they cannot get labor in the South
now to till the land already occupied and that
has been under cultivation. The want of the
South is not land, but labor and capital and
means of transportation. That is what is
needed. Land is abundant and cheap ; land
that has been cultivated ; land that has houses
on it; land that has been fenced; land that is
ready to till; and what they want in the South
is reconstruction, loyal governments, labor and
capital; it is not land.
Mr. JULIAN. Allowme to answer that.
Mr. BLAIR. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from Missouri for answering the question
for me.
Mr. JULIAN. I want to say to the gentle-
man from Missouri that he is mistaken in a
matter of fact. It is true there is a large quan-
tity of unappropriated public lands in these
States 
Mr. PILE. State how much.
Mr. JULIAN. Something over forty mil-
lion acres in all, but I state, on the authority of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
that by far the greater proportion of it is worth-
less for tillage, and that the landless poor are
an overwhelming majority there. The whole of
the land in these land States, outside of the
towns and cities, is held by one fifteenth of the
people ; fourteen fifteenths, according to the
census of 1860, are at the mercy of the one
fifteenth who own the land. As to buying lands
at low prices there under the graduation laws 1
have only to say that those laws have been
repealed.
Let me say further, that the rebels of these
States deny to the poor the opportunity to buy
land, and compel them to labor on the great
estates at such prices as their rapacity exacts.
Mr. BLAIR. I was going to reply to the
gentleman that what I have been urging all the
while was in answer to what he said; that is,
that I want to hear from the representatives of
those people just what the truth is about this
matter before I cast my vote upon it.
I understand that there are some forty mil-
lion acres of public lands in the southern States
outside of these grants. Therefore, the five
million acres covered by this bill is but a small
portion of the great body of public lands in the
southern States. And I repeat, what I said
before, that I do not believe there is a solitary
person in the South who really desires land
who cannot get it.
Mr. ARNELL. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. ARNELL. I ask the Clerk to read a
communication from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, which I send up to his
desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department or the Interior,
General Land Office.
January 22,1868.
Sir : In answer to the inquiry in your letter of this
date, I have the honor to state that at the closo of
the fiscal year ending on the30th Juneliist the quan-
tity of pnblic land.remaining undisposed of and sub-
ject to homestead ontry in tlio States of Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida was
as follows, namely: in Alabama, 0,015,000 acres;
Mississippi, 4,930,OOOacrcs; Louisiana,6,582,000acres;
Arkansas, 11,757,000 acres; and Florida, 17,5J0,000
acres. There aro no public lands of the United States
in Texas.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON,
Commistioner.
Hon. S. M. Aknell, House of Hepreeentativo.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 am very much obliged to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnei.l.] It
appears, then, most conclusively, that what I
have been saying is true—that none of tho
landless poor of the South, black or white,
need seek in vain for a homestead if lie really
wants one. There are more than forty-five
million acres of public lands in the South
open to homestead settlement; nearly seven
millions in Alabama, nearly five millions in
Mississippi, six and a half millions in Louisi-
ana, over eleven and a half millions in Arkan-
sas, and over seventeen and a half millions in
Florida. There can, therefore, be no difficulty
in this regard; there is land for homesteads
everywhere.
And I say again, what I said before, that it
is not so much land that the poor man wants
as the ability to go upon it and work it. There
are great populations swarming in the large
cities all over the land—idle, thriftless, a great
many of them to some degree criminal—who
ought to go out upon the lands of the country
and become producers. But they are either
too idle to go or too poor to get there.
Although the homestead law is a good law
and furnishes a great many people with homes,
yet in a great many instances that law is of no
benefit to the person who should have a home-
stead.
Now, if these facts are true, can we not wait
for the consideration of this question until these
States are represented upon this floor, and then
take it up aud consider it carefully in all its
magnitude?
Some suggestions have been made by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Trimble] in
regard to these land grants in connection with
public schools in the southern States. It is
quite possible something may be done in that
direction. Most assuredly I will go a great
deal further to establish free schools in the
South than to give homesteads to the people
there. I know very well that if you take an
ignorant man and send him to school and give
him some education he will obtain a homestead
whether you give onQ or not. A school is
a much greater means of advancement for a
people than is a homestead or a railroad,
although a railroad is very important also in
that connection.
Mr. Speaker, I have said much more and occu-
pied much more time than I thought of doing
when I rose. I will now yield the floor to any
gentleman who desires it.
Mr. COBURN ftbtained the floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Coburn] to yield to
me, that I may have read for the information
of the House an amendment which I desire to
offer when the opporfunity shall arise.
Mr. COBURN. I will yield to the gentle
man for that purpose.
