1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
in utter contempt of the pleadings and proofs in
the case and in palpable violation of law and
justice.
Also, a memorial of manufacturers of Wis-
consin, in favor of the reduction of taxation on
articles of necessity.
Also, a memorial of manufacturers of Wis-
consin, for a change in the manner of appoint-
ing civil officers of the Government.
By Mr. JUDD: The petition of Henry H.
Cuppy and wife, for a pension.
By Mr. KELSEY: The petition of Fagin &
Co., and others, citizens of Newark, New Jer-
sey, asking Congress to make an appropriation
to improve the Passaic.
By Mr. KNOTT: The petition for the relief
of George W. Sweeney, late major of the thir-
teenth regiment Kentucky volunteer cavalry.
By Mr. McCAllTHY : The petition of sev-
eral citizens of the town of Willetts, for estab-
lishing a post road from Marathon to Smithville
Flats, New York.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Israel S.
Adams, collector of the port of Great Egg
Harbor, Xew Jersey, for increase of salary.
By Mr. SCHENCIv : Proceedings of a meet-
ing and resolutions adopted by citizens of Day-
ton, Ohio, in relation to the rights of American
citizens abroad.
By Mr. SELYE: A memorial of soap and
candle manufacturers of the city of Rochester,
New York, askiug a modifiation of the revenue
law in respect to those articles.
IN SENATE. ;
Thursday, January 30, 1868. j
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D. j
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
IIOrSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. II. No. 344) to incorporate the
Washington Target-Shooting Association, in
the District of Columbia, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
The bill i H. R. No. 450) to regulate the
deposits of the public moneys was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of freed-
men of Shelby county, Alabama, praying a
removal of the civil disabilities imposed upon
N. B. Mardis by acts of Congress ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of freedmen of
Shelby county, Alabama, praying the removal
of the civil disabilities imposed upon Amos
M. Elliot; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of freedmen of
Shelby county. Alabama, praying the removal
of the civil disabilities imposed upon Samuel
Leeper and James T. Leeper by acts of Con-
gress; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Massachusetts, praying that a pension be
granted to Jacob Weed, a soldier in the war
of 1812; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented papers relating to tlie
claim of James H. Viser, for services rendered
as keeper of the records and files of the Pon-
totoc land office in Mississippi; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. NYE presented five petitions of citizens
of Colorado, praying the admission of that Ter-
ritory into the Union as a State; which were
referred to the Committee on Territories.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mrs. N. V. Hewlitt
be taken from the tiles of the Senate and be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Mar-
garet A. Laurie, praying compensation for
property destroyed by the United States forces I
in the District of Columbia, submitted an ad- ;
verse report; which was ordered to be printed. :
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William J. Black-
istone, praying compensation for services ren-
dered under an appointment of a special agent
of the Treasury as board of trade for all that
part of St. Mary's county, Maryland, north of
the parallel of Great Mills, from January 1,
1863, to April 15, 1865, submitted an adverse
report: which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Frances S. Richard-
son, widow of Major General I. B. Richardson,
praying compensation for property stolen from
her husband by the Apache Indians while he
was stationed at Fort Webster, New Mexico,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 302) for the relief of the heirs of the late
Major General I. B. Richardson, deceased.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Robert P. Parrott, asking increased
compensation for an iron light-house con-
structed at Cape Canaveral, Florida, under a
contract made in December, I860, the work
thereon having been suspended at the request
of the Government, reported a bill (S. No.
303) for the relief of li. P. Parrott; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Milton B. Duffield, praying to b 
compensated for expenses incurred in tlie dis-
charge of his duties as United States marshal
I in the Territory of Arizona, submitted an ad-
|' verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of officers and pri-
vates of the twenty-first New York cavalry,
j praying for extra compensation for the reason
that they were mustered out of service in Utah,
1 and were compelled to travel near two thou-
! sand miles, and for transportation and subsist-
i; ence to their homes had received but eighty-
j four dollars, submitted an adverse report; j
i which was ordered to be printed. !
" Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 290) to establish and declare
! the railroad and bridges of the New Orleans,
|| Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company,
as hereafter constructed, a post road, and for
' other purposes, reported it witl\ amendments.
! He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R. No.
132) in regard to the construction of section
ten of the act approved March 2, 1867, entitled
| "An act making appropriations for sundry
! j civil expenses of the Government for the year
l! ending June 30, 1868, and for other purposes,"
I , reported it with an amendment.
j| Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 167) granting lands to the State of
Oregon to aid in the construction of a military
wagon road from the navigable waters of Coos
bay to Roseburg, in said State, reported it with
amendments.
district business.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That th« Senate will to-morrow, after
the expiration of the morning hour, proceed to the
consideration of bills upon the Calendar relating to
the District of Columbia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must object to the pres-
ent consideration of the resolution. My friend
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,] from
the Committee on Retrenchment, has an im-
portant bill, which he desires to get up. It has
been reported some days.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to the consideration of the resolu-
tion, it goes over under the rule.
Mr. HARLAN subsequently said: The Sen-
ator who objected to the consideration of the
resolution offered by me acted under a misap-
prehension. I therefore move that it be taken
up for consideration now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution offered by the Senator from Iowa will be
taken up, if there be no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand the resolu-
tion is to fix to-morrow for District business
instead of to-day. I have no objection to it if
that be the case.
The resolution was agreed to.
justices of tiie peace in washington.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be respectfully requested to inform the Senate how
many justices of the peace are now in commission in
each ward respectively of the city of Washington.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not suppose the Presi-
dent of the United States knows how they are
distributed around over the city. They are not
appointed by wards.
The resolution was considered, and agreed to.
BOUNDARY OF COLORADO.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories bo
instructed to consider the propriety of reporting a
bill changingthe northern boundary of Colorado Ter-
ritory from the forty-first degree of latitude to the
forty-second degree of latitude, adding one degree to
the limits of said Territory.
bills introduced.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
304) to provide for holding terms of the Uni-
ted States district court for the western district
of Missouri at St. Joseph, in said State ; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to tha
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a_bill (S.
No. 305) granting aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Union
Pacific railroad to Idaho, Portland, (Oregon,)
Montana, and Puget's Sound; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the Pacific railroad, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 306) for the protection in
certain ca^es of persons making disclosure as
parties or testifying as witnesses; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
GOVERNMENT AGENTS.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, of New
Hampshire, the bill (S. No. 269) in addition to
an act entitled " An act regelating the tenure
of certain civil offices" was read a secondtimc,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
am instructed by the Committee on Retrench-
ment to move to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause of this bill and insert as a substi-
tute what I send to the Chair.
The Secretary read the proposed substitute,
as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate, &c., Tliat the act en-
titled "An act regulating the tenure of certain eivil
offices," passed March 2,18ti7, is hereby so extended
that after ten days from the passage of this act no
general or special agent, by whatevername'or desig-
nation he may be known, of the President, or of any
of the departments, bureaus, or branches of the
Government, nor any inspector of internal revenue
authorized by the act of June 30, lS(i4, shall be ap-
pointed, commissioned, employed, or continued in
office, except such as are duly authorized by statute#
specifying the character and salaries of the agents so
authorized to be employed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the term of
offiee of all such general and speoial agents and
inspectors now authorized as aforesaid, lawfully em-
ployed at the time of the passago of this act, shall
expire ten days after such passage. And hereafter
every such agent shall bo appointed by the President,
with tbe advice and consent of tlio Senate; but such
asrency or employment maybe discontinued at the
pleasure of the Pre?ident.
Sec. 3. And be \t further enacted. That there may
be appointed in the manner aforesaid in tbe Treas-
ury Department, as occasion may require, general
and special agents of the customs, not exceeding
twenty-fivo in number, who shall reeeivo a com-
