846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
pensation not exceeding six dollar? a day. together
nidi a suitable allowance for traveling expenses by
wav ot'iniltMsre or reimbursement ot actual expend-
iture.- ill uie perlormauceot' tlu'specilic duties Iciiti-
uiatt'b pcrtahiiiiR to Mich aiteiicie*.
Sro. 4. if '"urtt.rr • That the Secre-
tary of tIto Treasury shall have power to appoint
agents, as uow prowdci hj law ami tor wluch ail
appropriation has leon made, not exceeding thirty
in number, whose duty ir shall be to aid in the pre-
vention ami detection of the counterfeiting ot cur-
rency note? and bonds of the I'nitetl State's; ami that
the rostmasu-r lionet.il shall have power to appoint
ajents lint exceeding twenty, as now provided l>y
U* aud tor which an appiopnation has been made,
whose duty it shall bo to promote tlio efficiency and
prevent abuse m the postal scivice of tao I mted
States. It <hall be the duly of the Secretary of the
Treasury and of the Postmaster General to report to
l onirress. at the beginning of each session, the num-
ber of such agents employed, the expense, locality,
nature, and amount of tin ir scr\ ices. They shall bo
paid out of money -peciiu-al,y appropriated for this
purpose.
Sl'c. \ Anjb* It farthrr ennctcd, Thatth^cnalties
provided in said act regulating the tenure of certain
civil offices shall be mtorced in ease of any viola-
tion of this ait. so far as they may be applicable.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
have no Je>ire to take tip the time o:' the Sen-
ate in any discussion of this bill. I will say
simply that the first section dispenses with the
sen-ices of all that class of a.sents who are
appointed without any act specifying the char-
acter and salaries of the agents. They are
appointed, first, under the sixth section of the
act of May 8, 1792, which reads as follows:
"That the Secretary of the Treasury shall direct
the superintendence of the collection of the duties on
imports and tonnage as he shall judge best."
And, also, the twenty-fir^t section of the act
of March 2, 17'J'J, which reads as follows:
'* And shall at all timessubmit their books, papers,
and accounts to the inspection of such persons.n may
be appointed for that purpose; and the'aid collectors
sbali. at all times, pay to the order of the officer who
shall be authorized to direct the payment thereof the
whole of the moneys which they may respectively
receive by virtue of this act."
And also the act of 1840. These acts have
been construed as giving the Secretary of the
Treasury the authority without limit to appoint
agents. It is thought that the service may
dispense with all this class of officers without
detriment, and a large amount be saved to the
Treasury.
The second section provides that all that class
of officers who are appointed by statute speci-
fying the character and salary of the agent3
shall be dispensed with, but that their places
may lie filled by the consent of the Senate.
The third section provides for the appoint-
ment of twenty-five general and special agents
of the customs, who, it is thought, will be needed
to look after that branch of the public service.
The fourth section provides for the appoint-
ment of thirty agents, whose duty it shall be
to aid in the prevention and detection of the
counterfeiting of currency, notes, and bonds
of the United States; and also gives permis-
sion to the Postmaster General to appoint a
number of agents not exceeding twenty, whose
duty it shall be to promote the efficiency and
prevent abuse in the postal service of the United
States, and these are to be paid by appropria-
tions made specifically for this purpose.
The number of agents who have been ap-
pointed under the acts of 1702,1799, and 184(5,
is very indefinite. At one time the number has
been quite limited; at another time it has been
very large. As near as I can ascertain at the
Department, the passage of this bill will save
directly to the Treasury between three and four
hundred thousand dollars annually. Howmuch
it will save indirectly it is impossible to say.
If all the charges which have been brought
against this class of officers are true the amount
saved to the country will extend to millions.
It would seem that these men have been ap-
pointed simply to gratify political or personal
friends in many instances, having but very little
or nothing to do for the Government; and it
is charged by many that those appointed under
the internal revenue laws have become rather
the agents of the whisky trade than agents of
the Government; that instead of saving money
to the country they are taking money out of
the Government and out of the people of the j
country. There is now under arrest at Chi- '
cago one ofthese agents, who collected $10,000
in the way of black mail upon n citizen of Chi-
cago; ami a gentleman whose relations to the
internal revenue are such as to entitle his opin-
ion to great weight told me that that man had
made between thirty-five and fifty thousand
dollars within twenty-six days in this way.
Another of these agents secured $10,000 within
five days after his appointment, collecting it as
blaek mail upon persons who were required to
pay internal tax. But, sir, I have no desire to
extend the discussion.
Mr. HARLAN. I observe in the bill no
provision for special agencies for the internal
department. I would suggest to my friend from
New Hampshire that it would be exceedingly
difficult for the Secretary of the Interior to
perform some of the duties that are imposed
on him by law without authority to appoint
agents. Take the service connected with the
Pension Office for example; agents are ap-
pointed now to prevent frauds, and by means of
them frauds are prevented and money saved
to the Treasury. The General Land Office is
compelled occasionally to have agents to pre-
vent depredations on timber. This duty is
usually performed, I believe, by the register
and receiver of the proper land office or by the
surveyor general, but nevertheless they are
appointed as agents of the Department to at-
tend to that dutv.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do they have extra
pay?
Mr. HARLAN. They are paid extra for the
extra service under some provision of law. The
Commissioner of Indian Affairs is occasionally
compelled to appoint special agents to perform
duties imposed on him by law. I think that
defect in the bill ought to be provided for. I
sympathize in the object of the bill, but I pre-
fer that the consideration of it should go over
one day in order that that defect may be pro-
vided for.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am satisfied
that this bill is designed to correct and will cor-
rect a very great abuse ; but it is a kind of bill
that ought to receive the most careful consid-
eration. It will be utterly impossible for the
Secretary of the Treasury to efficiently perform
his duties and look after the revenue in all
parts of the country, both from customs and
internal taxes, with the number of officers that
are here allowed. I know quite a number of
the officers that are entrusted with this duty
who are certainly men of character, and are
performing their duties to the acceptance not
only of the Department but of the public. It
is very important that these officers should not
be generally known where they are performing
their duties for the moment. Where they are
known they are watched; and it is extremely
difficult for them to be successful in ferreting
out any frauds. It is so in the case of the Post
Office Department. It is necessary that there
should be some secret agents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill provides for
twenty.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
number allowed for the internal revenue and
for the customs is too small. I understand,
however, there is an amendment that remedies
to some extent the defect to which I allude.
Mr. CONKLING. To what number does
the Senator refer?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Twenty-five,
as I read it here.
Mr. CONKLTNG. In which section?
Mr. MORRILL,of Vermont. Section three.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. The
number there is simply for the customs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is an-
other objection I have that some of these agents
are now receiving but four dollars a day and
their traveling expenses, but this raises their
compensation to six dollars. Some of them, I
believe, are receiving a higher compensation,
but there are some engaged in the internal rev-
enue department who are only receiving four
dollars a day and traveling expenses.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from New Hampshire how many
agents he allows to the Post Office Department;
1 perceive there is a blank there.
Mr. PAT TERSON, of New Hampshire. Not
exceeding twenty. I will say 1 have seen the
Postmaster General this morning, and he told
me that last year they employed only sixteen;
they have been obliged to increase them during
the present year some; but twenty, 1 think, will
be ample to cover all the wants of that Depart-
ment. I will say to the Senator from Vermont
that the second section does not limit the num-
ber of the agents who may be employed by the
Treasury Department; it only requires that they
should be confirmed by the Senate, so that such
rascals as have been sometimes employed here-
after may not leap through into the service of
Government. That is the only design of the
bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would inquire of the
Senator who has charge of this bill if there is
any statement accessible showing the number
of the agents now employed by the Treasury
Department and the amount of compensation
which they receive, and which will be removed
by the operation of this bill if it becomes a
law. I suppose that the object of this bill
must be to save the expenditure of the public
money, and I am not advised as to the facts
about it, and should like to hear what they are.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Under the twentieth section of the act of March
3, 1803, it is provided that the Secretary of the
Treasury may appoint not exceeding three rev-
enue agents, and under section four of the act
of March 3, 1805, ten revenue agents are pro
vided for. Under section five of the act of
July 13, 1800, an indefinite number of inspect-
ors of revenue is provided for. The number
has been various. The greatest number em-
ployed between any two dates is three hundred
and sixteen.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to inquire of
the Senator if he has taken into consideration
the habit of our Government since the admin-
istration of Washington to employ agents of
the State Department who are not particularly
described in any statute, and who are paid out
of the contingent fund.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. We
have taken into account the agents of that char-
acter employed by all the Departments, and we
have thought it a general and crying evil, be-
cause the number employed has been very great,
and perhaps in nine cases out of ten they have
had little or nothing to do but to draw their
salary and attend to politics, and they have
been made political agents rather than agents
of the Government for any useful purpose.
There is no reason why, if such agents are
necessary for the service of the Government,
they should not be appointed by some specific
statute, limiting the number and determining
their duties and salary.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that if the Senator
inquires into the practice of the Government ha
will find that such agents have been very often
appointed summarily from the necessity of the
case.
Mr. GRIMES. What to do ?
Mr. SUMNER. To have conference with
foreign Governments, to hold communication
with foreign Governments.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Bishop Hughes
and Mr. Everett and Thurlow Weed were sent
abroad.
Mr. CHANDLER. And McCracken.
Mr. SUMNER. Gentlemen refer to certain
individuals. By way of answering their inquiry
I will send to the desk a letter which I have
received from the Secretary of State on this
subject. I received it yesterday, and it is an
answer, I think, to the inquiry. I should like
to have it read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Department of Stats,
Washington, January 28,1868.
Sib: It is to be hoped that the bill which, it i 
understood, has been introduced into the Senate, pro-
hibiting the appointment of special agents and ter-
minating the functions of such agents as may now
be employed, is not intended to apply to agents of
that cnafacter in connection with foreign affairs. If
it were to embrace them it would not only creata
