1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
great embarrassment in the management of those
affairs, but would often make the transaction of im-
portant public business impracticable. Special asrents
tor torenrn affairs have been, more or less, employed
by every Administration from that of Washington
to the pie^ent tituo. Washington himself sent Gov-
erneur Morris to London as a special agent. The
occasion torsueh agents cannot be anticipated. They
often depend upon emergencies which may suddenly
arise, and require an appointment not only prompt
but « ne where the tact of the appointment and the
name of the person appointed must not, if success is
to be expected, be made public. Special agents in
connection with foreign affairs ore usually regarded
a* officers, under the law of nation*. They are em-
ployed by all Governments. Though not expressly
authorised by an^act of Congress, their employment
has always been indirectly sanctioned, for from tho
formation of the Government there has been an
annual appropriation for the contingent expenses of
foreign intercourse, from which appropriation the
compensation and expenses of such agents are paid,
without, it is believed, material objection. There is
special legislation by Congress upon the subject of the
accounts for this appropriation, evidently in contem-
plation of the employment of special agents.
Some of the most important treaties of the United
States have been concluded by special agents, and
could not easily have been negotiated by any other
officer.
I have the honor to be. sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Hon. Charlies Sumner, Chairman of the Committee on
Foreign lielattoH*y Catted States Senctfe.
Mr. SUMNER. That letter, I think, is an
answer to the inquiry which has been addressed
to me. When I read this bill it occurred to
me that, while in its general provisions it was
well founded, possibly the committee had not
taken into consideration the usage of the Gov-
ernment in the conduct of our foreign affairs.
Therefore I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will excuse me if I propose an
amendment to come in at the end of the first
section as a proviso:
Provided, That this shall not interfere with persons
employed by the Department of State, and paid out
of the contingent fund of the Department.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
asks if the amendment should not speak of
'• the secret service fund.'' It does not go in
the statutes under the name of "the secret
service fund." It is described as ''the con-
tingent fund.''
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
think it would be desirable to limit the number.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator will
see that it is limited by the contingent fund.
There must be an appropriation in order to
sustain any such agency, and such appropria-
tions have been made from the beginning of
the Government.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
What is the amount of that contingent fund
generally?
Mr. SUMNER. I think in the last bill it was
$50,000. During the war it was more, and the
Senate is aware that there were a great many
agents abroad during the war who were paid
out of that contingent fund. I sympathize
entirely with the object of this bill, but I am
anxious that a standing practice of the Govern-
ment, sustained by the best precedents under
the best administration, should not be interfered
with without full consideration. If Congress
is determined to cut off the contingent expenses
of the State Department, and thereby practi-
cally to say that there shall be no agents em-
ployed abroad except those who have already
been nominated by the President and confirmed
by the Senate—if you are ready to take that
ground—that is another question ; but the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire makes no such prop-
osition. I think, therefore, that the proviso
which I move will not interfere with the gen-
eral principle of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. It is natural that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts should be very care-
ful of the foreign department of the Govern-
ment of the United States; and I should like
to inquire of him and ascertain whether he can
give me the information about how many secret
agents of the State Department there have been
in circulation on the face of the globe during
the last four or five years ?
Mr. SUMNER. I wish I could answer the
inquiry of the Senator, but I say frankly I can-
not. I have no information on the subject.
Mr. HOWARD. According to my appre-
hension, they have been very numerous, and
in many cases very mischievous also, and I do
not feel, for one, extremely liberal at present in
reference to the employment of secret agents
of the State Department. I do not know who
they are or how numerous they may have been.
I have been told that they have been very
numerous, and that our own body has not been
deprived of the honor of furnishing one, at
least, of those secret agents to foreign Govern-
ments. There seems to be a darkness hover-
ing over the whole subject, into which I should
be glad to see some little light poured by the
honorable Senator the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, if he is able to
do it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator, when he char-
acterizes them as "secret agents," practically
answers his own inquiry. How can we dis-
close the name of a secret agent ? The very
fact that the agency is conducted in secrecy
must necessarily prevent the disclosure of the
name. The Senate is perfectly aware that
there is a system of accounts at the Treasury
Department by which all the expenditures un-
der this head are thoroughly vouched. It is
' known there how every dollar goes, but those
accounts are not disclosed to the world, and I
doubt whether the Senate is at this moment
disposed to take the step of requiring that all
secret agents of the Government shall have
their names published to the world and all
their accounts disclosed.
A Senator near me inquires whether one Mc-
Cracken has his name on this list. I wish I
could answer that question. After all the in-
quiry that has been made on both sides of the
Atlantic down to this day, " Who is Mc-
Cracken ?'' I have seen as yet no answer. I be-
. lieve that he is a mythical character.
Mr. CONKLING. Was he not sent abroad
under this power as it stands now?
Mr. SUMNER. I wish I could answer that.
I cannot; but when I say that I think he is a
mythical character, perhaps that is an answer.
I doubt whether he ever existed.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator believe
that the letter-purporting to come from Mc-
Cracken was a forgery ?
Mr. SUMNER. Well, I know nothing about
it. I have always supposed that it was some-
thing akin to a forgery; if not a positive for-
gery, that it came from well, I know not.
There is something inexplicable about it.
Mr. GRIMES. Can the Senator inform us
who put the letter afloat?
Mr. SUMNER. The letter was communi-
cated to the Senate by the President of the
United States. It was put afloat by the head
of this Government, and acting on it he tried
to discredit before the world one of the most
distinguished citizens of this Republic,
Mr. CONKLING. If I may be allowed to
make a suggestion, I will say that the appre-
hension which this statement gives rise to in
my mind is that under this power as it stands
not only real persons, but myths, fictitious,
fabulous persons, ghosts, as the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] suggests, are sent
abroad. If that be so, it ought at least to be
so limited that there will be only persons in
,i flesh and blood who go ; persons who have "a
local habitation and a name."
j Mr. SUMNER. I will accept the Senator's
amendmentif hewill reduce itto legible shape.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think I can furnish some
information on this subject, although it is in-
formation in the possession of all other Sena-
tors, but they seem to have forgotten it. The
whole amount of secret service money appro-
priated was only $20,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts says $30,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; it was cut down to
$20,000 at the last session by a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. We cut it down to $20,000,
but I think it was finally left at $50,000".
Mr. GRIMES. It was cut down in the Sen-
ate to $20,000, but it was restored in the com-
mittee of conference to $50,000,
Mr. ANTHONY. And very properly, I
think, for I cannot conceive of a Government
as large as this going on with less than $-30,000
of a secret service fund.
Mr. JOHNSON. If it is the intention of the
Senate to prevent what we may consider a
mischievous practice on the part of the State
Department, the true way is to do away with
the secret fund altogether; but I think the
Senate would doubt a great while before they
would come to that conclusion. It seems to
me, as proved by the history of the United
States and proved by the history of every other
Government, that it is necessary at certain
periods that there should be what are called
secret agents abroad—agents whose names are
not to be known except to the Government
which sends them out. It is very easy to
imagine reasons for such a practice; and the
United States have from the beginning of the
Government to the present hour observed that
practice, and very beneficially at times.
Whether the present Secretary of State or the
present Administration has abused it in certain
instances is a matter which in no manner, as I
think, interferes with the question whether it
is not true policy that there should be a power
in the Government to have the services of such
agents. I should, therefore, very much regret
to have a law enacted requiring that these
agents shall be nominated by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, for if so no one of them could be abroad
without the nations to which they were sent
knowing that they stood in an official relation
to the Government of the United States.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I think it
would be much better to dispense altogether
with this system of secret agencies and spies.'
I cannot imagine what they are sent abroad
for. This Government has no secrets from the
world in any of its diplomacy. We are sup-
posed to send our most intelligent men abroad
to negotiate with foreign Governments, and wo
are in the habit of requiring all their corre-
spondence to be laid before the public. It
seems to me that this secret-service fund is
merely a little patronage for somebody who
may happen to bo in the State Department and
who may have a love for small intrigues.
We are carrying this system all over our
Government. During the war you could hardly
move without having a spy beside you. and it
is so now. I think one of the great errors of
our revenue system is that you trust the inter-
ests of the Government to a parcel of inen
who have no reputation, who have no charac-
ter, and who are unknown to the public. They
do what they please and commit all sorts of
offenses.
This practice of sending spies to other Gov-
ernments commenced, I believe, in the bar-
barism of the middle ages. It was common
in the time of the Charles, Elizabeth, and
Henrys of England. In the beginning of our
Government I know public opinion was against
it, and all of our statesmen, Mr. Jefferson
especially, were opposed to the system, and I
should like to see it disposed of now. I will
never vote, if I know it, for any appropriation
for that purpose. I should like to get rid of
the whole thing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment to the
amendment to add the following proviso:
Provided, That this shall not interfere with persons
employed by the Department of State and paid out
of the contingent fund of the Department.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to look into this
bill. My attention was not directed to it until
yesterday. I move that it be postponed until
to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
postponed without a motion, the hour having
arrived for the consideration of the order of
the day.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
give notice that I shall ask a vote on this bill
to-morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose the amend-
ment ought to be printed.
