848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
■will be made if there be no objection.
order of business.
Mr. SUMXER. I should like, with the con-
sent of my friend from New Hampshire, [Mr.
CuAiTix',] who has the floor, to appeal to the
Senate to take a vote on the resolution reported
unanimously from the Committee on Foreign
Relations the other day. I do not desire to
say a word upon it. It has been read and dis-
cussed. I merely wish to discharge my duty
to the committee and to the Senate and bring
the matter to a close. I do not wish to say a
word about it. I merely ask that the Senate
will vote upon it
Mr. C U AG IN. If it can be acted upon
without giving rise to debate I have no personal
objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to say a word
upon it. It is Senate joint resolution No. 89,
providing for the representation of the United
States at the international maritime exhibition
to be held at Havre.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By com-
mon consent it can be taken up : not otherwise.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the order of the day is before the
Senate.
land claim in florida.
Mr. SPRAGUE. With the indulgence of
the Senator from New Hampshire I wish to
present a petition.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me pass this resolution
first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
nothing before the Senate but the order of the
' day.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Senator from New
Hampshire permits me to present the petition
of Ethan Ray Clarke and Samuel Ward Clarke,
praying for the confirmation of the title to cer-
tain lands on Black Creek, in the State of Flor-
ida, purchased of John Underwood by their
grandfather, under a grant from the Spanish
Government. I ask the attention of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims for just one
moment 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be done. The Senator is not in order.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I simply ask the indul-
gence of the Senate for one or two words in
reference to this petition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
is 110 objection the Senator can proceed ; but
there is another matter before the Senate.
Mr. SUMXER. I will not object.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have the floor, and there
is no objection, I understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the day is before the Senate without a
motion at one o'clock.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Senator from New
Hampshire gave way to enable me to present
this petition, and I have the floor, as I under-
stand it. 1 appeal to the Senate. If not sus-
tained by the Senate of course I will take my
86&t
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What is
the motion of the Senator?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have a petition in my
hand that I desire to present, and I simply ask
the attention of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims for one word in
transmitting it to you, sir. And now I simply
ask that I may deliver three or four words in
transmitting the petition that I have in my
hand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must maintain the rule of the Senate unless
the Senate will pass it by common consent and
permit the Senator to make his speech. The
Senator asks that he be permitted to make his
remarks on this petition. Is there any objec-
tion ? No objection being made the Senator
may go on.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This petition was before
the Committee on Private Land Claims at the
last session, and a bill was reported from that
committee by Judge Harris, which passed this
body. The papers upon which that bill was
founded were sent, to the Committee on the
Judiciary of the House and the bill was sent
to the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
the attention of the House was therefore lost
so far as the bill was concerned. 1 have asked
with this persistence the attention of the com-
mittee to this subject now, because the people
that I represent are poor and cannot represent
themselves. I move the reference of the peti-
tion to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
maritime exhibition at havre. j
Mr. SUMNER. Now I make an appeal
again to my friend from New Hampshire to
allow the vote to be taken, without a word
being said, on the joint resolution (S. R. No.
89) providing for the representation of the
United States at the international maritime
exhibition to be held at Havre.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senate pass over the order of the day for the
purpose of taking up the resolution mentioned
by the Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. CRAGIN. If it leads to debate I can-
not yield.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right. If it leads
to debate I shall not press it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the joint resolution mentioned
by the Senator from Massachusetts is before
the Senate, the pending question being on the
amendment to add at the end of the resolution
the following proviso:
Provided, That no expenditure shall aecruo there-
from to the Treasury,nor shall additional compensa-
tion be paid to such persons as may be designated
under the authority of this resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the resolution be read
as it will stand if amended.
The Secretary read as follows :
Resolved, <kc„ That the Secretary of the N avy be au-
thorized to detail one or more officers of the Navy, as
he shall think best, to be present at the international
maritime exhibition, to bo held at Havre, under the
auspices of the French Government, from the 1st of
June to the 31st of October of the present year, there
to represent the United States, andotherwise to pro-
mote the interests of exhibitors from our own coun-
try: Provided, That no expenditure shall accrue
therefrom to the Treasury, nor shall additional com-
pensation be paid to such persons as may be desig-
nated under the authority of this resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not rise to debate the
resolution, because I am in favor of it, but I !
simply wish to suggest to some of my friends ;
on the floor that there is a propriety in being
a little consistent in regard to these resolutions, j
A few days ago there was a resolution reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs author-
izing, under certain circumstances, the Presi-
dent to detail officers of the Navy to perform
consular duties, and the Committee on Com-
merce imagined that it was trenching upon
their jurisdiction, and insisted that it should
be referred to that committee. Now, here
comes a resolution from the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, who, if I am
not mistaken, sympathized with the Committee
on Commerce on that occasion, proposing to
detail certain naval officers to perform the
duties of commissioners and inspectors at a
commercial-marine exhibition to be held in
France. I suggest to my friend, the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr. Chand-
ler,] and to my friend from Maine, [Mr.
Morrill,] that they ought to vindicate their
jurisdiction and not allow a resolution of this
kind to be passed upou the recommendation of
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for the
yeas and nays on this resolution. After the
discussion the other day we certainly ought to
have the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 insist on the order
of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the day is before the Senate, on which the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Cragin]
has the floor.
supplementary reconstruction bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 439) additional and supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to provide for the more
efficientgovernment of the rebel States," passed
March 2, 18G7, and to the acts supplementary
thereto, the pending question being on the mo-
tion of Mr. Dooi.ittle, to refer the bill with
instructions to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. CRAGIN. Mr. President, when the
question of the life or death of the Republic
was presented to the loyal people of this land
they bravely and patriotically resolved to ac-
eept war and all its direful consequences
rather than that the Union should perish.
After four years of toil and sacrifices of life
and treasure such as no other nation ever suf-
fered, victory perched upon the banners of the
Union Army, and a wicked and causeless re-
bellion was put down, and the question now is,
whether the fruits of victory shall be lost, and
those who did their utmost to destroy the Union
and the hopes of the world in free government
shall dictate the terms of reconstruction and
comeback into full fellowship, filled with rebel
hate and arrogance and with increased political
power, or whether those who saved the Union
shall rebuild it upon foundations cemented
with the eternal principles of truth, justice,
and equality. The former question is involved
in, and must result from, the final success of
the President's "policy" and the plan of the
Democratic party; the latter will surely follow
the complete triumph of the congressional and
Republican plan of reconstruction.
j At the beginning of the rebellion the rebels
destroyed the loyal State governments in eleven
States and set up new governments hostile to
the United States. They absolved their officers
and citizens from their oaths of allegiance to
the United States, and compelled them to take
new oaths of allegiance to the southern con-
federacy as a new and independent nation.
When the rebellion was suppressed and con-
quered traitors were compelled to lay down
their arms, and the national authority became
reasserted over the territory formerly occupied
by the insurgents, those hostile State govern-
ments disappeared and no State organizations
remained. The rebels knew, and all the world
knew, that they had been engaged in a most
nefarious business, a most wicked and atro-
cious crime, for which they deserved to die,
and they were ready to cry out " What can we do
to be saved?" Such was the condition when
Mr. Johnson was made President by the cruel
assassination of Mr. Lincoln.
Now, by the express language of the Consti-
tution, the President is authorized to call an
extra session of Congress on "extraordinary
occasions." What occasion could be more
"extraordinary" than the sudden and shock-
ing death of a dearly-beloved President and
the suppression of a gigantic and bloody rebel-
lion? But the President, overlooking this new
and unparalleled era in our history, when so
much of the unfinished work of his predecessor
lay before him, purposely neglected to call such
session of Congress, and took the work of recon-
struction into his own unaided hands. Was
this mere boldness' and self-reliance or was it
assumption? Whatever name you may give it,
the sequel has proved it to be a grave and almost
irreparable error.
The President's business is to execute, not
to make, laws. In undertaking therefore this
work he undoubtedly usurped the legislative
functions of Congress, and invaded the pre-
rogative of a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment. He appointed provisional governors
without authority of law, and defined their
duties. He prescribed the qualifications of
voters, and declared who should not vote in the
rebel States. He authorized the calling of con-
ventions, and dictated the provisions of future
constitutions. He established military rule a
hundred times more despotic than that which
now exists in those States. None but rebels
were elected to these conventions or permitted
to fill offices, and he was, in consequence of this
condonation policy, compelled to send on par-
dons by wholesale, even by telegraph, before
