1868.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
849
the conventions could proceed to their work or
the State officers enter upon their duties.
The members of the conventions were elected
by only a small fraction of the people, and their
constitutions were in no case submitted to the
people for adoption or rejection. |
The business was rushed through in hot haste,
and the rebels took courage and even spoke of
their rights. The Legislatures which followed
were of the some stripe, composed almost en-
tirely of rebels and prominent men who had
served in the rebel army. They elected rebel
Senators, including the vice president of the
so-called southern confederacy. Men were
elected as members of the House of Represent-
atives whose hands were still red with the blood
of Union soldiers. Union whitemen who had
remained true to the flag through the dark and
bloody trial, and the freed men released from
cruel bondage, who had prayed for Union vic-
tories and lent their humble assistance in what-
ever way they could to our arms, were pro-
scribed, persecuted, insulted, and even mur-
dered by these haughty and unrepentant rebels.
A single extract from a letter to the Daily
News, from Georgia will show how complete-
ly the Legislature chosen under the President's
"policy" was in the hands of rebels:
" It is a remarkable fact that no man who system-
atically opposed the South in her late struggle has
been honored with any office of importance since the
failure «f the confederacy. The reason for this is
plain: it is impossible for a man holding to Massa-
chusetts ideas of government to represent the people
of Georgia. Such men will always be defeated, and
they ought to be."
In the Georgia Legislature Thomas Harde-
man, late colonel of the forty-fifth regiment in I
the confederate army, was chosen speaker-of
the House, and William Gibson, late colonel
twentieth regiment in same army, was chosen
president of the Senate. Two other rebel col-
onels were chosen clerk of the House and
secretary of the Senate. This is but a sample
of the whole, and shows that the rebels had
complete control.
In the summer and fall of 1865 Mr. Johnson
told us that his policy was only experimental
and temporary, and intimated that the whole
matter would be referred to Congress at its
regular session. But in the meantime the ser-
pent of treason had whispered in his ear and
promised him that he should be elected Presi-
dent in 1808 if he would only hold fest to his
own plan as an executive measure and foil the
wishes of the loyal people by bringing in these
States "rebel end foremost." Yielding to
this temptation, " he betrayed and deserted the
party that elected him and joined in full com-
munion the rebels.^' The business went on.
The President claimed that his action was a
finality and that those States were recon-
structed; that their Representatives were enti-
tled to seats in the national Legislature, and
that Congress had nothing to do about the
matter but to swear in the members from those
loyal States. At the same-time the cry of dis-
tress, of outrage, and murder was wafted from
all parts of the South. Rebel supremacy,
domination, and tyranny were everywhere felt.
They insulted the flag, gloried in their treason,
spit out their hate against the United States,
proscribed and banished Union white men,
robbed and murdered the freedmen indiscrim-
inately and with entire impuuity, and, not yet
satisfied, compassed plans for reducing them
to a bondage worse than that from which they
had escaped. Treason was made honorable
and loyalty odious in those States. Rebellion
seemed likely after all to be a success, and that
the gray would finally conquer the blue. Con-
gress hesitated. The cry of murder, anguish,
and rebel outrage sounded in these Halls for
one whole year before decisive action was
taken. At last justice—blind, slow-footed, but
unerring justice—prevailed, and it solemnly
resolved that these States should be recon-
structed, once and forever, upon a loyal basis.
Eebel supremacy had then flourished long
enough. The sovereignty of the nation had
been so long defied with success that it had
ceased to have any meaning, and was now but
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 54.
the shadow of a dishonored principle. The
time had come when loyal supremacy must
step in and reerect the pillars of republican
government or else abandon those communi-
ties to the hazards of an unregulated polity,
oscillating between license and despotism.
Then it was that Congress, in the proper
exercise of its legislative powers, passed acts
of reconstruction inviting these people, white
and black, to take part in the great work. A
few prominent rebels only were told to take
"back seats." The work has commenced,
and is now going on successfully. The people
have called conventions, by a large vote, in
nine of the ten States, and Texas will soon
follow. Thus far, the work has been well
done, and it will surely be completed. There
is to be no delay—no working on short time,
but in regular order ; and one after another
these States will soon be restored to their
"practical relations" to the Union. The
workmen employed in this noble task must be
constructive, not destructive, builders. They
must not be the same men who sought to
destroy the beautiful structure erected by our
fathers, for both justice and consistency alike
forbid it; but they must be men in whose hearts
the love of liberty and union is a living, ener-
gizing principle, and who recognize the inherent
and God-given rights of man as the moving
spirit of all free government.
I say it, sir; this work will go on, and no
earthly power can prevent its completion.
The Republican party is doing its best to or-
ganize the southern States on a truly loyal
and democratic basis, and the ex-rebels of
those States and their friends of the North
are doing their very utmost to impede and
prevent reconstruction, and thus protract the
military rule which they affect to find so harsh,
despotic, and degrading. The Republicans
are anxious to complete this work as soon as
possible, in order that the Union may be
restored, and the military machinery, Freed-
men's Bureau, &c., may be swept away as a
mere scaffolding that has accomplished its pur-
pose. I, for one, shall be glad to see truly loyal
representatives from all those States occupy-
ing seats here within the next three months.
The Conservatives and Democrats, North
and South, are resisting this conclusion with
all their might. They want an aristocratic
restoration which will place the loyal majority,
white and black, under the feet of the rebel
minority, or they will have no restoration at all.
They are marshaling their forces to defeat any
constitution that may be submitted in Virginia,
North Carolina, and the other States, even
before the constitutions are made. They com-
plain of military rule, but rather than accept
any constitution, however good, made by the
conventions, they prefer that that rule should
continue, in order to have some complaint
around which to rally a disaffected minority.
Rather than that all rights for all men should
be the fundamental law they prefer to submit
to "military despotism."
We, sir, seek to implant impartial justice,
equal laws, and a fair chance for all in the
frame-work of these future constitutions. We
build upon the broad, old-fashioned, genuine
democratic foundation of exact and equal
justice and rights for all men ; especially do
we aim to protect the weak and lowly against
the arrogant and strong, for Governments have
no other final course than this, and, let me
add, none higher.
There are many objections urged against
the plan of Congress and the loyal people by
those who are opposed to reconstruction unless
the rebel element can rule and dictate terras.
I shall not speak of the constitutional objec-
tions nor of the want of power on the part of
Congress. That question was argued and
settled by my distinguished friend, the Senator
from Indiana, on last Friday, in a speech which
has rarely been equaled in this Chamber. His
argument demonstrated with logical certainty
that the President had no authority to recon-
struct those States, and that it was not only
the right but the duty of Congress to do it, anil
to do it on a loyal basis. That speech was a most
masterly and complete vindication of Congress,
and will live beside the best efforts of Daniel
Webster.
Much as the country owed before in aid and
counsel to that Senator for his great and untir-
ing services during the great struggle for na-
tional existence, the debt is vastly increased
now. One other Governor, among many other
good ones, stood out preeminent for his heroio
fortitude, ability, and considerate tenderness
during the terrible struggle; but his eloquent
voice is hushed in death, and he now watches
with the immortal Lincoln and hosts of others
who died for their country over the work we
are now doing, and, I doubt not, intercedes
with Him who shapes the destinies of men and
nations that the work may not fail. The other
Governor, whose star shone with equal bril-
liancy in the AVest, is still laboring with his
great head and heart, but with health impaired,
for that country for which so many good men
have given their lives. His seat is vacant to-
day. May he live to see the great consumma-
tion so devoutly desired by all patriotic hearts,
and the renewed and increased glory of a united
country, and a happy and prosperous people.
The President in his annual message charges
Congress with having passed the reconstruc-
tion acts for the purpose of establishing "negro
supremacy'' in ten States; and the whole Dem-
ocratic party are now chiming in to the same
tune. A charge more groundless or more des-
titute of truth was never made. In passing
those laws we had no thought of "negro su-
premacy" or "negro domination," and have
not now any thought or wish of that kind.
We thought only of loyal supremacy in those
States. The people had endured rebel suprem-
acy long enough, and had heard enough of
rebel cruelty and murder of white and black
men because they had loyal hearts. Finding
that the spirit of rebellion was rife and fierce
in these Johnson-reconstructed States as when
they were in actual rebellion and that they
would not regard the rights of Union men,burt
! that in every way they despitefully used them
; and trampled them under foot in haughty arro-
gance, Congress determined to raise up a loyal
element which, joined with white Unionists,
: should reconstruct those States in the interests
of loyalty and true democracy. Every Senator
j in this Chamber knew then, and knows now,
if the question of Union or disunion, slavery
or freedom, were left to the white vote alone in
those States, and they could safely so act, that
the Union would be dissolved and slavery again
restored.
The ballot was given to the black man first
because he was a citizen and a freeman, and as
incident to and an inhering right of citizenship;
but specially that he might have a weapon for
self-protection and with which to insure the
adoption of loyal democratic State govern-
ments. It was given for his own protection
and the protection of those principles of union
founded " in the just consent of the governed,"
which the Declaration of Independence declares
to be the original source of all government.
We gave hiin no other protection than this,
and less we could not do ; for how could we
legislate for the superstructure of a government
before we had laid its foundations upon the
"just consent of the governed." We must
either submit to rebel supremacy or adopt this
policy to insure "loyal supremacy." Congress
chose the latter course, and every day's ex-
perience is verifying the wisdom of this policy.
But what, sir, are the facts in relation to
"negro supremacy" in the South? In only
two States, South Carolinaand Mississippi, does
the colored population constitute a majority of
the people. The registration of voters under the
reconstruction acts shows a majority of white
voters in five of the disorganized States, namely,
Virginia, North Carolina, Georgia, Arkansas,
and Texas, and in the five other States the
colored voters are a majority. This, except in
South Carolina and Mississippi, results from
the fact that many of the white men refused or
neglected to register themselves as voters. Is
