850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Congress to blame for this? If a man sleep
upon his rights shall he complain if he lose
them? If all the white men entitled to vote
under the acts of Congress had registered the
colored men would have had a majority only in
the two States before named.
The following official figures show the num-
ber of each class registered in each State and
the vote cast for and against conventions:
White. Colored. For. Againnt.
Virginia  116,000 104,000 107,342 61.887
North Carolina 103,060 71,657 93,266 32,961
South Carolina   45,751 79,585 67,799 2,226
Georgia  95.214 93,458 102,283 4,127
Mississippi  48,926 88,925 69,739 6,277
Louisiana  44.732 82,907 75,083 4,006
Florida  11,190 15,357 14,337 139
Texas  56,666 47,430 Not voted.
Arkansas (.total)  66,805 - 27,576 13,558
It is well known that a majority of registered
voters in Arkansas are white, but the exact
number of each is not known here.
Let us look at some of those States in the
light of these figures. The actual white popu-
lation of Virginia is nearly double that of the
colored and they have twelve thousand major-
ity of the registered voters, notwithstanding
tens of thousands of white men from bitter-
ness and pride refused or neglected to regis-
ter. With all this advantage the convention
was actually carried by forty-five thousand four
hundred and fifty-five majority of those voting.
The truth is that large numbers of white men
voted for the convention. Is there any "negro
supremacy" in this? Not a bit of it. I hope,
sir, a million white men in Virginia do not
acknowledge themselves whipped by half that
number of black men. At the beginning of
the rebellion they claimed that one Virginian
could whip and put to flight five Yankees, and
now one poor despised colored man can whip
two of these proud knights. This is the piti-
able and flimsy argument of the Senator from
Wisconsin and of the leaders of the Democratic
party. If this be true, how art thou fallen,
oh, Virginia!
Look at North Carolina. She has over thir-
ty-one thousand majority of registered white
voters, and yet the convention was carried
there by over sixty thousand majority. There
were twenty two thousand more votes cast for
a convention than there are colored registered
voters. Here, too, is " negro supremacy," one
man, who the Senator from Wisconsin says is
not fit to vote, putting three white men to
flight! O nonsense most humiliating!
. Look at Georgia. The number of registered
white voters there is two thousand more than
the colored, and yet the convention was car-
ried in that State by over ninety-eight thousand
majority. About thirty-five thousand white men
voted for the convention, or more than one third
of the whole number of registered white voters.
Here, again, is " negro supremacy t" I ask
the Senator from Wisconsin to look at it. He
claims that the negro is not fit to vote, and yet
we find a less number of them in Virginia,
North Carolina, and Georgia beating a greater
number of white men, with their acknowledged
superiority, at the polls. Sir, a white man ought
to be ashamed of this argument. If it prove
anything it proves too much for our opponents.
It proves that the colored man is qualified to
vote.
I commend to the Senator from Wisconsin
and all others who are so terrified about
"negro supremacy" an extract from a recent
speech of ex-Governor Brown, of Georgia.
Governor Brown was one of the first southern
Governors who saw the hopelessness of the
rebellion and the tyranny of Jeff. Davis; and
he sees now the false and humiliating pretenses
by which reconstruction is sought to be delayed.
He says:
"The people North havo been told lately that the
acts of Congress establish negro supremacy and whito
subordination in the South. Tho charge is false. _ It
was the perverse obstinacy of the white race refusing
to take control that gave the negroes power in the
convention. There is fifteen thousand white ranjor-
ity in Georgia. With this majority and tho boasted
superiority of the race in intellect, education, expe-
rience, and wealth, it is a libel on tho whito men to
say that negroes can rule intellect and capital and
eontrol numbers everywhere. Th* charge that Gen-
eral Pope gerrymandered the State to give negroes
power is false. He adopted the districts as lelt by
the Johnson convention without alteration. With
absolute power to set aside every officcr in Georgia
and fill their places with test-oath men, not one in
fifty had been disturbed, and not one who did not
obstruct reconstruction. Not a single citizen of
Georgia has been tried by military commission,
when Pope had power to set aside the courts to try
every officer by commission."
It is a well-known fact that after the passage
of the reconstruction acts the rebels expected
to control the negro vote and went to work for
that purpose. The colored people were told
that the rebels had always been their friends,
and that they were then their best friends.
They called them fellow-citizens, and admitted
that they had been too long deprived of their
rights.
They failed to eontrol the colored vote, and
here is the rub. The negro was too intelligent,
loved liberty too well, to be used by those who
for years held him in cruel bondage, and who
only released their grasp when they were com-
pelled by superior force. The instinct of that
moral nature bestowed upon all men, and which
is the finger of God, guiding the human heart,
pointed them in the way of sure deliverance.
But, sir, I say again, here is the rub! If
they had voted as the rebels wished to have
them we should never have heard a word about
"negro supremacy." And the Senator from
Wisconsin would have hailed them to-day as
"friends" and "fellow-citizens."
I have some testimony from southern men
and the southern press which shows that some
men there do not fear "negro supremacy."
Ex-GovernorFoote, in a letter to Hon. A. O.
P. Nicholson, of Tennessee, writes as follows :
" AVc must, in order to be free ourselves, agree never
hereafter to interfere with tho freedom of others.
Wo must, in order to assure our own return to lib-
erty and happiness, not only recognize the eolored
citizens of the South as now free, but we must allow
them tho same means of preserving their freedom
that we ourselves desire to possess. They must be
freemen in fact as well as in name. We must con-
sent to their being invested with tho elective fran-
chise."
General Beauregard, in a letter to the New
Orleans Times, dated March 23, 1867, says:
"With regard to the suffrage of the freedmen,
however objectionable it may be at present, it is an
clement of strength for the future. If properly han-
dled and directed we shall defeat our adversaries
with their own weapons. The negro is southern
born; with a little education and some property
qualifications he can bo inado to takesuflicient inter-
est in the affairs and prosperity of the South to in-
sure an intelligent vote on his part."
General Buckner is reported as follows:
"On thequestion of negrosuffrago the general said
the South must cheerfully accept it and use the ne-
groes at tho polls, teaching them that their interests
arc identical with those of tho whites."
Wade Hampton, in a letter to D. W. Ray
and others, dated August 7, 1867, says:
"On a late public occasion, when many of you were
present, I expressed my pcrfect willingness to see
impartial suffrage established at the South, and I
beliove that this opinion is entertained not only by
a large majority of the intelligent and reflecting
whites, hut also by tho same class among the blacks."
* * * *******
"Wo have recognized the freedom of the blacks, and
havo placed this fact beyond all probability of doubt,
denial, or recall. Lot us recognize in thesamo frank
manner and as fully their political rights also. For
myself, I confess that I am willing to see a constitu-
tion adopted by our State conferring the eleetive
franchise on the negro on precisely the same terms
as it is to be exercised by the white man, guarding
against the abuse of this privilege by establishing a
slight educational and property qualification for all
classes."
The New Orleans Picayune says :
" Wc have urged our people to no longer indulge
in any false squeainishness about accepting the negro,
as with themselves, a voter, and to indulgo in no
hesitancy us to his competency and qualifications.
It is ridiculous for any ono to pretend that he is low-
ered or disicraccd by going to tho polls with a negro
whon ho crowds at the general delivery with him to
get a letter at the post office."
The Daily News, of New York, an ultra
Democratic paper, says:
" The right to vote belongs to each male citizen of
twenty-ono years of ago. It is his by birth; and he,
by operation of law, becomes a citizen of the United
States, and entitled to all rights, privileges, and
immunities through the relation of his native State
to the national Union. The elective franchise is his
inherent right: tho exercise alono is subject to State
regulation. Heretofore nothing stood between the
| blacks and full citizenship but their condition of
I involuntary servitude; that impediment is gone
J through the actual operation of the war, and the
i liberated black stands himself a citizen in his own
proper person. Then, if the abstract right to vote
inheres in every citizen, why not in the native black
man? What rule of law denies him that right? Is
it not his absolute personal right, now that he is lib-
erated?"
1 The Boston Post, alluding to Judge Reagan's
letter to Governor Throckmorton, urging that
suffrage be given to the negroes on the same
terms as it is given to the whites, says:
i "This is wise, just, politic. Impartial suffrage we
have always advocated. The Massachusetts syi-tem
we think a good one; and if every State would adopt
it the result would prove its great security to the
peace and prosperity of the country."
i The Senator from Wisconsin may say this is
substantially his amendment. I am not sure
that the Senator intends to'vote for his own
amendment. I presume he would not vote far
the bill if his amendment could be adopted.
He simply wants to make an issue. But grant-
ing that Congress has the right to pass his
amendment into law, and he concedes the
whole power, if we have the right to say that
negroes who have served in the Union Army,
or who can read and write and own a little
property, can vote in these States, then we can
say that all may vote. It is only a question
of policy how far we will go when the power
is conceded.
I am for suffrage on the broad-gauge prin-
ciple. I do not believe in property qualifica-
tions or any other qualifications except what
God has given to every sane, honest male
citizen. I will not consent to any disqualifica-
tion except it be the commission of crime. I
regard the ballot as a great educator, and 1 am
for manhood suffrage. The Constitution of
New Hampshire lately contained a provision
requiring that every member of the House of
j Representatives should have "an estate of the
I value of £100, one half of which to be free-
! hold." The other half, or £"250, might be
!j personal property. In 1850 this provision was
' stricken out, though it was a dead letter long
before. In the convention of that year was a
farmer from the county of Grafton, where I
reside, and this question being uuder discus-
sion, he said:
"Underthis requirement a man, to be eligible to a
seat in the House, must own $500, and one half may
be personal property, lie may have a jackass ha
values at $250, nnd $250 in real estate, lie is then
eligible and takes his scut. The jackass is taken
sick and dies—the owner is then made ineligible."
'Now,' said he. 'I want to know who represents
the town—the man or the jackass?
The Senator from Wisconsin pretends to be
in favor of reconstruction on this basis. I am
not. Suppose the man wjio owns a freehold
worth $250 finds himself deprived of the right
to vote because his house was burned down
and left him worth less than §250, I would
like to inquire whether the man or the house
votes? Then, by the Senator's amendment,
if a man's wife owns $250 in freehold the man
tnay vote. There 'may be philosophy in this,
but I would suggest that he go for female suf-
frage in that case.
Negro 'suffrage is no new thing at the South.
It is a well-known fact that free negroes voted
in all the States at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution, with the exception of South
Carolina, Delaware, and possibly Georgia. I
assert here to-day that free negroes voted for
the Constitution in 1789 in Massachusetts, New
Hampshire, Rhode Island, Connecticut. New
York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland,
Virginia, and North Carolina. I assert also,
that they voted for General Washington as first
President of the United States in the same
States. There is reason to believe that they
voted in all the original "thirteen" States at
the time of the adoption of the Declaration of
Independence. They continued to vote in Vir-
ginia, North Carolina, and Tennessee as late as
1830. It is an undisputed fact that some of the
ablest men in Congress were elected by negro
votes. Cave Johnson, once Postmaster Gen-
eral, was elected to Congress for the first time
from Tennessee by the votes of free negroes, as
he himself declared. I once heard John Bell>
