1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
when a member of the Senate from Tennessee,
say that ho was once elected a member of the
oilier House of Congress bv free negro votes.
I have heard it stated that Willie P. Mangum,
of N orth Carolina, was once elected in the same
way. but of this fact I am not sure. In Vir-
ginia free negroes voted side by side with white
men until lfvJO. I could give much evidence
upon this point, but my time will not allow it.
They are all free now, and for their own pro-
tection and the salvation of the Union we say
they may vote. We say they may vote because
they are loyal to their country: because they
are freemen and native-born citizens.
But the Senator from Wisconsin says they
are " ignorant and half-civilized Africans,"
and but a few generations removed from "can-
nibals," and to allow them to vote would de-
grade the ballot. Ignorance is not the worst
disqualification ; disloyaltyand treason are more
dangerous. But who made them ignorant?
The very men with whom the Senator now
cooperates. They were bound in cruel bonds
and denied the means of education. To accuse
them now is to add insult to injury.
They are learning fast, and the time is not
far distant when they will compare favorably
with, if they do not outstrip, the mass of white
people South in point of intelligence, as I be-
lieve they do now in moral worth.
General Swavne, in his report to General
Howard, Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau, says:
" A distinguished officer of the third military dis-
trict declares that the marvelous progress made by
the freed people in education and knowledge finds
no parallel in history."
He adds:
"If continued, and the masses of the white people
exhibit the same indisposition to be educated that
they uow do. five years will have transferred intelli-
gence and education, so far as the masses are con-
cerned, to the colored people of the district."
General Howard himself says:
"Asa people they are making rapid progress in
education, in mechanic arts, and all branches of in-
dustry which conduce to their comfort and respecta-
bility."
The assistant commissioner for Georgia
gays :
"Their anxiety to learn is unabated, and every
available means which may aid them in the pursuit
of knowledge is e>gerly resorted to. Laborers on
plantations are learning from each otl.er, while in
the cities parents are br-ins taught by their children;
and so tens of thousands who do not enjoy the bene-
fits of regular schooling are being educated in ele-
mentary branches."
General Robinson.in North Carolina, says:
"Gratifying testimony is offered concerning the
fidelity and general disposition of the freed people.
The assistant commissioner doubts if there ever was
a community suddenly transferred from a condition
of slavery to one of freedom more industrious sober,
and law-abiding than are the colored people of
North Carolina."
General Scott, in South Carolina, says:
" Enfranchisement has given birth to a healthful
sentiment. Laborers are more ambitiousin the field
and workshop, as well as at the night school."
And yet" the Senator from Wisconsin calls
these people "half-civilized Africans;" but if
they keep on they may become civilized even
in the estimation of the Senator. I am tempted
to compare the language of General Jackson,
addressed to the colored troops at New Orleans,
with that of the Senator from Wisconsin. Ad-
dressing them after that glorious battle, he
said :
"Fellow-citiiens and soldiers: I invited yon to
share in the perils and to divide the glory of your
white countrymen. I expected much lrom you, for
I was not uniniormed of those qualities which must
rend r you so formidable to an invading foe. I
knew that you could endure hunger and thirst and
all the hardships of war. I knew that you loved the
land of ypur nativity, and that, like ourselves, you
bad to defend all thai is most dear to man; but you
surpass my hopes. I lmvo found in you, united to
those qualities, that noble enthusiasm which impels
to great deeds.
"Soldiers? The President of the United States
■hall be informed uf your conduct on the present
occasion, and the voice of the representatives of the
American nation shall applaud your valor, as your
General now praises your ardor."
This language sounds ft little different to me
from that of the Senator from Wisconsin. I
will not, however, presume to say that General
Jackson was much of a Democrat as compared
with the Senator. He did very well for those
old-fashioned times ; but Democracy has made
wonderful progress since his day. Democracy
was then a generous sentiment, embracing all
the people in one common brotherhood of
justice, humanity, and equal rights. The Dem-
ocratic party long ago drifted away from its
old land-marks, and lias now become the advo-
cate and apologist for slavery and aristocracy.
One thousand colored soldiers aided General
Jackson in that trying hour, and he sounded
their praises and told tiiem that the "repre-
sentatives of the American nation would ap-
plaud their valor." More than three hundred
thousand aided General Grantin a more trying
hour, when the life of the nation and liberty
itself was in imminent danger, and the Senator
from Wisconsin has no voice with which to
applaud their valor. But, sir, the American
people have applauded their valor, and, with
the blessing of God, will protect and defend
them. They exhibted '' that noble enthusiasm
which impels to great deeds," but the Senator
sees it not. He only sees ten million white
men crushed by four million degraded, igno-
rant, "half-civilized Africans."
I see these men taking their stand upon the
field of battle and going down before rebel
bullets into a common grave with their white
fellow-soldiers of the Union Array. I see
them on the plantations and around the rebel
prison-pens, where brutal murder and cruel
starvation carried off fifty thousand of our
brave men, the only ministering angels of
mercy and sympathy. I see them, when our
brave and starving men escaped from Ander-
sonville, concealing them by day and with
ample food piloting them by night toward the
Union lines. God only knows how much
these people did for our cause and how great
a debt we owe them. Yet the Senator from
Wisconsin calls them rebels. Sir, I pity a
heart that cannot appreciate a noble action
and whose sympathies go out only for the
proud and wicked traitors. He pleads for
pardon and forgiveness for rebels, saying
"they have been punished enough." I am
not panting forpuninshment or revenge—none
at all. But before high Heaven I dare not
forgive the red-handed rebel, unless at the
same time I am just to the colored man and
give him the means of self-defense. The na-
tion owes him a vast debt of gratitude, and
God would never prosper the Republic if we
suffered this despised race to be again recast
into slavery.
The Senator from Wisconsin talks about a
"war of races," and says that the action of
Congress is calculated to produce it. It is the
course of the Senator and his party that is cal-
culated to produce such a result, and nothing
else will do it. The colored men, under all
circumstances, are peaceable, industrious, and
law-abiding, and there will be no " war of
races" unless white rebels drive them to des-
peration by cruelty and rank injustice long
continued. They area patient people, and will
bear persecution, outrage, and even death be-
fore they will resort to violent measures. If
there is ever such a war it will be provoked
and commenced by the white rebels and entered
upon by the colored men in self-defense, and
only, when they can no longer endure the oppres-
sion and injustice heaped upon them. If such
shall ever be the case I have no doubt God
will defend the right. But I have no fears of
such a calamity if we do our duty and secure
and protect the rights of all.
Much is said here and elsewhere about white
men being disfranchised by the reconstruction
acts, and unscrupulous partisans seek to exag-
gerate the number. I am satisfied that the
(Senator from Indiana placed the number high
enough when he estimated it at fifty thousand
in the ten States.
And here I do not forget that yesterday the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckai.ew,]
for whose judgment and fairness I have great
respect, told us that the number of men dis-
franchised under the reconstruction acts was
three hundred thousand. Never was a greater
mistake made. Sir, let us look for one mo-
ment at the States of Virginia and North Car-
olina. The registered white vote in Virginia
is 110,982. The total vote given for President
in Virginia proper, as it now is, in 18G0 was
115,2-57, less than the present registered white
vote. In North Carolina the registered white
vote is 103,000, and the total vote for Presi-
dent in 1860 was 96.280. The total vote in
1860 for President of the United States, not
including South Carolina, where the electors
were chosen by the Legislature, was 059,113.
The Senator from Pennsylvania would have
us believe that one half or nearly one half of
these voters are disfranchised under the recon-
struction acts. The reconstruction acts dis-
franchise only those who took an official oath
to support the Constitution of the United States
and afterward engaged in the rebellion. The
main classes included in that are the former
members of Congress; members of the Legis-
latures in those States prior to 1860; officers of
the Army and Navy who deserted the (lag of
the Union and went over to the rebels; deputy
postmasters, judicial officers, and a few others
in those States. It is impossible to ascertain
the exact number, but I fully believe fifty
thousand is a high estimate—live thousand on
an average in each State. There is a much
larger number in the State of Virginia, un-
doubtedly; but on an average I believe five
thousand to be a large estimate for each State.
I can tell the Senate that the Democratic
party in New Hampshire, with John G. Sinclair
as a leader, tried to disfranchise a greater num-
ber of white men in that State—all the Union
soldiers, absent from the State and fighting for
their country. We ask that only a few of the
leaders who caused the war and fought against
their country shall for a brief time take "back
seats."
The design of Congress was to exclude the
leading rebels and no others. General terms
were used. This was thought to be a-better
way than to go into a long enumeration of in-
dividuals or classes. Of course it included
some who were not actual leaders in the rebel-
lion, but it did include only those who had
added treason to perjury. I should have been
satisfied if a much less number had been dis-
franchised, though many more deserved it.
There was good reason why those who had
taken a solemn oath to support the Constitu-
tion and then sought to destroy it by armed
rebellion should not take part in reconstruct-
ing the fabric they had partially destroyed.
The time will soon come, I trust, when this
disability can safely be removed, and when all
will rejoice in a restored Government and the
return of national prosperity.
The work thus far has been well done, in
spite of the opposition of the President and
the Democratic party, who have done all in
their power, directly and indirectly, to defeat
it. The rebel spirit was at once curbed in the
presence of military power, and the wail over
unpunished barbarities and murder that filled
th is Chamber one year ago has almost entirely
ceased. We do not hear of one murder now
where we heard of hundreds then.
General Howard, in his report, says:
"The general effect of the reconstruction nets of
Congress will more fully appear from the State re-
ports herein embodied. There is abundant evidence
that these measures have checked the d' liant spirit
of disloyal men, raised the hopes of freedmen, and
greatly promoted good order and peace."
General Schofield, in his report to the Com-
missioner, says:
"Since the passage of the laws referred to regulat-
ing the readinission into the Union of the rebel States
a tavorable change in the condition of the freedmen
has occurred apparently throughout the whole State
of Virginia. Complaints of private outrages anil the
injustice of civil tribunals, the assistant commis-
sioner rem-.irlts have been in number at lenst fifty
per cent, less than during the months preceding the
assembling of Congress.
"General Swayne, in common with other assistant
commissioners, notes the improvement in the treat-
ment of freedmen consequent upon tho recent action
of Congress."
Much more interesting matter might be given
from the report of General Howard, showing
