1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
point of its leaders and ruling members is power, and
their intention is to give aid ami comfort to.Jclf.
Co. and their armies. They lire the allies
ami friends of Jeff. Davis, giving liiin all possible
aid and comtort in keeping up the rebellion, in
re;-ist ing the supremacy of the Constitution and laws
over the entire United States."
The once honored and patriotic Democratic
party has fallen from its proud position. After
abandoning the principles of Democracy-and
becoming the advocate and supporter of hu-
man slavery, it took sides with traitors and
sympathized with those who fought, against the
Republic. It now demands that rebels shall
have all the rights of loyal citizens and be re-
stored to place and power and that loyal citi-
zens shall be proscribed and denied the right
of suffrage.
This party, in its organized political action,
is the inveterate foe of moral and social pro-
gress and elevation. It seeks always to use
the prejudices and vices of men, but not to cure
them. It appeals to the appetites and the pas-
sions. because it can make them minister to its
advantage. In its political action its impulses
have been alien to the spirit of freedom. It
sympathizes with the oppressors of the colored
race rather than with the oppressed. It has ho
voice for humanity, no hand to lift up the lowly
and downtrodden".
Governor Morton*, now Senator, in an ad-
dress warning generous and ambitious young
men not to connect themselves with a dishon-
ored party, indelibly stained with treason, said:
"The Demoeratic party has committed a crime for
which hi?tory has no pardon and the memories of
men no forgetfulness, whose colors grow darker from
age to age, and for which the execrations of man-
kind become more bitter from generation to genera-
tion." I
The Republican party carried the country
triumphantly through the war brought upon it
by wicked and ambitious traitors, ana pre-
served the Union and all its precious legacies
handed down to its from our fathers. It was
true to its obligations to country and to man-
kind. It struck the fetters from the limbs and
darknetw and despondency from the souls of
four million slaves and made sure their free-
dom. No member of this party ever fired
upon the flag of his country or murdered one
of its defenders. Its principles are humane,
democratic, and God-like, and its record is
glorious and immortal. It now demands that
victory over treason shall be victory legalized
and perpetuated; that loyalty shall be honored
and loyal men protected; that slavery once
abolished shall forever remain abolished; and
that the freedmen shall be secured and pro-
tected in their civil rights and elevated into
the full and consummate enjoyment of a Chris-
tian civilization. It demands that the burdens
now resting so heavily upon the people shall be
lightened and made equal and that property of
all kinds shall pay its just proportion of the
taxes.
The Republican party, sir, is the people's
party. It is the hope of the country and the
anchor of its freedom. It is the representative
of the true democratic sentiment of the coun-
try. It bears aloft the banner of liberty and
pleads for those rights of human nature which
God has given to man. It swears by the Dec-
laration of Independence and acknowledges the
manhood of the whole human race. It teaches
the great Christian democratic doctrine that
" all things, whatsoever ye would that men
should do unto you, do ye even so unto them."
It knows no baseness, cowers at no danger, op-
presses no weakness. Generous and humane,
it rebukes the arrogant, cherishes honor, and
sympathizes with the humble. It asks nothi ng
but what it concedes, and concedes nothing
but what it demands. Destructive only to des-
potism and treason, it is the sole conservator
of liberty, labor, and property. It cherishes
the sentiment of universal freedom, of equal
rights, and equal obligations. It sides with the
weak and the downtrodden and sympathizes
with every effort to elevate the people and bet-
ter their condition. A true republican, while
claiming an equality with the best, scorns any
political immunities not aecorded to the hum-
blest of his fellows. The ark of our national
salvation rests upon the shoulders of the men
composing this party. I pray that they may
be patient and strong, bold and prudent, patri-
otic and just, devout and self-sacrificing, and
resolute and mighty, that we may transmit to
uncounted millions and unborn generations the
blessings of free, democratic government.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, the
policy and measures of Congress in relation
to the South are maintained in this debate
upon two propositions: first, that at the end
of the war there were no governments of any
kind existing in those States; and second,
that in such case Congress has the power
under the clause of the Constitution which
declares that the " United States shall guaranty
to every State in this Union a republican form
of government," to reconstruct the State gov-
ernments, or, in plainer words, to make new
State governments. These propositions I deny.
First, I deny that at the close of the war there
were no State governments in the southern
States. • What was the exact fact in regard to
that matter? No one disputes that at the
commencement of the war there were legal
State governments in the ten States now ex-
cluded from representation. Those govern-
ments were organized under constitutions
which the people had adopted. I submit to
Senators, then, as a question of law, what
became of the constitutions of the States in
force at the commencement of the war?
A State constitution is the bond of its organ-
ization ; not only the bond of political organ-
ization in the State but to some extent the
bond that holds it to the Federal Union. I do
not very clearly understand how a State can be
in the Union without a State government. I do
understand that if a State should cease to have
a government (if I may so express what seems
to be a paradox) that the people would still
be under the law and authority of the Federal
Government to the extent of the jurisdiction
of that Government. But, sir, a State to be
a State in the Union must have a political
organization. The people of the Territories
owe obedience to the laws of the United States ;
but the Territories are not organized States,
and form no part as States of the Federal
Union.
Then, sir, when a State constitution is once
formed and the State under that constitution
is admitted into the Union, that State organi-
zation is not a separate and independent thing,
but in its organization becomes a part of the
Federal Union. The constitution of the State,
when the State has been thus admitted, be-
comes a part of the national Union and eom-
Eact, and I deny that the people of that State
ave a right to destroy their State government
and thus cease to be within the Union. I deny
that a convention of the people, that the Legis-
lature of the State, or any assemblage of the
1 people whatever can voluntarily terminate the
I existence of a State government and thus cut
off their connection with the Federal Union.
That, in my judgment, can only be accom-
i plished with the consent of all the States. Take
the case of Louisiana. The people formed her
State government; under that government and
constitution she was admitted into the Union.
Is that constitution of hers (subject, of course,
; to her amendment and her modification) not a
part of the Federal system when she is thus
i admitted; and is it possible that that bond of
| society, that means of political organization
| can cease to exist so that there is no longer
j any State of Louisiana?
I Sir, if the State government ceased to exist
j in any State of the South, if the constitution
| of any State ceased to be a constitution, I want
, to know by what act it occurred. Was it the
ordinance of secession ? Every Senator will
j say " No ;" that no ordinance of secession
i could destroy the State constitution, because
the ordinance itself, in law and in the eye of
the Constitution, is a nullity. Was it the war?
War was not made upon the organization of
the States; war was not made upon the con-
stitution and laws of any Stata; but only for
the purpose of holding those States, under their
organization, in the Federal Union and the
people of the States in obedienct^to the laws
of the United States.
Then, sir, I deny that any act of any State
or of the people thereof, intended to separate
that State from the Federal Union, had any
force or validity whatever. I maintain that
during all the years of the rebellion every single
act of a southern State intended to promote
the cause of the rebellion was void; that it had
no effect to destroy State institutions. I deny
that any act of the State could have the effect
to disturb, as a question of law, the relation of
the State to the Federal Union.
Practically the relations were disturbed;
practically the State was not in harmony with
, the Federal Government; but its existence as
a State, its organization as a State, its consti-
tution, which was the bond of its organization,
continued all the way through the war; and
when peace capie it found the State with its
constitution and laws unrepealed and in full
force, holding that State to the Federal Union,
except all laws enacted in aid of the rebellion.
[ Mr. President, I regret that my colleague
[Mr. Morton] is not in his seat, as I shall have
occasion to refer to some of his arguments so
ably presented in the Senate, and to some views
that he has heretofore expressed on this and
some other of the questions that I intend to
discuss. The opinion that I have just now ex-
pressed I think was the opinion two years_ago
of my colleague, and I will refer to his views
as then expressed in a carefully prepared speech.
Speaking of the different propositions and opin-
ions held in regard to the relations of the States
to the Union at the close of the war my col-
1 league said:
; "There is another plan, and that is the theory
: which regards these States as being out of the Union
and holding them as conquered provinces, subject to
the jurisdiction of Congress like unorganized terri-
tory ; saying that Congress has the power to provide
for calling conventions in these States just as in the
Territory of Dakota, and may prescribe the rightof
suffrage and determine who shall vote in electing
delegates to these conventions, just as in the Terri-
tory of Dakota: thatitmaythen determine whether
it will accept the constitution offered, as might ba
determined in the case of any other Territory."
That is the statement of opinion which my
colleague then attributed to certain politicians,
the very opinion which he so ably maintained
in this debate the other day. Now see, Mr.
President, how well he answers it himself:
" I will not stop to argue this question at length, but
I will say this, that from the beginning of the war up
to the present time every message of the President,
every proelamation, every State paper, and every act
of Congress has proceeded upon the hypothesis that
no State could secede from the Union; that once in
theUnion always in the Union. Mr. Lincoln in every
proclamation went on the principle that this was an
insurrection, a rebellion against the Constitution and
laws of the United States; not a rebellion of States,
but a rebellion of the individuals, the people of the
several southern States, and every man who went
into it was personally and individually responsible
for his acts and could not shield himself under the
action or authority of his State. He went on the
principle that every ordinanceof secession, every aet
of the Legislatures of the rebel States in that direc-
tion was a nullity, unconstitutional and void, having
no legal force or effect whatever, and that as these
States were, according to law, in the Union, their
standing could not be affected by the action of tho
people; that the people of these States were person-
ally responsible for their conduct, just as a man is
responsible who violates the statute in regard to the
commission of murder, and to be treated as criminals
just as the authorities thought proper; that the
people of a State can forfeit their rights, but that so
far as their action is concerned, in a legal point of
view, they had no power to affect the condition of the
State in the Union. Every proelamation and every
act of Congress have proceeded upon this hypoth-
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date of the
speech-from which the Senator reads?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The 29th day of Sep-
tember, 1865. He then goes on to say that
Mr. Buchanan had held the opposite doctrine,
and that it was not sound to hold that the re-
bellion was a rebellion of States, and that the
States as such could not be subjugated. Then
he goes on to say:
"This was our answer to Mr. Buchanan. Upon
this hypothesis we have just put down the rebellion.
But it is now proposed by some that we shall practi-
cally admit that the southern States did secede; that
they did go out of the Union; that the work of
