854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
secession ih perfect, wits accomplished; that the
States are out of the Union, that a government tfe
was established, uinl tli.it we now hold these
States a< prov-necs. just as wo should hold
Camilla if its were to invade it tunl take possession
of it."
He closes upon this point by using this em-
phatic language:
" That is what this doctrine leads to. It leads to
a thousand other evils and pernicious things never
contemplated in the nature of our Government."
Upon this subject I will read from the de-
bates in this body four years ago and before
the close of the war the argument of the Sena-
tor who now presides over this body, who is
now the second officer of the Government.
That debate was before this new idea was
thought of, that under the guarantee clause of
the Constitution Congress could do in regard
to the southern States whatever it chose to
do—a doctrine all-absorbing and as dangerous
as the most despotic sentiment that governs any
country in the world. Pending the debate on
what was known as the Winter-Davis bill, Mr.
Wade used the following language:
"It has been contended in the House of Repre-
sentative?, it has been contended upon this floor,that
the States may lose their organizations, may lose their
rights as States, may lose their corporate capacity by
rebellion. I utterly deny that doctrine. I hold that
once a State of this Union always a State: that you
cannot by wrong and violence displace the rights of
anybody or disorganize the State. It would bo a
mo<t hazardous principle to assert that. No, sir;
the fraraers of your Constitution intended no such
thing.''—Thirty-Eighth (onyrrs*, p. Slot).
And how gentlemen, with this principle of
the Constitution staring them in the face, can
fancy that States can lose their rights because
more or less of the people iiave gone off into
rebellion is marvelous to me.
Four years ago that Senator, then holding
high position in this body, holding high posi-
tion in the Republican party of the United
States, declared that a State could not lose its
organization ; that once a State always a State,
and a State under its organization. Now, how-
ever, to maintain the policy that has been
adopted, you declare these States to be without
governments; that in some way it has resulted
that the State governments have ceased toexist.
Now, Mr. President, I wish briefly to con-
sider the clause of the Constitution, which has
been referred to so frequently, making it the
duty of the Government of the United States to
guaranty to every State in this Union a repub-
lican form of government. I think this is the
right construction: it is an obligation and a duty
imposed upon the Government, and I agree
with my colleague when he says that the legis-
lative department is not the Government; the
executive department is not separately the
Government; nor is the judiciary the Govern-
ment; but the whole taken together, in the
proper exercise of the powers conferred by the
Constitution, makes the Government of the
United States. When a duty is imposed upon
the Government of the United States that duty
must be discharged by the appropriate depart-
ment of the Government. If the act which
must be done in the discharge of a duty imposed
by the Constitution is a judicial act, then the
duty is upon the judiciary. If it be a legisla-
tive act the duty is upon the legislative depart-
ment ; and if it be an executive act the duty
then rests upon the Executive, and must be dis-
charged by that department of the Government.
So, sir, 1 hold that this clause of the Consti-
tution is addressed to each department of the
government. This clause contemplates an ex-
isting State government republican in form. It
speaks of State governments as in existence.
If Senators will observe the language of the
section itself, they will find that after the words
which I have quoted, imposing on this Govern-
ment the duty of guarantying to every State a
republican form of government, the provision
goes on "and shall proteet each State against
invasion, and on application of the Legislature
or of the Executive, (when the Legislature can-
not be convened,) against domestic violence."
The section speaks of an organized State gov-
ernment, a government with an executive and
a legislative department, and imposes upon the
Government of tb«' United States duties to be
discharged when called upon by the executive
or the legislative department of the State; so
that the very clause itselt contemplates an ex-
isting State government republican in form,
and simplv imposes upon the Government of
the United States the duty to protect, maintain,
and defend that republican form of government.
This word •'guarantee" does not confer an
original power, either in its legal sense or com-
mon meaning. It means to maintain or assure
that which is already in existence. And this
was the view taken by the fathers who had much
to do in the formation of the Constitution.
Madison, Hamilton, and Story have all said that
this clause contemplates a preexisting State
government republican in form, and that it
simply confers upon the General Government
the power and imposes the duty of protecting
that republican form of government to the
State.
In the nature of the provision itself, in the
scope, force, and meaning of the language used,
and according to contemporaneous construc-
tion, it confers upon the General Government
no power to make a State or to control the
people in that work. It is the high prerogative
and business of the people to make State gov-
ernments. No State governments can come
into existence at the will and nod of the Con-
gress of the United States. It is not within
your power. The Constitution has not said
you might do it; and the whole practice of
our Government is to recognize State gov-
ernments when they have been made by the
people.
Mr. President, frequent reference has been
made to the case of Luther vs. Borden, in 7
Howard, an important case decided by the
Supreme Court of the United States, and my
colleague felt himself justified, instead of
stating what was the force and meaning of the
decision, in reading the dictum of one of the
judges. Instead of that opinion, as read by ray
colleague, giving the decision of the Supreme
Court, that court decided in that case a very
different proposition. InRtead of deciding that
Congress had the power to reorganize a State
government the court decided that the recogni-
tionof a Stategovernmentby the Executive was
controlling upon the judiciary. That was the
celebrated case of Rhode Island. The question
before the court was this: had an office under
the charter government of Rhode Island the
power to execute a mandate issued pursuant to
martial law in that State? and it raised the
question whether the charter government or
what was known as the Dorr government was
the legitimate and valid government of Rhode
Island. The court in deciding that question
did not hold that the charter government was
the government of Rhode Island because Con-
gress had recognized it, for Congress had not
interposed. The court expressly say that the
question did not come before Congress, for the
reason that the Dorr government never sent
Representatives to the House and Senators to
this body, and therefore Congress was not
called upon to act under any power which it
possessed.
But, sir, the charter government of Rhode
Island, through its Executive, did call upon
the President of the United States to aid in
putting down what was regarded aa an insur-
rection in the State by interposing military
power against the Dorr government, and the
President of the United States recognized the
charter government of Rhode Island in re-
sponding to that call. Although troops were
not called out, yet the President did respond
to that call, and recognized by that response
the charter government of Rhode Island ; and
the Supreme Court of the United States say
that that action of the Executive, in connec-
tion with the decision of the highest court of
Rhode Island, was conclusive upon the judi-
cial department of the United States; yes, sir,
conclusive upon the question whether the char-
ter government was the legitimate and valid
government of Rhode Island. Then the case
of Luther vs. Borden establishes this proposi-
tion: that the Executive of the United States
having recognized a State government, the
State having once been in the Union, that
recognition is binding upon the judiciary.
In 4 Wallace, ex parte Milligan, the court
reviews the case of Luther vs. Borden, and
holds the following language :
"This court held that n State tuny use its military
power to put down an armed insurrection too strong
to be controlled by the civil authority; and if the
Legislature of llhodo Island thought the peril so
great ns to require the use of its military forces and
the declaration of martial law there was no ground on
which this court could question its authority; and as
Borden acted under military orders of the charter
government, which had been recognized by the polit-
ical power of the country, and was upheld by the
Stato judiciary. lie was justified in breaking into and
eutcrinK Luther's house, i'liis is the eitent of the
decision."
This is the extent of the decision—that the
ruling of the judiciary of Rhode Island, in con-
nection with the recognition of that State gov-
ernment by the Executive of the United States,
was conclusive upon the judiciary of the United
States on the question as to whether it was a
State government.
Now, Mr. President, I claim that Mr. Lin-
coln, in most express terms, in most emphatic
language, in language at the time somewhat
offensive to some members of his own party,
held the same doctrine; and I call the atten-
tion of Senators to the proclamation to which
I refer. In the first place, Mr. Lincoln, on the
8th of December, 1803, issued a proclamation,
first, of general amnesty to those who would
take a prescribed oath, and then assuring them
, that if the people of these States would reor-
, ganize State governments, loyal in their char-
acter, the Executive would respect and, under
this clause of the Constitution, would guaranty
those governments. Here is his language—not
calling upon Congress as the source of power
for the action of the people, but appealing
directly to the people independently of Con-
gress. He says that if they will reorganize
their State governments—
"Such shall be recognized as the true government
of the State, and the State shall receive thereunder
the benefits of the constitutional provision which
declares that 'the United States shall guaranty to
every State in this Union a republican form of gov-
ernment,' " &e.
In this connection it is proper for me to say
that Mr. Lincoln declared in that proclamation
that the Executive recognition of the State gov-
ernment would not be binding upon Congress
on the single question of the admission of Sen-
ators and Representatives, for the reason that
to judge of their qualifications was, by the
Constitution, left expressly to each branch of
Congress.
But, sir, I now come to the most emphatic
declaration that'Mr. Lincoln has made on this
subject, and after which you ought not to have
elected him President, if your laws now stand
upon the true construction of the Constitu-
tion. The Winter Davis bill passgd on the
last day or two of the first session of the Thir-
ty-Eighth Congress. It provided a legislative
mode of reorganization, a legislative policy,
and Mr. Lincoln put that bill in his pocket.
Instead of acting under that bill, he threw it
back in the face of Congress and said that
Congress should not tie his hands to any par-
ticular mode of reorganization. Here is his
proclamation, dated on the 8th day of July,
1864, after you had renominated him but before
you had reelected him. Mr. Lincoln recites, in
the first place, the passage of the Winter Davis
bill, and in his proclamation he says that the
proposed mode was agreeable to him ; that he
liked the plan well enough ; but he goes on to
say:
"Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President
of the United States, do proclaim, declare, and make
known, that, while I am (as I was in December last,
when by proclamation I propounded a plan for res-
toration) unprepared by a formal approval of this
bill, to be inflexibly committed to any single plan
of restoration."
Because he was not willing to be bound to
any plan therefore he would not approve the
congressional plan by signing the bill; and he
further declared that if the people would act
according to the plan proposed by Congress
he woold recognize their action, not because
