856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
close of the month of September, in the speech
to which I have already referred. My col-
league says:
" I desire, in the first place, to remark that to me
the general condition of the oountry is most promis-
ing and favorable."
Mark you, this is the testimony of my col-
league when Mr. Johnson had almost consum-
mated his policy of restoration.
"I know there are those who tako gloomy views
of wiiat is callcd the work ot' reconstruction, but to
me the project seem? hi • hIy encouraging. The war
terminated suddenly, and the submission on the part
of the people of the -outhern States has been more
compleie and sudden than I had expected."
Here, Mr. President, is the testimony of my
colleague, who had intimate relations with the
South a-i the Governor of the State of Indiana;
testimony given at the time that the people had
acquiesced in the result of the war, that their
condition of obedience to the law in respect to
the Government was more encouraging than
he had expected. What a strange contrast
does this testimony of my colleague, given at
the time, bear to the remarkable speech to
which we have just listened from the Senator
from New Hamp-hire, [Mr. Ciiagix.] If it
were courteous and in senatorial language I
would say that scarcely any of the statements
of fact contained in that speech are entitled to
the credit and the confidence of the country.
Since this world began no community has been
so misrepresented, so uniformly and foully be-
lied as the men ot' the South who have sought,
under Mr. Johnson's policj', to bring the
States again into practical aud harmonious
relations with the Government of the United
States.
Then, Mr. President, this is the evidence of
what was the condition of southern society at
the close of the war. The war had done its
■work. The South was conquered, to use the
language of the majority ; subjugated, if you
please. They yielded obedience to law ; they
acquiesced in the authority of the Government;
find General Grant said that he felt that it was
our duty to take advantage of this favorable
condition of the popular mind of the South.
To take advantage of it for what purpose ? To
get these people back again, to place the States
once more in harmonious and practical rela-
tions with the Government. Finding this favor-
able condition of the country, Mr. Johnson, as
President of the United States, proceeded to
his work of restoration. He issued his procla-
mation of May 29, 1865, to which I now call
the attention of the Senate. He does not
assume to possess the power of making State
Governments. He, as military governor of
Tennessee, had issued his proclamation declar-
ing that the people, by virtue of their inherent
right and power, had amended the constitution
of that State ; and upon that very doctrine of
the right and power of the people to amend
their constitutions he issued his proclamation
of May 29, 1865. In the first place, I will
state th:U he directed each of the Departments
to extend its operations into the southern States.
Then he goes on with the work of providing for
restoration ; and what propositions does he lay
down ? First, he recognizes the old State gov-
ernment of North Carolina, just as he had
done in Tennessee, just as Congress did in
admitting Tennessee with the recitals in the
preamble ; for, after appointing a provisional
governor and giving him instructions, he says :
"A convention composed of delegates to be chosen
by that portion of the people of said State who are
loyal to the United States, and no others, for the
purpose of altering or amending the constitution
thereof."
Not for the purpose of making a new State
government, not for the purpose of making a
new constitution, but of altering or amending
that constitution which had come down through
the war, that constitution which as a ligament,
as i said before, held the State of North Caro-
lina as an organized political community to the
Union. Next, he recognizes the authority of
the people:
" And with authority to exercise within the limits
of said State, all the power* necessary and proper to
enable sueh loyal people of the State of North Caro-
lina to restore said State to its constitutional rela-
tions to the Federal Government."
Not to place it in a shape where Congress
might restore these practical relations, but to
enable the people themselves to do this great
work. Two years ago—and I then had the
assent to my proposition by the nod of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade]—I
expressed aa my opinion, which I hold yet, that
by virtue of this constitutional obligation to
guaranty a republican form of government, it
is competent for the United States through the
proper department to do what will enable the
people to exercise their sovereignty of amend-
ing their constitution, and bringing it into prac-
tical relations to the United States. The Presi-
dent proclaimed that when the people them-
selves have thus amended their constitution and
placed it in harmony with the Government of
the United States it will be recognized by the
executive department.
His purpose then was to aid the people, to
give them the support of an organization, just
as Congress, without any constitutional provis-
ion on the subject, gives the people of a Terri-
tory an enabling act, not because Congress has
the power as an original thing to establish a
territorial government, but because Congress
has the power to admit new States into the
Union, Congress may do that which will ena-
ble the people to form State governments. So
the Executive in this case, in my judgment,
very properly did that which would enable the
people to bring their State into practical rela-
tions with the Government.
My colleague and others have said that Mr.
Johnson regarded this government which was
to be established in North Carolina as provis-
ional. There is a mistake right here, and a
very serious one. The President in his procla-
mation, and everywhere, recognizes the author-
ity of Governor Holden as provisional, as tem-
porary; that his power was to be but for a
time; but until what time? Until the time
that the people, exercising their original S6v-
ereignty, could act and place their State govern-
ment in proper shape. That government that
the people were to reorganize was not to be
provisional. It was to be as enduring as the
people could make any government. He did
not contemplate that it was to be provisional.
He contemplated that it should be perpetual.
He authorized the Governor to aid the people
in amending their constitution, and when the
amendment should be adopted, what was the
effect of it? Did he contemplate that an amend-
ment of the organic law of a State was but tem-
porary ? Does any Senator attribute such folly
to the President? No, sir; the government
that was provisional in North Carolina was the
authority of the Governor. As soon as the
people acted and amended their State consti-
tution, then the work was done; the provis-
ional governor ceased to have any authority;
and firmly fixed, the State was once more in
practical relations with the Federal Govern-
ment.
Mr. President, I cannot understand why
Senators have made such war against Mr.
Johnson because he did this. I do not under-
stand it. I take it Senators are just; that they
bring no railing accusation against the Presi-
dent. I have heretofore said, and I now repeat,
that I am no partisan defender of the Presi-
dent; but I defend the President when I think
he is right, because I claim to be a just man.
I want to know of Senators, after Mr. Lin-
coln had issued his proclamation of the 8th
of December, 1863, in which he placed this
power in the Executive, and after you elected
him upon that doctrine, how can you say that
Mr. Johnson is wrong in doing the same thing ?
After the proclamation of the 8th of Decem-
ber, 1863, and after the proclamation of July,
1864, when he threw back into your faces the
congressional plan of restoration, and said he
would be bound by no such policy, but that
his hands should be free to the close of the
war to aid the people in bringing themselves
into relations with the Government upon such
plan as he thought was best—after all that you
elected Mr. Lincoln President, and you—I
speak with respect to the majority of thia
body—you said to your supporters at homo
that that policy was right. You cannot vote
it and then come into the Senate and denounce
it. If it was right in Mr. Lincoln to do it, it
is not wrong for Mr. Johnson ; and, as a just
man, although I did not help to elect either,
I shall say that consistency is not to be con-
demned by the men that participated in it
throughout.
Mr. President; Mr. Johnson adopted simply
Mr. Lincoln's plan. I am going to settle that
point beyond all question, and first I shall do
it by the authority of my colleague, which, in
in my judgment, is quite sufficient authority,
inasmuch as his speech has been recognized
on all sides as the proper and able exposition
of the policy of the party in power. My col-
league said—and this, you will recollect, was
after the conventions had been called; I believe
after they had been in session, or while they
were in session in these southern States—when
Mr. Johnson's work of reconstruction was
going on:
"It is one of my purposes here this evening to
show that, so far as his policy of amnesty and recon-
struction is concerned, no has absolutely presented
nothing new, but that he has simply presented, and
is simply continuing, the policy which Mr. Lincoln
presented to the nation on the 8th of December,
1863."
These are plain words. This was said by
the then Governor of the State of Indiana, by
my present honored colleague, that Mr. John-
son in that policy which was then being con-
summated was simply carrying out that which
the President whom you all indorse had in-
augurated.
Now, sir, I will read from my colleague's
message—a carefully prepared document—to
the Legislature of Indiana, of November 14,
1865. I presume North Carolina had then
passed her constitutional amendments, and
perhaps some of the other States:
" The conditions which have been imposed upon
these Statc3 by tho Presidentare not only reasonable
and legitimate but are dictated by justice and a wiso
foresight for the future of thcRepublic; and although
they may not be accepted thisyear.or eventhenext,
yet that they ultimately will be I have no doubt."
On this particular point I will read again from
the testimony of General Grant. In his exam-
ination before the Committee of Impeachment
in July last he was asked by Mr. Woodbbidge,
a member of the committee—
" Quertion. I wantto know whether theplan adopted
by Mr. Johnson was substantially tho plan which had
been inaugurated by Mr. Lincoln as the basis for his
future action ?
" Answer. Yes, sir; substantially. I do not know
but that it was verbatim tho same.-
" Question. I suppose the very paper of Mr. Lincoln
was the one acted on ?
" Answer. I should think so. I think that the very
paper which I heard read twice while Mr. Lincoln
was President was the one which was carried right
through."
And yet you bring your accusations against
Mr. Johnson because he received from Mr. Lin-
coln, as a part of his political inheritance, the
North Carolina proclamation, in his own hand-
writing perhaps, at least the proclamation which
President Lincoln had twice presented to the
Cabinet, the very same paper.
Now, sir, under this proclamation and the
other proclamations of similar import new con-
stitutions were not adopted by the southern
States. They stood upon the idea which you
stood upon in admitting Tennessee, that the
constitutions which held these States to the
Union came through the war and were valid,
existing law at the close of the war; and so
in all of the States of the South they simply
amended their constitutions. These amend-
ments in the case of North Carolina were sub-
mitted to the people. My colleague said that
none had been submitted. In the State of
North Carolina the important amendments,
the one abolishing slavery and some others,
were submitted to the people.
But, sir, I am not going to discuss that ques-
tion. It has been too long the established law
and custom of this country that a constitutional
convention may adopt a constitution without
submission to be now questioned. As was
