1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
and at Chunnennnny Ridge to join them, and their
intention was to subdue the whites and take pos-
session of the country."
A few (hn s since, us late as the 9th of this 1
mouth, I see that in North Carolina there have !
been similar organizations of negroes under
the influence and control of these leagues, dan-
gerous to the peace and quiet of society.
" Raleigh, January l$t>8.—Intelligeuco has just
boon received here of the capture of a gang of negro
desperadoes, who have for «orao time past infested
the eastern portion of the State, committing nightly
murders and outrages to such an extent that the
people were completely terror-stricken. About the
latter part of December the people of Green county
were thrown into the utmost excitement and alarm
by the presence of a gaug of negro robbers, who
were armed and in the neighborhood for the pur-
poses of murder, arson, and incendiarism. Theireap-
ture was effected on information furnished by two
negroes, respectively named John Dixon and Ilardy
Coward, who, with a number of both whites and
bl.ieks, combined to effeet the arrest of the banditti.
Alter careful reconnoissance and considerable strat-
egy, Xeedh.iiu Speight, ttliat Xectlham Evans, John
Dunn, alia« Custis, aii'ti John Miller, were sur-
rounded and caotured They weretound to bearmed
with three double-barreled guns, two pistols, and one
dirk. They had also three sacks of clothes, a I arse
quantity of fine dresses for ladies, ladies' undercloth-
ing, and a quantity of old pcar-h brandy.
"The day alter the cam pine place they had occupied
previously was discovered, and here were found the
notes, bonds, and bank stock id WillisBrierly, the man
whom I have hitherto reported murdered in the pres-
ence of his wife; and who was al-o robbed of a trunk
containing a large ainouut of specie andState money.
The desperadoes confessed to the abovomurdcr: also
that they robbed and beat a Mr. Taylor; that they
shot a Mr. C. M. A. Griffin, and that it was then their
intention, before arre.-tcd, to pillage and destroy the
stores and residences at Fountain Hill, a village
close by, as well as a Mr. Pittman's residence, about
a uiile from where they were arrested.''
This came over the telegraph from North
Carolina within a few clays. 1'his is a large
organization disturbing the peace and quiet of
society and dangerous to the lives and property
of the people. On the subject of this strife that
may cooie, as my colleague said in his speech
of 1SG-5, between the two races I have just this
to say: that that strife when it comes is likely
to come from such sources as I have read, and
is likely to be accompanied with scenes of bar-
barism and cruelty such as we cannot contem-
plate without horror. Very recently I had
occasion to express my feelings in regard to that,
and 1 did it in this language:
" Whatever may have been the sympathies of the
North on the question of freedom from slavery, you
need not think they will be with the negro in this hor-
rible contest now imminent; tor when the northern
man sees the mother and children escaping from the
burning home that hassheltered and protected them;
when he hoars the scream of beauty and innoocncein
the flight from pursuing lust, if ever he venerated a
motticr, or loved a sister or wife, his heart and hand
will be for thepale-l.iced woman and child of his own
race. AVhatever may have been the sympathies of
the North tor the negro in the claim made on his be-
half for civil rigots, just and generous men will turn
with horror froui the congressional policy that places
the white race under the power and government of
the negroes, and seeks to establish ten negro States
in the Union."
Frequent references in the course of this
debate have been made to supposed outrages
and cruelties upon Union men in the southern
States. On that point I beg to refer to Report
No. 23, of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, in the
House of Representatives. In the minority
report the following statement of the evidence
is made:
"It is true that they (Generals Thomas, Sickles,
Wood, and Bairdj mention, in general terms, that
Union men. Federal soldiers, and treedmen were not
safe in their departments, but when asked to specify
tiie number of cases, and the localities where they
have occurred, and the names of the parties injured
within the last twelve months, they could only men-
tion one casein the State of Tennessee, at Nashville;
one in the State of Mis issippi, at Granada: one in
the State of Louisiana, on the road between Alexan-
dria and Monroe; and not a single case in the State
of Virginia, except the Watson case, and no case in
North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, or Alabama.
"General Thomas proves that the accused in the
case at Nashville was promptly arrested and held
for trial.
"General Wood states that in the case of the mur-
deratGranada, 'the civil authorities did exert them-
selves to have the murderer arrested, and that it was
not their fault that he was not arrested.'
"General Baird says, in regard to the murder of
the officer of tne Freedmen's Bureau, on the road
between Alexandria and Monroe, 'that we never
succeeded in finding out the parties who did it.'
"General Scofield testifies: 'I have not seen any
disposition manifested to interfere with soldiers of
the United States, so far as committing assaults on
them, and I know of no instance in which there
has been anything like an unprovoked attack upon
them and as to the frecdmen, he says: ' When ne-
groes nre arrested under any criminal accusntion, I
think they are dealt with rather leniently than se-
verely. I do not tliiuk that there is a disposition to
persecute them, or to be unnecessarily harsh to them.
In fact, the general feeling of tho respectable people
ot Virginia is that of pity toward the freedmen.' They
all testily in the most explicit manner 'that they
have no fault to find with tho Governors of the re-
spective States, or the high officials, or the judges
of tho superior courts, or the intelligent and well-
informed citizens; that they have always manifested
an earnestdesire to assist them whenever called upon
so to do.'"
Now, sir, when I have noticed a very few
points made by my colleague upon matters
not exactly connected with the issue before
the Senate, I shall have closed what I felt it
to be my duty to say to the Senate. He says
that gentleman spoke but for himself when he
said your reconstruction measures were out-
side of the Constitution. I suppose my col-
league refers to Mr. Stevens, of the House.
Here is what Mr. Stevens said upon that
subject. I read from his letter of the 26th of
August, 1867:
"Some of the members of tho Senate"—
some of the majority, of course, he refers to—
"seemed to doubt their power under tho Constitu-
tion which they had just repudiated, and wholly
outside of which all agreed that wo were acting, else
our whole work of reconstruction was usurpation."
He does not speak for himself alone ; he
says all agreed. I wonder where you did agree
to it. 1 kuow there were frequent caucuses,
and I was not admitted to the secrets of those
caucuses, and of course I cannot state what
was agreed upon. But he says all agreed that
this policy of yours and these laws of yours are
outside of the Constitution, and if they are
inside the Constitution they are acts of usurp-
ation. My colleague very summarily disposes
of him. Why, sir, who is Mr. Stevens? He
is no obscure man. He was the chairman, as
I understand, of the Committee on Recon-
struction, and is the very author of your bills.
From his brain they sprung; from his brain
, they received their support in the House of
i Representatives. I believe he is still the chair-
: man in the House of Representatives of the
, Committee on Reconstruction. He is author-
! ized to speak much more than my colleague,
who was not, when the first bill was passed, a
i member of this body. Then, Mr. Stevens
; being chairman of the committee, and being
! conversant with your councils and secrets,
• says all agreed that this policy was outside of
j the Constitution; and if it was outside it was
a clear case of usurpation,
i Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what
j the honorable member of the House referred
to may have said, but if he used these words
and referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion, I can only say that he spoke without any
authority from the chairman of that committee
on the part of the Senate. I never heard the
sentiment expressed there by any member of
the committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. "Will the Senator be
pleased to say whether Mr. Stevens was
chairman of the committee on the part of the
House?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; he was.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I am right in that
regard, and he is chairman yet, I believe. This
letter is not disputed; my extract is correct as
I have read it. It was published all over Penn-
sylvania and all over the country, and it has
never been disputed by Mr. Stevens. Of course
this is the letter referred to by my colleague in
his speech the other day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He only spoke for himr
self.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not say that his
remark included the Senator, but he included
somebody ; I do not know who. He said we
all knew this—all knew it was outside the Con-
stitution. I thought I did without any inform-
ation from him on that subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It sometimes happens,
as the Senator is aware, that when a gentleman
agrees with himself he thinks everybody else
agrees with him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought the Senator
from Maine interrupted me a moment ago for
a proper purpose and I cheerfully yielded for it;
but when he stoops from the high position that
he holds in this body and in the country to give
a slur instead of a statement of fact, I do not
admit his right to do it without my permission.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me? Does the Senator understand me as giv-
ing a slur at him ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg to say that I bad
not the slighest reference to the Senator in the
remark I made.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the only purpose
of the Senator could have been to interrupt
the line of argument.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator has a right
to disclaim that he is spoken of by Mr. Stevens
in this letter, and that far I yield him the floor;
but not for the purpose of breaking the line of
my argument.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had no such purpose,
Mr. President. The Senator is too skillful a
debater to be troubled in that way by a single
remark, and if I had any such purpose I should
not try it upon him of all men. I beg to dis-
claim any such purpose. I had no reference to
him in any way whatever. I have heard much
consequence attached to this remark which is
said to have been made in a letter of the gen-
tleman referred to; I do not know that I ever
saw it. My object in rising was simply to- say
for myself, and so far as I know for the other
members of the Committee on Reconstruction,
that no such idea was admitted there. I nevei
heard it there, never heard it mentioned there.
My additional remark did not refer to the Sen-
ator but to some peculiar men—I think the
Senator might guess who they are—opinionated
men who are apt to think that if they agree
with themselves everybody else agrees with
them. In that remark I did not refer to the
Senator.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When the Senator dis-
claims the application of his remarks to me, it
is satisfactory, except in one regard; it was
throwing in an interruption without my per-
mission. When the Senator from Maine in-
terrupts me to throw in a sentence that simply
serves to disturb the line of thought, that I
think he has no right to do ; but as be disclaims
the application of the offensive language to me
of course it is satisfactory.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator from Indiana for a moment; I enter-
tain no such purpose, as I think he will admit,
in interrupting him as he seems to impute. I
simply desire to say that I was a member of
the joint Committee on Reconstruction as it is
called, and I think I met with the committee
on almost every occasion, and I am here now
to declare for myself, and so far as I know the
sentiments of any other member of that com-
mittee, the committee entertained no such opin-
ion as seems to have been imputed to them by
Mr. Stevens in the letter which the honorable
Senator has read. I never entertained any such
opinion, nor do I believe that any other mem-
ber of that committee ever entertained that
opinion, so that the remarks, so far as it is ap-
plicable to that committee, it strikes me is
gratuitous.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me one moment I will say that I have heard
this statement of Mr. Stevens repeated over
and over again and I never knew what itmeant;
and I will say further that there never was, to
my knowledge, on the part of the Reconstruc-
tion Committee speaking at large, or the branch
of that committee which belonged to the House
of Representatives, any foundation whatever
for the assertion that they supposed they were
acting outside of the Constitution, or in dero-
gation of the Constitution. I am sure no such
thing ever occurred when I was present.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I think
the majority ought to keep a close record. My
colleague spoke of the process of education
