1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
umitte J slaves. There are only two cases where
Mich n measure lias boon seriously urged be-
fore Congress, ami upon that point I ask the
attention ot'llie Senate for a single minute.
In lSti- Mr. Lincoln sent a special message
to Congress proposing that they should adopt
a joint resolution, which he drew and sent
down to Congress, to buy up the slaves of the
loyal people. My distinguished friend from
Mew York TMr. Coxkling] was then a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives, and he
was the honored mouthpiece of the Adminis-
tration in favor of this policy on that occasion.
He introduced into the House the resolution
sent down by Mr. Lincoln; and here it is; I
will read it :
" 'I hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Unttetl States in Congress assembled, That the
United State? ought to cooperate with any State
which way adopt gradual abolishment of slavery,
giving to such State pecuniary aid, to be used by such
State in it* discretion, to compensate for the incon-
veniences. public and private, produced by such
chauge of system."
Are Democrats to be charged now with be-
ing in favor of buying up negroes? What was
the answer made by Indiana on the day that
resolution was introduced in the House of
Representatives? Mr. Voorhees, then a Rep-
resentative from Indiana, said:
"If there is any border slave State man here who
is in doubt whether he wants his State to sell its
slaves to this Government or not, I represent a peo-
ple that is in no doubt as to whether they want to
become the purchasers. It takes two to make a
bargain; and I repudiate, once and forever, for the
people whom I represent on this floor, any part or
parcel in such a contract."
And he went on to argue against the pro- I
position. !
But, Mr. President, who is it that brings the
charge against us of wanting to pay for negroes?
There is only one case in the history of this
Government where money has been taken out
of the national Treasury to pay for negroes,
and that was to buy up the negroes of the Dis-
trict of Columbia at $300 a head ; and the
party in the majority passed that law and it
was approved by Mr. Lincoln. Then who has
the right to charge against the Democracy of
this country a purpose to pay for slave prop-
erty ? The Democracy have never recognized
such property in negroes as required or author-
ized the Government to pay money out of the
national Treasury for them ?
Mr. President, my colleague has spoken of
a column—the column of congressional recon-
struction—and has said that "it is not hewn
of a single stone, but is composed of many
blocks." Sir, I think he is right. Its found-
ation is the hard flint-stone of military rule,'
brought from the quarries of Austria, and upon
that foundation rests the block from Africa,
and it is thence carried to its topmost point
with fragments of our broken institutions.
That column will not stand. It will fall, and
its architects will be crushed beneath its ruins.
In its stead the people will uphold thirty-
seven stately and beautiful columns, pure and
white as Parian marble, upon which shall rest
forever the grand structure of the American
Union.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. POME ROY. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin yield to'a motion to adjourn?'
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; I will give way for
that purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion to enable me to make a
report from a committee of conference.
Mr. POMEROY. Certainly.
COTTON TAX,
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill in regard
to the cotton tax to submit a report.
The Secretary read the report, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. H. No. 207)
to provide.for the exemption of dotton from internal
tax having met, after full and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments to
the bill of the House and agree to the same, with an
amendment as follows: add to tho bill the following
words, " and eotton imported from foreign countries
on and after November 1, 1808, shall bo exempt
from dutyand tho House agree to the same.
K. I>. MORGAN,
JOHN CONNfiSS,
C. R. BUCKALEW,
Managers on (he part of the Senate.
WILLIAM B. ALLISON,
J. O. 1SLAINE,
L. S. TRIMBLE,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have nothing to say in
regard to the report of the committee of con-
ference ; I have no doubt it will be agreed to ;
but I desire to make a correction in what I said
the other day. The Speaker of the House of
Representatives thinks I did him injustice in a
remark I made in regard to the appointment
of the former committee of conference on this
bill, and as I certainly would not do any injus-
tice to a gentleman whom I esteem so highly,
not only as an admirable officer but as an old
friend and associate, I desire to make a cor-
rection. In quoting him I stated his language
stronger than I was justified by the facts. He
spoke of the instruction of the Senate to a
former committee of conference as being con-
trary to the usual practice of legislative bodies.
In quoting his remarks I stated that he declared
'• that we had instructed the committee of con-
ference to adhere to our proposition.'' He did
not make that statement. In that I was incor-
rect, and I am very glad to make this explana-
tion.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson , its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the joint resolution (H.
II. No. 136) to provide for the sale of iron-
clads, and to the joint resolution (H. R. No.
140) to provide for a commission to examine
and report on meters for distilled spirits.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 30, 18G8.
1 The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
I The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
WAR CLAIM OF IOWA.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Appropriations, re-
ported back a communication from the Secre-
tary of War ad interim, respecting the claim
of the State of Iowa for supplies furnished
during the rebellion, and moved that the same
be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs ; which motion was agreed to.
INCOME TAX.
Mr. SELYE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ;• which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House, at his earliest con-
venience, the number of persons paying an income
tax in each State, with the aggregate amount so
paid, by States; also thenumberof manufacturers in
each State paying revenuo tax, with the aggregate
amount so paid in each State,
NATIONAL RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Commerce, reported
back House bill No. 224, to charter the Wash-
ington and Cincinnati National Railroad Com-
pany, and moved that it be ordered to be
printed and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider therote
by whiclr the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PASS A L OUTRE,
Mr. EGGLESTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 5<J4) to take pos-
session of the bar known as Pass t\L' Outre at
the entrance of the Mississippi river, and to
construct a canal without any expense to the
Government; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
; Commerce.
| PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. MARSHALL. Iaskunanimousconsent
to make a brief personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. MARSHALL. I cannot say.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman .will
have an hour, if there be no objection.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. MARSHALL. I shall not detain the
House at any great length of time. In some
unpremeditated remarks made by myself some
ten days ago on a bill then pending before the
House it seems by the report that I made some
allusions not of a very complimentary nature
to what was characterized as the '' military
Jeffreys of Kentucky." Major General Bur-
bridge, it seems, thinks the picture drawn is of
such a character that it can apply to no one
but himself, and, after some eight or ten days'
"nursing his wrath to keep it warm," he has
thought proper to appear before the people in
vindication of himself by a card, which has
been brought to my attention, appearing in the
Chronicle of thi3 morning. I ask to have it
read at the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Card from Major Oen'ebal Burbridge.
To the Editor of the Chronicle.'
I have seen an extract of a speech delivered in the
House of Representatives of the Congressof the Uni-
ted States by one S. S. Marshall, of Illinois, that
demands a notice at my hands. This reckless and
vindictive man, true to hisperverse nature, proceeded
to characterize me as the military Jeffreys of Ken-
tucky, and "who was so fortunate in arresting and
massacring non-combatants and peaceful citizens,
and imprisoning women and children, placed tinder
his jurisdiction." Ho is deeply pained that his con-
federates were arrested in Kentucky and tried by a
court-martial composed of honorable officers of the
national Army for crimes of murder and gross out-
rages against the laws of war, and were convicted
upon indisputable evidence and executed under my
administration. His statement that these men were
"non-combatants" and "peaceful citizens" is per-
haps as near the truth as such a nature is capable of
making. These "peaceful citizens" were outlaws
against society and criminals against human nature
itself; murdering, robbing, and plundering without
regard to age, sex, or condition, They were men
whom no faith would bind and no circumstances of
life appease. They made every community they en-
tered living witnesses of their ferocious crimes. It
will sound strange to the citizens and good-thinking
people of this country to hear from the Halls of Con-
gress a court composed of honorable soldiers who
: had sustained the burdens of many a bloody battle-
field charged with the crime of massacring "non-
combatants and peaceful citizens." To say nothing
of my own sense of justice and honor, I apprehend
there is not a heart so debased, unless it be among
this man's faithful friends and confederates, as to
believe such a statement, and not another tongue£0
! fal;-e as to utter it.
J It is again stated that I imprisoned some wofnen
! and children placed under my protection. The truth
i is, that some women of notoriously treasonable char-
acter, for aiding arjd abetting the enemies of the
country, and who sought to compass the destruction
of our troops, were ordered out of tho State of Ken-
tucky by me, acting under a general order from Gen-
eral Sherman,farmore rigorous,butnotthe less just,
than my own. No woman was ever "imprisoned,"
no child was ever "imprisoned," by me. Thus this
charge is as willfully and perversely false as the other.
For the discharge of my duty to my country in the
i most humane manner compatible with the publift
safety I have been maligned and trstdueed by the
whole pack of traitors. North and South. That duty
was performed faithfully and earnestly. If the times
ever demanded it, which may God avert, it shall be
done again, earnestly, promptly, and effectually. It
is to be regretted that the hand of justice fell so
heavily only upon the misguided, but none the less
criminal, traitors of the South. If those in the North
who inspired this crimo had possessed their courage,
justice would have been more equally distributed.
Their shield was their cowardice, not their patriotism
or their virtue. If I am to be proscribed for my ser-
vices to my country let the truth be known. I shall
not tamely submit to have my character aspersed by
men so regardless of truth and honor, and so wan-
tonly malignant toward the soldiers of this Union, as
this Representative of treason in the Congress of the
nation. I have no excuse to give and no apology to
make for my presence in Washington. I presume
that even a Federal soldier may visit the capital of
