1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
after the inquiry of the gentleman from New
York, and after the Chair had asked for objec-
tions without receiving any respouse.
Mr. BOiER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia, 1 think, rose in his seat to make objec-
tion before the Speaker had decided.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia desires to explain. The Chair will hear
the gentleman.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, I distinctly
said in my seat, '• I object.''
The SPEAKER. An objection cannot be
recognized unless a gentleman rises in his seat
and objects.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rose immediately after
making that objection and endeavored to catch
the eye of the Speaker. I wanted to say that
if the resolution would designate by name the
justice to which it referred I would have no
objection to the resolution, and I thought no
other gentleman on the floor would object. I
rose for the purpose of making an objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
make a formal objection. When gentlemen
object in their seats the Chair cannot recognize
the objection unless he happens to hear it.
The Chair did not hear the gentleman from
California object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to say one word
in regard to this resolution.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] yield to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge?]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not yield.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order
as to whether the resolution is before the
House. I rose for the purpose of objecting to
the resolution ; bnt supposing that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Prcyn] was mak-
ing an objection I did not then object. I un-
derstood his inquiry to be in the nature of an
objection. The moment the question put by
the gentleman was answered I did make the
objection.
The SPEAKER. According to the state-
ment of the gentleman from Wisconsin he did
not make the objection in time. When the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Pruyn] rose
the Chair asked him distinctly whether he
objected. He stated that he wished to pro-
pound an inquiry to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mj. Scofield.] The Chair then
asked: "Is there objection?" There was
none ; and the Chair then said : " The resolu-
tion is before the House." The Chair then
asked the gentleman from Pennsylvania
whether he yielded to the gentleman from
New York, and he did so. The gentleman
from Wisconsin, according to his own state-
ment, did not object in time, although he may
have intended to do so.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rose to object while
the gentleman from New York was speaking.
Mr. PRUYN. I supposed, when making
my inquiry of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, that the Chair understood the right to
object was reserved.
The SPEAKER. In regard to this trans-
action, which has taken place in the presence
of the whole House, the Chair has stated his
understanding of what occurred. If the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin and the gentleman
from New York are not satisfied with the
decision, the Chair will be gratified if they will
take an appeal.
Mr. BLAINE. As a great deal has been
said on the other side as to whether objection
was made in time. I wish to say that it was the
opinion all around where I stood that the Chair
allowed an unusual amount of time for objec-
tion to be made, and none was made. And
gentlemen who wished to object, or who in-
tended to object, or who would have objected
if they had not supposed that somebody else
would object, have no right to come in here
with any such plea.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suppose that is the
law.
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, sir; that is the law of
the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish now to answer the
question propounded to me by the gentleman
from New York. He inquired whether I my-
self alleged that a justice of the Supreme Court
had been so open in the expression of his judi-
cial opinion regarding legislation of Congress.
I wish to say to the gentlemen that I have no
knowledge in regard to this matter except what
I gather from this paper. I believe, however,
that the same statement is made in a Balti-
more paper of this morning, the name of the
judge being there mentioned. I have chosen
to take, as the basis of the resolution, the arti-
cle published in this city, because the name of
the judge is not given.
Oi> the question whether this resolution
should be adopted, I take it for granted that
every gentleman on this floor would like to
see a judge of the Supreme Court vindicated
from these aspersions of this journal, if they
are untrue. I supposed that was the rea-
son nobody objected to the introduction of
the resolution. The resolution makes it the
duty of the Judiciary Committee of this House
to inquire into the truth of the allegation, so
that it'they find it false their report may vindi-
cate the character of the judge, and if they
find it true they may report what action, in
their opinion, ought to be taken.
I am quite sure the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Johnson',] who says he intended
to object, on reflection will be glad to have it
introduced and go before the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I heard, before I saw this, that in
a responsible paper of the city rumors were
afloat that judges were coming down from the
| bench and going sometimes into places we
i thought beneath them, and telling, in advance,
. what they intended to do. I never believed
it; but when I saw it published in print in a
paper so respectable I thought it was time
some inquiry should be made ; and I am quite
sure my friends on the other side of the House
will agree with me, on reflection, an inquiry
should be made.
Mr. PRDYN. When so serious a charge
as this is made against any judge of the Su-
preme Court, or against all the judges as it
now stands, I think the gentleman presenting
the charge should satisfy himself, after thor-
ough personal inquiry, there was ground for
the resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. This is not a charge.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suppose the gentleman
from New York will have more confidence in
the authority I refer to in the resolution than
I would.
Mr. PRUYN. I do not know the authority.
I never heard of the charge before in any man-
ner, shape, or form.
j Mr. SCOFIELD. The preamble states what
paper made the allegation. It is a Washing-
| ton paper.
I Mr. PRUYN. It does not matter. One
word more. Another objection I have to in-
; troducing this resolution in this way is that it
! casts aspersion upon the whole court. By
refusing to point out the individual to whom
reference is made the committee itself cannot
investigate this matter understanding^, and by
i direction of the House it goes out as an imputa-
tion on the whole court.
! Mr. SCOFIELD. So far from casting an
; aspersion upon the judges or any member of
that court, I hope to vindicate them. I have
still some hope there is one department of the
Government that may differ politically with
this House and Senate and still will not be
guilty of the charge preferred against them in
a journal supposed to be in political sympathy
with them.
Mr. PRUYN. Some hope!
Mr. SCOFIELD. Yes, 1 have some hope.
Mr. PRUYN. Does the gentleman mean
to say he expects this report will prove this
charge to be untrue ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the charge is true it is
bad enough. I now yield to my colleague, [Mr.
Boyer.]
Mr. BOYER. Mr. Speaker, I do not under-
stand any gentleman on this side of the House
would have objected to any inquiry if it had
been based on anything which appeared to be
authentic.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let me ask my colleague
just there if he means to say the Washington
newspaper to which I refer in the resolution
is not " auything authentic," that it is no
authority with him ?
Mr. BOYER. I do not refer to any particu-
lar newspaper, but I do say a mere newspaper
article, I care not in what newspaper it may be
contained, is hardly sufficient to be the basis for
grave investigation on the part of this House.
I presume, if the charge is true, scarcely any
member of this House-but would admit the de-
clarations alleged to have been made by this
judge was indiscreet, and under the circum-
stances improper and unjustifiable; and if the
gentleman had any information of his own
knowledge, something more authentic than a
mere newspaper assertion to base his resolution
upon, I presume nobody on this side of the
House, at least, would have thought of inter-
posing objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
from Maine.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to state the same
charge is repeated this morning in the Balti-
more Gazette, and, as gentlemen seem very
anxious the whole court should not be reflected
on, I will say the Gazette names Stephen J.
Field, of California.
Will the gentleman now
Mr. JOHNSON,
yield?
Mr. SCOFIELD.
Mr. JOHNSON,
for his courtesy. I
I will for a moment.
I thank the gentleman
wish to say, if this is a
blow at Judge Field, I want the name of that
district judge placed in the resolution. I do
not want the Judiciary Committee of this
House to be turned into a band of scouts and
spies, hunting after the judges of the United
States courts to see whether they can find suf-
ficient grounds for preferring charges of cor-
ruption against them. I desire the name of
Judge Field placed in the resolution, because
this is the foundation of proceedings in im-
peachment. If gentlemen on the other side
desire to impeach that judge because he is as
spotless in character as the robes of the god-
dess of justice, let them give us a fair proceed-
ing. I am willing the resolution shall be passed
if his name is inserted. I am willing he shall
come before the bar of the House or be brought
before the bar of the Senate to answer any
charge.
Bnt, sir, I wish to say farther, if he has gone
upon the street and denounced the reconstruc-
tion bill passed by this House, even in the bitter-
est terms, characterizing it as unconstitutional
and disgraceful to the country, that is no ground
for impeachment. It is merely a political ques-
tion, as gentlemen on the other side of the House
have repeatedly asserted. It does not involve
the rights of property, but is a mere political
question, upon which the judges of the Supreme
Court have as mnch right to express their views,
either in the streets or in private conversation,
as members of Congress have. "Members of
Congress have to vote upon those propositions,
and is it not customary for them to give their
views before the vote is taken ? Is that suffi-
cient ground upon which to base a charge of
corruption? I contend that it is no ground
upon which to bring a charge against a judge
of the Supreme Court that he has denounced
this measure as unconstitutional, and I believe
the court of which he is a member will so
decide.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. Not just now. The gen-
tleman from California thinks I ought to nave
inserted the name of Judge Field. I took the
article from the newspaper as I found it. There
is no name there. That paper is a respectable
journal, barring its politics, and is edited by
a man of ability ana character. I take the
charge as made in that paper. Now, if the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Johnson,]
who is more in sympathy, I suppose, with that
