866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
ican native-born citizens werearrested upon the 11
deck of the vessel which liad brought them to i
British shores. 1
Some such measure as this, Mr. Speaker, is |
necessary, not aloue to define the rights of
American citizens abroad, native born and nat
uralized, but to arrest and resist the arrogant
pretensions of the monarchical Governments of
Europe upon this question. There is no doubt
that it has always been the disposition of those
Governments to treat republican Governments,
and especially our own nation, with contempt.
And in this connection I desire to quote from the
London rimes of the date of the 20th ot May,
lbl4, an extract which is significant as demon-
strating the real ulterior purposes for which the
war of 1812-14 was waged against this country.
This was published within three days after the
conclusion of peace between France and Eng-
land :
"The British negotiators will not, we hope, discuss
the impudent nonsense called an American doctrine
about impressment and native allegiance, but will
demand the safe and undivided possession of the
great lakes, the abandonment of the Newfoundland
fisheries, and tho restoration of Louisiana and tho
usurped Territory of Florida."
The British Government sent out its armies
and navy to enforce the doctrines and purposes
of which we have here the key-note, and but
for the disasters which overtook the British
fleet in Lake Cliamplain from the guns of
Commodore McDonough ; but for the defeat
of the British forces at New Orleans shortly j
afterward by the heroic Jackson ; but for the
power which this nation then developed, that |
doctrine in all its atrocity would have been
enforced by the British nation. And, sir,
to-day every right we possess and exercise as
a republican nation is exercised in the face of I
the contempt of these monarchical Govern- j
ments; is possessed and exercised only by 1
virtue of our power as the greatest nation of
the earth.
Mr. Speaker, the decision of the question at
stake in the late rebellion involved more than
the condition of the people of the United
States The destiny of all mankind was
wrapped up in that struggle, and the agitation
which now pervades western Europe is but the
reflex of the mighty results of our own great
struggle.
There is, Mr. Speaker, an "irrepressible con-
flict, '' not alone between slavery and liberty, but
between republicanism and monarchy; and as
Mr. Lincoln once said of slavery, that "the
contest must continue until this nation shall be
all free or all slave," so this contest must go on
until the entire civilized world is either all re-
publican or all monarchical—until it is, in the
language of the prophecy of Napoleon at St.
Helena, either "all republican or all Cossack."
Now, sir, we who maintained a constant
crusade against slavery in this land did so be-
cause of the inhumanity and injustice involved
in that institution. The same impulses must
carry us still further, and our sympathy as a
party—nay as a people—must be on the side
of liberty and against oppression in all the
lands of this earth; against inhumanity, injus-
tice, and cruelty everywhere.
There is one feature of this bill which, how-
ever, I cannot commend. It is that which has
been referred to by the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] in reference to mak-
ing reprisals upon British subjects as a penalty
for the misconduct of the British Government.
With all deference to the distinguished com-
mittee who have presented this bill, I cannot
but think that such a rule would be severe and
barbarous. I know of no parallel except that
established by thegreat Napoleon in 1803, when,
calling his generals to his council chamber at
midnight, he issued orders to seize during that
night every Englishman, traveler, merchant, or
scientific man, who might be found within the
limits of France and cast them into prison—an
act of barbarism which disgraced the name of
that great man and which contributed not a
little to form the public opinion of the world
against him. (Jpon this point I would ask the
Clerk to read from the sixth volume of Ali-
son's History of England, page 198, the pas-
sage which I have marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
" This declaration of war was immediately fol- 1
lowed by an act as unnecessary as it waji barbarous,
and which contiibutedmore, perhaps, than any other
"ircumstance to produce that strong feeling of ani-
mosity agaiu t Aapoleon which pervaded all classes
in England during the remainder of tho contest.
Two French vessels had been captured, and the First
Consul made that a pretense for ordering the arrest
of all the English then traveling in France between
the ages of eighteen and sixty years. Under this
savage decree, unprecedented in tho annals of mod-
ern warfare, above ten thousand innocent individ-
uals, who had repaired to France in the pursuit of
business, science, or amusement under tho faith of the
law of nations, which never extends hostilities to
persons in such circumstances, were at once thrown
into prison, from whence great numbers of them
were never liberated until the invasion of the allies
in 1814."
Mr. DONNELLY. I have only to add that
our true remedy for this injustice which is prac-
ticed upon our citizens is, as was suggested by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] to
declare that such an act shall be "just ground
for war." It comes to that. No nation can
permit its citizens to be imprisoned in our land
without declaring war against us ; and it is
better to have the.war at once, if it must come,
rather than to accompany it during all its course
by the imprisonment of innocent persons who
may not sympathize with their native land in
the causes which produced the war.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODWARD. I yield three minutes 1
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ward.]
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, 1 sympathize j
fully with the purposes and objects of this bill;
and there is no man in this House who will go !
further than I will in favor of a measure that
will accomplish those purposes. But, sir, I
find a provision in this bill— j
That the President is empowered to employ all the !
resources ot the Government in just efforts to secure
the recognition by other Governments of the princi- I
pies of public law, &c.
Now, I think that that is vesting a very
extraordinary power in the Executive of this
country. It is, in iact, conferring upon him, as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy,
power to involve us in war at any time with
any other Government. It is well known that
the leading European nations, and I believe,
indeed, all of them, take the position that
"once a subject always a subject," and if the
President, in dealing with this question, chooses
under this power in the bill to commence hos-
tilities, will he not feel that he is protected by
this provision in so doing ? I think that that
provision should be stricken from the bill. It
will then be complete enough. It will empower
the President to make all necessary investiga-
tions and to report the matter to Congress for
its decision. I think that that is the condition
in which the law should be placed. The execu-
tive department should report to Congress the
facts, with such recommendations as the Pres-
ident may see proper, and then Congress, as the
war-making power of the Government, can de-
clare war, if necessary and proper. Now, sir,
unless that provision is stricken from the bill
I cannot support it; and I hope those having
charge of the measure will give me an oppor-
5 tunity, at the proper time, to move to strike
out those words.
Mr. BANKS. I now yield the remainder of
my time to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Woodward.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is entitled to the floor for eighteen
minutes.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, first of
all I wish to thank the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Banks] for an
opportunity to say a few words upon this sub-
ject; and 1 also thank the committee, not only
for the bill which they have brought forward,
but for the very satisfactory report with which
it is accompanied, and from which I have
derived very considerable instruction.
I am in favor of the bill as to its main fea-
tures, though I shall have an amendment to
propose, which I do not mean to press unless
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs shall approve it. All just Governments
are founded in the consent of the governed.
Out of this principle result allegiance and pro-
tection; and, according to English law, that
allegiance is perpetual and indefeasible. The
courts of England deny the capacity of the sub
ject of the British Government ever to denude
himself of his allegiance to the Crown of Great
Britain. It attends him wherever he goes and
in whatever circumstances he may be placed,
and for all time, down at least to the second
generation of his descendants. Our courts in
this country have generally followed this doc-
trine of perpetual allegiance because we have
had no declaratory statute on the subject of
expatriation. The prevalent judicial opinion
with us is that a citizen cannot renounce his
allegiance to the United States without per-
mission of the Government, to be declared by
law. In the absence of such a statute the rule
of common law prevails.
Now, sir, the only defect which I see in this
bill is that it fails to supply to the judiciary of
the United States any rule for their decisions
upon this subject. The bill does not in any
of its sections provide for the expatriation of
the American citizen. I submit to fhe chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr.
Banks] that when we are asking foreign Gov-
ernments to make provision in our behalf for
the expatriation of their citizens, it is quite
indispensable that we should begin by provid-
: ing for the expatriation of our own citizens.
To meet this deficiency in the bill I have drawn
| up a section by way of amendment, which,
j however, I will not press unless it has the
approbation of the chairman of the commit-
tee. I ask the Clerk to read it.
I The Clerk read as follows:
1 Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That whenever
any citizen of tho United States, whether native-
born or naturalized, shall remove his domicile to
a foreign country in good faith, and with the inten-
tion of becoming a citizen or subject thereof, and
shall become naturalized under the laws of said for-
eign country, he shall be considered as having ab-
jured his allegiance to the Government of the United
States, with tho consent of the said Government, and
all claims of the said Government upon the alle-
giance of said citizen shall forever cease and de-
termine.
Mr. WOODWARD. My friend from New
York [Mr. Pruyn] has just laid before me an
amendment which in its purport corresponds
with mine, but the phraseology of which I
prefer; and if I move either amendment I
shall probably move his, unless he should offer
it himself.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman allow
me to say one word 7-
Mr. WOODWARD. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Woodward] what I
said yesterday, that should the Committee on
Foreign Affairs adopt the provision he has
suggested it will debar any naturalized citizen
of the United States up to this date from claim-
ing the protection in foreign States which it is
the purpose of this bill to accord to him. It
is impossible to legislate upon this subject and
give now the right of expatriation to American
citizens without by that very act enabling for-
eign Governments to say to us that up to this
date our citizens had no right to expatriate
themselves. And, as thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania has already said, we cannot claim of
other nations that which we deny ourselves.
In every instance when this subject has been
presented Congress has evaded legislation upon
this particular point, because the right of expa-
triation is inherent and intrinsic in the citizen
under the Government of the United States.
Mr. WOODWARD. I think the difficulty
suggested by the gentleman is imaginary, but
if it is not, a proviso saving the rights of all
naturalized citizens from the effects of this legis-
lation would obviate the objection. I have been
speaking thus far of the judicial department.
I say that while the judiciary of the United
States have not in terms expressly decided that
there is no such thing as the right of the Amer-
ican citizen to expatriate himself, they have by
inference and necessary intendment adopted
