186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
869
ity will be indebted to modern progressive
American republicanism for the establishment
in the practice of all governments of this tran-
scetidently important doctrine. If we fail to
seize the opportune moment we shall lose an
opportunity seldom if ever afforded to any
nation in the history of the race.
But the chairman of the committee says the
Government of the United States has at no
period in its history, by legislative act, de-
clared the right of expatriation ; and if to-day
we should make any such declaration recog-
nizing the right of expatriation on the part of
the people of the United States, it would be
interpreted by the Governmentsof Europe as a
declaration that from the date of the act only
we recognize the right of expatriation, and
that would effectually cut off all the claims of
the naturalized citizens of this country up to
this day for protection while in foreign States.
No such interpretation could be maintained.
A declaratory act setting forth what the law
is does not invalidate rights acquired under
the principle so declared previous to such
declaration. A statute changing the law by
explicit enactment cannot confer rights ante-
rior to its enactment, but a declaration in stat-
utory form of a legal principle often asserted
by the Government through the executive de-
partment cannot be held to invalidate rights
acquired under the law previous to such dec-
laration. The objection of the honorable gen-
tleman to a declarator}' statute was not well
taken. It will not hold good either in fact or
in law. A declaration of what the principle
of public law is, as held by this Government,
will not, as I understand it—and I have con-
sulted the authorities as well ax men who are
better lawyers than myself—work a forfeiture
of the rights of naturalized citizens acquired
Erevious to that declaratory statute; and if the
ill is pressed to a passage in its present form
I desire to olfer an amendment upon this point,
which I will send to the Clerk to be read. 1
think it is more specific and direet than the
one otfered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Woodward.] But I wish to say
upon that point that I will cheerfully support
any one of the amendments already offered that
specifically sets forth the doctrine of the right
of expatriation as asserted by this Govern-
ment with reference to its naturalized citizens,
and contains, also, a specific assertion of that
doctrine as applied to persons born within the
jurisdiction of the United States.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend by prefixing the following section:
Be it enacted, &c„ That it is hereby declared a
principle of public law, held and insisted upon by
the Government of the United States, that n citizen
of any Government has the right to remove from tho
territory of and renounce his allegiance to the Gov-
ernment under which he was born or may have
acquired citizenship. That this right if conceded to
persons born within the jurisdiction of the United
States, and claimed for and in behalf of all persons
born within the jurisdiction of any foreign Govern-
ment who have acquired or may hereafter acquire
citizenship within the United States by naturaliza-
tion.
Mr. PILE. I only give notice that if the
bill is pressed to a passage in its present form
I shall endeavor to have the previous question
voted down, so that I may offer this amend-
ment or allow the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania an opportunity to offer his.
I wish to call attention to another provis-
ion of the first section of the bill as modified
this morning. The effect of this ameudment,
as I understand it, will be to leave four fifths
of the German naturalized citizens of this
country subject to arrest and imprisonment if
they return to Prussia either on business or
pleasure. It excepts from the protection pro-
vided for persons owing service in the army
or navy of any foreign Government under any
ordered conscription. The service in the army
or.navy of Prussia referred to in that amend-
ment. is provided for by law, and any citizen
* who emigrates from that country before he
has served out a legal term as set forth in that
law and again returns will, under the pro-
visions of that amendment, be subject to im-
pressment into the service of the Prussian army
or navy. I want to know if this" House is
ready to pass this bill with an amendment
that practically takes out of it all beneficial
results as regards the most numerous class,
1 and, I may say, as worthy a one as any class
! of naturalized citizens in this country.
j I also desire to call attention to the provision
in the third section of the bill that authorizes
the President of the United Spates to arrest
and detain in custody citizens of any foreign
Government which shall unlawfully arrest or
detain any naturalized citizen of this country.
I think that it is not only unwise, but barbar-
ous and inhuman, to provide for such a remedy
as this. When the citizen of a foreign Govern-
ment flees that Government, in consequence of
persecution and tyranny and oppression, and
comes to this land of freedom, this
"Land of the free and home of the brave,"
is he to be subjected to arrest and imprison-
ment for the illegal and unwarrantable actios
of the Government from which he has fled? i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's ten min-
utes have expired, but the gentleman from
California [Mr. Higby] yields him five min-
utes longer, when the morning hour will expire.
Mr. PILE. I shall not occupy five minutes.
I hold the floor by the courtesy of the gentle-
man from California. I was proceeding to
say that I believe this provision to be not only
unwise, but unjust and inhuman. I prefer,
sir, that we take the responsibility of declar-
ing war upon that Government, that we sus-
pend commercial relations with that Govern-
ment, that we blockade its ports, that we do
1 anything rather than impose this injustice and
| inhumanity upon men who come here to es-
cape the tyranny of other Governments, and
who may not have been within our limits a
sufficient length of time to become citizens in j
accordance with the naturalization laws of the
land. I think there are abundant remedies i
within the power of the United States without 1
resorting to such a remedy as this, and that at
least we ought to try other remedies before
resorting to this one. I desire to give notice
of an amendment, that I shall endeavor to offer
at the proper time, to that section if the bill is
pressed to its passage in its present form, which
I will ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Amend second section of the bill by striking out all
between the words "empowered to,' inline ten, and
the words "and the," in line thirteen, and insert as
follows:
"Suspend wholly or in part-commercial relations
with such foreign Government, blockade its ports, or,
in ease no other means of redress can be employed,
order the arrest and detention of any of its subjects
or citizens who may be found within the jurisdiction
of the Government of the United States.
Mr. PILE. If this amendment is adopted
it will provide first other methods of redress
: and only resort to the arrest of innocent parties
I when no other means can be employed. 1
regret that this bill could not be made a special
order and ample time given for a discussion
of all its provisions. I think that there has
been no measure before this House that more
j imperiously demands that full and ample time
j should be allowed to deliberate calmly, dis-
passionately, and earnestly upon the subject
before voting upon the bill.
|! I cannot in the time allowed me enter upon
a discussion of the general principles involved
j in this doctrine of the right of expatriation or
j say much that I intended to say. I yield the
ji remaining three minutes of my time to the
: gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Myers,]
|j only adding that I shall vote for the bill in its
II present form if I can get nothing better, but
: earnestly hope the House will vote down the
previous question and allow the bill to be
! amended.
| Mr. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I do not intend
in the few minutes kindly yielded to me to
discuss the general principles of the bill, but
rise merely to state that the criticisms from
j the gentlemau from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] are
groundless, as the committee has already
amended the bill in the respect to which he
alludes. I agree very fully with his proposi-
tions, or rather, as it seems to me, he agrees
with the committee. It is true, we have not
hitherto maintained the doctrines of the bill;
they have, however, been constantly asserted,
and are now insisted on in the form of law.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pii.e] is
correct in his proposition. It is one I intended
to make. The exemption from our protection
of those deserting from a conscription " actu-
ally ordered" is not broad enough. The laws
of Prussia and some other countries may be
construed into a standing order of conscrip-
tion, and we should guard against the infer-
ence that emigration from those countries is
to be considered desertion. After all, the ob-
jections to this measure seem principally in
order to proteet and enforce it more effectually
upon its main provisions—certainly as to its
first section. I think the House will be united
and enact into law a doctrine which utters tho
sentiments of the American people.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired, and this bill goes over until the
morning hour of Tuesday next, when the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. HigbyJ will be
entitled to the floor upon it for thirty minutes.
choctaw boundary.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a communication from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs relative to a survey
of the eastern boundary of the Choctaw Indian
country, together with an estimate of the same;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
cherokee neutral lands in kansas.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in reply to a resolution of the House
of the 28th instant, relative to the Cherokee
neutral lands in Kansas.
Mr. JULIAN. That subject is now before
the Committee on Public Lands. I therefore
move that this communication be referred to
that committee, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
sale of ikon-clads.
Mr. PIKE. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table for consideration
at this time the amendments of the Senate to
the joint resolution of the House No. 136, pro-
viding for the sale of iron-clads.
No objection was made.
The amendments of the Senate were then
read, as follows:
In line three, after the words "iron-clad vessels"
insert the words " cxcept those of the Dictator, Kala-
mazoo, Monadnock, and Passaic classes."
In line ten. after the word " sold" insert the words:
"Provided, That after such appraisal public notice
shall be given that proposa Is will be received for thirty
days for the purchase of said vessels, and that tho
highest price so proposed, being not less than the
appraisal, shall be accepted. And."
In lino ten, after the word " Provided" insert the
word "further."
The joint resolution as proposed to be
amended was as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senateand Hovxe of Representa-
tive* of the United State* of A incrica in Congreu assem-
bled, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, authorized to dispose of such iron-clad ves-
sels. except those of the Dictator, Kalamazoo, Monad-
nock. and Passaic classes, as in his judgment are not
required by the interests of the service, at a price to
bedetermined hy appraisal to bemade by a board of
not less than five naval officers, two of whom shall
be engineers, and report shall be made to Congress
as fast assaid vessels are sold, oi the amounts realized
from such sales and the parties to whom sold: Pro-
vided, That after such appraisal public notice shall
be given that proposals will be received for thirty
days for the purchase of said, vessels, and that the
highest price so proposed, being not less than the
appraisal, shall be accepted: And provided further,
That the proceeds of all such sales shali be paid into
the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. PIKE. I move that the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
