872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
tendered to the minister of the Christian church in
Cheney ville for his kindness in permitting us to
deliberate in it.
MONTFORT WELLS, President.
WJ1. H. WINN, Vice President.
^dot.ph L\fargfe, ) p . .
W. W. Whittington,/ secretaries.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I find that
while I agree with all the principles enun-
ciated to the gentleman from California [Mr.
AxtelI* I fail to agree with him in their
application. He said:
There arc too many western men on this floor to
be told that eighty or ono hundred and sixty acres
of land in ar. unbroken wilderness without roads is
any homo for the poor."
I bring that remark to the attention of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.] These
forty million acres there in Alabama and Mis-
sissippi are an unbroken wilderness, without
settlements or roads. They surely are not in
a condition to be reached or occupied by people
whose sole reward for their labor is "a small
advance for clothing, medicine," &c.
The forty million acres of land, except the
wide field of sand of which I have spoken, are
away from water courses, distant from settle-
ments, and where no man would find a home
or a market for his productions, and where no
school or church could be erected for want of
population. All the habitable lands in Ala-
bama. Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida—
which are near centers of population or border
on navigable water-courses—were covered by
the grants of 1856, which have been forfeited
by the undisputed default of the grantees.
If, therefore, we wish to give the poor whites
and the freedmen of the South homes which
the gentleman from California [Mr. Axtei.l]
would recognize as homes, we must bring
them to these lands. Such as may not be
occupied under the homestead law can be re-
granted when loyal men, under the new con-
stitutions of those States, shall represent them
in Congress. And if, in the meanwhile, they
have been made populous, and by the labor of
actual setilers been made to blossom and bloom
like a garden, if villages and towns have sprung
up on them, who will say they will not be more
valuable to railroad companies than they will
be five years hence, if during that time Con-
gress shall have withheld them from occupa-
tion and settlement, by the landless people of
the South or the enterprising laborer of the
North who may seek a farm in that fertile
and beautiful region.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair]
surprised me no little by treating the posses-
sion of a homestead as a thing of small value,
and asserting that no man in this country who
was worthy to have land need be poor for the
want of it. Sir, men laboring for five dollars
a month cannot save much with which to buy
even cheap lands or to stock and prepare a
new homestead. Many of the railroad corpor-
ations of the South, within three months past,
have simultaneously reduced the wages of all
their colored laborers and added a large per-
centage to the wages of their white employ6s.
In North Carolina and in other States, on the
same day, there was made a reduction of the
poor wages with which the toil of the colored
men was requited, and an increase of the wages
of all the white men in their employ. It is not
the purpose of the old oligarchy of the South
to allow colored citizens to acquire land, for
they know that he who in a country like ours
cannot acquire lands is but half a freeman,
and must labor at the'mercy of his employer.
The rights of every laborer in the country are
involved to some extent in the fate of this bill.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair]
says that the freedman must be taught to take
care of himself, to look out for his family. Sir,
did you ever hear of a boy learning to swim
who was carefully kept away from the water?
We receive the poor and ignorant, and often
thriftless emigrant, from every land, and throw
upon him the responsibility of caring for him-
self and his family; but by our homestead law
we put under him land upon which he may
stand the proudest of all landlords, an Amer-
ican landowner, with a title to his land derived
from the Government of the United States.
If, sir, we will give to the poor whites of the
South, whose condition, certainly that of mil-
lions of them, is as deplorable as that of the
freedmen, and to the freedmen the same inspir-
ing and sustaining privilege, we will find that,
being allowed to go to the water, they will soon
learn to swim. The way to teach them to take
care of their families is to enable them to do
it. Their seeming lack of ability to take care
of themselves in the past was produced by
oppression. The Government of the United
States, as administered by the Democratic
party, has oppressed and depressed them, and
crushed out every hope and aspiration that
rose within them.
It is for the Republican party to reverse that
policy. Let us undo this worst feature of the
legislation of a Democratic Congress in 1856,
and see how instantly and grandly the freed-
men aud poor whites of the South will prove
that under free institutions, with a free church,
a free system of public schools, and lands for
the landless, even the poor colored man and
long oppressed sand-hiller will disclose the
noblest attributes of humanity, and become
exemplars to the oppressors of the Old World,
and convince them that by withholding liberty
and oppressing labor they enfeeble their Gov-
ernment and destroy their people.
Said the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Blair] in opposition to this bill:
"There is this unfortunate condition of freedmen
in question, but the freedman must make it his fir t
duty to take care of himself. That is the great object
of all our legislation, to remove his bonds and to
make him free, and to give him the opportunity and
the means to tako care of himself."
While we withhold land from or let it be
withheld from him we fail to remove the freed-
man'a bonds and make him free.
He who owns a farm can take care of him-
self. But he whose wages may be regulated
by conventions of planters, who has not a foot
of real estate that he may call his own and who
has no hope of getting any, is asked to take
care of himself under very hard conditions pre-
scribed by his professed friends—conditions
that are crushing millions of the so-called
superior race in every country of Europe, and
ought not to be imposed on any in a land whose
boast is that all its people are free and politi-
cally equal.
But, sir, my time draws to a close; and I
have promised to yield a portion of it, if pos-
sible, to another. I come back to consider
very hastily the provisions of the bill before us.
It takes no acre of land from any human being
or any artificial or corporate being. The com-
panies in whose behalf this grant was made to
the several States have not begun their work.
During the last seven years they have fnade no
demonstration of good faith or of a desire to
execute the purpose for which the grant was
made. There is not adequate business to main-
tain the roads, if they were built; nor would
there be if they could be created by magic
between this and the setting of the sun. Those
companies profess to hope to induce emigration
to the South to create that business. They
cannot do it unless Congress will adopt the
policy proposed by this bill and give the laborer
a chance for independence. Will laborers from
Europe or the East go to the South to bring up
their children in the midst of an impoverished,
degraded, and ignorant laboring population?
Will the free laborer of the North go to the
South to have his wages regulated by conven-
tions of planters orotheremploy6s in the several
States—to labor where there is an agreement
from one end of the State to the other that the
laborer who has once made an engagement shall
not receive employment from any other unless
he produces a recommendation from his former
employer? No, sir; the only way to induce
immigration into that country is to offer to the
people ot the world the same advantages in the
Gulf States that they enjoy in the Lake States—
free homesteads on fertile land, near to settle-
ments, water-courses, and artificial lines of
transit. The lands in question offer all these
conditions. And there is no other way in which
we can offer these advantages in the States of
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida,
than by opening the land covered by these
grants to actual settlement under the southern
homestead law. If we do this, in three years
that country may be fit for the investment of
capital and labor in the construction of rail-
roads. And if we fail in this the curses of the
laboring people of the world will light upon
us, and we will hereafter reproach ourselves
and be reproached by posterity with having
enriched those who, having sought to murder
our Government, are now ready to murder our
friends who go to dwell among them. For the
grants of 1856 were made to those who plotted
the rebellion and are now resisting reconstruc-
tion ; generosity to such men is a crime against
the nation.
Mr. Speaker, I yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Law-
rence.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The bill under
consideration is one of such vital importance
that I am unwilling to let this occasion pass
without saying a few words in its favor. It
affects interests, both individual and national,
to an extent rarely equaled by any one meas-
ure in Congress. I am not surprised, there-
fore, to find that it has given rise to a some-
what protracted debate; but it has met with a
resistance and opposition beyond my expecta-
tion. To understand properly the scope and
purpose of the bill it is necessary to go back a
few years in our history.
By acts of Congress of May 17, June 3, and
August 11, 1856, provision was made for grants
of lands owned by the national Government to
the States of Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, and
Mississippi to aid in the construction of rail-
roads in those States. (11 Statutes-at-Large,
16, 17, 18, 31.)
By two acts of March 8, 1867, provision ia
made for granting lands for other railroads in
Alabama. (11 Statutes-at-Large, 194-200.)
All these acts contain a provision that—
" If any of said roads is not completed within ten
years no further sales shall he made, and the lands
unsold shall revert to tho United States."
These railroads are owned by stockholders
most of whom engaged in the rebellion, and
the roads so far as completed were employed
in the effort to destroy the Government, whose
subsidy they had so liberally shared. They
are now owned and managed by men hostile to
any system of reconstruction which will not
proscribe loyal citizens and restore to and retain
in power and place the men who rebelled
against the national authority. The immense
power and patronage of the companies owning
these roads is wielded to give office, position,
and employment to rebels, to the general ex-
clusion of loyal citizens.
The owners and managers of these roads
having engaged in the rebellion, most of the
roads are not completed. The ten years lim-
ited in the acts of Congress referred to have
expired, and five million acres of unsold lands
have, by the express terms of these laws, re-
verted to the United States. That these mil-
lions of acres have thus reverted is not denied
by any gentleman either as matter of fact or of
law.
The grants were made to the States, and
now there is no lawful State government in
any of these States either to ask or receive a
release of the forfeiture or a new grant of the
lands. The railroad companies to which the
lands were granted by the States are asking us
to revive tile grants; but the convention now
in session^ in Alabama charged with the duty
of organizing a lawful civil government, by a
votfe of 56 to 23, voted down a proposition to
ask Congress to revive these grants, and they
thereby asked us to open up these lands to
homestead entry and settlement.
In the late rebel States there are four mil-
lions of freedmen, nearly all of whom are land-
