m
TOE GCMiGftSSSIOtf AL GJuOBE.
January 30,
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Jdliak]
has caused to be road a statement relative to
the grant to the New Orleans, Opelousas, and
Great Western railroad and the lands in Lou-
isiana, which say8:
"Of the three million acres of Government lands
in <Hs State about nine hundred thousand acres are
hold Of this grant, and I think I can safely say that
there arc notone hundred thousand acres of Govern-
ment land fit-for cultivation outside of this grant."
And this, sir, is, as I learn from the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands, sub-
stantially true of the other States.
The amount of lands subject to entry, ac-
cording to the statement of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, which has been
read, is less than forty-eight million acres.
The homestead act of June 21, 1866, gives a
homestead of eighty acres. A million of men
in the South now need homesteads, requiring
eighty million acres. This proves that these
railroad grants are necessary to satisfy the de-
mand.
The great West, of whose Representatives I
have the honor to be one, is interested in hav-
ing this demand satisfied. It will secure homes
to the loyal freedmen who otherwise will be
driven to emigrate to the North and take up
their abodes there. Oar interest is to have them
engage in producing cotton and sugar and rice
in the South to increase our export trade to
foreign conntries, and make a demand for the
agricultural products of the West and for all
the products of the people of the North. If
settled on homesteads of their own they will
produce more and demand more of our western
and northern products than if employed only
as laborers or lessees.
Mr. Speaker, I cm conceive of bo reason
for withholding these lands from homestead
entries unless the nation is under soma legal
or moral obligation to revive the railroad
grants, or unless the public interest requires
this at our hands.
I think it has been sufficiently shown that
no one of these reasons exists; but if it be
true that there is an abundance of lands in
these States, as it is alleged by some, then out
of that abundance let the railroads receive
grants, if it shall be deemed proper to make
or revive them in their favor. As between
railroads and homesteads, it is my deliberate
judgment that actual settlers are entitled to
the greater favor. Where settlers go railroads
will go. Make homesteads and homesteads
will make railroads. Let the landless poor
be first supplied with homesteads, and then we
can consider the claims of railroad companies.
I have no hostility to railroads, even though
the late rebel States shall share their benefits.
It would be a narrow and an unwise policy to
withhold benefits simply because they may ba
participated in by those who were rebels. I
would withhold nothing that would secure the
good of all men. But before we revive land
grants we may well inquire whether they should
not be in favor of corporations organized and
controlled by loyal men. We may well inquire
whether it is wise to vote away millions of acres
of lands to be held for high prices and to tax
the labor and energies of purchasers for a gen-
eration to come. And whatever may be our
decision, if I ever vote for any land grant to aid
in the construction of a railroad, it will only be
on condition that the company receiving it shall
be required to sell agricultural lands to actual
settlers at a fixed price so low as to bring them
within- the reach of all.
Mr. Speaker, we are told that northern cap-
italists are interested in some of these southern
railroad companies as owners of stock or as
holders of bonds. If this be so we have no
evidence that their investments will not be
profitable. However this may be, their invest-
ments were made with a knowledge of the law
and their rights accrued subject to the fortunes
of war. They are not the only men who have
suffered by similar calamities. Let us take
care of those who are unable either to own
stocksor bonds, and in due time the wilder-
ness will be made to blossom as the rose. The
five million.acres of lands which this bill will
opes to homestead entries will make more than
sixty thousand homes and bring happiness to
three hundred thousand people.
Mr. ELDR1DGE obtained the floor.
. Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eu)kidgk] to yield to
. me a short time, that I may briefly reply to
some remarks of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] and the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Euot.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will yield to the gen-
tleman five minutes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, I have not
been able to convince myself that it is my duty
to support this bill. I have not been able to
satisfy myself that it is either necessary or ex-
pedient that it should be passed; but I arose
for the purpose merely of correcting an error
into which I think the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] and the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] have fallen in re-
gard to the character of the public lands in the
South which are open to homestead settlement.
Gentlemen who have advocated the passage of
this bill have, in almost every instance, based
their support of it on the ground that it is ne-
cessary to open to homestead settlement the
lands embraced in these grants, as the public
lands of the South are inl'erior in quality and
not suited to purposes of tillage. Now, I wish
to remind gentlemen that in the case of every
land grant to which this bill has reference there
was reserved by the Government a quantity of
I land equal to that granted. It will not do to
! say those lands are not equal in every respect
to the lands embraced in these grants. T hey
lie side by side with them ; they are alternate
sections, and are equal in every respect to those
you seek to have revert to the Government
under the provisions of this bill.
By an act we passed here in 1866 we threw
those alternate sections open to settlement,
and they are there to-day open to settlement.
Every freed man, the head of a family, can set-
tle upon them as upon other public lands. And
it will not do to say these lands are necessary
for that purpose when there is an equal amount
of lands iu every respect equal to them in
quality open to homestead settlement.
Mr. PAINE.
a question?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. PAINE. Is it not true that every single
acre of these reserved sections is held at $2 50
per acre, even though the settlers desired to
settle upon them as homesteads?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is true these reserved
sections are held subject to private entry at
$2 50 per acre, but your homestead law pro-
vides that homestead settlements may be made
on them ; that is, that each head of a family may
take eighty acres of them under the provisions
of the homestead law.
Mr. PAINE. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say the people of the South can enter
upon those reserved sections for a homestead
without paying $2 50 per acre for them ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I say that every head of
a family can locate upon eightv acres under
the provisions of the homestead law.
Mr. PAINE. I will not, of course, consume
the time of the gentleman to explain this
now, but I hope to have an opportunity here-
after to show the gentleman is entirely mis-
taken on that point.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the gentleman will
consult the law, I think he will find I am cor-
rect in the statement I make, that every section
reserved under the provisions of these grants
has been thrown open to homestead settlement,
and every head of a family desiring to locate a
homestead settlement, is entitled to eighty acres
lying side by side with those granted for rail-
road purposes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, in regard
to my taking the floor at this time, I will say
it was expected that the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kerr] should speak next, but as
he is confined to his house by illness, and as
Will the gentleman yield for
my name came next, I suppose for that rea-
son the floor has been assigned to me. But
I do not desire to occupy the lloor this evening,
and take it for the purpose of following the
practice that has prevailed to a great extent in
this House by gentlemen who are privileged
to get the floor at any time, that is, "to farm''
it out among my loyal friends. And I yield
first for tea minutes to my loyal friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Bubr.] [Laughter.]
i Mr. BURR. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to
, have one gentleman vouch for my loyalty, and
if the voucher should himself be of question-
| able character for loyalty in the estimation of
i any member of the House I hope that will not
be charged to me. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, whatever may be our opinions in-
regard to land grants as an original proposition,
we are committed to it by law of Congress.
In 1856 grants were made to the four desig-
: nated States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louis-
iana, and Florida, for the purpose of aiding in
the construction of railroads. I shall speak
with more freedom on this subject, for the
reason that the State of Illinois, which I have
, the honor in part to represent, has experienced
the results of a munificent grant for similar pur-
: poses, made in 1849 or 1850, which grant has
resulted in opening up to market and bringing
into successful cultivation some of the most
| fertile parts of that State, thereby enhancing
the value of property in the State as well as
aiding in the payment of taxes for the main-
tenance of the Union.
Gentlemen assume in the argument of this
question it is a grant to a company or to com-
panies for the aggrandizement of individuals
and the upbuilding of financial corporations to
the detriment of the people; but, sir, if the
recitals of the bill before as are correct, such
are not the facts existing, and such were not
the purposes of the grant. It was made, not
to individuals nor companies, but to States.
What are the provisions of the bill? The
first section provides:
That all the public lands in the States of Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida, which were
granted to said States in the year 1850 to aid them
in the construction of railroads therein, and which
have not been lawfully disposed of by the United
States, said grants having now expired by limita-
tion, are hereby declared forfeited to the United
States.
It was, then, a grant to the several States
enumerated, and not to any company existing
within the borders of any or all of them. Now,
sir, whatever may be our views or wishes in
the direction of punishing any class of people
for attempted revolution or rebellion, let us
remember that these grants were based upon
a principle which was designed to develop the
the resources of the nation, in whatever direc-
tion these resources might be found. I hold
that to-day it is as much the duty of this Con-
gress to develop the resources of the State of
Alabama as of the State of Massachusetts. It
is not for the benefit of an individual or set of
men, but of the nation at large, that these
grants were made.
But, sir, it; is said that these grants have
already, by limitation of time, reverted ft) the
United States. If that be so why pass this act
providing that these lands shall be withdrawn
and shall vest again in the General Govern-
ment? If^ lapse of time has divested these
States of title, why by special act attempt to
take it away from them? Let the courts de-
termine whether by failure of the terms of the
original grant a forfeiture has been wrought
and the titles to those lands reverted to the
General Government.
But, again, a day or two ago we were dis-
cussing the provisions of a bill which proposed
to forbid the various Departments of the Gov-
ernment from adjudicating cases where claims
were presented from certain States for inju-
ries received during the war, and members
from the border States particularly appealed
to the House not to pass that bill, for the rea-
son, as they alleged, that, while you might pun-
ish a few rebels, many Union men would suffer
by the provisions of that bill. Is not that true,
