1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
sir. in regard to the bill now pending? You
propose to divest those States of title to land
granted by the act of 1850 for a specific pur-
pose. Let me ask gentlemen who hold that
the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,
and Florida are out of the Union this ques-
tion: do you expect these States to be re-
swred to their proper relations to the Union
nntil they are what you are pleased to term
loyal in their reorganization? And if loyal in
their reorganization, are they any longer in
that condition of disunion? Are they not
reconstructed loyal States, entitled to enjoy
the same privileges and benefits that have been
extended by special legislation during this very
session to the States of Iowa, Wisconsin, Minne-
sota. and others, which have asked relief of this
same kind? But if, on the other hand, they
are not to become loyal States at all, and are
not now States of the Union, and the lapse of
time has divested them of the existing title,
why the necessity of passing any bill at all?
But. sir. I place these States—for they are
such—upon the same footing precisely as other
States which have been asking an extension
of these grants. Grants were made to Iowa
for the same purpose, to Wisconsin with a like
view, and to Minnesota for the same object,
and the lapse of time had carried bv the period
within which, by contemplation of the original
act, these roads were to have been in successful
operation. When these northwestern States
came here and said that by reason of the war
they had been prevented from accumulating
sufficient capital to construct their roads, and
asked an extension of time, I have invariably
responded to that appeal by voting to grant
their request. I propose to regulate my action
as a Representative here by the same principle
in reference to these southern States. I hold that
I am not voting for the benefit of any rebel cor-
poration or any other rebels, but for the benefit
of the Union people of the South, forthefreed-
men of the South, for the interest of the whole
nation, for the development of the wealth of
the nation, by developing the resources of the
South, which can only be done by increasing
their facilities and bringing their products
nearer to market.
Sir, let me refer again briefly to the case of
Illinois. It was suggested a few days ago by
the '' Father of the House," as he is designated
from his long term of service in days gone by,
[Mr. Washburne,] a man whom 1 honor, re-
spect, and revere, that the grant made to the
State of Illinois was a curse to that State. I
deny it. I wish to suggest that when that grant
was made some of the richest portions of the
State of Illinois were comparatively a wilder-
ness, without settlements, without affording
homes to the laboring classes, but wild, uncul-
tivated plains. The result of that grant has
been to develop the resources of the State and
make Illinois hardly second to any State in the
Union for its productive resources and for the
actual products which it is bringing daily into
the markets of the country.
[Here the hammerfell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will allow the gentle-
man five minutes more.
Mr. BURR. It was said a moment ago by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
ley,] in his argument in support of the provis-
ions of this bill, that if you will constitute set-
tlements railroads will follow. Is it not equally
true that if you will establish railroads and build
them up settlements will follow the line of those
roads; and in this connection let me remark
that gentlemen seem to me to be begging the
question by assuming as a fact that these rail-
road grants are coining in collision with or
rather in competition with the policy of Con-
gress, which is the true policy of granting lands
to actual settlers.
Sir, if you will show me that we have in our
public domain but one million acres of land,
and that citizens of the United States require
that million acres to constitute domiciles, and
that all the combined railroad interests of the
land require it for their advancement, I will
say give it to the citizens in preference to
the corporations. But when the statistics !
show, when the report of the members of this
Committee on Public Lands shows, that we
have eight times as much of the public domain
remaining in these four States unoccupied and
undisturbed as has been by the act of 1805
vested in these various States—when it is true
that the public domain there is not occupied
by actual settlers, that the virgin soil remains
unbroken, the wilderness uncultivated—then
I say that gentlemen arc attempting to beg the
question when they say that the claims of rail-
road corporations are coming in conflict with
the rights of actual settlers. Let the settlers
take advantage of the law as it now exists and
occupy the broad acres in the South and in the
West; let them make the most of the advan-
tages which are to-day extended to them; and
whenever they shall say themselves or by their
representatives that the land is exhausted, the
public domain under cultivation, we lack
homes, 1 will vote those men homes, be they
black or white, native or foreign born, so long
as the homestead law in its present form re-
mains in force. Until that time shall come,
sir, let us develop the resources of the South
as well as of the North, of the West as well as
of the East, and let us bring to the support of
the tax-payers of the country increased wealth
and increased ability from that great region of
our country which to-day seems to be under a
ban so far as legislation is concerned. j
Mr. ELDRIDGE resumed the floor.
Mr. PAINE. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Certainly. 1
. Mr. PAINE. I asked the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benjamin] whether it was not
true that though this land was nominally open
to settlement as homesteads—that is to say, the
even-numbered sections in the southern States
in cases covered by these railroad land grants—
they were nevertheless kept closed from such
entry and settlement by instructions from the
General Land Office. The information which I
had received was to that effect. I was per-
fectly aware that by the provision of the law
those lands would be open to settlement as
homesteads. But I had been informed that
under instructions and regulations issued by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
they were not opened to homestead settlement. ;
I have since been informed that upon that
point I was mistaken, and therefore desire to
make this correction.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I had noted the error in
that respect into which my colleague had fallen,
and had prepared myself to correct it. As he
1 has made the correction himself there is no
necessity for me to do so now.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
i Wisconsin now yield to me?
I Mr. E LDRIDGE. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio for the purpose which I under-
stand he has in view, of moving that the House
adjourn, although I do not quite consider that
' during this last Congress he comes within the
description of the gentlemen to whom I intended
to yield—my loyal friends. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. J ULIAN. Before the question is taken
upon that motion I desire to give notice to the
House that on to-morrow at four o'clock p. m.
I propose to call the previous question on this
bill and pending amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] withdraw his motion to
! adjourn for a moment?
j Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
mary a. davis.
i Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 696) granting a pen-
sion to Mary A. Davis, widow of William P.
Davis, a private in the eighteenth regiment of
Indiana volunteers ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
southern land okants.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a supplemental
report, of the Quartermaster General, relative
to lands granted by Congress to aid railroads in
Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkan-
sas; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
engineer contracts.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
compliance with the act of April 21, 1808, a
list of contracts made by officers of the engi-
neer department during the year 1867 ; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER also asked and obtained
leave of absence for Mr. Hill and Mr. Mc-
Carthy.
enrolled joint resolutions.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled joint resolu-
tions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same :
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 130) providing
for the sale of iron-clads; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) to provide
for a commission to examine and report on
meters for distilled spirits.
three months' extra pay.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 507) supplementary to
an act approved March 3, 1865, and a supple-
mental act, approved July 13, 1866, extending
the grant of three months' extra pay to all vol-
unteer officers below the rank of brigadier, who
were mustered into the service of the United
States before April 26, 1865, and honorably
mustered out thereafter; which was read a first
and second time, and, together with the peti-
tion of Colonel Jacob M. Davis and forty other
officers of Pennsylvania regiments-for the pas-
sage of a bill of like character, was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
eel river, california.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutionsoftheLegislatureof the State
of California, asking an appropriation for the
survey of the mouth of Eel river, California ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
fire-extinguisher.
Mr. STEWART. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
fiesolved. That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to inform the House whether he has caused
any investigations to bo made of the value of a
"portable self-acting fire-extinguisher,"submitted
for inspection and test by the United States Fire-Ex-
tinguishing Company, and to communicafco the re-
sults of such investigations, together with a copy of
the report of Captain Balch and Chief Engineer
Shock on the subject of said fire-extinguishers.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
rights of american citizens abroad.
Mr. DODGE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the board of supervisors
of Polk county, Iowa, in reference to the rights
of American citizens abroad; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. BINGHAM,
(at four o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COOK: A memorial of Jearem
Atkins, for an extension of patent.on rakes to
grain-harvesters.
By Mr. HOTCHKISS: The petition and res-
olution of the mayor, aldermen, and common
