876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
council ot'the city of New Haven, asking that
protection be guarantied to citizens in any
Foreign country.
By Mr. IvNOTT: The petition of certain
ci'uens of Freestone county, Texas, praying
for the establishment of a post route from Cot-
tou Gin. Freestone county, to Owensville, Rob-
inson county, Texas.
By Mr. MARVIN: A memorial of Ira
Crockett and others, citizens of the town of
Gal way, Saratoga county. New York, pra\ing
for the passage of an act granting a pension to
Hannah Fitzgerald, widow of Thomas Fitz-
gerald. late private company K, one hundred
and thirty-first New York volunteers.
By Mr. MORRELL: The petition of 2;*2
citizens, residing within the seventeenth con-
gressional district of Pennsylvania, praying for
such legislation as will deline the status ot'the
naturalized citizens of the Republic in foreign
countries.
Also, resolutions of mass meetings of citi-
zens of Dudley, Huntingdon county, Penn.-yl-
vania, asking the immediate action of Congress
on the rights of American citizens abroad, and
condemning the imprisonment of our citizens
by the British Government, &c.
Also, the petition of :>8 citizens of McVey-
town, Mifflin county. Pennsylvania, Tiraving
Congress to pass a law requiring the prepay-
ment of postage on all printed matter as a
means of increasing the revenue of the Post
Office Department.
By Mr. ORTH : The petition and papers of
John Dotlin. of Indiana, for payment of prop-
erty taken by the United States during the late
war.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of Mahlon
Wright, and 42 others, citizens of Warren
county, Ohio, praying Congress to investigate
the atrocities at the hands ot'the United States
troops upon the Indians, and to provide for
their relief and better protection.
Also, a memorial of William H. Squires, late
lieutenent colonel twenty-sixth Ohio volun-
teer infantry, praying for the allowance of a
year's pension prior to the time when his pres-
ent pension .commenced.
By Mr. THOMAS: The petition of 149 cit-
izens of Alleghany county, Maryland, asking
Congress to define the status of naturalized
citizens of the United States.
By Mr. YAN WYCK: A memorial of
William J. Clowes, claiming that by the Con-
stitution Congress has exclusive control over
all subjects connected with excise.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana: A memo-
rial for relief of Wiliiam Greene.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 31, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, communicating a report from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs relative to the sur-
vey of the eastern boundary of the Choctaw
Indian country, together with an estimate of
appropriations required for such survey; also,
a report from the Indian Bureau, dated 29th
June, 1807, on the same subject; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented a report of the Secretary
of War, communicating, in obedience to law.
a list of the contracts made by the officers of
the corps of engineers and others on engineer
duty during the year 1807; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
a copy'of a letter addressed to Hon. Thad-
detrs Stevens, chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations of the House of Representa-
tives, relative to a claim of the Choctaw nation
of Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
knkollkd bills signed.
A mescngp from the House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (II. R. No. lSti) pro-
viding for the sale of iron clads, and the en-
rolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) to pro-
vide for a commission to examine and report
on meters for distilled spirits; and they were
signed by the President pro tempore.
tilu constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro iemjiore presented
the following resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Ohio, which were read :
[II. J.R.No, 1.]
Relating to withdrawing ttio assent of the State of
Ohio from the proposed fourteenth constitutional
amendment.
RoMiiutins resolution passed January 11, A. D.
1W7, relative to amending tlio Constitution of the
United States, and withdrawing tlio asoeut of the
State of Ohio to the proposed lourteciuli constitu-
tional amendment.
Whereas on the 11th day of January, A. t). 1867, the
following joint resolution was adopted by the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State ot Ohio, to wit:
"Whereas the General Assembly has received offi-
cial notification of the passage by both Houses of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress of the United States, at its first
session, of the following proposition to amend the
Constitution of the United .States, by a constitutional
majority of two thirds thereof, in the words follow-
ing, to wit:''
[The words of the fourteenth constitutional
amendment are recited at length'.]
"Whereas three fourths of the Legislatures of the
States comprising the United States are required to
give assent to the said pioposed amendment to the
Constitution of the United States betore it becomes
a pai t thereof: Therefore,
"IxcQolml by the (truertil Astembly of the State of
Ohio, That wo hereby ratify, on behalf of the State
of Ohio, the above-recited proposed amendment to
the Constitution of the United States.
" lictolved. That certified copies of the foregoing
preamble and resolution be forwarded by the Gov-
ernor of Ohio to the President of the United States, to
the Presiding Officer of the United States Senate, and
the Speaker of the United States House of Repre-
sentatives."
And whereas no amendment to the Constitution
of the United States is valid until duly ratified by
three fourths of all the States composing the United
States, and until such ratification is completed, any
State has a right to withdraw her assent to any pro-
posed amendment;
And whereass cveral distinct propositions are com-
bined in the same proposed amendment, several of
which are already fully provided for in the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and to which no person or
party objects: Therefore,
lie it resolved by the Genera! Assembly of the State of
Ohio, That the above-recited resolution be, and the
same is hereby, rescinded, und the ratification on
behalf of the State of Ohio of the above-recited pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution of the United
States is hereby withdrawn and refused,
Jletohcl, That copies of the foregoing preamble
 nd resolution, certified to by the Speaker of the
House of Representatives and the President of the
Senate, be lorwarded to the President of the United
States, to eacn of our Senators and Representatives
in Congress, and to each of the Governors of the re-
spective States.
lietulveil. That the President of the United States
bo respectfully requested to cause to bo forwarded
to the Governor of Ohio any and all papers on
file iu the executive department at Washington, cer-
tifying the ratification by the General "Assembly of
Ohio of said proposed constitutional amendment, and
that the PresidingOfficcr of the United States Senate
and the Speaker of tho United States House of Rep-
resentatives bo requested to return to the same offi-
cer any certificate that may have been filed with them,
or cither of them, on the subject of said ratification.
JOHN F. FOLLKi'T,
Speaker of the Houie of Jlejjresefitaiives.
J. C. LEE,
President of the Senate.
January 15, A. D. 1868.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I cannot
allow these resolutions to be entered upon the
Journal of the Seriate without making some
remarks upon them. They do not speak the \
voice of the people of Ohio. Of that I am !
entirely convinced. The people of Ohio, a 1
little more than one year ago, passed on the
amendment of the Constitution of the United i
States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, 1
and adopted it by a popular majority of about
forty-three thousand, electing fifteen Repub-
lican members to Congress out of nineteen.
In the canvass there was a unanimity of senti-
ment in regard to the constitutional amend-
ment that scarcely ever occurs on a political
question. The people of Ohio have never
reconsidered that judgment. The resolutions
now read are the voice of a partisan majority
in the General Assembly of Ohio, elected by
a minority of the people of Ohio, on an issue
totally different and disconnected from the
constitutional amendment. Their proceeding
is in violation of the expressed wish of the
people of Ohio, who do not desire to rescind
their assent to the amendment. These reso-
lutions may not be a usurpation of authority,
perhaps, but they are contrary to the only
vote ever cast in Ohio when the subject was
discussed or considered.
Mr. President, you and I know that the Legis-
lative Assembly now sitting in Ohio was elected
upon a collateral issue, upon an issue, how-
ever, that was presented by the Republican
party, and only affecting our State constitu-
tion. There was no question presented alfect-
ing the national Constitution, and no substan-
tial difference of opinion exists among the
great mass of the people of Ohio in regard to
the merits of the constitutional amendment
proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress. Each
of the clauses of that amendment has been
separately considered, and would now be voted
for, I beliove, by a very large majority of the
people of Ohio. The idea that the Legislative
Assembly elected last fall would ever tamper
with or withdraw the assent of the people of
Ohio to that amendment did not enter into the
mind of our people, and was not stated by any
one as an issue in that whole canvass. I know,
sir, and you who canvassed the State know,
that it was conceded on all hands that the con-
stitutional amendment had passed beyond the
consideration of the people, had been approved
and sanctioned by all or nearly all the loyal
States, and the whole issue on both sides was
conducted upon the collateral question as to
the amendment of the constitution of the State
of Ohio.
After the reconstruction acts of the last ses-
sion of Congress had been adopted the Legis-
lature of Ohio felt that they ought to place the
constitution of Ohio in harmony with the gen-
eral reconstruction acts, and they therefore
submitted to the people of Ohio an amendment
to their State constitution by which they pro-
posed to strike out the word "white" from
the State constitution and allow all male citi-
zens of the proper age, native and naturalized,
to vote in that State. Unfortunately, the Gen-
eral Assembly connected with that proposition
a provision affecting disfranchised desertersand
other classes of the people of Ohio. These
two propositions were together in the same
amendment, and were thus submitted to the
people. The following was the proposition :
A resolution relative to an amendment of the Con-
stitution providing ior the extension of the elective
franchise:
Resolved, By the General Assembly of the Stato
ofOhio.three fifths of the members clected to each
House agreeing thereto, that it be, andishereby.pro-
posed to the electorsof this State to vote at the next
annual Ostober election upon the approval or rejec-
tion of the following amendment as a substitute for
the first section of tire fifth article of tho constitution
of tliia State, to wit: Every male citizen of tho Uni-
ted States, of the age of twenty-one years, who shall
have been a resident of the State one year next pre-
ceding the election, and of the county, township, or
ward in which he resides such time as may be provided
by law, exceptsuch persons asliave borne armsin sup-
port of any insurrection or rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of tho United States, or have fled from their
places of residence to avoid being drafted in to the mil-
itary service thereof, or have deserted the military or
naval service of said Government in timeof war, and
have not subsequently been honorably discharged
from tho same, shall have tho qualifications of an
elector, and bo entitled to vote at all eleotions.
ED. A. PARROTT,
Speaker of the House of Jieprcsentntivee.
ANDREW G. BURNEY,
President of the Senate.
Passed April 6, 1867.
The canvass that followed was earnest and
active. The Republican party maintained the
affirmative of the proposition. We took tho
ground openly and boldly that we ought not in
fairness to require the people of the south-
ern States to adopt negro suffrage without our-
selves setting the example. The'State Repub-
lican convention, which met in the summer,
passed resolutions approving the State consti-
