1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877'
tutional amendment, and the leading organs
of tho Republican pnvtv advocated its adop-
tion. It was voted tor by two hundred and
seventeen thousand voters of Ohio, a larger
vote thon was ever east for a similar proposi-
tion. \ on. sir. and I, and all engaged in public
life in Ohio, anticipated some defection when
we presented this rugged issue to the people
of Ohio. Many anticipated defeat; but I re-
gard it as an honorable and manly act that the
party to which we belong were willing in a
great principle like this to run the risk of de-
feat. I do not regret that we took the issue
broadly as it was presented in favor of equal
and impartial suffrage to all men, without
respect to color or condition.
But. sir, this proposition was voted down.
It was an unpopular issue. It was an issue
upon which all the prejudices of the people
could be rallied against us. Our political ad-
versaries eagerlv seized upon that clause of the
proposed amendment which disfranchised de-
serters, and connected with it the fact that a
large number of the soldiers of Ohio, after hav-
ing served gallantly to the end of the war. be-
lieving the duration of their term of service to
be out, had gone home, and though technically
deserters, were not really deserters, and thus
created the impression in the public mind that
this clause of the constitutional amendment
would disfranchise a great mass of patriotic
citizens. With this issue they went before the
people of Ohio, and by a minority of the votes
cast elected a majority of the Legislative Assem-
bly. For, sir, it must be remembered that
though largely defeated on the amendment,
yet the Republican party, stronger in the con-
fidence of the people than they were in the
issue they presented, elected General Hayes
and the entire State ticket, and the members
of the Legislative Assembly sending us these
resolutions were themselves elected by the mi-
nority of the people of Ohio. The existing
legislative apportionment gave them this advan-
tage. And when they undertake to speak for
the people of Ohio on a matter not involved in
their election I challenge their right to do so.
They now by their election may exercise all
legislative authority in Ohio, but they do not
and cannot speak for the majority of the peo-
ple of Ohio on this question.
The State constitutional amendment was
voted down by a majority of over forty thou-
sand. From that judgment we can only ap-
peal to our constituents at some future period
when the great principle of impartial suffrage
will not be weighed down by disfranchising
clauses, when, as wo hope, a sense of justice
will enable all men to share equally in politi-
cal rights. Sir, you and I did all we could to
secure a different result. I did hope that Ohio
would maintain her lead in maintaining Re-
publican principles, and regret that all others
of our party did not agree with us. Still jus-
tice to them demands that I vindicate them
from intentionally causing the result of their
act in the adoption of these resolutions. They
voted against the amendment to our State con-
stitution; they were thus made to vote against
the amendment to the national Constitution.
And it must be remembered that other objec-
tions were made during the canvass to the then
adoption of the State amendment. By the con-
stitution of the State that instrument would
necessarily be revised in 1871. It was urged
that it would be much wiser to postpone this
question until that time; that the question was
thrust in at an inopportune time, when there
was no necessity for it, the number of the peo-
ple to be affected by it not being very large,
and their rights not being in jeopardy. Many
persons objected to the manner in which it was
presented, to the time in which it was pre-
sented, and also to its connection with the
proposition to disfranchise a portion of our
white citizens.
For these reasons, as well as from the preju-
dice of race, it was voted down; but no man,
either Democrat or Republican, dreamed that
the Legislative Assembly elected under this
issue would seize the political power intrusted
I to them for the time being to recall the assent
of Ohio to the constitutional amendment pro-
posed by Congress. It never entered into the
canvass; and, sir, I am willing now to take an
appeal from the partisan majority of the Gen-
eral Assembly of Ohio, elected as I'say by a
minority of our people, to the people of Ohio.
I am willing to try this question over again ; and
the time for so doing will bo opportune when,
at the next election, the people of Ohio will, in
common with the whole country, be called upon
finally to decide whether tho rebel States shall
have increased political power, to be wielded
wholly by those who have waged a desperate
warfare against the nation, and to the utter
exclusion and eventual servitude or extermina-
tion of the loyal men in those States, both white
and black. Our adversaries again present this
issue by these resolutions, and I cheerfully ac-
cept it in the name not only of the two hundred
and seventeen thousand voters for impartial
suffrage in Ohio, but in the name of thousands
of others who are utterly opposed to rebel rule
in this country.
And, sir, while I am up allow me to correct
a misapprehension so often stated, that the
election in Ohio was caused by opposition to
the reconstruction acts of Congress. So far
as I know these were almost universally ap-
proved by the Republican party in Ohio. That
issue was avoided by our political adversaries.
They preferred one on which they could arouse
the old prejudices of race, and for the first
time mourned the fate of the brave soldiers
whom they said we disfranchised to enfran-
chise negroes. The necessity of reorganizing
society in the South upon a loyal basis was
evaded. They have succeeded in postponing
I for years an act of justice to a few thousand
| voters and loyal citizens of Ohio. We will see
' whether they will succeed as well in traveling
backward on the vital questions involved in the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States. Theiraction will rally again
the party that during the war overthrew the
rebellion, abolished slavery, and placed the
nation, at home and abroad, on the highest
plane among the nations of the earth. We
nave recently had in Ohio a cheering indica-
tion of public sentiment, and, sir, we will show
in the future as well as in the past our ability
to secure the loyal people of this country, white
and black, from the restoration of an over-
thrown rebellion.
Mr. President, these resolutions were not
only adopted in defiance of the public senti-
ment of the people of Ohio, but they were
adopted by a party caucus and were rushed
through without debate. I hold in my hand
and desire to present to this body the remon-
strance of the Republican Senators of Ohio
, against these resolutions and the manner in
; which they were forced through the Legislative
]! Assembly. A similar protest was presented
by the members of the House. I will ask them
; to go with the resolutions to the Committee on
i the Judiciary, and I take an appeal to thepeo-
II pie of Ohio with entire confidence that in due
!! time they will repudiate this unauthorized and
uncalled-for action of her Legislative Assem-
i bly. The protest is as follows :
1 ,
" Protest of Union Senators.
" Mr. Griswold, of Lorain, in behalf of the Rc-
; publican mcmber-i of the Senate, presented the fol-
\ lowing protest in relation to the rescinding of the
resolutions ratifying the fourteenth amendment of
! the Constitution of the United States:
11 "protest.*
I "The undersigned, Union Senators of the State of
I, Ohio, desire to record their protest against theunpre-
j' cedentcd course pursued by the majority of this body
during yesterday's proceedings upon the occasion
of rescinding the resolutions by which the General
Assembly of Ohio ratified the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitutions of the United States for the fol-
lowing reasons:
I "1. The necessity and justice of the proposed
amendment. Its provisions are so manifestly right
and fair, and of such vital importance to the future
' welfare of our common country, that they believe no
good argument can be offered against its incorpora-
tion into the Constitution of the United States.
"2. It was fully canvassed throughout the State
rt previous to tho election of 18G6 and received the
;! hearty indorsement of the people. The largest ma-
jority save one ever given at a congressional eleo-
tion in Ohio fully attests the will of the voters of tho
Commonwealth upon this important proposition;
and that decision remains unreversed and in full
force.
"3. The manner in which this measure was forced
through the Semite under the operation of the 'pre-
vious question' seems to them extraordinary and
objectionable. Tliey believe the previous question
is universally acknowledged to bo the dernier resort
in parliamentary practice for the sole purpose of
closing a protracted debate. It is never resorted to
in the Senate of the United States, never has been
by the Senate of Ohio during tho service of the old-
est member now in this body, and its use can only
be justified in large bodies whero there is no other
way of ending discussion. The use of it made on
yesterday to prevent debate entirely they believe to
be without a precedent. This action is liable to still
more serious objection from the fact that the minority
asked only a few hours' delay, which was refused.
"4. Finally, when they consider the transcendent
solemnity ana importance of those acts of the Gen-
eral Assembly which relate to changes in the funda-
mental laws and contrast them with ordinary legis-
lation, which is always subject to amendment or
repeal, they the more earnestly deprecate the hasty
and arbitrary disposition of this question and feel
that they owe it to their dignity as men and Senators
and to the constituents they represent to record this,
their earnest protest."
This protest is signed by all the Republican
members of the Senate of Ohio, and I ask
that it go with the resolutions of the Legisla-
ture.
The present Legislative Assembly of Ohio ask
us to return the papers formerly sent to us. That
is impossible, I suppose; but the matter ought
to be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and I make that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. The resolutions from the
Legislature of Ohio are so important in char-
acter, and so without any precedent I believe in
our history, that I think they justify remark
even by a Senator who has not the honor of
any special association with the State.
it seems to me very clear that the authors of
these resolutions have accomplished nothing
except to exhibit their own blind prejudices.
By the Constitution of the United States a State
may give its assent to a constitutional amend-
ment. There is no provision for any with-
drawal of such assent when once given. The
assent of the State once given is final. A State,
I do not hesitate to say, can no more withdraw
such assent than it can withdraw from the
Union ; and on the latter proposition I believe
there is now a universal accord.
But happily, sir, this extraordinary effort of
an accidental Legislature is absolutely impo-
tent. The amendment in question is already
a part of the Constitution of the United States
and in full vigor, even without the assent of Ohio.
By a report from the Secretary of State it ap-
pears that there is official evidence of the assent
of the Legislatures of Connecticut, New Hamp-
shire, Teunessee, New Jersey, Oregon, Ver-
mont, New York, Illinois, West Virginia, Kan-
sas, Nevada, Missouri, Indiana, Minnesota,
Rhode Island, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Mich-
igan, Massachusetts, and Nebraska, being
twenty in all without Ohio. To these now we
may add Iowa, which lias given its assent very
recently, and also Maine, which has notoriously
given its assent, although I understand it was
not officially communicated to the Department
of State, making, therefore, twenty-two States
even without Ohio. Twenty-two States are
more than three fourths of the loyal States, or,
in other words, of those States that at this
moment have Legislatures. The full require-
ment of the Constitution is therefore met.
This amendment was originally proposed by
a vote of two thirds of Congress, composed of
the representatives of the loyal States. It has
now been ratified by the Legislatures of three
fourths of the loyal States, being the same
States which originally proposed it, through
their representatives in Congress. The States
that are competent to propose a constitutional
amendment are competent to adopt it. Both
things have been done. The required major-
ity in Congress have proposed it; the required
majority of States have adopted it. Therefore
I say this resolution of tho Legislature of Ohio
is brutum fulmen—impotent as words without
force. It can have no practical effect except,
to disclose the character of its authors, as
