878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
sui-h i' nay bo dismissed to tho limbo of tilings
lost OU l';U ih.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, if the
honorable luo'.nbor from Massachusetts is right
in sa\ ins lli.it the uii-.ondinont has boon adopted
by ihe tioco<<;iry number of States, it wilt, of
course, result i:i the proposition that no one
Slate which has assenud to it can withdraw
th. t assent. Tho honorable member is not
now to be for the first time informed that that
is a question about which there are differences
of op.nion ; nml whether the opinion which
he pronounces is right or wrong depends upon
the propoeitiou which has been more or less
discussed in the present debate whether the
ten southern States are not now States, and
ha\e not been States, throagho.it the war. If
they are States w-.th.n the meaning of the Con-
stitution, then the amendment has not been
adopted.
Now, upon the other question, supposing
the amendment not to have been adopted, I
f.j.te, subject to be corrected if I am in error,
what uiy present impression is. The Consti-
tution provides that propositions for amend-
ments of it ma}' be submitted to the States,
and that when they are assented to by three
fourths of the States they shall become a part
of the Constitution. Now, whether before the
assent of three fourths it is not in the power
of any one of the States or all of the States
assenting to withdraw that assent, is a ques-
tion upon which I am not to be understood as
now expressi'is any decided opinion : but my
impression is that they can withdraw : for. if
not. it would remain forever binding upon the
States assenting, and when the proposition
should be renewed at any subsequent period,
or when the States who had not assented,
eight or ten or fifteen years after the time,
when there was an absence of that assent
necessary to give validity to the amendment,
they would have no right to reconsider their
act:on.
As T say, that is my first impression. Now,
I look upon what the States do preliminary to
a decision of a majority which, when made,
makes the amendment proposed a part of the
Constitution as a mere promise or undertaking
tha' fach will assent when the others are ready
to -.- en;, but that the day after the absent is
pi\<"i. or at any period subsequent to the giv-
ing of the a-sent. if the State assenting thinks
that it has made a mistake, and that the Con-
stitution should not be amended in the way
proposed, it may withdraw its assent. But
that is a question which will be considered by
the Judiciary Committee: and my mind, al-
though I have stated my impression, will be
open to the better judgment of those who may
be better informed upon the subject; and if I
am satisfied that my impression is erroneous I
shall, of course, concur in the opinion of the
committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I wish to 1
remind the Senatorfrom Maryland of the exact
words of the Constitution, which were not. it
seems to me, in his mind when he spoke. An
amendment, when proposed, "shall be valid
to all intents and purposes as part of this Con- ,
gtitution when ratified by the Legislatures of
three fourths of the several States." It does
not say "when fatified by three fourths of the
several States,!' but " by the ' Legislatures' of
three fourths of the several States." Now, if
there are States without Legislatures, they can
have no voice in the ratification. Apply this
practically. Three fourths of the actual Legis-
latures of this LTnion ]jave ratified the proposed
amendment, and I insist, on the text of the
Constitution and also on the reason of the case,
that such ratification is complete. But I am
unwilling that this argument should stand
merely on my words. I introduce here the
authority of the best living text-writer on the
jurisprudence of our country, who has treated
this very point in a manner which leaves no
opportunity for reply. I refer to the book of
Mr. Bishop on Criminal Law, who, in one of
his notes, considers whether the amendment
of the Constitution abolishing slavery had been
at the time he wrote adopted in a constitutional
manner. Of course the very question which
we are i>o\v discussing with reference to the
fourteenth amendment, arises also 011 the
amendment prohibiting slavery. They are both
in the same predicament. If the fourteenth
amendment is not now 11 part of the Constitu-
tion of the United States then the amendment
prohibiting slavery is not a part of the Consti-
tution of the United States. They both stand
on the same bottom ; they were both proposed
by Congress in the same wnv, that is, by a vote
of two thirds of the representatives of the
loyal States; and they have both been ratified
by the votes of three fourths of the States hav-
ing Legislatures. I send to the Chair the work
of Mr. Bishop, and I ask the Secretary to be
good enough to read what 1 have marked.
The Secretary read as follows :
" The article of the Constitution providing for
amendments reeogiii/rs several ways ill which they
may be made; but tho method adopted in this ease
is hud down in the follow mg language: 'The Con-
gress, whenever t wo thirds of both Houses shall deem
it in cessary, shall propose amendments to this Consti-
tution' ****•• which' " * * *
'shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part
of this Constitution, when ratified by tho Legisla-
tures of three fourths of the several States.' (.Con-
stitution of tho United States, article five.) At the
time when this proposed amendment was submitted
to the State Legislatures there were several of the
States which, within the meaning of the Constitu-
tion, had 110 Legislatures,and wliieli, as we have seen,
{'tn/r section one hundred and thirty-one,) were for-
bidden by other clauses of the Constitution to put
forth any legislative aet whatever. Are these States
to be counted in estimating the three fourths'!
"If the matter were one relating to any other sub-
ject th iu slavery no legal person would ever doubt
that when there are States with Legislatures and
States without Legislatures, and theConstitution sub-
mits a question to the determination of' the Legisla-
tures of three fourths of the several States,' the
meaning is three fourths of the States which have
Legislatures. In fact, it does not require legal wis-
dom or legal acumen to see this, provided we look
at the point disconnected from the peculiar subject
of slavery. It'I say to you 'I will give you this pen
011 your being appointed to receive it by the legal
voters of j our viil.ige, the voter* ill e.ieh house to act
on tiie matter separately: to wit, the appointment
shall be valid when ratified by tlielvoters of thiee
fourths of the several houses,' and it turns out, on
examination, that ono third of tho houses have no
legal voters in them.doesittherelore become impos-
sible to make the appointment? In this ease, since
the vote of each house is to be taken, it would be
absurd to tount the houses in which there were 110
voters. The vote in a house without voters, if, con-
trary to any possible fact, we mighUuppose ittaken,
could amount only to a cypE'.'T, whieu rveiy boy per-
ceives count* nothing in addition. Xo man would
count such a house any more than he would a build-
ing finished for a house but not inhabited.
" Whenever the law submits anything to persons or
bodies in general terms it submits it those particular
persons or bodies that havolegal powertoact. Thus,
in the case before us, the section of the Constitution
allowing the proposal of amendments provides that
' the Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall,' <Scc. Here a full Con-
gress consists, is one way of reckoning, of all the
members to which tho States are collectively enti-
tled; just, as in one way of reckoning,'the several
States' include those which have not Legislatures as
well as those which have. But in legal construction
the expression'two thirds of both Houses' means
two thirds of those members who are actually in their
seats and voting. It does not include members who
existonlyintheory oflaw; ncitherdoesitincludeact- 1
U'il members who are absent from the legislative halls,
because only in the legislative halls does the law
allow them to act. And this is the practical con-
struction put by Congress upon the words ' two thirds
of both Houses,'in this place. By Ihesame course of
reasoning, therefore, it follows that when there are
S tates which haveno Legislatures—States which, as we
have seen, are even forbid by theConstitution to put
forth any legislative act—and there is a call, in gen-
eral terms, upon ' the Legislatures of three fourths
of the several States,' those States which cannot le-
gally respond to the call, to whom, therefore, the call
cannot be constitutionally addressed, those States
which have no Legislatures and no power of legisla-
tive action are not to be taken into the account."—
lltihop on Criminal Law, note to section 776.
I Mr. JOHNSON. I am surprised that my
friend from Massachusetts should have thought
it necessary to confirm the authority of his own
opinion by referring to Mr. Bishop's work. I
never heard until he stated it that it was a
work of admitted authority. I think the Sena-
tor will agree with me that, however right he
may be in the result, the manner in which he
seeks to arrive at it, the reasoning which leads
him to the conclusion, is not such as is exactly
suited to a work of that description.
The Senator is aware that there are on this
floor and outside of Congress a great many men
who, perhaps, are as able as Mr. Bishop to
write a book upon that subject, who entertain
a very different opinion. I do not know when
that particular edition was published; but I
am sure that Mr. Bishop has not been con-
vinced by the argument of the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts, and that he may not
be considered as merely indorsing the doctrine
of the member from Massachusetts. With the
knowledge I now have, with the lights which
are now afforded me, 1 would rather—and I say
it with no purpose of disparaging Mr. Bishop,
for that cannot be done by such comparison—
much rather yield, if I am to yield to authority,
to the authority of the honorable member than
to the author of that book.
The resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on the J udiciary.
GOVERNMENT AGENTS.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
move to postpone all other business and take
up the unfinished business of the morning hour
of yesterday, being Senate bill No. 209.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope that may not be
done. There are petitions and reports to be
presented which legitimately belong to the
morning hour.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
think we can dispose of this bill in a very few
minutes. I presume it will not lead to discus-
sion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 209) in addi-
tion to an act entitled "An act regulating the
tenure of ccrtain civil offices," the pending
question being, on the motion of Mr. Sumner,
to amend the amendment of Mr. Patterson,
of New Hampshire, by adding to the second
section of the latter amendment the following
proviso:
Provided, That this shall not interfere with per-
sons employed by the Department of State and paid
out of tile contingent fund of tho Department.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
move to amend that amendment 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
amendable.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire what it is my
friend proposes; perhaps I may accept it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will read what I have drawn up in lieu of the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts :
Provided, That the Secretary of State shall have
power to appoint special agents, not exceeding fivo
in number, who shall be paid out of the contingent
fund.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not like the limitation
to five in number, and I will simply state to
my friend why. I do not know the number of
agents that the business of the Department
may require. If I had information on the sub-
ject that would enable me to speak as confi-
dently, perhaps, as he does, I would yield to
him; but I have no such information.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. Of
course I have no knowledge as to the private
business of the State Department, .and there-
fore cannot determine what number of agents
may be necessary to perform its work. 1 sim-
ply know this: that we have thirty-five diplo-
matic representatives or ministers in different
parts of the world, with their various secre-
taries and attaches, and I know that we are
entitled to some seven hundred and sixty con-
suls in different parts of the world. Now, it
seems to me that the business of that Depart-
ment could very well be done by the agents
whom the Department is authorized to employ
by law, and 1 should suppose that in addition
to them five special agents would be a suffi-
cient number to perform all the secret service
which the State Department may require. That
will give one certainly for each of the four
points of the compass and an extra agent. I
can hardly conceive that the Secretary of State
can have more than five hammers on the anvil
at any one time. If he lias I should suppose
he might call in some of the clerks of the Lrind
Office Bureau, who possibly would be willing
