1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
to leave their olium cui>i dignitate here and go j;
forth and risk the ha/.aids of earthquakes mid
volcanoes for the sake of securing some one
of the lately discovered islands of the sea. 1
should suppose our thirty-five ministers, with
their secretaries and aitadns, and our seven
hundred and sixty cousuls could perform this
work, with live or six secret agents in addi-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. And still I think ray friend
will admit that he proposes to legislate in the
dark. lie does not know whether the five that
he proposes to allow will be enough or not. I
have no reason to suppose that he has inquired
at the State Department to know how many
agents perhaps at this moment are in the ser-
vice, how many such have been employed dur-
ing the last year. I have not the information.
Since I received the letter which was read at
the desk yesterday I have had no opportunity
of conferring with the Secretary of State. J f I
had I should have tried to ascertain from him
the information which it seems to me my friend
ought to have before he pushes his proposition.
I agree with my friend so entirely in his main
purposes; I am so entirely anxious with him
to root out the system of employing agents
merely by way of political reward or for the
sake of putting money in their purses, that I
wish to accept his bill as it comes from his
hands; but still, while doing that, I am unwill-
ing to go forward and legislate in the dark on
a matter with regard to which, if we have a
little time we can obtain precise information.
I think, therefore, the Senator had better let
his bill lie over until Monday, and he can
easily ascertain in the meantime from the
State Department whether the amendment 1
which he proposes will be consistent with the ,
public interests. If it is so, it will have my I
support most cheerfully. Indeed, I should like 1
to have the number reduced still more if con-
sistent with the public interest.
Mr. ANTHOIs Y. Mr. President, diplomacy
is in its very nature secret and confidential, and
I do not think we ought to undertake to carry on
the foreign affairs of the country with a restric-
tion of this kind when we have a sufficient
restriction in the amount of the contingent
fund placed at the disposal of the Secretary of
State. It makes no difference to the country
whether he appoints five agents at a certain
salary, or ten agents at half that salary ; he can-
not exceed a certain amount, and that amount,
I understand from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, is confidentially
vouched for at the Treasury Department.
I hope the amendment suggested by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will not prevail. It
may hamper us in very important matters and
at very critical emergencies. There are times
when the President of the United States must
have power to employ confidential agents—-
when the highest interests of the country de-
mand it—and he ought to be able to select for
such services men who are competent to per-
form them ; and the small sum that is placed I
at his disposal for this purpose certainly cannot
lead to any very great corruption.
Mr. GRIMES. There is not a single argu-
ment that has been urged by the Senator from
Rhode Island and by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts as applicable to the State Department
which cannot be applied with equal force to
every other Department of the Government;
and if you allow that Department to have un-
limited sway to appoint as many agents as it
chooses, why not allow the other Departments
to do the same? Sir, this argument of allow-
ing a Department to control the legislation of j
Congress I think has reached its culmination.
Daring the war we allowed, and I think we
were justified under the circumstances under j
which we found ourselves placed in giving, [
extraordinary powers to the Departments and j
being controlled in our legislation a good deal j
by the men who were compelled to administer 1
the Government; but I trust that the time has 1
come when Congress will resume its proper
powers and not be content to confer such un-
limited sway upon the Executive Departments
of the Government. I hope, therefore, that
the amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts will be vol ed down, and that then we shall
adopt the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. CONN CSS. Although the speeches of
my friend from Iowa are always in good time
and well made, I think if he had waited a little
while he would have found, probably, as we
progressed further with the consideration of
this measure, that the chairmen of the different
committees would in their order rise and move
to except the Department which they stand
related to, following the example laid down
to us by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, who tells us that
he is willing that every other part of the bill
shall be passed and applied, but that, although
there are hundreds of agents selected to do the
business connected with the State Department,
there should be no limit placed upon them.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator will please ex-
cept the chairman of one committee from his
general statement. The chairman of the com-
mittee to which I allude is not going to make
any such proposition.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator from
Iowa has only justified the compliment that I
found pleasure in paying him in what I have said.
I did not anticipate that each chairman would
follow, because I did not think that the lead—
the Senator from Massachusetts will pardon me
for saying so—was fit to be followed. If there
are abuses connected with any of these Depart-
ments it becomes our duty to correct them. We
are told that it is no matter what the head of
a Department may do with a contingent fund ;
we appropriate it, and as a matter of course
it is spent, whether it be $20,000, $50,000,
or $100,000. Well, sir, it is about time that ,
these roving commissions were stopped to some
extent.
I do not know that I can add anything fur-
ther, and the morning hour is very valuable.
I hope that the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire will press his bill, and that such
amendments as that of the Senator from Mas- j
sachusetts will be voted down. j
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to offer an amend- ,
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire, if that proposition is pend-
ing; and it is that the Secretary .of State
be directed to report to Congress at its first |
meeting after any such employment of agents
the names of the persons employed and the
sums of money paid to them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
not now in order.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I prefer to vote
down the original amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, for the reason that I
believe all these agencies are useless, if not
worse than useless, and sometimes dangerous
to the interests of the country. I can imagine
no reason why the Secretary of State should
be allowed to send his favorites all over the
■ world at the expense of the public. Surely
we have enough authorized agents abroad to
do the public business. As the Senator from
New Hampshire has said, we have thirty-five
I ministers and several hundred consuls. At
every little Government, no matter how small
it is, we have a minister accredited and paid.
Sir, in this country of ours there is no govern-
mental business that the people should not
know all about it and how it is transacted.
This system grew up directly after the Revo-
lution as psrrt of the old system of diplomacy,
of which the doctrine was that nothing could
be done openly. I believe it was Talleyrand
who said that a diplomat should be able to use
such language as to hide his thoughts. That
was part of the system, and at the time when
it was in vogue the Governments of Europe
sent people generally of bad character, often
bad women, to the different courts to pick up
secrets in a very bad way. There is no neces-
sity for that sort of diplomacy at this period of
; the history of the world. We have presses
' which publish everything, and everybody reads,
' and everybody wishes to understand the man-
ner in which the business of the Government
is conducted.
I can see no use in this system of sending
secret agents, except simply that it allows the
Secretary of State—I mean no personal disre-
spect to the gentleman how holding that place
—to send his friends about the world, wander-
ing up and down to make speculations for them-
selves at the cost of the Government. If we
had had no agent in this business we should
not have paid Russia $7,500,000 for the terri-
tory we have bought from lier, but I dare say
we could have got it for a million or two mil-
lions. They offered it to us at our own price,
and in the plenitude of our bounty and liber-
ality we gave them three or four times as many
millions as we ought to have done. So this
place down herein the West Indies, St. Thomas,
which, I believe, has been partly destroyed by
an earthquake, is to be bought; and then a part
of San Domingo is to be bought at the present
time, and perhaps Cuba directly. All these
places will come to us in proper time; they
are gravitating now toward the United States;
and it will be their interest very soon and their
policy to become a part of us; but that would
not suit the ambition of a Secretary of State
who wants to connect his name every day with
every part of the world. What can he do now
with twenty or thirty agents traveling through
Europe? Certainly the country can derive no
benefit frcm them.
1 prefer, therefore, that we vote down the
whole proposition of allowing secret service to
any portion of the Government. The Senator
from iowa said properly that there is just as
much necessity for it in the other Departments
i as there is in the State Department. If we
cannot vote down the amendment now pending,
I shall then move to add to it the proposition
I have suggested, to have the names of the per-
sons employed and the amounts paid to them
published.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the bill (H. R. No. 439)
additional and supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to provide for the more efficient gov-
ernment of the rebel States," passed March 2,
18G7, and to the acts supplementary thereto,
the pending question being on the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary
with instructions, on which motion the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is entitled to the
, floor.
i Mr. HARLAN. Yesterday the Senate was
kind enough to adopt a resolution setting apart
to-day for the transaction of the business con-
nected with the District of Columbia. I had
expected to call up that business immediately
after the expiration of the morning hour in
pursuance of that resolution; but I learn that
I the Senator from Wisconsin expects to go on
to-day, and did not notice the passage of that
resolution during the morning hour yester-
day, and it would be some inconvenience to
I him to defer the delivery of the remarks he
wishes to make. I will not, therefore, insist
on taking up that business until the conclusion
of his speech.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
trust the Senator from Wisconsin will give way
until we come to a vote on the bill which has
been under discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend that
he had better let the bill go over until Monday,
so that we may communicate with the Depart-
ment of State in the meantime.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
will state to the Senator from Massachusetts
that the committee who reported the bill regard
it as very important that it should pass at once.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill is an important
bill, but, as I said to the Senator, he is legislat-
ing in the dark on one branch of it.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
And on a very dark subject, upon which it
seems impossible to get any light—the secret
service of the State Department.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This con-
