888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
secure the interests of the community are under
the operation of those bills without guarantees,
without protection, without any regular modus
operandi whatever.
It was to obviate these defects and to get rid
of these difficulties and these delays in the
transaction of business in the Senate that this
bill was drawn op. Now, if there be any pro-
vision in the bill that is improper it will give
me great pleasure indeed to hare the benefit
of the superior wisdom of the Senate to correct
the error. All I ask is that the Senate will
give its attention to this bill, and enable the
committee to perfect some bill that will relieve
the committee and the Senate of such an im-
mense amount of labor, and afford some kind
of security to the community in the District
of Columbia for the operation of these private
companies.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think that
the catalogue in this bill of the kinds of pro-
jects for which associations may be incorpor-
ated here, is altogether too large. If the bill
was confined merely to associations for manu-
facturing purposes and insurances and ceme-
teries, and some things of that sort, which
would relieve the Committee on the District
of Columbia, I should make no objection; but
it goes much further and takes in almost every-
thing. It provides for incorporations for
"universities, colleges, academies, seminaries,
schools, or institutes for the purpose of teach-
ing any branch or branches of useful informa-
tion or learning, or promoting religion, moral- j
ity, military sciences and discipline, or the
diffusion of knowledge, including library com-
panies," &c. Many of these ought certainly
to be excluded; but my main objection is that
it not only relieves the Committee on the Dis- j
trict of Columbia from further work in these '
matters, but it is to relieve the Legislatures 1
of all tne States, for I do not perceive why
persons may not come here and under this act
Incorporate themselves, and then do business i
anywhere throughout the whole oountry. They
are specially relieved even from having their
principal office here if they choose to have it ;
olsBwhoro i
Mr. WILLEY. With the leave of the Sen- I
ator, I beg him to remember that the commit-
tee, to meet that objection upon the part of
Senators made the other day, intend proposing
an amendment to the bill to make it more
explicit in that respect, so as to confine the
operations of companies incorporated under
this bill entirely and distinctly to the District
of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Still I do not
think that the amendment proposed will reach
the object to which I have alluded; it will still
be within the power of the eompanies to organ-
ize here and do their business elsewhere ; and
if so, then, if this act is more favorable than
the State Legislatures provide, of coarse parties
will come here and avail themselves of it. I
think myself that the bill will prove to be a very
vicious one.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I sym-
pathize entirely with the disposition manifested
by the Senator from West Virginia to relieve
the Committee on the District of Columbia of
all these subjects of detail; and I hardly sym-
pathize with what in that respect has fallen
from the Senator from Vermont. I agree, too,
with the criticism (although not made in the
spirit of criticism) of the Senator from Iowa,
who says that the better way is for us to lend
a helping hand toward the perfection of the
bill rather than to object to it as it stands ; and
I would not make the few remarks which I pro-
pose to make at this time if I saw any possi-
bility of perfecting the bill in Committee of the
Whole Senate so as to divest it of what seems to
me grave objections.
Nowt Mr. President, as I understand it, not
only the objections indicated by the Senator
from Vermont apply to the general scope of
the bill, but, in detail, inwrought witn the
machinery and proceedings permitted here, are
objections which it seems to me no Senator
who will give it his attention will be inclined
to overlook. I have no idea, however, that it
will receive much attention. There is not a
quorum or half a quorum of this body present
j now. I will not say that any of those present
are not giving the bill the strictest attention,
but if all who are here are attending to it I
' doubt whether the solid judgment of the Sen-
ate can be obtained upon it. But now, sir, let
ns briefly look at this bill.
The proposition is to incorporate companies
to do business in the District of Columbia.
What is that? A territory now much less than
ten miles square, having no railroads, in the
ordinary sense, to build, no mines to be devel-
oped, no great extent of country to be subdued ;
none of the things, in short, to be done which
enter into the economy of the great States, par-
ticularly the new States of this Union. That
being the theater of operations to which gen-
tlemen say they are going to restrict the bill—
and if they do, they must recast, I think at
least half of all its sections, because the whole
genius of the bill is to go beyond that—that
being the theater of operations, corporations
are to be chartered to do things the specific
enumeration of some of which the Senator from
Vermont need not have read because much
broader opportunities are embraced in these
words: "And for any other purpose or busi-
ness useful to the public for which a firm or
copartnership may be lawfully formed in the
District of Columbia." There are to that but
four exceptions, only four in all the whole
range of human enterprise. These exceptions
are : first, that this " shall not be construed to
authorize the incorporation of a bank of circu-
lation"—any other kind of a bank may be
incorporated—or, second—" a company for
the construction of any works of internal im-
provement;" or, third, "ofany church or re- |
ligious denomination;" or, fourth, "of any *
company, the object or one of the objects of j
which may be to purchase lands and resell the \
same for profit." As to the last exception, a j
subsequent section, I think, neutralizes that; i
but concede that there are four exceptions to
what these corporations may do; every other
known thing they may do. That is a matter
which, as the Senator from Iowa truly suggests,
with a little clerical labor upon the bill, could
be reduced and defined. But now come to the
way in which all this is to be done.
In the first place, no stockholder, by any
provision of this bill that I can find and under-
stand, is obliged to pay one farthing in cash
for his stock. There is a provision that before
the thing starts ten per cent, is to be paid, but
how it is to be paid is left entirely open.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator pardon
me for a suggestion ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. I will remind the Senator
that he referred to these supposed defects in
the bill a few days since, ana I have prepared
amendments which I think will obviate them;
and that induces me to suggest to him again
that I think the better way would be to allow
those who have had the bill in charge to make
it as near perfect as they can, and if then
it is to be rejected, so be it.
Mr. CONKLING-. Very well, sir. I was
about to make a few remarks, but I will dis-
continue them in a moment. If that is to be
corrected, then I wish to suggest to the Senate
two or three other things.
According to the provisions of the hill any
number fixed by the stockholders may be a
quorum of stockholders; and one, two, or any
number may constitute a quorum of the direct-
ors, just as they please. There is no provision
here that a director shall be a stockholder. He
may be anybody—a man who does not purport
to own s shilling in the corporation. Then
there are all sorts of provisions about preferred
Stock and about diminishing stock. In short,
to put it in a ward, it enables any man who
chooses to put up a shadow, a veil, to be called
a corporation just as he pleases, as the nom de
plume or nom de guerre under which he fights
his private enterprises.
Now, sir, if there is anything which, as far
a* I understand them, the corporation statutes
| of the various States, and which such statutes,
wherever they are found in the jurisprudence
of the world, tend to guard against, it is such a
condition of things as will make a corporation
a resort, a handle, a convenience for doing
without personal responsibility and by indi-
rect ways what the particular parties may not
choose to do in the open way of competition.
It seems to me not only that the scope of this
proposed statute is altogether too great, but that
running through its details there is a laxity, a
want of safeguard, a want of those require-
ments that experience has demonstrated to be
necessary, the like of which I have never seen
in any statute. I will speak with great diffi-
dence of the statutes of every State except the
State from which I come; but I undertake to
affirm that the fellow of this bill cannot be
found even by approximation in all the legis-
lation of that State, being an empire contain-
ing four million people, engaged as they are in
all the multiplied and diversified pursuits which
human enterprise has suggested; and even if
it were there the idea of applying it, because
found in the jurisprudence of such a commu-
nity, to the District of Columbia, would, it
seems to me, be going a great way for an argu-
ment and a parallel.
However, sir, I do not wish to continue any
criticism upon the bill. I shall be very glad to
vote with the Senators to perfect it in any way ;
but my belief is that to obviate these difficul-
ties and to make it symmetrical it will require
very different treatment from that which it la
to receive here in Committee of the Whole
Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I now offer the following
amendment, to come in as an additional section
after the amendment just offered:
And be it further enacted, That the private prop-
erty of every stockholder in any corporation organ-
ized or existing under the provisions of this act, ex-
cept those enumerated in classes four and five in the
first section, shall be liable for its debts and liabili-
ties to the extent of the par value of hi  stock.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the bill
further by striking out in line eleven of section
four the words, "county of , ot at , in
the city of , " and inserting " District of
Columbia," so as to read "which corporation
shall keep its principal office or place of busi-
ness at , in the District of Columbia."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section six, after the
word "paid" in line four, I move to insert the
words'' in lawful money of the United States'
so as to make the section read:
That no person shall be included as a corporator in
any such agreement, by reason ofany stock subscribed
for by him, unless he has, in good faith, paid in law-
ful money of the United States to the person who
may have been appointed or agreed upcm to receive
the same for the intended corporation, at least ten
per cent, of the par value of the said stock.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line eleven of section
seven, after the words "paid in," I mo^e to
insert "lawful money of the United States j"
so as to make the clause read:
The affidavit* of at least two of th  corporator!
named in the agreement shall be annexed thereto,
to the effect that the amount therein stated to be
paid on the capital has been in good faith paid in
•awful money of the United States for the purposes
and business of the intended corporation, without
any intention or understanding that the same shall
be withdrawn therefrom before the expiration or
dissolution of the corporation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to add at the end
of section fifteen:
And all payments for halanees doe on stock shall
be made in lawful money of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. What balances does that
amendment apply to?
Mr. HARLAN. The bill provides that the
stockholders may pgy in at the organization
of the company a percentage on the stock they
subscribe and afterward may pay v p as may be
agreed o  among the stockholders. I suggested
tW# amendment to obviate a difficulty men-
