1B68.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
m
tioned by the Senator from New York,-that
they might receive the stocks of other com-
panies or might receive lands in payment of
original stock. This is to require the balance
to be paid in lawful money. I
The amendment was agreed to. 1
Mr. HARLAN. In section sixteen, line
seven, T move to strike out the words "shares
exceeding one hundred" and insert "addi-
tional shares of $100 each," so as to read:
One rote for every share of stock not exceeding
$100. and ono vote for every four additional shares
of$100e*eh.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section nineteen, line
ten, I move to strike out the words "if there
be no such by-law" and insert the word "pro-
vided," so as to make the provision requiring
a majority of the stockholders to be present.,
personally or by proxy, to constitute a meet-
ing. to come in as a proviso to the first sen-
tence of the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section twenty-two, line
six, after the word "number" I move to insert
"not less thaa three;-' so as to make the
clause read:
The stockholders may in general meeting, by a by-
law, prescribe the number, not less than three, of
which the board shall consist.
The amendment was agreed to,.
Mr. HARLAN. In line ten of the same
section, after the word "and" I move to in-
sert "each director must be;" sa as to make
the clause read :
But, if it be not otherwise providod, every director i
must be a resident of the District of Columbia, aad
each director must be a stockholder. !
Mr. WILLEY. Is that necessary? It now
reads "if it be not otherwise provided, every
director must be a resident of the District of
Columbia and a stockholder.'' Why should
you insert the direction twice? I noticed, when
the Senator from New York was criticising the
bill a while ago, he said that the bill did not
require that a director should be a stockholder.
Here is a provision that, if not otherwise pro-
vided, every director shall be a stockholder,
according to the bill as it stands.
Mr. CONKLING. Where is that provision?
Mr. HARLAN. I will remark, with the
consent of the Senator from West Virginia,
that I listened closely to the criticism of the
Senator from New York, and believing him to
be candid, and that he was misled by the lan-
guage used, I thought it was better to obviate
the objection by inserting specific words.
Mr. CONKLING. I was not misled at all
in what I said, and I will repeat it. What I
said was that as the bill stood any number of
stockholders, however small, even one only,
might be made a quorum, and any number of
directors, however small, might be made a quo-
rum, and that there was nothing in the bill re-
quiring a director to be a stockholder. I repeat
ttiat.
Mr. HARLAN. Will this amendment obvi-
ate that difficulty?
Mr. CONKLING. Very likely; but I am
answering the Senator from West Virginia.
The bill expressly recognizes the right of this
quorum of directors, however small it maybe,
as provided by a by-law, to say that a director
need not be a stockholder. Therefore I say
the bill does not provide that he shall be.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amend-
ment will not obviate the difficulty unless you
strike out the words "if it be not otherwise
provided," because they may provide that one
shall be a director, if not a stockholder or if not
a resident of the District.
Mr. CONKLING. I was not attending to
the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In section twenty-two, lines
seventeen and eighteen, I move to strike oat
the words "unless it be othorinse provided in
the by-laws," so asJto read "a majority of
the board shall constitute a quorum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I believe these are all the
amendments that I have noted.
Mr. WILLEY. I do not understand whether
the chairman of the committee has had the
blank in section three filled. In that section
there is a provision that the capital stock of
any of the corporations shall not exceed    
dollars.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before this bill is
voted upon I wish" to ask the Senator from
West Virginia whether it provides for any sub-
ject except that of the organization of corpo-
rations within the District of Columbia. I
have been unable to read the whole bill.
Mr. WILLEY. That is the intention of the
bill; and certainly I think it is limited in its
operation to the District of Columbia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A general law for the
organization of corporations, so that there
shall be no more special acts of incorporation?
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir; to operate within
the District of Columbia.
Mr. HENDRICKS. * I am in favor of that
principle of legislation ; and if the bill is con-
fined to that I shall vote for it.
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to be guided
by the judgment of those of more experience
than myself in proposing an amendment to the
section where the blank is. It now reads
"that the capital of a corporation under this
act shall not exceed dollars." I suggest
that the blank be filled with $500,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Iowa moves to fill the blank in sec-
tion three with $500,000. The question is on
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I have wanted ever since
I have been here some general act of incor-
poration for the District of Columbia. I do
not know whether this bill is precisely what
is needed or not. I have not been able to
give it the attention to enable me to decide
that question. But I notice that the Senator
from Iowa has incorporated in the bill some
very important amendments, and one that I
listened to required that each stockholder
should in his private capacity and by his pri-
vate property, if required, respond to the
debts of the company not only for his stock
but for an amount equal to it, besides the
amount that he subscribed for. In other
words, it makes his personal property holden
for the amount he subscribed. I know that
is done under the laws of some States. A
man subscribes so many shares in a corpora-
tion and he pays for them and gets his stock,
and then in case the corporation becomes in-
solvent the State undertakes to hold him for
an equal amount, to be collected out of his
private property, in addition to what he sub-
scribed ; that is, that he shall not lose, by
being a member of that corporation, more than
the amount of his stock at its par value, and
the same amount of money besides.
That may be a good provision ; it looks
toward the safety of the community, I admit;
but I never would invest a dollar in any such
corporation. I do not believe any man who
has any property would ever subscribe a dollar
to a corporation where he was holden for any-
thing that he did not subscribe for. If I sub-
scribe to a corporation I am holden to pay
my stock, of course, and the reason why I pre-
fer to invest in a corporation is because I am
not holden beyond that. If we are partners
in common, if we are all going into a partner-
ship, then make every man responsible to pay
his proportion of all the debts.. I believe the
very amendment to which I have referred will
defeat the organization of any corporation
under this bill. If I were in such a corpora-
tion I should riot know whether I had any
property or not, and I do not now see how any
man would ever know whether he had any
property or not if he was liable for something
more thaa be subscribed for. He would not
know but that he might be called on any day
to pay two dollars for one. It seems to me
that that amendment, although it looks to the
safety of the community, looks in the right
direction, yet, as it holds a man for double the
amount of his stock, will prevent men taking
stock. I do not know of any corporation
where I would agree to run that risk, where,
on taking a dollar's worth of stock, I should be
required to pay beyond what I subscribed. If,
however, it is the judgment of the Senate that
corporations can be organized in this District
with any such provision as that in the charter
they will pass the bill.
Every Senator, I suppose, has been asked
to assist in passing some special act of incor-
poration for this District; and I hAve always
uniformly said that I wished we had a general
act, so that all persons who wanted to do a
legitimate business might organize under it;
but I do not believe you can organize any com-
panies with a provision in your law that a man's
private property shall be holden for anything
more than lie subscribes for, and that is the
par value of his stock. My opinion is that that
provision will defeat any legitimate organiza-
tion in the District. Men may subscribe who
want to do some illegitimate business, who
think they can afford to run risks of that char-
acter; but prudent and honest men are not apt
\o run these risks, and any other kind of men
ought not to have an incorporation.
Mr. WILLEY. I concur very much with
what the Senator from Kansas has said, and
doubt whether we shall have any corporation
under this act with that clause in it to which
he referred. It is customary sometimes to
make stockholders responsible until the entire
amount of their stock is paid in, and after-
ward only to hold them responsible to the
extent of their stock. The amendment, how-
ever, has been incorporated in the bill, and I
cannot help it.
While I am on the floor I move to amend
the bill in section seven, line six, by striking
out the word "another" and inserting "any."
This is a mere verbal correction.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. BCCKALEW. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that I am
opposed to this bill,, though I thick I am. It
contains provisions which ce«m to me to be
dangerous, looking to the rights and the inter-
ests of the^States. I submit, therefore, to my
friend from Iowa, who has the bill in charge,
whether it is advisable to press a bill of this
kind to its passage when the Senate is so
thin.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to tak-
ing an order to have the bill printed with the
amendments that have been adopted, and then
permitting it to go over until it can be reex-
amined and acted upon.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think that is the better
course.
Mr. HARLAN. I make that motion, then,
that the bill be postponed until to-morrow, and
be printed with the amendments that have been
adopted.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON CITY OFFICERS.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
143, which was reported from the Committee
on the District of Columbia on the 18th of
December last.
Several Senators. What is the bill?
The Secretary. "A bill regulating the
selection of officers in the city of Washington,
and for other purposes."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not; let us pass
this bill.
