890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
January 31,
Mr. HENDRICKS. We cannot possibly
do
Mr. SUMX EII. The people of \Yashington
are crting out tor it.
Mr. IIl\Xl>RICKS. I insist on my motion.
t he iuouou was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fripay, January 31, 1808.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Bovntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
FRAUDS UPON TDK RKVKNUB, KTC.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Wwi, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House what measures
have been adopted under the provisions of tho act
of Mnrcti 3. 1W3. entitled "An not to prevent ami
punish frauds upen the revenue." ,fcc.. what amount
of property has been seized tor lraudulent entry
since the passage ofsaid act: what amount of money
h*s been realised from such action: the number and
condition of the salts now pending for the forfeiture
of property  o seised; whether UBUsaal difficulties
and delays have occurred in the prosecution of such
suits to judgment; and if so, what are the causes
thereof, with sueh correspondence between the Treas-
ury Department and the officers ol the revenue as
relates to such seizures and to measures for the pre-
vention and punishment of frands upon the customs
revenue; what has been the effect of such measures
apoo the increase of the revenue and the suppres-
sion of frauds; what has been the extent of thefrauds
committed, and their e(T ct upon the financial. com-
■ercial, and maoatactaring interests of the country,
with his opinion as to what, if any, further legisla-
tion is neee-sarv for the suppression of such frauds.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by whi ch the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved 'hat the motion to reconsider be laid 011
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I was seeking the
floor just now to offer an amendment to the
resolution of my colleague, [Mr. Blaixe.]
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
read, and if there be no objection it will be con-
sidered as a part of the resolution just adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
And that the Secretary of the Treasury be in-
structs! to report to this House the reason why no
replv ha« b en made to a resolution adopted by this
House, November 21.1867. relative to the employment
ol detectives, and special agenU, andspecial inspect-
or', and that the Secretary be instructed to report at
once the information called for in said resolution,
and also to slate in said reply the suras paid to each
of the persons termed" detectives," " special agents"
or " special inspector*," and "informers," during the
time specified insaid resolution, and by what officers
said amounts were paid.
Mr. HOLM AN". I object, because sufficient
tine has not yet been allowed for furnishing
the information called for. The Secretary of
the Treasury, I think, will undoubtedly furnish
the information as soon as possible.
The SPEAKER. There being objection,
the preposition of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pike] is not before the House.
CONTINUANCE Of FRKBDMEn's BUREAU.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Freedmeji's Affairs a
bill (H. R. No. 598) to continue the Bureau for
the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and, on motion of Mr. Eliot,
ordered to be printed and recommitted.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rOUKTEKN'TII CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Mr. 'Speaker, I have
an unpleasant duty to perform this morning in
presenting a joint resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Ohio. I ask that it be read.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions of State Le-
gislatures are always ordered to be printed;
they are not generally read, except by unan-
imous consent.
. Mr. EGGLESTON. I hope there will be
no objection to the reading of the resolution.
!] Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
i resolution will be read. 1 believe it is custom- I
nry to have such documents read when the
reading is called for. _ „
The SPEAKER. The general usage is to
order thcni to be printed without being read.
If there is no objection, however, the resolu-
tion will be read in full.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
II. J. R. No. 1.
Relating to withdrawing the assent of the Stato of
Ohio from the proposed fourteenth constitutional
amendment. ,, , „
Rescinding resolution passed January II, A. D. 1867,
relative to amending the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and withdrawing the assent of the State
of Ohio to the proposed fourteenth constitutional
amendment.
Whereas on tho 11th day of January, A. P. 1861,
the following joint resolution was adopted by the
General Assembly of the Stato of Ohio, to wit:
" Whereas the General Assembly has received offi-
cial notification of the passage by both Houses of
the Thirty-Ninth Congress of the United States, at
its first session, of the following proposition to amend
the Constitution of tho United States by a constitu-
tional majority of two thirds thereof, in tho words
following, to wit:
" 'Joint Hetolntion propotit^p an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the Cnited State*.
"'That the following article be proposed by the
Legislatures of tho several States as an amendment
to theConstitution of the United States, which, when
ratified by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be
valid as a part of the Constitution, namely :
" 'Article XIV.
" "Sec.1. All persons born or naturalized in the Uni-
ted Stales, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,
are citizens of the United States, and of the State
wherein they reside. No State shall make or cnforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immu-
nities of citizens ol tlie United States, nor shall any
State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property
without due process of law, nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
laws.
"'Sec. 2. Representatives shall be "apportioned
among the several States according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting tho whole number of persons
in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But
when the right to vote at any election for the choice
of electors lor President and Vico President of the
United States Representatives in Congress, the ex-
ecutive and judicial officers of a State, or the mem-
bers of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of the
male inhabitants of eucli Statc.bcuig twenty-one
years of age and citizens of the United States, or in
any way abridged except for participation in rebel-
lion or othercrime, thebasisof representation therein
shall be rcduced in the proportion which the num-
ber of such male citizens shall bear to the whole
number of male citizens twenty-one years of age in
such State.
" 'Sec. 3. No person shall be a Senatoror Represent-
ative in Congress, or clector of President or Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States, or under any State, who, having
i previously taken an oath asa member of Congress, or
a? an officer of the United States, or as a member of
any State Legislature, or as an executive or judicial
officer of any State, to support the Constitution of
the United States, shall have engaged in insurrection
or rebellion against the same, or ffiven aid or comfort
to the enemies thereof. But Congress may, by a vote
of two thirds of each House, remove such disability.
"'Sec.4. The validity of the public debtof the Uni-
ted States, authorized by law, including debts in-
curred forthe payment of pensions and bounties for
services insuppressinginsurrection or rebellion, shall
not be questioned. Cut neither the United States
nor any State shall a«'umc or pay any debt or obli-
gation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion
against the United States, or any claim for the loss
or emancipation of any slave: but all such debts,
obligations, and claims shall beheld illegal and void.
"'Sec. 5. The Congress shall havepower to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.'
"And whereas three fourths of the Legislatures
of the States comprising the United States are re-
quired to give assent to the said proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States before
it becomes a part thereof: Therefore,
" lletohed by the General Ateembly of the State of
Ohio, That we hereby ratify on behalf of the State
of Ohio tho above-recited proposed amendment to
the Constitution of tho United States.
" Ketolved, That certified copies of the foregoing
preamble and resolution he forwarded by the Gov-
ernor of Ohio to the President of the United States,
to the Presiding Officer of the United States Senate,
and the Speaker of theUnited States House of Rep-
resentatives."
And whereas no amendment to the Constitution
of the United States is valid until duly ratified by
three fourths of all the States composing the United
States, and until such ratification is completed any
State has a right to withdraw her assent to any pro-
posed amendment; and whereas several distinct
propositions are combined in the said proposed
amendment, several of which are already fully pro-
vided for in the Constitution of tho United States,
and to which no person or party objects: Therefore,
Be it renolved by the Oenerifl Auembly of the State
of Ohio, That the abovo-reeited resolution be, and
the same is hereby rescinded, apd the ratification on
behalfof tlie State of Ohio of the iibove-ieeited pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution of tho United
Sta'es is hereby withdrawn and refused.
lletohed, That copies ot the loregoing preamble
and resolutions, certified to by Ihc Speaker of tho
House of Representatives and thePiesident of tho
Senate, bo forwarded to the President of the United
States, to each of our Senators ami Representatives
in Congress, and to each of tho Governors of the re-
spective States. ...
Hetohrd, That tho President of the United States
be respectfully requested to cause to bo forwarded to
the Governor of Ohio any and all papers on file in
tlic executive department at Washington certifying
tiie ratification by tho General Assembly of Ohio of
said proposed constitutional amendment and that
the Presiding Officer oi the United States Senate and
the Speaker of the United States House of Repre-
sentatives be requested to return to tho same officer
any certificate that may have been filed with them,
or cither of them, on the subject of said ratification.
JOHN F.FOLLETT,
Speaker of the Jhmtr of ICrprcsenttttives.
J. C. LEE.
President of the Senate,
January 15, A. D. 1868.
Unitki> States op America, Ohio,
Secretary ok State's Office.
I, John Russell, secretary of state of the State of
Ohio, do hereby certify that tho annexed is a true
copy of a joint resolution of the General Assembly
of the State of Ohio, " relating to withdrawing tho
assent of the State of Ohio from the proposed four-
teenth constitutional amendment," adopted Janu-
ary 15,1868, as taken from the original rolls on file in
th is office.
In testimony whereof I have hereunto subscribed
r, „ i my name and nfiixed the seal of this office, at
IL. s.J (50iu[nbus, the 22d day of Jnnu iry, A. T>. 1868.
JOIIN RUSSELL.
Secretary of State,
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move that commu-
nication or memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, as it calls for papers
about which it is doubtful whether the parties
called on have the right to send to the Gov-
ernor of Ohio. And in this connection I wish
to say that the Legislature of Ohio, in passing
a resolution of this character, have goneagainst
the wishes of the people of that State; and in
proof of that I have only to refer 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is this question debat-
able?
Mr. EGGLESTON. I was about to refer
to the election which has recently taken place
in one of the congressional districts of Ohio.
This iniquity was then presented before the
people of that State, and the result of that
election is in part due to this action of the
Legislature in passing this resolution. I know
I ought not to discuss the question now, and I
therefore demand the previous question.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask my colleague to
yield to me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Ohio that he add to his
motion instructions that the Committee on the
Judiciary report on the question of law as to
whether the State has the right to withdraw
its ftss6nt
Mr. EGGLESTON. I will modify my mo-
tion in that respect, that the committee be
instructed to report immediately on the law of
the case.
The SPEAKER. Leave to report imme-
diately will require unanimous consent.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Then as soon as may be.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object to giving the com-
mittee leave to report at any time.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move, then, that it
be ordered to be printed and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary to report on the
law of the case.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask my colleague to
yield to me.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I will yield after tho
previous question has been seconded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
hold the floor after the previous question has
been seconded, when he reports a proposition.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I demand the previous
question. I cannot yield. The resolution
speaks for itself.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a question of order. I desire to know whether
it is too late to object to the reception of this
paper?
The SPEAKER. It is too late. It was not
