893
1HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
It is a mutter in which. I think. Mr. Speaker, ,
I shall tind the whole House agreeing with me.
of such grave moment that, whatever mavbs
onr own views respecting it. those who shall
come after us. in looking back upon the pro-
ceeding, will put their fingers upon the action
of the House and will call upon us to show
good cans* tor the adoption ot the resolution
recommended by the committee.
The committee. Mr. Speaker, charge, as the
re#son and ground upon which they ask the
adoption of this resolution, that John Young
Brown voluntarily gave "aid, countenance,
counsel, and encouragement1' to those in
armed hostility against the United States.
It is one ot the marvels of* these disturbed
and distempered times that such an issue is
to be tried at the bar ot° this House; that in-
stead of a trial in the ordinary courts of jus-
tice in the land, a man against whom there is
any reason for making such a charge shall not
only go unrestrained of his liberty, but shall
come here backed by an overwhelming major-
ity of the legal voters of a congressional dis-
trict, and shall claim a right to participate in
the legislation of that Government the at-
tempt to overthrow which he is charged with
having aided.
The committee, however, and the House,upon
die report of the committee, are compelled to try
this issue here. They have felt that it is their
doty ta try it with as much deliberation and
with all the legal safeguards that would attend
a trial in a tribunal constituted for that pur-
pose. The House have instructed the com-
mittee to investigate this charge at the place
where it is alleged the offenses were commit-
ted ; they have done so; they have been to
Kentucky, and have heard all the witnesses,
both in support and in refutation of this charge,
that any person has desired to offer. They
have, at the Capitol of the nation, heard the
gentleman, both by counsel and in person,
with such considerations in defense as he has
felt it his duty or privilege or desired to offer.
They have, to some extent, takes his own tes-
timony from his own lips in extenuation or
refutation of the charge made against him.
I think I speak for the whole committee
when I say that it is with great reluctance that
they have been compelled to make the report
which is now submitted to the House. Ihey
ask for its consideration no othsr weight than
that which the evidence itself shall commend
to each man's judgment And conviction of ,
duty. They have felt that the charge is sup-
ported by the confession of Mr. Brown him-
self. That confession is contained in a letter
which he admits was written by him, and which
is found upon the second page of the report of
the committee. I take it for granted that each
member of the House has read that report;
bat for tjie better connecting it with such views
as I may be disposed to submit, I ask the Clerk
to read that letter.
The Clerk read as follows:
[From the Louisville Courier, May 15,1861.]
Elizabkthtowx, April 18,1861.
Editor!Louisville Courier:
My attention has been called to the following
paragraph which appeared in your paper of this
date:
"Johs Young Brows's Posmox.—This gentle-
man. in reply to some searching interrogatories put
to him by (Jovernor Helm, said, in reference to the
call of the President for four regiments of volunteers
to march against the South:
" ' I tcould not send one solitary man to aid. that Gov-
ernment, ami thoie who volunteer should be shot down
in their traeks.'"
ThU ambiguous report of my remarks has, I find,
been misunderstood by bome who have read it, who
eon-ftrue my language to apply to the government of
the confederate State* / What I did say was this:
"Xotoneman or one dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid Aim in his unholy war against the South,
lUh 'vt northern army a\v.M atteniptto cross our borders
te* trill resist it vntxl the d*ath ; and if one man shall
be found in our Commonwealth to volunteer to join
them, heought, and I believe will, be shot down before
he leaves the State."
This was not said in reply to any question pro-
pounded by ex-Governor Helm, as yon have stated,
and is no isore than I frequently uttered publicly and
privately prior to my debate with him.
Respectfully,
JOHN YOUNG BROWN.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, it was admit-
ted by Mr. Brown that he wrote that letter at I
the time of its date, and caused it to be pub-
lished. as appears, upon the loth day ot May,
18(51. 1 believe 1 understood him correctly to
admit that the ordinary and natural interpret-
ation of the words of "this letter would bring
him within the provision of the statute ot Con-
gress of July 2, 1SIW, and which will be found
on the first pago of (he report of the commit-
tee. I ask the Clerk to read that provision.
The Clerk read as follows:
"That hereafter every porson electod or appointed
to any office of honor or profit under the Government
of the I'nited States, either in the civil, military, or
naval departments of the public service, excepting
tho President ot the I'nited States, shall, boloro en-
terintt uport the duties of sucliollice, mid betore being
entitled to any of the sahiry or other emoluments
thereof, take and subscribe the tollowing oath or
atlirniHtion:
" 1, A 1!, do solemnly swear (or afRrinl that I havo
never voluntarily borno arms against tho I'nited
States since I h.ive been aciti/.en thereof; that I havo
voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel, or en-
couragement to persons engaged in armed hostility
thereto: that I have neither sought, nor accepted, nor
attempted to exercise tho functions of any office what-
ever under any authority or pretended authority in
hostility to tho I'nited States; that I have not yielded
a voluntary support to any pretended government,
authority, power, or constitution within tho United
States hostile or inimical thereto. And I do further
swear (.or affirm • that, to the best of my knowledge and
ability. I will support and defend tho Constitution
of the United States against all enemies, foreign and
domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance
to the same: that Itako this obligation freely, with-
out any mental reservation or purpose of evasion:
and that 1 will well and faithfully discharge the
duties of the office on which 1 am about to enter: so
help me God."
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, admitting that
the natural import of the language used by him
would be to give "'aid, countenance, counsel,
and encouragement'' t6 men "engaged in
armed hostility to the United States," Mr.
Brown asked permission to set up in extenua-
tion or explanation of that letter this defense:
that at the time the letter was written Kentucky
had assumed a position of neutrality between
the Government of the United States and those
engaged in armed hostility thereto; that the very
best Union men of Kentucky had assumed that
ground and sought to bring the State into that
position as the very best means of saving it
from being drawn into the vortex of the rebel- !
lion; and that, inasmuch as the anxiety in !
Kentucky was lest the armies of the United 1
States rather than those of the rebellion
should "invade," as they called it, the State
of Kentucky, it was necessary for him and those
acting with him, as he claimed, in aid of the
( Union, to quiet the public mind in Kentucky
, by an assurance that they would resist the
Government of the United States in any "at-
tempt," as they called it, "to invade the State
of Kentucky;" and as there was no alarm or
apprehension lest the confederate government
, should invade the State of Kentucky, there
; was no occasion for him to attempt to quiet
the public mind in that regard; and that he
| published this letter for that purpose and to
that end. And he asked the committee to
consider in connection with this statement the
surrounding circumstances under which the
letter was published, and certain ducuments
which will be found appended to this report,
namely: the proceedings of a public meeting
in Louisville, Kentucky, upon the very day on
which this letter was written ; also a card pub-
lished by him, dated May 13, 1861, announcing
himself as a candidate for reelection to Con-
gress, and the comments of two Union papers
of Louisville upon the card on the day of its
publication. Mr. Brown also asks us to con-
sider the fact that no act of hostility to the
Union except the one now under consideration
has been proved against him.
The committee are willing, and, indeed, feel
it right to interpret this letter in the light of
those circumstances and that surrounding evi-
dence ; and they have given to those circum-
stances and that evidence all the weight to
which in their opinion they are entitled. Yet
they are unable to come to the conclusion that
they or this House will be justified in potting
upon this letter any other than the natural con-
struction whieh its language suggests. In jus-
tice to Mr. Brown, as well as to the committee,
I desire to ask the House to consider with me
those circumstances.
First, was this a letter that would possibly,
under any circumstances, aid that "neutral-
ity'' which, strange as it appears to us at this
day, any Union man in Kentucky could seek
to assume in behalf of bis State? I am not
going to detain the House in discussing the
question of Kentucky " neutrality." Nor will
1 question the statement that very many who
were honest and true Union men in Kentucky
at that time assumed that position, or that
they had cause to assume it. 1 am disposed
to concede this for the purpose of the present
argument, although that "neutrality" was in
itself treason, although as a practical matter
it was an impossibility, as was demonstrated
in Kentucky in a very short time, every man
having then no alternative but to support that
cause to which his sympathies inclined. Yet
assuming that position to have been taken in
Kentucky in 18til, and to havo had among its
advocates men who have since proved them-
selves true Union men, I say that, by no fair,
honest construction, cither of the letter itself
or of any evidence presented by Mr. Brown in
support of his position or in explanation of
that letter, does it seem to the committee pos-
sible for Mr. Brown to place himself in any
other position than that in which he is placed
by that letter as it appears upon its face.
In that letter we have a confession that in
April, 1801, six days after Sumter had been
fired upon, three days after President Lincoln
had called upon Kentucky, as well as every
other State, to contribute its proportion of
seventy-five thousand volunteers to suppress
rebellion and defend the Government—imme-
diately after the then Governor of Kentucky
had sent back a treasonable response to Presi-
dent Lincoln that " Kentucky would furnish no
volunteers in this war of subjugation upon her
sister States"—this gentleman, going back from
the Halls of Congress to his constituents, de-
clared publicly and privately to those constit-
uents that—
"Not one man or one dollar will Kentucky fur-
nish Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against
tho South. If this northern army shall attempt to
cross our borders, we will resist it unto the death;
and if one man shall be found in our Commonwealth
to volunteer to join them, he ought, and I believe
will be, shot down before he leaves the State."
Mr. Speaker, what is it Mr. Brown asks us
to consider to lead us to believe this was in
•id of neutrality? He says, in the first place,
that, upon the very day this letter bears date,
he addressed a Union meeting in Louisville,
where this letter was written, and it could not
be possible, if this letter were hostile to the
LTnion, in aid of armed hostility to the Union,
that he could have sat down and penned there,
in the midst of the community where he made
this speech, any such letter as this. And, sir,
there is some force in the suggestion were there
any facts to back it up.
He appeals to an account of this Union meet-
ing, published in a Louisville paper next morn-
! ing, in support of this claim ; and to that ac-
count, if tire gentlemen who trouble themselves
to listen to me will turn to the appendix to
the report, they will see there is not a word
reported there that Mr. Brown uttered on the
occasion. The meeting is described a3 having
been a glorious Union meeting, and the speech
of Senator Dixon is reported on that, occasion;
but the editors of that paper, instead of fur-
nishing what John Young Brown said, content
themselves with assuring the people of Ken-
tucky of his rhetorical achievements, without
giving one word of what he said. They leave
us just there. They do say, however, without
giving us in so many words what was said,
some things which I ask the House to listen to:
"Hon. John Young Brown fotlowed in a speoeh
unsurpassed in power and brilliancy. The gifted
young orator rehearsed the history of tho la3t Con-
gress, the efforU for compromise, tho surreilder by
the Republicans of the fundamental idea of the Chi-
cago platform, the positive non-extension of slavery
in the formation of the new Territories.
• ,"e held his audience spoil-bound, as it were, for
m'o* than aa fcttur, as- he poured out burning wffrd"
