894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
'' Now," says Mr. Brown, "there is my let-
ter, and I hope hereafter there will be no doubt
about my position.''
But, ssr, the claim that Mr. Brown was a
Union man was settled at his own home. He
wrote this letter on the 18th of April. On the
13th of May he came out in a cart! announcing
himsplt a candidate for reelection to Congress
in a district that np to that time and afterward
sent nobodv but Avowed Union men to the
Congress of the United States. On the 13th
ol' May he published his card of candidacy.
On the loth day of May, two days afterward,
the editors of the Louisville Courier, a seces-
sion newspaper, who had this letter in their
possession, brought it out and published it to
show that he was no Union man. Although
when he had published his card of candidacy
a Union paper had proclaimed to the people
that he would be elected by acclamation, that
do man would ever run against him, yet upon
the publication two days afterward by the
Louisville Courier of this letter of his he dis-
appeared from the canvass and was not heard
of alter ward in it. Another man was elected
from that district as a Union man, who came
here and occupied a seat in this House ; with
what credit to the cause of his party or to his
own reputation it is not worth while for us to
consider, for it is not in issue here.
Sir, believing that I have satisfied the House
that this man has given aid, countenance, and
support to the cause of the rebellion, as he has
eont'essed in his letter, it may be necessary, if
I have time, for me to inquire what power we
have to exclude him therefor from the Halls
of Congress. I would inquire of the Chair
how much time I have left.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has ten
minutes of his hour now remaining.
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps 1 cannot better
employ those ten minutes than in submitting
some views in reference to the power of this
Congress to exclude a man from this Hall who
is convicted of having sought to overthrow the
very Government in whose councils he seeks
to participate by taking a seat in this Hall.
Sir, I hare already stated that John Young
Brown came here, is more than twenty-five
years of age, a citizen of the United States,
and a resident of Kentucky, with a majority
of the legal voters of his district. It may be
well asked, have we any power to ge further
and behind these qualifications?
I admit that it is not easy for any one to
define in words the power which I think every
man must feel exists in this body to exclude
from these Halls any man known to have been
engaged in a hostile war against the very Gov-
ernment ilself. There is a feeling. I doubt
not, in every man's breast, a conviction in
every man's sense of duty and of obligation,
that he has the power somewhere, and that it
is his duty to exercise that power, to exclude
from the Halls of Congress a man who comes
here covered with evidences of guilt in having
attempted to overthrow this Government.
Sir, I admit for myself—every other gentle-
man, of course, may come to any other con-
clusion that he finds the Constitution to author-
ize him in coming to—I admit that there is no
express authority in this Government under
the Constitution to exclude frpm Congress a
man for the offense here charged. The Con-
stitution has given this House sole power to
decide upon the election, returns, and qualifi-
cations of its members. All that it has said
upon the subject of the qualifications of the
members of the House of Representatives is
to be found in these words:
"No person shall be a Representative who shall
not hare attained the age of twenty-five years, and
been seven years a citizen of the United States, and
who shall not when elected be an inhabitant of that
State in which be shall bo chosen."
Mr. Speaker, I ask the attention of the House
to the peculiar phraseology of this provision of
the Constitution. It does not say that no qual-
ifications beyond these shall be required. It
simply says that "no person shall be a Rep-
resentative who shall not have attained the age
of twenty- fire years and been seven years a cit-
isen of the United States, and who shall not,
when elected, be an inhabitant of that State
in which he shall be chosen." 1 submit to
the House the question whether this does not
mean that no man sliall serve as a Represent-
ative who lias not. nt least, these qualifica-
tions ? Why was this particular form of phrase-
ology selected 'I Was it not, left by the Cramers
of tiie Constitution in this form, in view of the
possibility that the exigencies of the Govern-
ment at some period of its history might de-
mand that some other qualifications should be
required of a person presenting himself for
admission as a Representative, than simply
that he should be twenty-five years of age, a
citizen of the United States (or seven years
preceding, and a resident of the State from
which he might present himself? I know it
has been adjudicated that no qualification can
be added to the qualifications stated in the
Constitution. Those adjudications may have
been simply to the etfect that so far as these
three elements are concerned, they are defined
in this clause of the Constitution 
Mr. PAINE. I desiretoask the gentleman
whether he has ever found any decision to the
effect that it was not competent for the Fed-
eral Government to require any other qualifi-
cations ; whether the decisions go further than
to hold that the States have not the power to
prescribe other qualifications?
Mr. DAWES. In the line of remarks which I
propose to submit I shall probably answer, so far
as 1 am able, the suggestion of the gentleman.
I do not know, Mr. Speaker, that the Fed-
eral Government has ever attempted—I think
so far as my examination, which has not been
very thorough, has extended, the Federal Gov-
ernment has never attempted—to impose any
other qualifications. The States have, from
time to time, attempted to do so ; and it has
universally been adjudicated in this and the
other branch of Congress that it was beyond
the power of the States to add to the qualifica-
tions defined in the Constitution.
I was submitting a moment ago the query
whether, after all, the inhibition did not per-
tain to these three particulars, namely, that
so far as age is concerned it must be twenty-
five years; that so far as citizenship is con-
cerned the person presenting himself as a Rep-
resentative must have been a citizen of the Uni-
ted States for seven years ; and that so far as
residence is concerned he must at the time of
his election be a resident of the State which he
seeks to represent.
But, Mr. Speaker, this case does not in my
view involve necessarily the question whether
the Government of the United States can pre-
scribe additional qualifications; fori believe it
to be inherently implied in every constitutional
provision under which this Houseof Representa-
tives has its existence—an implied condition
onderlyhig the very foundation of the Govern-
ment itself—that no man shall be qualified to sit
as a member of this House who has not the indis-
pensable qualification of loyalty to the Gov-
ernment. While it was not deemed necessary
i by the framers of the Constitution to express
that requirement, yet it exists as a matter of
necessity; and among the considerations touch-
ing the right of a man to a seat there stands
out this paramount consideration, whether the
applicant has that indispensable qualification
of loyalty to the Government. I do not choose
to attempt to define in words (for I should doubt-
less fail to define what the framers of the Con-
stitution did not deem it wise, or found it from
the nature of the case impossible to define) the
character which a Representative must have in
order to entitle him, by the judgment of the
House, regardful of its own life and perpe-
tuity 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHANLER obtained the floor, and said:
I trust that the chairman of the Committee of
Elections [Mr. Dawes] will be allowed time to
finish his remarks. I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
desire?
Mr. DAWES. I cannot say. I would like
to finish the line of argument which I was just
pursuing.
The Si'EA..Ell. If there is no objection
the time of the gentleman from Massachusetts
will be extended for one hour.
There wns no objection.
Mr. DAWES. Lint, Mr. Speaker, there is
a further consideration underlying this matter,
and that is this: the Government of the United
States is bound to preserve itself. It is clothed
with the power, and in the absence of any in-
hibition of means, it is authorized to avail
itself of all means necessary or proper contrib-
uting to the end to preserve itself. I think
these are propositions which do not admit of
doubt. When the Government is once estab-
lished, and does not limit its own duration, and
does not limit its own means of selt'-preserva-
tion, it is authorized by all the laws of human
society and government to resort to all means
whatever they are that will contribute to that
end.
Mr. Speaker, this was the view of the frauers
of the Constitution themselves. This was the
view of Hamilton, the greatest of all those who
discussed the powers and participated in the
framing of the Constitution, and I beg the
House to do me the honor to listen to the views
of Mr. Hamilton on this point.
I read from the twenty-third number of the
Federalist:
" The circumstances that endanger the safety of
nations are infinite; and for this reason no constitu-
tional shackles cau wisely be imposed on the power
to which the oare of it is committed. This power
ought to be coextensive with all the possible com-
binations of such circumstances: and ought to be
under the direction ot tho s.imo councils which aro
appointed to preside over the common defense.
"This is one of tliosetruths which, to a correct and
unprejudiced mind, carries its o.vn evidence along
with it, and may be obscured but cannot be made
plainer by argument or roasoning. It rests upon
axioms as simple as they aro universal; the means
ought to be proportionate to the end. The persons
from whose agency tho attainment of any end is ex-
pected ought to possess the means by which it is to
be obtained.
" Whether thereought to bea Federal Government
intrusted with the care of the common defense is a
question, in the first instance, open to discussion;
but the moment it is decided in the affirmative it
will follow that that Government ought to be clothed
with all the powers requisite to the complete execu-
tion ot its trust And unless it can boshown that the
circumstances which may affect the public safety are
reducible within certain determinate limits—unless
the contrary of this position can be fairly and ra-
tionally disputed, it must be admitted as a necessary
consequence that there can be no limitation of that
authority which is to provide for the defense and
protection of the community in any matter essential
to its efficacy."
And Mr. Madison, taking up the same sub-
ject, in the forty-first number of the Federalist,
says:
"The means of security can only be regulated by
the means and the dnnser of attack. Tbcy will, in
fact, be ever determined by these rules, and by no
others. It is in vain to oppose constitutional bar-
riers to the impulse of self-preservation,"
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, in the absence of
any constitutional inhibition of any means neces-
sary for the preservation of the Government,
the Government itself, by the innate principle
of self-defense, is clothed with the power and
the duty is enjoined upon it to use every means
conducing to that end.
And, air, the greatest of the judges of the
Supreme Court, Chief Justice Marshall, after
one generation of exercise of the functions of
this Government and experience of it, in that
great case of McCulloch vs. State of Maryland,
where he expounded better than ever since the
powers of this Government—at the fountain
of whose opinions nave been drawn all the doc-
trines in relation to the sovereignty and powers
of this Government which statesmen since have
given out so copiously—has taken up this sub-
ject and declared:
"The Government which has a right to do an act,
ana has imposed on it the duty of performing that
act, roust, according: to the dictates of reason, be al-
lowed to select the mesinq; and those who contend
ta&t it may not select any appropi into means, that
one particular mode of effecting the object in excepted,
take iii pon themselves the burden of establishing that
exception."
And farther on he says:
Lot tho end be legitimate, let it be within tho
