896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
mau from Iowa, if I understand him correctly,
as saying that it vras this bill or nothing?
Mr. ALLISON. I so stated to the House.
I believe that if we do not agree to this con-
ference report (and this is the report of the
third conference committee that has been ap
pointed) the Senate will not concur in the
appointment of another committee of confer-
Mr. BROOKS. Then I think we would
hardly be justilied before the country in re-
fusing to adopt this report.
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Schkscc.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the Clerk to read
the title of the bill which is the subject of this
report.
The Clerk read the title, as follows?
A bill to provide for the exemption of cotton from
internal tax.
Mr. SCHENCK. Exactly; that is the title
of the bill; that is the title which has been
agreed upon by both Houses; a title which is now
past change, which it is beyond the power of
the House to change, except by unanimous
consent, having along with it the unanimous
consent of the Senate also.
Sir, that title tells the whole story. We
introduced a bill to repeal the internal tax on
cotton, which we passed and sent to the Senate
for their concurrence. The Senate it seems
are determined to tack to that bill something
which relates to a totally different subject, that |
is, the duty on cotton, and to stand out against
the House with a purpose that nothing shall
be done for the grower of American cotton,
nnless at the same time some legislation is had
for the benefit of certain American manufac-
turers.
Now, sir, when the last committee of confer-
ence made their report, and after the House
by an qmphatic veto had refused to concur in
the recommendation of the committee, I made
what appears to have been an unlucky remark.
I suggested that if the House would but be
decided and firm in a matter where it supposed
it was right I knew of no body more likely to
recede than the Senate of the United States ;
and this gave offense to some in the Senate.
I believe it is not generally considered parlia-
mentary for members of one House to under-
take to answer the speeches and remarks of
members made in the other House. Yet that
remark of mine was commented upon and was
found fault with.
I now desire to make an apology to the Sen-
ate. When I made that remark 1 thought that
where the House persisted in what it con-
sidered to be right, and the Senate was brought
to a sober second-thought, had time for reflec-
tion and for reconsideration, the Senate might
recede from the ground which we believed it
had wrongly taken. It seems I was mistaken ;
I retract now the remark, and admit that the
Senate is just as mulish and obstinate as it
claims to be.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to
the gentleman from Ohio that his last remark
is scarcely in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I retract that re-
mark, for I wish to give no offense to our supe-
riors in the other end of the Capitol.
The SPEAKER. The rules require that
each body shall refer to the other in a parlia-
mentary manner.
Mr. SCHENCK. I only mean to say that
the Senate, like the court, understands itself,
and is more decided than I supposed it would
be when an opportunity for reconsideration
has been furnished to it.
What is the question really before us? Cot-
ton is taxed for the purposes of internal reve-
nue two cents and a half on the pound. We
propose, in order to relieve from great de-
pression this important interest, to remove
that tax. We know this measure to be essen-
tial for the safety of that interest, which has
now fallen so low that the present price of
cotton is in no way remunerative to those who
devote their labor to its production. The Sen-
ate *ay, "If you adopt that measure then you
shall also, as a condition of our agreeing with
you, do another thing: you shall couple with
this measure legislation tor the benefit of cer-
tain American manufactures." An impres-
sion prevails that, by removing the tax, we in
some way legislate against the American man-
ufacturer; but this is not true. It the bill as
passed by the House becomes a law it leaves
these manufacturers precisely where the bill
found them. Who are the manufacturers who,
it is feared, may be in some way injured by the
bill of the House? As 1 understand, two or
three little establishments which sprung up
during the war are engaged in manufacturing
a low-priced cotton brought from Surat into
grain-bags and other articles of like coarse
fabric ; and it is thought important to build up
that interest.
What is the condition of the interest at pres-
ent, iu the absence of any legislation such as
we propose ? This manufacture has sprung up
while there has been a tariff ot three cents per
pouud on cotton, and if we leave this tariff
still in force this manufacture will be left in
just the same condition as it has been. We
propose no legislation against it. We prepose
to let it alone. We propose not to mix up the
question of tariff with the question of tax; we
propose not to legislate on this subject at all.
But with this the men engaged in that branch
of manufactures are not satisfied. They have
been enabled, as I have remarked, to establish
this manufacture while there has been a tariff
of three cents per pound on cotton. With gold
at an average premium of forty cents on the
dollar, this tariff of three cents per pound is
equivalentto four and onefifth cents perpound.
In other words, they have been able, paying a
tariff of four and one fifth cents per pound, to
establish this manufacture and carry it on thus
far without difficulty. But they now say, "If
you relieve the American producer of cotton
by taking from him a tax of two and one half
cents per pound in currency we claim that you
shall also do something for us, although our
case is in no way connected with his. Unless
you do that we will not agree that you shall
relieve the American producer. Unless while
relieving the cotton-grower of a tax of two and
one half cents per pound in currency you at
the same time relieve us from a tariff of four
and one fifth cents in currency, under which
we have been able to build up and prosper-
ously carry on our establishments, we shall
| not be content with your legislation."
We are not proposing to legislate against
j them; we have simply declined to legislate for
them ; and they say that we must legislate for
them or they will not agree to our legislation
for the benefit of anybody else. That is the
, length and breadth of the entire matter,
j Why, Mr. Speaker, of what are they afraid ?
I They now buy Surat cotton, and can afford to
buy it, paying on it a tariff of four and one fifth
i cents per pound in currency. Under this tariff
| their business has grown up and flourished;
and now they seem to be afraid that if, by legis-
S lation, we should make American cotton cheap,
I they may be tempted to buy some American
I cotton, and they do not want to be so tempted!
[Laughter.] What else can be their idea? If
the tariff continues they will get Surat cotton
as cheaply as they have got it heretofore ; but
if we take the tax off the domestic product
they may get that a little cheaper. Their
objection, then, if it has any substance what-
ever, is, that they are afraid of toeing tempted
to buy the American article by our bringing
it down so that it will enter into competition
with the foreign article which they have been
using.
Now, sir, I have given to this subject con-
siderable reflection since the report of the last
committee of conference, and the more I turn
the matter over in my mind the more clearly
the question seems to me to resolve itself into
the form I have stated, and the more prepos-
terous appears the assumption that we must
not legislate for the American producer of cot-
ton unless we at the same time change our
tariff law for the benefit of some three or four
manufacturers along the sea-boariwho have
been able to prosper under the law as it stands.
Now, sir, if I vote to concur with the Sen-
ate at all on the report which has now been
made, I will do it only upon the ground upon
which my colleague on the committee from
New York [Mr. Brooks] places it, for the
sake of getting the cotton interest of the Uni-
ted States relieved from a burden it cannot
bear ; and even yet I do not know I feel fully
justified in going so far. I did it when a
former report of the committee of conference
came in, and the more I have thought of it
since the more I am inclined to think I was
wrong then. This very Senate, which never
recedes and is never wrong, this very Senate
lias given up four months since that time; that
is, in the report of the committee of conference
before they agreed to tack to the end of the
House bill a provision that the tariff should be
taken off after the 1st of July, 1808, and now
they have gone four months further off in the
future and say they will be content to take it
off after the 1st of November, 1868. That is
the only difference between the two reports.
One word on this subject of a more general
character. I maintain, at all times, that we
should, in raising our revenue from import
duties, so regulate those duties and so distrib-
ute them as to give every reasonable protec-
tion we can to American products, either of
the soil or of our manufacture. In other words,
sir, I am a tariff man. I am a protectionist
in what 1 claim is the true principle of such
distribution so as to afford protection; and
among the articles to be protected I know noth-
ing that has stronger claims than any product
of our soil which furnishes a raw material for
our own manufacturing interests to make use
of. How, then, if I believe we ought to protect,
by a discriminating tariff, flax and flaxseed,
and hemp, and hides, and cotton, and wheat,
and corn, and barley, how can I, with any
countenance, take from among these cotton,
and leave that to go without any such discrimi-
nating protection under this bill, and with the
same countenance claim protection for the rest
of these raw materials ? There is no consist-
ency in this, and there can be none; and I
warn gentlemen on the seaboard, at least those
engaged in manufactures, to take care lest they
open a little sluice-way^ere which may produce
consequences they themselves do not intend
shall be admitted into our legislation. If you
open up this- question in regard to cotton, in
regard to these raw materials produced by the
interior of the country and in the South, you
must not be surprised if hereafter just the
same degree of favor which you extend to our
products shall be measured out to you, if we
are going to be fair and equal all round.
Now, sir, if we can get nothing else from the
Senate, perhaps it is our duty to agree to this
report of the committee of conference. I am
not quite sure it is better on that point. If we
can get nothing else from the Senate it will be
at least a great thing to relieve from this heavy
burden the present cotton interest of the coun-
try by taking the tax off. If the House and
Senate should not agree on this bill the time
is not far distant, I trust not a great many days,
when we shall be able to report to this House
a general bill for the revision of the internal
tax of the country, and we may introduce into
that a remission of the tax upon cotton for the
future. If we do, and they should attempt to
ingraft such provisions as this upon that bill,
gentlemen will only open the door to the in-
troduction into the bill of various other matters
connected with the tariff, not with the internal
tax, and they themselves do not know how far
this may go before our work will be through.
The ground of the committee is simply what
I have stated here. We do not propose to
legislate at all—God forbid—against these lit-
tle manufactories which have sprung up. We
propose to let them alone to prosper as well
under a three-cent tariff laid on cotton as they
have prospered heretofore; but, dissatisfied
with that, those who advocate the Senate
amendment claim they will do nothing for the
