1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
897
producer of cotton unless in the same breath I
you do something, which has not been asked
for in anv general or public way, for a little lot
of manufactories, who want to get even more
benefit than the cotton producer in America
gets. They claim that when you relieve them
from two and a half cents, which has been
universally asked for and emphatically done by
the vote of this House, you shall go a step
further or your whole legislation shall fail to
relieve them from four and one fifth cents,
which nobody has asked for.
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Blaine.]
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, 1 hope the
House will not lose sight of one very pregnant
fact connected with this controversy between
the Senate and this' branch, namely: that
whereas the House, by a very large majority,
is in favor of removing this tax, the Senate is
in favor of it by a very close majority. And I
wish to state another fact which I do not think
has yet been presented to the House, that this
proposition was carried finally by the votes of
Senators from the Pacific States, who have got
a little manufacturing interest growing up on
that coast. They get cotton from Mexico,
and they make the specific point that they
must have their cotton free from that country,
because they do not get any cotton from the
Atlantic shore, and cannot, of course, trans-
port it from this side to San Francisco with
advantage. Now, there are five or six Sena-
tors who are controlled by that interest, and
if we do not allow the bill to go through in its
present shape it cannot go through the Senate
at all. They stand right at the gateway; they
have the power to prevent its passage. It is
not for me to criticise their conduct. I am
only stating the fact that they positively refuse
to yield, and having the balance of power they
are able to prevent the passage of this bill
nnless we agree to it in the present form.
Therefore the question comes back to the
House to consider whether we will now submit
to what we regard as an injustice, and trust to
the future revision of the tariff to reinstate what
we ought not now to give way to except under
compulsion, or whether we will be as deliberate
as the Senate, and let the whole bill die between
the two Houses. For myself, opposed as I am
to repealing the tariff on cotton, I consider the
question of repealing the internal revenue tax
to be of much graver and more immediate con-
sequence. Therefore, finding the Senate thus
minded, and finding it absolutely under the
control of this local Pacific interest, I have
united with my colleagues on the committee in
yielding that point, though it is against the
expressed wishes of the majority of the House.
And I think we acted wisely in so doing.
I do not think the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] is exactly justified in attrib-
uting this opposition to eastern interest. I do
not apprehend there is any eastern interest
involved in the case, or that there is anything
like unanimity of opinion among eastern men
in regard to the tariff on cotton ; and I am sure
I come from a State that is pretty far east.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man appeals to me, and I shall be very glad to
explain. I always thought he came from so
far east as to be almost west. I knew the lib-
erality of his views in regard to matters of this
kind, but the reason of my reference to the
east was that, until the gentleman spoke just
now, I never heard of this Mexican cotton.
The Surat cotton had been rung in my ears by
Senators who talked to me privately on this
subject and who are active in this war at the
other end of the Capitol, and it has been sug-
gested also that gentlemen of this House rep-
resent interests of that kind. That is the only
explanation I have heard till just now.
Mr. BLAINE. I am admonished by the
chairman of the committee that I must be short.
I think I have stated an important fact in regard
to Mexican cotton. I know it controls the
State on this subject, and, therefore, as I do
not wish to occupy the time of the House, I
close by saying that I am sure if we disagree
40th Oong. 2d Sess.—No. 57.
to the report of the committee of conference
this bill is dead.
Mr. ALLISON. I am appealed to by sev-
eral gentlemen to yield. I intend to do so, but
briefly. I now yield a few minutes to my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Trimble, of
Kentucky.]
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I think if anything is done by this Congress to
encourage the growth of cotton in the South it
ought to be done at once; for within thirty
days from this time the arrangements will be
made fcjr planting whatever crops will be grown
in the South in 1868. While I reluctantly con-
sented to this report and would have been
glad to have the tariff remain as it stands and
such incidental protection given to the culti-
vators of cotton for a few years, still rather
than see this bill fail and this act of justice to
a large portion of the agricultural interests of
the country fail, I have consented to take half
a loaf rather than have no bread at all, and I
hope that every friend of the culture of cotton
will vote for this report of the committee of
conference, for I believe that if we do not
accept it nothing will be yielded to us by the
Senate.
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield three minutes
to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike.]
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I merely wish to
say that I hope the House will stand upon its
dignity and adhere to its vote. The gentle-
men of the committee of conference have as-
sured us that if it does so adhere the bill will
fail. That will be a most excellent result.
Then, sir, this question of the taxation of cot-
ton will go where it ought to go—into the gen-
eral bill assessing taxes upon all the other
j employments and productions of the country.
There are other employments, I am very sorry
| to say, that do not pay after being levied upon
by the heavy taxation of this country, more
important, in my judgment, than the produc-
tion of cotton, and I hope that no employment
will have opportunity to be heard and that no
special legislation in favor of cotton or any
olTE single interest will absorb the attention of
this House to the exclusion of others. And I
say to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Schenck] that I represent a
district oppressed as much by customs taxa-
tion as his district or, perhaps, any other dis-
trict represented in this House ; and so far as
any threats may be given out by him or any-
body else here, in the line of free trade, I say to
him that I do not fear free trade to its utmost
extent if it shall be established as the policy
I of this country; but that on the question of
' taxation, either by tariff or internal tax, all i
ask, as one Representative, is a fair hearing,
a fair levy of taxation, and a fair considera-
tion of all the industrial interests of the country.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not propose to re-
argue this question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. i am reluctant to occupy
the attention of the House a moment longer,
but the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike]
does me great injustice. I made no threats
of free trade. I gave them warning of what
would be the consequence of opening the door
for such legislation.
Mr. PIKE, was not that an implied threat
in the line of free trade?
Mr. SCHENCK. It was^n implied threat
of consequences neither you nor I want to
bring on the country.
Mr. PIKE. If it was not a threat in the line
of free trade, then my remark does not apply.
Mr. SCHENCK. I leave the House to say
whether I illustrated it when I showed that in
this case those who maintain the Senate meas-
ure are simply claiming you shall not let the
American producer have the benefit of relief
to the extent of two cents and ahalf per pound
unless at the same time you give us the benefit
of four cents and one fifth in currency.
Mr. MAYNARD. The view that I take of
this question, and which I attempted to express
to the House the other day, is that an attempt
to fasten this condition upon the repeal of the
internal cotton tax is so unjust, is such an
attempt to obtain an advantage by hampering
legislation that the whole country demands, by
a concession which nobody but a few interested
persons demand, that I cannot give my consent
to buy the measure by any such concession.
As to the argument urged by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Trimble,] and that seems
to operate upon the minds of others as well,
that we must take this proposition or get noth-
ing, I understood the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schenck,] the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, to say that very soon
a general bill would be reported revising the
internal tax system throughout, and that this
matter would be incorporated into that billand
presented to the Senate in such shape that they
would not be able to hold this rod over us.
Mr. BLAINE. Why not on that bill as well
as on this bill ? I would like the gentleman to
tell us why the Senate cannot play the same
game precisely on the bill to which the gentle-
man from Ohio refers.
Mr. MAYNARD. When this bill was intro-
duced I favored its early passage in order that
the effect of it might operate upon cotton-grow-
ing for the present year. But so much time
has now elapsed that that great purpose has
been substantially defeated. I confess that the
argument for the adoption of this report has
made but little impression upon my mind.
Mr. COVODE. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Allison] to yield to me for a min-
ute or two.
Mr. ALLISON. Very well.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I have become
satisfied from this discussion that this is not the
time to pass upon this measure. I have always
observed, during my services in this House,
that when any measure is brought forward in
regard to the propriety of passing which there
is so much doubt as there seems to be about
adopting this report, it is better to postpone it
for a time.
With regard to this'cotton tariff and tax, this
measure proposes, as it were, a double bonus to
a certain class of manufacturers in this coun-
try. It proposes, first, to take the tax of two
and a half cents per pound off domestic cotton,
which must operate to the advantage of those
engaged in cotton manufacture. And when I
speak of that I claim to speak as one having
some experience upon the subject, being my-
self a purchaser and manufacturer of cotton.
In connection with removing the internal
tax of two and a half cents per pound, it is
also proposed to take the tariff entirely off the
Surat and other cottons now imported into this
country. It is true that this Surat cotton is
used by only a small number of manufacturers
at present. But we cannot tell how long that
will continue to be the case. We can look
back but a few years when the shoddy manu-
facturing business had but a very small begin-
ning, when no one seemed to fear the manu-
facture of shoddy. But at the present time
numerous orders have been sent out to Europe
for machinery with which to manufacture
shoddy in this country. And, in my opinion,
the same result will happen in the manufactures
of cotton, if we offer such strong inducements
for the introduction of this cheap and inferior
foreign cotton to displace the superior cotton
grown in this country.
Sir, I am satisfied we should not act upon
this particular interest until we come to pass
upon the subject of internal taxes in a general
bill, which will soon be brought before the
House for its consideration.
Mr. ALLISON. I now yield for a short
time to the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. El\]
Mr. ELA. I desire to say but a word or
two. There is a class of cotton goods manu-
factured in the eastern States which weigh
about two and a half pounds to the square
yard. Those goods are used mainly for export
