1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled hill.
Mr. HOLM AN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(H. R. No. 207) to provide for the exemption
of cotton from internal tax ; when the Speaker
signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (S. No. 308) for the
relief of the heirs of the late General Duncan
S. Clinch, deceased, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, my col-
league, Mr. Stokes, obtained leave of absence
some time ago which expires to-day. He is
unable to return ; I desire to have his leave
extended. ;
The leave of absence was accordingly ex- j
tended. I
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS IN THE NAVY-YARD. j
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, in reply to a reso-
lution of the House of the 28th instant, rela-
tive to alleged abolition of discriminations in
favor of soldiers and sailors by the Navy De-
partment ; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, j
DISMAL SWAMP CANAL.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting an opinion by the Attorney General rela-
tive to a proposed sale of stock held by the
United States in the Dismal Swamp canal.
On motion of Mr. WOODWARD, the com-
munication was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
AFFAIRS IN TEXAS. j
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House letters from Governor ^
Pease, of Texas, and Hon. C. Caldwell, one !
of its supreme judges, in regard to the affairs
of that State; which were ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Reconstruc-
tion. !
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Appropriations, reported a bill
(H. R., No. 601) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30, !
1869; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
made the special order for the 18th of Febru-
ary, after the morning hour, and from day to ,
day thereafter until disposed of. ;
Mr. SCOFJELD and Mr. HOLMAN re- j
served the point of order as to any improper
appropriations.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
same committee, also reported a bill (H. It.
No. 602) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1869, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN reserved the point of order as
to any improper appropriations.
SOLDIERS OF THE WAR OF 1812
Mr. LOAN, from the Committee on Revo- ;
lutionary Pensions and of the War of 1812, by
unanimous consent, reported a bill (H. R. No. j
003) granting pensions to soldiers and sailors j
of the war of 1812 ; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the committee.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
! moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTE IN MISSOURI.
Mr. NEWCOMB, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. It. No. 604) establishing
a post route from Itolla, Missouri, to Jeffer-
son City, Missouri; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
ELECTION CONTEST SMITH. VS. BROWN.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the report of the Committee of Elections,
upon which Mr. Chakler was entitled to the
floor, but yielded to
Mr. KERR, who said: Mr. Speaker, I pre-
sented a minority report from the Committee
of Elections the other day and gave notice
that at the proper time I would introduce cer-
tain resolutions as a substitute for those adopted
by the majority. I now offer the following res-
olutions:
Resolved, That Samuel E. Smith, not having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast for Representa-
tive in this House from the second congressional
district of Kentucky, is not entitled to a seat therein
as such Representative.
Resolved, That John Young Brown, not having
voluntarily given aid, counicnance, counsel, or en-
couragement to persons engaged in armed hostility
to the United States, and having received a majority
of the votes cast in the second district of Kentucky
for Representative in this House, is entitled to ad-
mission, and to taketheoath of office as a Represent-
ative from said district.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
during the gentleman's absence the House by
unanimous consent resolved that the first reso-
lution only should be before it for considera-
tion. The gentleman therefore moves the sec-
ond resolution as a substitute for the first re-
ported by the majority of the committee. They
are to be acted upon separately.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York has kindly yielded to me for a moment.
The House is well aware that the Committee
of Elections has been deprived of the services
of one of its members, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Shellabarger,] on account of ill
health. It became necessary during the invest-
igation of this question to obtain the views of
that gentleman, and he has kindly furnished
those views in writing. It is due to him as
well as to the committee that they be read, and
I ask the consent of the House that these
views, so far as they relate to the case of John
Young Brown, shall be read. So far as they
relate to the claim of Mr. Smith to the seat I
will reserve them.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Chanler] yield for that pur-
pose?
Mr. CHANLER. Certainly, sir.
The Clerk then read the views of Mr. Shel-
labarger, as follows:
Home, Springfield, Ohio, December 25,1867.
To the Committee of Elections of House of Representa-
tive* :
Gentlemen : I have just received the communica-
tion of the committee, through its clerk, asking that
I should communicate to the committee my views
as to the right of Mr. Smith and also of Mr. Brown
to a seat in the House of Representatives, as shown
by tho evidence in the case now pending beforo the
committee, of Smith vs. Brown, from Kentucky.
This I proceed very cheerfully to do, regretting
tliatl am deprived of consultations with tho commit-
tee. In regard to the right of Mr. Brown to this seat
I now state briefly my vote and reasons.
I understand that Mr. Brown's right to this seat de-
pends upon the determinationof oneormoreof three
questions. First, may a law such as that prescribing
tho test-oath be constitutionally passed and enforced,
either as to any officer or as to a member of Congress?
Is Mr. Brown excluded from this seat by a jnst con-
struction of the "test-oath?" I shall, of course, not
discuss the constitutionality of the law prescribing
this oath and qualification, but assume that to be
settled as constitutional. To hold that the oath of
office required to be taken by Representatives and
otherofficera named in the sixth articlo and firstsec-
tion of tho Constitution excludes them from being
required by law to take any further obligation, is,
as seems to me, not only in violation of the express
terms of the Constitution, but is in the face of both
the reason and the practice which construes this sec-
tion. Sueh construction is asfainst the text itself of
the Constitution, because that prescribes tho thing
which shall not be required as a qualification for office,
to wit, religious tests." Now, surely, if the prescrib-
ing of one thing, which each member should be re-
quired to do and swear, was in this case meant to
exclude all other requirements, then it was not only
useless but calculated to mislead and deceive, to go
on and give one and only one qualification as the
one which Congress might not require the officer to
have. Surely the prescribing of one test as one that
may not be required as much proves that any other
tost may be established as the fixing of one test as
being required excludes others from being required.
The plain sense, therefore, of this clause is to
name one quality which, at least every member
shall have, and one which, at least, shall not be re-
quired, and to leave the other qualifications to be
regulated by the laws of the Government which tho
Constitution established. If this is not so, and if
this clauso excludes any officer named in the clause
from being required to take any further obligation,
by his oath of office, than that one named in the
Constitution, then no State ofticer named in the samo
clauso could be required to swear to support his
State constitution; and no officer, State or Federal,
could be required by law to take an oath to discharge
well the duties of his office. Plainly this clause is
not meant to exclude all other qualiliations for
Federal office as unconstitutional.
Exactly the same remarks apply to all other clauses
touching the qualification, &c., of officers and mem-
bers. None of them can be construed to prohibit
Congress from excluding from office an open and
avowed traitor to his country any more than they
can be construed to deny Congress the right to ex-
clude tho convicted felon or the insane from such
offices. Congress, then, may by law exclude traitors
from the offices of the Government, and "each
House," if not bound by such law as a law, may
and ought at least to adopt such "law " as a " rule,"
not to be departed from, as to the qualification of its
members. I therefore hold that the House would
do against its dignity, its purity, its patriotism, and
fitness to make laws an act most monstrous, if not
one absolutely fatal, did it not, with unremitting
rigor and sleepless vigilance, enforce this great act
for the exclusion of tne Government's enemies from
the control of the Government's life. And of course
this law, which should have to each House at least
the force of an inflexible " rule," should be applied
alike in cach House.
The only other question, then, is. whether Mr.
Brown can properly be admitted to take this oath
and seat?
In answering this, thoprincipal inquiry in thecase,
and the ono which I think will be of vital importance
in the future, as it is in the present, I will first of all
state what I deem the rule of exclusion from office
which this law establishes.
That the act which shall exclude the party from
being permitted to take the oath and the office need
not be treason technically, I think, cannot be fairly
questioned. Thelaw was passed wi th the utmost fauii I-
iarity on the part of every member making it with
tho technical terms in which the Constitution defined
treason. They adopted these constitutional words
in this " test-oath," and then added to them the other
words, "countenance," "encouragement," "coun-
sel," <fec. Plainly, then, other acts against the Gov-
ernment than treason proper were meant to exclude
from the Government's offices. To find what is to bo
the safe, wise, and practicable rule of exclusion from
office under this important law, to have it adopted
by both Houses of Congress and by all departments
of the Government, and to make it of perpetual force,
is the thing of incalculable importance in the present
case—a case probably to become a precedent for all
the future.
I shall attempt no more than to state my view of
what that rule of exclusion ought to be, and I state
it thus:
Whenever the person demanding the office shall
appear by proper evidence to have been guilty of an
act or speech which was of such a character and was
done or uttered under such circumstances as to tend
to forward the cause of rebellion against the United
States, and as to fairly show that the author of such
actor speech meant that it should so aid or coun-
tenance the rebellion, then he should not be permit-
ted to assumo such office. And so far as this rule
involves matters of "tendency," " presumption," or
of "intent/' these are to be determined from the
nature of the act proved, and this upon the princi-
ples of the common law.
Any practicable rule of exclusion interpreting and
enforcing the exclusions declared by this important
act of Congress must base such exclusion from office
upon acts capable of proof and not upon mere "sen-
timents," "purposes," or other mental conditions of
the person demanding the office. The rule I state
has these elements, to wit:
1. The exclusion must be rested upon overt acts or
speech.
2. The nature and surrounding circumstance of the
act must be such as- to fairly show that its author de-
signed to aid the rebellion, and that his act tended
to forward the rebellion.
I think it impossible to adopt any interpretation
of this act of Congress which will exclude from office
any one whose guilt comes short of actual treason
and whioh is more favorable to the disloyal than the
above rule. I sincerely hope the House will not
render ineffectual this important law by admitting
into its own body the very authors of this recent and
immense crime against the nation's life, whoso guilt,
though not technical treason, was that it planned,
urged on, and to its fearful end stimulated in its
work of murder that treason. How strange that tho
great Legislature of this injured nation should bo
expected or invited to admit to tho making of it«
laws those who so recently contrived the nation's
