900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
destruction and who profess no regrets except for
the loss of "the lost cause."
Does any act established by the proofs in this case
of Mr. Brown bring him within the rule I state? I
shall not allude to any other acts shown by the evi-
dence than the ones established by the following let-
ter, which most clearly excludes its author from the
Beat he demands:
Elizabethtown, April 18,1861.
Editor Louisville Courier :
My attention has been called to the following par-
agraph, which appeared in your paper of this date:
"John Young Brown's Position. This gentleman,
in reply to some searching interrogatories put to him
by Governor Helm, said, in reference to the call ot
the President for four regiments of volunteers to
march against the South: 'I would not send one
solitary man to aid that Government, and those who
volunteer should be shot down in their tracks.
This ambiguous report of my remarks has, 1 find,
been misunderstood by some who have read it, who
construe my language to apply to the government
of the confederate States. What I did say was this:
" Not one man or one dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against the
South. If this northern army shall attempt to cross
our borders we will resist it unto the death, and if
one man shall be found in our Commonwealth to
volunteer to join them, ho ought, and I believe will
be, shot down before he leaves the State."
This was not said in reply to any question pro-
pounded by ex-Governor Helm, as you have stated,
and is no more than I frequently uttered publicly
and privately prior to my debate with him.
Respectfully, JOHN YOUNG BROWN.
Noticethe bad qualities of this act: _ >
1. The evideneeshows that when itwas written the
United States was striving for troops in Kentucky
to aid in the rescue of the national existence, and ,
that the rebel government was then also recruiting |
for its army in Kentucky.
2. It was written to show that the author was mis-
understood " when he was understood to apply the
language that those who "volunteered should be shot
down in their tracks" to the recruits for the "con-
federate government." He did not mean that any
of them should be shot.
3. It was written to show that what he did say and
hope was that "if any man should be found in our
Commonwealth to volunteer to join" Lincoln's army
"he ought to be, and he believed would be, shot down
before he left the State."
4. It boasts that he had "frequently uttered pub-
licly " and privately these detestable and traitorous
speeches.
5. It shows that its author was so intent upon hav-
ing every Lincoln soldier "shot" and in having it
known that he would not shoot any recruit for the
army of the "government of the confederate States"
that he is not content with "frequently " uttering
this speech "publicly," but scatters through a rebel
journal his treasonous exhortations to all the people
of Kentucky and of the entire nation.
6. I know of no evidence that this infamous act, or
rather series of acts and speeches, were ever regret-
ted or disavowed by their author.
7. And these acts and speeches were done and said
not only by one who was in fact a recognized leader
of the public mind in Kentucky and a member of
the preceding Congress, but by one whose speeches
were uttered avowedly for the purpose of leading
and controlling thatmind, and wno aid greatly con-
trol it.
These acts may not have been technical treason.
A court andjury which would so find might possibly
not be corrupt; but if not treason they and those of
similar speakers were acts at that time of far more
aid to the rebellion than all the rebel guns then in
Kentucky.
These acts are apologized for by saying that they
were only parts of the then neutrality of Kentucky,
and were, like the acts of Mr. Crittenden and Speed
and others, done in support of that neutrality 1 If
Mr. Crittenden and Speed did such acta pf neutrality
as this, then it is all the worse for Mr. Crittenden and
Speed; and heaven preserve our country from such.
It was a kind of neutrality which disclosed its impar-
tiality by shooting down the United States soldiers,
and in sparing every recruit for the "confederate
government 1"
It was a neutrality whose virtue was in inciting all
the people of a great State to acts, not merely of war
and treason, against the United States, but to acts
of private assassination and of murder, in defiance
of the laws of war, and which would disgrace and
shock the savage. I doubt whether these public
speeches, boasted to have been " frequently" made
in "public," fall short of technical ^treason. They
were "acts —they were "overt," ("public")—they
were by one whose mind is shown by his speeches to
have been probably leagued in "common design"
with those who were then levying war in Kentucky
against the United States, and whose speeches must
have been, from their character, meant and were cal-
culated to prevent recruiting in the Union Army and
to encourage and secure rebel enlistments, which the
proofs show were then and there also going on. These
were, in fact, recruiting speeches for the rebel army
and anti-recruiting ones for the Union Army. And
I doubt whether this is not treason, and a treason
asserting itself by inculcating such private assassina-
tions of the reoruits of the United States as would by
public law have subjected their author to have been
shot as not only the enemy of his country, but of his
race. The disclosures of human tribunals can never
show how many of those patriots of Kentucky who
started to the rescue of their imperiled country, and
who were " shot down before they left the State" by
the guerrilla and by the private assassin, were so
■murdered becSuse John Young Brown had "fre-
quently," " in public and private, ' exhorted the peo- |
pie that they "ought to be so shot." But, whether !
any wore so murdered by the direct procurement ot
John Young Brown or not, he frequently and
" publicly," in a time of war against the United
States, and at a place where the United^ States were
procuring such recruits, urged and incited to such
murder; and upon the principle of common law and
common sense, which holds that every man meant
to do what his acts were fairly adapted to produce,
John Young Brown is guilty of the murder of those
who, under his advice, were "shot down before they
left the State." _ „
I deem the acts proved upon John Young Brown
both treason and barbarism, and on the question
whether he shall be permitted to swear that he has
never given aid or countenance to the rebellion and
to take a seat in the American Congress I desire to
be recorded in the journals of the committee as vot-
ing—No.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, I look upon
this question as purely a local question in its
bearing, relating to the condition of society in
Kentucky and the influence which certain lead-
ing minds in Kentucky had upon public opin-
ion. It is a matter of opinion, a matter of
sentiment, and should be treated as such, and
should be presented to this House by those who
were present in Kentucky and were aware of
the condition of things there, not only at the
time of the recent election of Mr. John Young
Brown, but who were present and knew the
state of sentiment in Kentucky under the influ-
ence of Mr. Crittenden. I do not pretend, sir,
to fathom the depths of human motives, as has
been done here to-da$r, and exercising the arts
and powers of imagination to brand a Repre-
sentative of the people for acting upon the
same motives which made Mr. Crittenden the
hero of a compromise which has fixed his
name in history as the leading mind on this
floor at the opening of the rebellion. I say,
sir, I do not brand the representative of these
sentiments, the youth of the next generation
to Crittenden, who is sent here by the constitu-
ency of Crittenden to represent the people of
Kentucky, nor will anything fall from me which
will tend to hamper the opinion of the House by
personal expressions of opinion. I prefer to
yield the floor to a Representative from Ken-
tucky, who knows what he shall say here to be
true; who will exercise no arts or powers of
imagination to delude this House or the coun-
try ; who, in speaking here, speaks as the repre-
sentative of fixed principles in his section of
the country, and who is entitled to his honest
opinions and free discussion on this floor.
Without, therefore, entering into the debate, I
yield the floor to the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] and, owing to the lateness of the
hour, I will ask the House, when he shall have
secured the floor, to consent to an adjournment,
so that he may present the case to the House
before a larger number than are present now.
Mr. BECK obtained the floor.
Mr. GRAVELY. If the gentleman from
Kentucky will yield to me I will move an
adjournment.
Mr. BECK. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to ask the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions how far this debate is probably to run ?
I will state that it is the desire of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations to go into the consider-
ation of the appropriation bills next week, on
Monday, and 1 hope there will be such an
understanding that this case may be brought
to a close before that time. I will say further
that the Committee on Appropriations have
been very much delayed in the preparation of
the appropriation bills by the reason that they
have given to them a great deal of labor, and
they are a long way behind. It is necessary
for the House to take action upon them at an
early period if we expect to bring this session
to a close by the middle of the summer.
Mr. DAWES. I will say, in reply to the
gentleman from Illinois, that there is a very
large amount of business before the Commit-
tee of Elections, and they are desirous of press-
ing these questions just as far as the patience
of the House will permit.
Therefore I say that the committee will go
along with these cases as far as the House will
go with them. We will proceed with the dis-
cussion to-morrow, or we will leave to-morrow
for general debate, as the House may desire.
I have myself no desire but to press these
cases as far as the rights of parties will permit
and justify.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
if this case does not present a question differ-
ent from any question that has been presented
by any other contested-election case? Is not
this one of the most momentous questions that
has ever been presented to a Congress of this
country? Ought it not to have accorded to it
a discussion commensurate with the import-
ance of the question itself? I would also ask
the gentleman whether we ought under any
circumstances to follow the suggestion of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washbuune,]
and force the House to vote upon this import-
ant question under the operation of the pre-
vious question?
Mr. DAWES. I regret that the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] did not hear
the remarks with which I commenced the dis-
cussion to-day, in which I endeavored to im-
press upon the House the great importance of
the question involved in this case.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from
Massachusetts is always so impressive in his
remarks that I thought it was only the ordinary
expression of his views.
Mr. DAWES. I regret to differ with the
gentleman from Wisconsin. I felt exceedingly
impressed with the importance of this case
when I commenced my remarks this morning,
and desired that the House should address
itself seriously to its consideration. I ventured
to state that there was no precedent for this
case, and that it demanded the serious consid-
eration of this House, and that I trusted it
would receive it.
Having said that, I leave it with the House,
merely adding that so far as I am concerned
and the debate is legitimate, I do not intend
to cut off any one from a fair and proper ex-
pression of his views upon this case, which will
establish a precedent, for it is unlike any other
that ever came before Congress. Indeed, in
my opinion, the principle involved in this case
lies at the foundation of the perpetuity of our
institutions.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I regret very much that
I did not pay attention to the remarks of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. I can only
say, by way of apology for myself, that he spoke
with his ordinarily impressive tone of voice,
and I thought it was one of those cases, in his
opinion, which he brings before the House
whenever he has that sort of feeling; that it
was one of those cases which always impress
the gentleman from Massachusetts with their
importance. If I had supposed that his tone of
voice and his serious manner indicated so im-
portant a subject as I think is involved in this
case I certainly should have listened to him
with more attention.
Mr. DAWES. I am sorry the importance
of the case has occurred to my friend from
Wisconsin at so late a day.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. All I have to say in ex-
cuse for myself is, that the gentleman is always
so impressive, always so interesting, that I sup-
posed it was only an ordinary case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If this mat-
ter be so important as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] claim that it
is I think we should go on and discuss it and
give our attention to it now. It is too early
for the House to adjourn. Let the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] proceed with his
remarks; let the House meet to-morrow and
devote that day to the consideration of this
case. For myself, representing as I do to some
extent the Committee on Appropriations, I
shall on Monday, by instruction of that com-
mittee, attempt to get up one of the appropria-
tion bills.
Mr. BECK. I have no objection to going on
now. I yielded to a motion to adjourn at the
request of others.
