1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
among the powers granted is unconstitutional !|
and void, i'o state it even more simply and :
avoid the word unconstitutional, which seems
to grate harshly on the ears of members when
applied to their favorite measures, this House,
sitting as a court of justice to determine the
right of a Representative to his seat, finds two
laws bearing upon the question—one in the
Constitution and the other in an act of Con-
gress. They conflict; the Constitution saying
l e shall be entitled to his seat, if he has the
qualifications therein set forth : the other say-
ing he shall not unless he has other qualifica-
tions. Shall the Constitution yield to the act
of Congress, and its provisions be modified to
suit the act, or shall the conflicting act be dis-
regarded? Which is the highest authority ? I
suppose no man in this House, if he was sit-
ting as a judge with Chief Justice Marshall's
opinion in Marbury vs. Madison before him,
and no party bias to swerve him, would hes-
itate for a moment in the decision that the
law of the Constitution must prevail.
But I contend that there is no power given,
even by the statute of July 2, 1862, to Congress
to examine and inquire whether a Represent-
ative can properly take the oath he proposes
to take: that is a question for him to deter-
mine. Congress cannot try him for any offense.
The time, place, and mode of trial for all the
offenses specified in that oath are clearly set
forth in the Constitution. He commits no
offense under that law till he takes the oath.
The power to expel a member, two thirds
voting therefor, is the only protection (and
that is ample) against improper persons, under
that law, holding seats in this body. While !
the right of a Representative to hold the posi- I
tion to which he has been chosen by his peo-
ple, unless two thirds of this House expel him
therefrom, is equally clear. No man will dare
to deny that each Representative comes here
npon terms of perfect equality with every other
member. If the States should all elect their
Representatives before the term for which the
election is held begins the Representatives who
first assemble and organize the House are, upon
the credentials sent to the Clerk by the proper
officers of the several States, sworn in as mem- |
bers, and none can object to the swearing in
of any others, no matter how objectionable
they may be considered; and once sworn in
they can only be expelled by a vote of two
thirds. Can the accidental fact that one or
more States hold their elections after the term
has commenced, or the fact that Congress
happens to meet earlier than usual, alter or in
anywise impair the rights of the Representa-
tives from such States, or give to their fellow-
Representatives from other States rights and
powers over them which it must be admitted
they would not have had if they had been
elected a month or a week earlier, and had
been present when the House was organized
and had presented their credentials then?
Can the mere fact that one appears on the
first day of the session entitle him to be sworn
in and hold his seat till expelled by two thirds,
while another, with precisely the same quali-
fications, and subject to precisely the same
objections as the other who appears and claims
his seat the next morning, offering to comply
with all the obligations required of the other,
shall be kept out of his place and excluded
from it altogether by the vote of a bare major-
ity? Does any sane man for a moment sup-
pose—I will not say believe— that the framers
of the Constitution contemplated any such
thing? The absurdity of such a proposition,
when applied to the great fundmental princi-
ple of State representation, is demonstrated
by the very statement of it. It is a palpable,
flagrant denial of the equal rights and privi-
leges of coequal representation, so glaring that
it is amazing that this House should have enter-
tained it for a moment. Y et that is the rule
sought to be applied to my colleague, [Mr.
Brown.]
[jut if this House overrules all these consid-
erations, and determines to deprive my col-
league and his constituents of all these rights
and privileges, and to proceed by a bare ma-
jority to say whether or not he shall hold the
position to which he has been chosen—I say
position, because since the dismissal of the
impeachment against Senator Blount, of Ten-
nessee, himself one of the signers of the Con-
stitution, by the Senate of the United States,
upon the sole ground that a member of Con-
gress was not an officer of the United States,
but one placed in this Hall by the people of his
State or district as their agent and represent-
ative, no man and no authority has ever
treated a member of Congress as an officer of
the United States, though some have caviled
at the decision of the Senate in that case—I
contend, and shall now proceed to show, that
my colleague has neither said nor done any-
thing which prevents him from properly taking
the oath prescribed. More than six months
time was given by this House to investigate
the charges brought against Mr. Brown. An
active opponent, who resided in his district and
was contesting his right to his seat with all the
zeal that love of gain and thirst for place
could inspire, was busily engaged during all
that time, and for months before, among his
friends and his enemies, white and black, in
hunting up evidence against him. The Com-
mittee of Elections were instructed by this
House to aid in the search for proof; power to
send for persons and papers was given them ;
a sub-committee of five of their number visited
Kentucky so as to make a full investigation of
the facts. Mr. Smith, the contestant, was
before them conducting the prosecution, and
yet I am sustained by both the majority and
minority reports of the committee and by the
record now in the hands of the members of
this House in the assertion that there was not
a single word or act proved against him which
even approached making out a case, except his
letter of April 18,1801, the authorship of which
he always admitted, stating always at the same
time the position he then occupied and the
motives that induced him to write it. The
whole question is, therefore, narrowed down
to the effect the writing of that letter shall be
allowed to have in determining his right to a
seat in this body.
The true intent and meaning of the expres-
sions therein contained must be ascertained
and tested by the light of all the surrounding
circumstances. The then condition of the
country, tlie legislation, State and Federal,
the attitude of parties, the position of the
political organization to which Mr. Brown
then belonged, the views of its leaders, and
his own position, acts, and expressions at and
about the time this letter was written, must all
be considered and duly weighed before the
true meaning, spirit, and intent of the paper
■ can be fully understood or properly appre-
' ciated. To do this in the short time allotted
to me is no easy task, and I will have to group
together the more prominent facts, relying upon
the knowledge of members to fill up the
minuter details.
The letter is as follows:
Elizabethtown, April 18, 1861.
Editor Louisville Courier:
Mv attention has been called to the following para-
graph, which appeared in your paper of this (late :
"John Youxg Beowj's Position.—This gentle-
man, in reply to some searching interrogatories put
to him by Governor Helm, said, in reference to the
eall of the President for four regiments of volunteers
to march against the South—■
'"I would not send one solitary man to aid that
Government, and those who volunteer should bo
shot down in their tracks.'"
This ambiguous report of my remarks has, I find,
been misunderstood by some who have read it, who
construe my language to apply to the government of
the confederate States! What I did say was this:
"Not one man or one dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lineoln to aid him in his unholy war against the
South. If this northern army shall attempt to cross
our borders we will resist it unto the death; and if one
man shall be found in our Commonwealth to volun-
teer to join them, he ought to,and I believe will be,
shnj, down before he leaves the Stnrte."
This was not said in reply to any question pro-
pounded by ex-Governor Helm, as you have stated,
and is no more than I frequently uttered publicly and
privately prior to my debate with him.
Respectfully, JOHN YOUNG BROWN.
The first inquiry is, Whp was Mr. Brown,
and what were his politics at the time this
letter was written ?
" Hon. Robert Mallory sworn and examined.
" To Mr. lirown:
" I live in Lagrange, Kentucky. I have known Mr.
Brown a good many years; my intimate acquaint-
ance with him commenced during the last Congress
of Mr. Buchanan's administration, when we were
colleagues together in the House of Representatives;
Mr. Brown was elected to that Congress before ho
was twenty-five years old, and he did not take his
seat until the second session, by which time he had
attained his twenty-fifth year. In all our inter-
course, during that session, when the question of
secession was so much mooted, he was unequivocally
opposed to it, and took issue with some of his col-
leagues in Congress at that time, as I did. He was,
with me, a Union man, against the secession of tho
southern States, and a total disbeliever—as he said
to me on many occasions—in the doctrine of seces-
sion as a constitutional right.
"Question. Please to state my political status in tho
spring and summer of 18G1?
"Answer. I recollect having frequent conversations
with Mr. Brown in the spring and summer of 1861, in
Kentucky, when that question was rife here, lie was
a Union man tlion. I remember a speech he made in
Louisville in May, 1801, at the convention, when Mr.
Guthrie made what I thought to be a rather wild
and rabid speech, of which, I may say, I did not ap-
prove. Mr. Brown avowed himself a Union man
then, and opposed secession.
"Question. Did not the Louisville Democrat and the
Louisville Journal, after the 18th of May, 1861, in-
dorse me as the Union candidate for Congress in the
fifth congressional district of Kentucky ?
"Answer. Yes; my recollection is very clear that
they did. A convention was held, and Mr. Wickliffe
was nominated."
John R. Reno, a witness for the prosecu-
tion, said:
"To Mr. Brown:
" If I can recollect properly your speech at Green-
ville, your remark was, that at that time you were a
Union candidate, and that Governor Helm was then
advocating the cause of secession, and that you had
written this letter under those circumstances.
"Question. Did lor not make reference to tho posi-
tion of the Union party of Kentucky, as evidenced
by its party platform and tho resolution of the two
State conventions, and quote the position of Senator
Gbtbrie, Attorney Genoral Speed, General Rous-
seau, Senator Davis, and cite extracts from tho Louis-
ville Democrat and Louisville Journal, going to show
that the whole State was committed to the doctrine
of neutrality, and that my position was in strict
accord with that of the whole Union party in Ken-
tuoky?
"Answer. You made reference to those convening
and stated that those men approved of your action
at that time. That was my understanding. You
made it appear from your gpeech that those men
approved of your position."
Finis H. Little, another witness for the
prosecution says:
"By Mr. Brown;
"Question. Did I not in that speech cite the posi-
tion of Mr. Prentice of the Louisvillo Journal, Mr.
Harney of the Louisvillo Democrat, Mr. Guthrie,
United States Senator, General Rousseau, late Uni-
ted States Congressman, and Mr. Speed, Attorney
General in Lincoln's Cabinet, and cite the address or
the Union Central Committee to show that the sen-
timents expressed in my letter were the same as
those held by the entire Union party of Kentucky?
"Answer. Yes. .
"Question. Did I not state that at tho time I wrote
tho letter I was a Union man ?
"Answer. Yes,
"Question. Did I not state that at the time I wrote
the letter, and at any time during tho war, I would
have been willing to give my life to restore tho coun-
try to what it once was ?
"Answer. I think you did.
"By Mr. Smith;
"Question. Was or was not Mr. Brown 3 attention
called to the fact that Mr. Speed, Mr. Gbthkik, Mr.
Prentice, and the other gentlemen to whom he re-
ferred, had retracted tlieir remarks of 1361, while he
declined doing so?
"Ansioer. I think there was something ot that sort
said in your speech.
"By Mr. Brown _
"Question. Did Inot state that at the time I wrote
the letter Kentucky was by the resolutions of her
Union convention committed to the doctrine of neu-
trality, and that in the expression that volunteers
should be shot down I referred strictly and only to
those who would violate Kentucky's neutrality?
"Answer. I think you said that it was with that
idea in view you wrote the letter."
Colonel W. R. Kinney, an officer in the Fed-
eral Army during the war, proved that Brown
was an assistant elector on the Douglas _ ticket
and opposed to secession. Colonel Philip Lee,
a confederate officer, says that in 18t>l Brown
was so much opposed to the southern men and
their movements that they determined to bring
out a candidate of their own against him, as
he was so much opposed to their views of mat-
ters that they could not vote for hiro. He
contended that it was a duty th.e young men of
