906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
Every man in the country who had the sense
of a mouse knew that if the policy of the Ad-
ministration was peace and restoration through
the proposed or any other amendments to the
Constitution, the course marked out by the
proclamation effectually destroyed the last ves-
tige of hope for its consummation. If the
policy was to be war the President had no
right to make it without the authority of Con-
gress, and the means resorted to in that proc-
lamation were too puerile to command the
respect of any sensible man.
Mr. Brown understood and fully appreci-
ated the situation. He was, as the proof shows,
canvassing the State in behalf of the Union
cause against Governor Helm, who was on the
extreme southern side. While so canvassing,
an article appeared in the Louisville Courier,
Governor Helm's organ, or rather the organ
of his party, charging, in substance, that
Brown's neutrality was a fraud, and that all
he was pledged to was, that not a man should
aid the confederate government, and those who
volunteered should be shot down. This, it was
said, was dragged out of him in reply to some
searching interrogatories put to him by Gov-
ernor H,elm. The publication was obviously
made by some one who, like Colonel Lee, was
secretly enlisting young men to .go South, and
was intended to make them believe thet Brown
and his party were going to take possession of
Kentucky with a Federal army, &c.; that once
done, their chances to go South or aid that
cause would be at an end. Can any gentle-
man imagine any other reason for such a pub-
lication in the Courier ? There could be no
other. That was beyond question the true one.
Brown knew the natural impulse of the
young men of the State was to take part with
the South, especially after the proclamation
of April 15, which the Governor of Kentucky
said, in his reply to the call, and everybody
else knew, meant war and subjugation; and he
knew that such a publication as that in a lead-
ing, influential paper like the Courier would
confirm the belief that the whole Union party,
and Mr. Lincoln at their head, were, in fact,
bent on a war of subjugation. Unless that
idea was dispelled the Union cause in Ken-
tucky was lost. _ Mr. Brown knew it, and hence
his letter denying that any statements he had
ever made could be tortured so as to bear such
a construction. The South then had no desire
or design, so far as intimated, to invade Ken-
tucky. She asked to be let alone. Mr. Lin-
coln's proclamation of the 15th, and the course
to be pursued in view of it, was the subject of
controversy. The Governor had assumed that
the troops were required for the purpose of
subjugating the southern States, and he refused
them. Mr. Brown and the Union party in-
dorsed the refusal. The Courier of April 18
charged that he did not, and that Helm had
made him admit that it was only the men who
took the part of the South that should be shot
down. The moment Brown saw it, as his let-
ter shows, knowing the object and effect of it,
he wrote the letter, stating that it was Lin-
coln's proclamation and the men who should
volunteer to disturb the peace and violate the
neutrality of Kentucky that he had said, pub-
licly and privately, should be shot. He knew
that for every one that did so volunteer another
would volunteer on the other side; brother
would be against brother and father against
son; Kentucky would be once more the dark
and bloody ground, drenched in the blood of
her own sons, slain by those nearest and dear-
est Lo them, before the strife began. Hence
the urgency for prompt action; hence the
hasty letter and, it you please, the ill-consid- j
ered language used. ■ The Courier knew the
effect Brown's explanation would have on the
young men of the State; recruiting for the i
South would cease, as many would be reas-
sured by the prompt, decided, unequivocal
denial of the charges, and refused to publish
it for nearly a month.
The whole Union party of the State was
fully alive to the importance of assuring the
people of the State that they did not indorse
| and would not sustain the proclamation of the
! President, and endeavored, as Mr. Brown did,
to prevent the men who were seeking to take
advantage of it for the purpose of sustaining
the South from doing so.
Accordingly on the 17th day of April, 1861,
the State Union central committee published
an address, in which, after setting forth the
substance of the President's proclamation,
they say:
Kentucky, through her Executive, has already,
we understand, responded to this appeal. She has
refused to comply with it. And in this refusal she
has acted as became her. We approve the response
of the Executive of the Commonwealth. One other
appeal now demands a response from Kentucky.
The Government of the Union has appealed to
her to furnish men to suppress the revolutionary
combinations in the cotton States. Sho has refused.
She has most wisely and justly refused. Seditious
leaders in the midst of us now appeal to her to fur-
nish men to uphold these combinations against the
Government of the Union. Will she comply with this
appeal? Ought she to comply with it? Wo answer
with emphasis, no! ***** *
What the future duty of Kentucky may be we,
of course, cannot with certainty foresee; but if the
enterprise announced in the proclamation of the
President should at any time hereafter assume the
aspect of a war for tho overrunning and subjugation
of the seceding States through the full assertion
therein of the national jurisdiction by a standing
military force, we do not hesitate to say *that Ken-
tucky should promptly unsheath her sword in behalf
of what will then have become the common cause.
Such an event, if it should occur, of which wo con-
fess there does not appear to us to be a rational prob-
ability, could have but one meaning—a meaning
which a people jealous of their liberty would bo keen
to detect, and which a people worthy of liberty would
be prompt and fearless to resist. When Kentucky
detects this meaning in the action of the Government
sho ought, without, counting the cost, to'take up arms
at once against the Government. Until she does
d-tect this meaning she ought to hold herself inde-
pendent of both sides, and compel both sides to re-
spect the inviolability of her soil. The portentous'
meaning in question is not discernible at this time,
and we believeitneverwillbecomediscernible. We,
however, have deemed it fit, in consideration of all
the extraordinary features of the time, to anticipate
this possibe contingency.
JOIIN H. HARNEY,
GEO. D. PRENTICE,
CHARLES RIPLEY,
PHILIP TOMPPERT.
NAT. WOLFE,
WM. F. BULLOCK,
JAMES SPEED,
WM. P. BOONE,
HAMILTON POPE,
L, E. HARVIE.
The loyalty of these gentlemen will not, I pre-
sume, be questioned here or elsewhere. One
of them was Mr. Lincoln's Attorney General.
Two of the others were editors of the leading
Union papers in Kentucky, and the others
were equally true to the cause of the Union.
Still further, to allay public apprehension,
and prevent the neutrality of the State from
being interfered with, a mass meeting was
called to meet at Louisville, on the 18th of
April. It was held, and my colleague took a
prominent part in it. The Democrat of the
19th, thus notices it:
Qreat meetina—Kentucky to stand neutral in the Union
Hands o§ on both sides—Five thousand Union men
—Moauent speeches by Hon. James Guthrie, eoc-Sen-
aJ.or. -Dixon > Hon. John, Young ftrown, and Judge
Bullock—-Resolutions worthy of Kentucky.
" One of the grandest and largest public meetings
ever held in Louisville filled tho great east hall of
the court house last night, in response to a cai: for a
sober expression as to the proper position for Ken-
tucky to assume in the present crisis. It was a
splendid meeting, both as regards numbers and ma-
terial. It was a closely attentive and understanding
assemblage, of the best intelligence of tho city, and
its efieet must be wide and wholesome. If the war-
ring sections will but respect Kentucky's position
and her advice, all may yet be well, civil war averted,
and peace restored. AY e were more than gratified
with the meeting and its works. The stars and
stripes were on both sides of the speaker's stand, and
were frequently cheered as allusions to the national
banner were made."
Hon. James Guthrie addressed the meet-
ing. He said:
Now, in the action of tho southern confederacy
and that of Mr. Lincoln the friends of both parties
find excuses tor theni; but when it was the peace of
the country and t he saving it from war and bloodied,
then there should have been no interference of eti-
quette to prevent such a dreadful calamity. Ken-
tucky spoke as lierstatesmen have always spoken, of
conciliation, peace, harmony, and a final settlement*
But war has been inaugurated. Fort Sumter has
fallen, lhe President has issued a proclamation call-
ing for seventy:five, thousand men; but he has not
told us what heis gouigto do with them. Ishe going
to retake 1 ort Sumter? Is he going to defend Fort
Pickens? If so, why does he congregate them at
! Washington?" *******
"I want Kentucky to take her stand for peace, and
appeal to that still, small voice in the North crying
for peace. There are religious men from habit, edu-
cation, and from profession, whose hearts, when Ken-
tucky calls for peace, will be reached, and whose
voice will reach the powers that be, and we will have
pence." ^ ^ ^
" We have asked the South to stay their hands, for
we had a great stake in this Government, and they
havenot. Wo pled with Lincoln for peace, andhavo
not been hearkened to. Shall we be hearkened to in
the din of arms? There will be a tune when Ken-
tucky's voice, if she stands firm on lier own soil, light-
ing with neither section, will be heard by millions of
people of the free States who will hearken to us and
say, ' Why should there bo strife between us and you?'
" Let us stand boldly and fearlessly, as is charac-
teristic of Kcntuckians, and ery peace! Hold fast to
that we know to be gootl, and let those men who want
to make tho experiment of secession go as individual
amateurs, and find congenial spirits for their work."
"If the North eomes to ravage our land we will
meet them as Kentuckians always meet their foes.
Wo will meet them as Kentuckians should meet them,
so long as there is a tree for a fortification or a foot
of land for a freeman to stand upon."
The eloquent speech of Governor Dixon is
printed with the report of the committee. I
refer the House to it:
"Judge Nicholas made a beautiful, eloquent, and
patriotic speech, which was greatly applauded, and
closed by offering a scries of resolutions, the last of
which, as follows, was adopted, the balance being
withdrawn:
" Resolved, That wohail in Major Robert Anderson
the gallant defender of Fort Sumter, against over-
whelming odds, a worthy Kentuckian, the worthyson
of a patriot sire, who has given so heroic an examplo
of what ought always to be the conduct of a patriot
soldier in the presence of the armed assailants of his
country's flag: that he, his officers, and men have
well earned the admiration and gratitude of the
nation.
"Judge Bullock was generally called for, and re-
sponded in a clear, forcible, and logical speech, indors-
ing the spirit of the preamble and resolutions adopted,
and urging Kentucky to pursue the course laid down
in them as the safest, wisest, and most noble for tho
first born of the Union. His speech was characterized
by that eloquence of diction so well known as an
attribute of Judge Bullock's oratorical efforts. He
was frequently interrupted in the course of his re-
marks by cheers and applause.
"Hon. John Young Brown followed in a speech
unsurpassed in power and brilliancy. The gifted
young orator rehearsed the history of the last Con-
gress, the efforts for compromise, the surrender by the
Republicans of the fundamental idea of the Chicago
platform, the positive non-extension of slavery in the
formation of the new territories.
" He held his audience spell-bound, as it were, for
more than an hour, as he poured out burning words
of indignation upon those who have brought the coun-
try into its present unfortunate condition ordepicted
the horrors of civil war. He earnestly urged the neu-
trality of Kentucky in the present crisis, as the best
and most practicable position for Kentucky to main-
tain her integrity in the Union and to mediate be-
tween the antagonistic section?.
t "The meeting, which was entirely orderly, ad-
journed after giving rounds of cheers for the Union
ana for the American flag.
"The lateness of the hour prevents us from giving
more than a report of two of the speeches."
At this meeting—
"Hon. Nat. Wolfe moved the appointment of a
committee on resolutions, and the following gentle-
men were accordingly appointed to draft resolutions
expressive of the sentiments and sense of the meet-
ing: Nat. Wolfe, Lovel Rousseau, James Speed, G. A.
Houghton. J. H. Harney, and Judge Bullock.
Hon. Nat. Wolfe, from the committee on resolu-
tions, reported the following preamble and resolu-
tions, which were adopted with hardly a dissenting
voice: * *#** * * #
. " 4. That secession is a remedy for no evils, real or
imaginary, but an aggravation and complication of
existins difficulties.
" 5. That the memories of the past, the interests of
the present, and the solemn convictions of the future
duty and usefulness in the hope of mediation pre-
vent Kentucky from taking part with the seceding
States against tho General Government.
. That 'tho presentduty of Kentucky is tomain-
tam her present independent position, taking sides
not wUh the Administration nor with the seceding
states, but with the Union against thorn both, declar-
ing her soil to bo sacred from the hostile tread of
cither, and, if ncop*sary. to make tho declaration
good with her strong i i.-lit arm.'
7. That to the end Kentucky may be fully pre-
pared for any contingency, 'we would have her arm
Swft at. th,U- oarliust M^ticable
ment by regular legal action.
V}&t 'J? l0'ik t(> ''he men of the Ken-
I might go on to show thafe the address of the
border State convention to the people of,the
United States on the 3d day of June, 18'il,
signed by Hon. John J. Crittenden, ■Governor
