908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
real plwsure to know that it is the general wish of
the people of his distiiet aud of the State that he
shon'd make the_ o amass. One of the most able
del\i;er> in the State and >d" matchless eloquence,
it proper he should tie the standard-bearer in
this hour of peril. We all fetjUuid know that in his
hands the distiict's ami the >tfite's interests will he
safely guarded. We suppose from the universal sen-
timent 111 his tavor that lie will be chosen by accla-
mation."
Will this House assume that all the men and
all the parties in Kentucky were fools in April,
1801 ; that the Union men and the Union press
who heard all his speeches and indorsed his
course (tor mark you, the letter says that he
had publicly taken that position) were such
idiots as not to see that Brown was promising
"impunity to those who would support the
rebel cause, and was threatening death to those
who espoused the cause of the Union;-' that
he was animated by a deadly hostility to the
Union, and was threatening assassination to
all who should go to its support, and at the
same time all the rebels, as Colonel Lee testi-
fies, who heard his speeches, were so much
opposed to him because of his determined
opposition to them that they could not support
htm; that he was urging the young men not
to go into the southern army, but to stay at
home and aid Kentucky in her efforts to "be a
peace-maker between the warring sections?
The proposition will not bear discussion. The
men of Kentucky then knew far better than
any committee of strangers, looking at it seven
years afterward, when the whole situation was
so changed that hardly the land marks re-
mained, could possibly do what Mr. Brown's
position, conduct, and motives were. Their evi-
dence is before the House, and I hope will con-
trol ita action. !
Why, sir, if he had meant what the com- :
mittee assume and been actuated by the mo- !
tives they attribute to him, would he, would
any sane man, on the same day and in the
same city in which the Louisville Courier, a
paper opposed to him and his politics, was pub-
lished, have furnished that paper a letter which
he had every reason to believe would appear
simultaneously with the report of his speech,
contradicting and repudiating every sentiment
contained in the speech he made that day to
five thousand Union men—to have the plaud-
its of the day before turned into curses and
denunciation the next morning? No man can
believe it. It is at variance with all the rules
governing the conduct of men, at war with all !
Mr. Brown's declarations as to his motives and
in utter violation of every man's idea of com- ;
mon sense.
Sir, truth is always consistent with itself.
When it is on your side every link in the
chain of evidence will be in accord with every
other and produce ar harmonious whole. It is
just the reverse with error; discord prevails,
and the escape from one dilemma only pre-
cipitates you upon another.
My theory ot' Mr. Brown's position and his
motives, his object in writing the letter in con- 1
troversy, is in perfect harmony with his general
course, as proved by Mr. Mallory, in 1860 and
1861 ; with his canvass as the advocate of the
Union against Governor Helm, the secession
candidate; with the views entertained and
acted on by the secessionists, as proved by 1
Colonel Lee; with his Louisville speech made I
on the day he wrote the letter; with the full
indorsement of him by the Union party and
its press before, at, and after that time in every
variety of form, while the theory of the majority
of the committee is at war not only with every
presumption but with every fact proved in the
case. It will be remembered that by agreement
ail the acts and statements of the public men !
and of the press at the time were to be consid- ;
ered, and are as much a part of the record i
of this case as if specially incorporated into
it. Something is sought to be made out of his :
sympathy with the South afterward. For his 1
sympathies he is answerable only to his God. J
Obeying all the laws, notwithstanding his sym-
pathies, only proves him the better man and
the better citizen.
The attempt of the majority of the commit-
1 tee to intimate that Mr. Brown's speech at the
I mass-meeting on the 18th of April may, for
aught that appears, have been a disloyal speech,
and the intimation that its non-publication is
suspicious, only proves that "drowning men
will catch at straws." The Democrat of the
10th says that the lateness of the hour pre-
vented the publication of any of the speeches
in full except Mr. Guthrie's and Governor
Dixon's: and the men who were at the meet-
ing and the Union press that reported the pro-
ceedings indorsed Mr. Brown's position as fully
as those taken by any other gentleman. Mr.
Mallory swears that he heard it, and that Mr.
Brown avowed himself a Union man then and
opposed secession. That, I think, ought to
have been satisfactory to any committee seven
years afterward.
Again, the committee think his card an-
nouncing himself as a candidate on the 13th
of May is not as distinct as it ought to have
been, or if it means anything it means that he
was on the rebel side. Both the Journal and
Democrat thought otherwise, and he did not
send it to the Courier. They had certainly
more perfect means of obtaining correct in-
formation than this committee, who, as the
evidence shows, did not have a single witness
before them on either side who did not swear
that in April, 1861, Brown was considered by
all parties as a Union man. That fact is un-
contradicted, and was never doubted till the
majority of the committee thought they dis-
i covered, since the meeting of this Congress in
1 December, that the fact was otherwise.
But my time is short and I will not weary
the House by further elaboration. I believe I
; have maintained all the propositions I asserted
—that Mr. Brown was in April, 1861, a Union
man in good faith, and in full accord with the
Union party in Kentucky, their most eloquent
and ardent advocate; that his party in the
Legislature, in convention, in their public
addresses, and by_ their speeches, maintained
and urged neutrality and resistance to either
side that should attempt to violate it; that the
expressions of the leading Union men at that
time were as objectionable as anything Mr.
Brown ever uttered; that the letter of April
18, 1861, when properly considered in view of
the facts proved, especially when his explana-
tion of his motives, views, and position at the '
time he wrote it are considered, as they must j
be, as part of the fact itself, meant nothing J
more, and was neither intended nor understood
to mean anything more, than the determination
of the writer, in common with the whole Union
party, to maintain an honest neutrality on both
sides.
In view of all the facts, I am wholly unable
to see a shadow of a pretext on which to ex-
clude him from his seat. As I said before,
bad precedents often become fixed principles.
The majority to-day may be the minority to-
morrow. The poisoned chalice may return to
their own lips. I know it makes a great dif-
ference before some tribunals whose ox is
gored, but I would like to hear gentlemen on
the other side, who, without hesitation, divis-
ion, or reference to a committee, admitted Mr.
Stokes, of Tennessee, to his seat a few weeks
ago, with his letter before them, acknowledged
to be genuine, give some good reason for his
admission and for the exclusion of Mr. Brown
on his. Read them both and let any man
assert, if he can, before the country and the
world that Mr. Stokes's letter is not in every
regard more disloyal than that of Mr. Brown.
It reads thus:
Liberty, May 10, 1861.
Dear Sir: 1 have just learned from a friend that
there is some gross misrepresentations going the
rounds of your section in regard to my position in
tiiis trying crisis, and for the benefit of yourself and
others I write this,
I have been a zealous advocate of the Union up to
the timo of Lincoln's call for seventy-five thousand
troops; that being in violation of law, and for the
subjugation of the South. I commend Governor
Harris for his course, and for arming the State and
resisting Lincoln to the point of the bayonet, and
have enrolled my name as a volunteer to resist his
usurpation. X have, in Congress and out, opposed
coercion and all forced meatmres, believing that it
wna better to recognize the independence of the
"southern confederacy" than to attempt to coerce
; them back.
i I have always opposed secession, but claim the
right of revolution, and the right to resist the op-
pression of tho Federal Government, and to throw
oil' their allegianec to the same when that oppression
becomes intolerable. That time litis now come. I
have been, and am now, for standing by the bonier
slavo States, for they are to be the great suil'erora
during tho conflict. I am opposed to being tacked
on to tho southern confederacy at present, (except as
a military league.) 15ut when peace is restored, if
tho two nations cannot live in peace, let all the fif-
teen slave States elect delegates, meet.in convention,
frame their constitution, and submit it to the people
for their ratification.
I'heSouthoughtto be a unit during tho war, by all
means. X had announced myself as a candidate for
reelection, but on seeiug Ijincoln's proclamation for
troops abandoned tho canvass at once, and X am no
candidato. 1 claim to liavo done my duty in trying
to heal OUF difficulties and restore poace. That hav-
ing failed X shall now march forward in the discharge
of my duty in resisting Lincoln, regardless of false
charges, or what not, by those who are trying to put
me down. lime will tell where we all stand, and
who have been faithful.
Hoping to hoar from yon soon, I remain, yours
truly, WILLIAM li. SIOKES.
Mr. John Duncan, McMinnvitle.
1 will not comment on the contents of that
letter nor draw a comparison between it and
the letter of Mr. Brown. The man who can-
not see that it is infinitely more obnoxious to
the charge of giving countenance, aid, and
comfort to the rebellion than anything in the
letter of my colleague must shut his eyes
against light and knowledge. It was written,
too, on the 10th day of May, 1861, after the
seven- Seceded States were declared to be in a
state of insurrection, which was first done on
i the 19th of April, and after Mr. Lincoln gave
notice of the blockade, which he did on the
27th of April, and after he had issued the call
for forty-two thousand volunteers to serve in
the Army and Navy for three years, which he
did on the 3d of May. In short, it was written
after the rebellion was recognized as flagrant,
and avowed preparations for hostilities had
commenced on what was then considered a
gigantic scale, and both sides were actively
preparing for the conflict, consequently when
countenance, aid, and comfort could be given.
It was written, too, in a State where armed
organizations existed in opposition to the Gov-
ernment of the United States ; and in one of
which the writer had enrolled his name as a
volunteer to resist the usurpations of Lincoln
at the point of the bayonet. When Mr. Brown
wrote his letter on the 18th of April none of
the events I have stated had occurred. There
was no rebel organization in Kentucky, though
men were secretly arranging to leave the State
and join the South ; but there was no hostile
force in the State. He did not encourage any-
body to organize or join any such; he did not
express any intention to do so himself. There
was no order for enlistments and no call for
volunteers, therefore there could be no dis-
couragement of either. The Governor alone
could order out the militia on the call of the
President. He had refused to do so, and no
man in the State was under any obligation to
join the regular Army, or volunteer, and there
was no request by the President that he should.
There was no army, so far as appears, prepar-
ing to march into or through Kentucky ; nobody
was influenced by it to take any steps against
the Government; indeed, the reverse was its
intention and effect.
There is no comparison between the case of
Mr. Stokes and Mr. Brown, and men will
hereafter look in amazement at the fact, if it
should prove to be one, that Mr. Stokes should
be admitted and Mr. Brown rejected with these
letters in each case written under these cir-
cumstances as the sole ground of the action
of the same House. I do not make the con-
trast with a view of indicating that the House
jwri°ng in admitt'ng Mr. Stokes. I con-
^"l-i ^ a r'ght to his seat so for as
qualification is concerned, and so has his col-
league, Mr. Butler; but I use it to show that
under the decision in that case there can be no
question as to the right of Mr. Brown, if both
are to be tested by the same rule.
I know gentlemen say—indeed, it was argued
