910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
exclusive; for in the Congress of 1793 an act
was passed which added to the qualifications
required as follows:
''And, be it further enacted. That if any person shall
directly or indirectly give any sum or sums of money
or any other bribe, present, or reward, or any prom-
ise, contract, obligation, or security for the payment
or delivery of any money, present, or reward, or any
other thing to obtain or procure the opinion, judg- >
ment, or decree of any judge or judges of the United
States in any suit, controversy, matter, or cause de-
pending before him or them, and shall be thereof |
convicted, such person or persons so giving, promis- j
ingj contracting, or securing to be given, paid, or
delivered, any sum or sums of money, present, re-
ward, or other bribe as aforesaid, and the judge or
judges who shall in any wise accept or reoeivo the
same, on conviction thereof, shall be fined and im-
prisoned at the discretion of tho court; and shall
forever be disqualified to hold any office of honor,
trust, or profit under the United States."
That was the judgment of the men who
made the Constitution in 1793 when passing
upon this question. They embodied in the
solemn form of an enactment a disqualification
not named in the Constitution of the United
States.
Again, in 1853, the Congress of the United
States made another disqualifiation. In sec-
tion six, chapter eighty-one, it is provided
that if any member of Congress shall be con-
victed of accepting or receiving any reward
or promise of reward, direct or indirect, or
obligation for the delivery of money, goods, '•
or right in action to influence his conduct as a ;
member of Congress, such person so convicted j
shall forever be disqualified to hold any office
of honor, trust, or profit under the United
States.
At least twice, therefore, in the legislation
of this country, before the oath of office was
adopted in 1862, has Congress added qualifica-
tions to that named in the Constitution of the
United States.
In the case which was referred to yesterday,
not in my hearing, but which I took the pains
to look up this morning, (I refer to the case of
McCulloch vs. The State of Maryland, decided
in 1819,) that principle which limited the power
of Congress in carrying out any provision of
the Constitution to the express means pointed
out by the Constitution was enunciated, and in
giving the opinion in the case Chief Justice
Marshall said:
" The powers vested in Congress may certainly be
carried into execution without prescribing an oath of
office. The power to exact this security for the faith-
ful performance of duty is not given, nor is it indis-
pensably necessary. The different departments may
be established, taxes may be imposed and collected,
armies and navies may be raised and maintained,
and money may be borrowed, without requiring an
oath of office. It might be argued with as much
plausibility as other incidental powers have been as-
sailed that the convention was not unmindful of this
subject. The oath which might be cxacted—that of
fidelity to the Constitution—is prescribed, and no
other can be required. Yet he would be charged
with insanity who should contend that tho Legisla-
ture might not superadd to the oath directed by the
Constitution such other oath of office as its wisdom
might suggest."
I desire to say here to my friend from Ken-
tucky who last addressed the House [Mr. Beck]
that these are words of Chief Justice Marshall
and not mine; so that no personal offense
may be taken.
It is said, however—and I desire to notice it
in passing—that this is an ex post facto pun-
ishment—punishing a man for- an act which
has been committed before the law was passed
making the act punishable. But, Mr. Speaker,
an ex post facto law is one which creates a
crime, which was not so before, or which oper-
ates upon acts previously committed so as to
increase the punishment. That is an ex post
facto law. The punishment of disloyalty in
this country in giving aid and comfort to the
enemy is death. This disqualification from
holding office is not an increase of the penalty.
I admit that when a man is executed he prob-
ably cannot hold a seat in Congress. But, sir,
it is manifest that these laws add no increase
to the punishment provided by law for these
offenses.
I propose now to inquire whether the acts
proven against Mr. Brown do come within the
rule laid down by the committee. The letter
which is referred to was written about six
days after the attack apon Port Sumter, three
days after the President had called upon the
loyal States to furnish volunteers to defend
the life of the nation, and when the utmost
efforts were being made to influence the minds
of the citizens of Kentucky and to induce
them to take sides both for and against the
Government, at a time when it was the duty
of loyal men to have aided the Government in
putting down armed rebellion, and when, if
every man who now claims to be loyal and to
have been a good Union man during the war
had been faithful to his duty to the Govern-
ment and aided in suppressing the rebellion
then inaugurated by the traitors at Montgom-
ery, there would not have been as many months
of war as there were years consumed in the
terrible strife that followed.
For all the blood and treasure lost, for all
the suffering and sorrow endured, the respon-
sibility rests upon those who now, claiming to
have been always " Union men," in that hour
of the nation's agony did nothing but assail
with bitterness those who were endeavoring to
protect the nation's life, and to misrepresent
and denounce every act which tended to such
a result.
I beg leave now to call the especial attention
of the House to the fact that at the time that
the sentiments contained in this letter were
publicly avowed by Mr. Brown in a speech at
Hebbardsville, in the beginning of April, 1861,
a rebel agent was recruiting among the audi-
ence for the confederate army. It is fair to
presume that there were in that audience young
men whose minds were undetermined whether
they Should join the rebel army or whether
they should rally round the old flag of the
country, and while thus considering such a
young man hears from Mr. Brown, who was
then a member of the Congress of the United
States, who had then resting upon him a solemn
oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, these words:
"Not one man or_ dollar will Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against the
South; if this northern army shall attempt to cross
our borderwe will resist itunto the death; and ifone
man shall be found in our Commonwealth to volun-
teer to join them he ought, and I believe he will, be
shot down before he leaves the State."
What would be the effect of such a speech
upon the mind of a young man deliberating
upon the question whether he should join the
loyal or the rebel army, these words coming
from an honored and trusted leader of public
sentiment? The young man heard this coun-
sel, "join the loyal army and you ought, and I
believe you will, be shot before you leave the
State." Was this no discouragement to the
enlistment in the forces of the United States?
He heard the words "we ought to band to-
gether to resist the northern army unto death
if it shall cross our border." Was this no
encouragement of rebellion ? There is but one
construction that can be put upon this language
by candid men. These speeches, repeatedly
made, were overt and public acts done under
such circumstances as fairly to show that they
were actually designed to, and in their nature
tended to, forward the cause of the rebellion.
These speeches were not made in aid of Ken-
tucky neutrality. It is manifest from the letter
itself that it could not have been so written.
It is said now that all his speeches were made
and this letter was written in aid of Kentucky
neutralityI want to examine that proposi-
tion for a little while. There is surely nothing
in the letter itself which looks like neutrality;
let us look at it as a whole:
Elizabethtown, April 18,1861.
Editors Louisville Courier;
My attention has been called to the following par-
agraph which appeared in your paper of this date:
John Yqjjno Brown's Position.—This gentle-
man, in reply to some searching interrogatories put
h'm by Governor Helm, said, in reference to the
call of the 1 resident for four regiments of volunteers
to march against the South:
"'I would not send one solitary man to aid that
Government, and those who volunteershould be shot
down in their tracks."'
This ambiguous report of my remarks has, I find
been misunderstood bv some who have read it. who
construe my language to apply to the government of
the confederate States 1 What I did say was this:
" Not one man or one dollar trill Kentucky furnish
Lincoln to aid him in his unholy war against tho
South. If this northern Army shall attempt to cruss
our borders we will resist it until- the death; and if
one man shall be found in our Commonwealth to vol-
unteer to join them he ought, and I believe will be,
shot down before he leaves the State."
This was not said in reply to any question pro-
pounded by ex-Governor Ilclm, as you have stated,
and is no more than I frequently uttered publicly
and privately prior to my debate with him.
Respectfully, JOHN YOUNG BROWN.
He does say that those who join the Union
Army should be shot down before they left the
State. He does not say that those who join
the rebel army should be shot down before
they left the State. He says the northern
Army should be resisted to the death; but he
does not say that the rebel army should be
resisted at all. On the contrary, he does ex-
pressly affirm the ambiguous report of his re-
marks has been misunderstood by some who
construe his language to apply to the govern-
ment of the confederate States. This is a mis-
understanding; it does not apply to the "gov-
ernment of the confederate States;" ii applies
only to Lincoln and his unholy war. The very
terms used in speaking of the national Gov-
ernment and the rebel confederacy show the
animus of the writer.
It is said that Mr. Brown occupied the same
position with S_peed, Rousseau, Guthrie, and
other men in Kentucky, who were striving to
maintain the Union. I freely admit that there
were men who, from different stand-points, ad-
vocated the doctrine of Kentucky neutrality.
There were men who advocated the doctrine
of Kentucky neutrality for the purpose of with-
holding the State of Kentucky from joining the
confederacy or withholding the young men of
Kentucky from joining the rebel army; and
there were men who advocated.Kentucky neu-
trality for the purpose of preventing the State
of Kentucky from aiding the Republic in put-
ting down the rebellion. At one time there
were men, I believe, acting under these differ-
ent notions, wide apart as the poles, engaged
in something like the same course of action ;
but I affirm that it cannot be shown that any
man who afterward, by his acts, proved his
Unionism, his patriotism, and his love of coun-
try ever took the ground that this man, John
Young Brown, took before his audiences of
young men in 1861.
If gentlemen will take the trouble to look at
the citations made in the report of the minority
of those important speeches of Mr. Speed and
others of that period, they will see that they
read something like this :
"That the present duty of Kentucky is to main-
tain her present independent position, taking sides,
not with the Administration nor with the seceding
States, but with the Union against them both, de-
claring her soil to be sacred from the hostile tread
of either, and, if necessary, to make the declaration
good with her strong right arm."
There was no declaration made by men who
afterward proved themselves to be loyal Union
men in the State of Kentucky to the effect
that the State of Kentucky ought to resist the
northern Army exclusively, or to shoot down
any man in the State who should'dare to vol-
unteer to join the Army of his country. I ven-
ture the assertion that no one of those men
ever gave utterance to a sentiment like this
sentiment of John Young Brown, when he
says that he should be misunderstood if it was
supposed that he was for applying the same
rule to the confederate army that he applied to
the Army of the United States. What did lie
say? When it was published that John Young
Brown had used these words—" I would not
send one solitary man to aid that Government,
and those who volunteer should be shot down
in their tracks"—he took occasion to publish
in the secession paper, the Louisville-Nash-
ville journal, that followed the armies of the
rebellion everywhere they went, the following
explanation:
" This ambiguous report of my remarks has, Ifind,
been misunderstood by some who have read it, who
construe my language to apply to thegovernment of
the confederate States."
When men held and believed that John
