912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February X,
Monday. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Knott] is now ready to proceed. |
Mr. KERR. Before the gentleman from
Kentucky proceeds, I desire to submit a sug-
gestion in response to what has been said by
the chairman of the committee. I hope the
House will come to no determination to-day
to close debate on Monday with such remarks
as I may desire to make, or as the chair-
man of the committee may desire. I hope
on the contrary that it will only be deter-
mined to-day that the debate shall be closed at
some hour on Monday, leaving it open for the
House to determine as the discussion shall pro-
ceed who shall speak. I think some gentle-
men here desire to speak briefly—ten or fifteen
minutes perhaps—and I think it will not be
consistent with the importance of this case to
shut off debate in this way, especially when it
is remembered that the claimant to this seat is
on trial on the exceedingly grave charge of
treason.
Mr. PETERS. I would inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether he pro-
poses to close debate on all the resolutions, or
on the first one ?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman is aware that
by unanimous agreement of the House the
first resolution is to be disposed of before the
other is taken up. Of course I do not intend
to have a vote on the last resolution until the
first is disposed of.
Mr. KNOTT. Mr. Speaker, as *aS re-
marked by the chairman of the Committee of
Elections yesterday, my colleague (Mr. Brown)
presents himself at this bar with the creden-
tials of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, with
a majority over the gentleman who contests
his right to a seat here of 6,106 votes, with all
the qualifications prescribed by the Constitu-
tion of the United States for a member of
Congress, and with a perfect willingness to
take npon himself the oath prescribed by the
act of July 2, 1862. Under all these circum-
stances, I imagine that gentlemen who value
as they ought the sacred right of representa-
tion, and duly appreciate its paramount im-
portance to themselves and their constituents
will not exclude him from his seat, and thereby
establish a precedent which may tell upon the
welfare of this country for all time to come,
unless their right to do so is clear beyond dis-
pute. Let us, then, lay aside the asperities of
party passions and prejudices, and examine
this question in the calm, clear light of reason
and law. It is contended, sir, that my col-
league should not be admitted to his seat
because he cannot conscientiously take the
oath prescribed by the act of July 2, 1862.
That act provides that—
" Every person who shall be elected or appointed to
any office of honor or profit under the Government
of the United States, either in the civil, military, or
naval departments of'the public service, excepting
the President of the United States, shall, before enter-
ing upon the duties of such office and before being
entitled to any of the salary or other emoluments
thereof, take and subscribe the following oath or
affirmation : I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I
have never voluntarily borne arms against the Uni-
ted States since I have been a citizen thereof," &c.
It will be observed that a member of Con-
gress is nowhere mentioned eo nomine in this
act, and from this I might argue that even
under the terms of this law the oath cannot be
rightfully required of my colleague, for it has
been held, and conclusively to my mind, that
there is a broad distinction between a member
of Congress and an officer, and that the former
is not embraced in the definition of the latter
at all.
But, sir, granting that a member of Congress
is an officer under the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and consequently within the pro-
visions of this act, which I can by no means
admit, I maintain on still stronger grounds that
this House has no constitutional right to require
my colleague (Mr. Brown) to take the oath
therein prescribed ; no right to inquire whether
he can conscientiously take it or not, and no
right to deprive him of his seat even if he should
peremptorily refuse to do so.
There are certain great, fundamental prin-
ciples of natural justice which lie at the very 1
foundation of every correct system of govern-
ment which that government cannot disregard
without becoming itself the engine of tyranny,
oppression, and wrong. Among these are the
rights which every citizen in the community
has of being notified beforehand of the laws
he is required to obey and the punishment he
may expect as the penalty of his disobedience ;
of being apprised of the nature, time, place,
and circumstances of any violation of law of
which he may be accused ; of having that ac-
cusation tried by the impartial judgment of his
peers according to the laws ot the land; of
standing before his judges face to face with his
accusers, clothed in the chain-mail of pre-
sumed innocence and honor until stripped of
that panoply by undoubted proofs of guilt; and
finally of having the sovereign power of the
State, in the plenitude of its majesty, present
in the hour of his extremity, not as the stern,
inexorable Nemesis of the violated law, but as
the angel of mercy ready, if necessary, to in-
terpose the protecting segis of pardon between
him and the avenging sword of justice. These,
sir, are the crown jewels of civil liberty, the
birthright of every freeman, and many of them
the sacred heir-looms of our Anglo-Saxon
ancestors, from the period where the dim out-
lines of authentic history fade away in the
uncertain twilight of antiquity.
They are a heritage, sir, which no free peo-
ple, who are true to themselves and to their
posterity will ever fail to cherish with the most
sedulous care or to defend with their lives,
their fortunes, and their sacred honor. They
are enshrined in our Constitution ; and the bul-
warks which have been erected in times gone
by for their protection stand along the vale of
our ancestral history, from the formation of
our Government back to the days of Magna
Charta, imperishable monuments to the wis-
dom, the courage, and the patriotism of that
proud profession of which I see so many bril-
liant ornaments around me. To guard these
inestimable rights of the citizen forever from
the aggressions of power, the founders of our
Government provided in the Constitution which
authorizes us to set here that " no bill of attain-
der or ex post facto law shall be passed;" that
"no person shall be held to answer for any cap-
ital or otherwise infamous crime, unless on pre-
sentment or indictment of a grand jury, except
in cases arising in the land or naval forces or
in the militia when in actual service in time of
war or public danger that the accused shall
enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial
by an impartial jury of the State or district
wherein the crime shall have been committed ;
to be informed of the nature and cause of the
accusation; to be confronted with the wit-
nesses against him ; to have compulsory pro-
cess for obtaining witnesses in his favor; " that
he shall not be compelled to be a witness against
himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or prop-
erty without due process of law." Yet, sir,
this statute, as I shall undertake to show,
would, like the resistless sweep of the hurri-
cane, hurl from their foundations every sol-
itary one of these ramparts which our ances-
tors sought to throw around the security of the
citizen.
Now, sir, I suppose that no one will deny
that up to the passage of the act of July 2,
1862, any man who had attained the age of
twenty-five years, been a citizen of the United
States for seven years, and an inhabitant of
the State from which he might have been
elected, would have had a perfect right to his
seat and the salary and emoluments of a mem-
ber of Congress, no matter what crime he
might have been guilty of before that time.
There can be no question of this, because
there was no law to the contrary, either in the
Constitution or elsewhere. His right to a seat
and the salary and emoluments of a member
of Congress would have been as perfect as yours
is to hold and acquire property. And it will be
admitted that but for this statute his right
would be as perfect now. But this statute was
passed, and for what purpose? Manifestly to
| exclude from office, and, as some suppose,
; from Congress, those who had been, or might be,
guilty of any of the acts mentioned in the oath.
But why are such parties to be excluded ? As
a part, at least, of the penalty of his guilt.
What is the mode prescribed to ascertain his
guilt or innocence? The oath. He is pre-
sumed to be guilty, and excluded, until that
presumption is removed, which is done by his
swearing to his innocence. If he refuse to
take it his silence is taken as conclusive evi-
dence of his guilt, and he is deprived of a
right which he would otherwise be permitted
to enjoy. Here, then, all the objects of a trial
for any of the offenses mentioned in the oath
are effected, namely, the ascertainment of the
guilt or innocence of the party and the inflic-
tion of the penalty upon him or not, as he
may be convicted or acquitted by standing
mute or swearing to his innocence.
Yes, sir, the citizen is informed by the Con-
stitution of his country that he may aspire to
a seat in Congress ; he possesses all the quali-
fications prescribed in that instrument; he has
I been elected by the unanimous voice of his
I constituents; he comes forward to your desk
to take upon himself—the oath required by the
; Constitution ? No, sir ; to answer a charge of
j treason—not upon a presentment or indict-
mentof a grand jury, notifying him specifically
of the time and place of the overt act of which
he is charged, and which might have enabled
, him to repel the charge by proof, but an accusa-
tion made by the sweeping terms of this act,
I which brands him with the mark of infamy
II until his innocence is established. There he
1 must be tried—not by an impartial jury of his
peers, who may interpose even a legal doubt
in his favor, but by his own conscience, when
an error in his judgment must Sither stain
his soul with the infamous crime of perjury or
punish him without guilt; there he meets no
witness face to face, but his innocence must
be established by his own oath or his guilt
conclusively presumed from his silence ; and
finally, sir, if he is an honorable man, his
punishment, if he cannot truthfully purge him-
self by his own oath, comes with the celerity
of lightning and the certainty of death ; while,
if lie be a scoundrel, willing to lay perjury
upon his soul, he acquits himself, and the law
is cheated.
Now, sir, what do these provisions of the
bill of rights mean? Have they any significa-
tion at all ? If they mean anything is it not that
no citizen shall be deemed guilty of any crime
or suffer the punishment due to violated law
until his guilt shall be judicially ascertained by
his peers, upon an open and public examina-
tion of all the circumstances, after he has been
allowed the fullest opportunity of preparing
for his own vindication? If they do not mean
this they are but empty declamation, specious
and deceptive platitudes, the words of promise
held out to the ear and broken to the hope.
Yet, sir, under this act, I repeat, that^punish-
ment for a supposed violation of law is inflicted
upon the citizen, without indictment, without
the benefit of the sympathy of his peers, with-
out the privilege of introducing a witness for
his own exculpation, but upon his own testi-
mony, or, what is worse, by having his silence
construed into conclusive evidence of his guilt.
It is idle, sir, to pretend that an exclusion from
office or a seat on this floor, because of the
inability of a party to take the oath prescribed,
is not a punishment. To a sensitive mind,
actuated by the high aspirations of a laudable
ambition, I submit that an ingenuity of the
most diabolical fertility could not possibly con-
trive a torture more exquisite or a species of
punishment that would affect society more
generally or more disastrously.
Then, sir, if the exclusion from office of any
party because of his inability or refusal to take
the oath prescribed by this act is in effect the
infliction of punishment for an actual or sup-
posed violation of law, without the mode of
trial prescribed in the Constitution, but in pur-
suance of a sweeping legislative conviction
which includes every age, sex, rank, and con-
