914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
is like trying to prove that the whole is equal
to the sum of all its parts, or any other self-
evident truth. It is too plain to admit of elu-
cidation. The trainers of the Constitution
were not willing to intrust Congress with the
power of prescribing the nature of the oath of
otiice, ana hence they limited the extent and
defined the character of that oath in the Con-
stitution itself, thereby saying to Congress,
••Thus far shalt thou go, aud no farther."
And, sir, they had the soundest reasons for
doing so. They appreciated the great funda-
mental fact that the allegiance of the citizen
was due to the Constitution, the expressed will
of the sovereign power, and not to any man,
or set of men who might be selected to admin-
ister the Government formed by that Constitu-
tion. They knew, too, that those who might
get possession of the Government at any time,
no matter what might be their political views
or party affiliations, would be but men, pos-
sessing all the frailties common to humanity,
and liable to all the seductive influences of
place and power. They knew how loth all
men are to part with power when once in their
possession, and that an overwhelming faction in
possession of the legislative department of
the Government might, unless restrained by
Constitutional inhibition, exact an oath of all
applicants for office, or position of any kind,
binding them to support their peculiar policy,
or to sustain some particular man or party.
They knew, too, that such a requirement would
be subversive of our form of Government and
destructive of the liberties of the people; that
the whole duty of the citizen was comprised
in fidelity to the Constitution; that born to an
inheritance of freedom he owed fealty to no
man or set of men, and hence they provided
the simple and comprehensive oath "to sup-
port the Constitution," and gave no authority
to Congress or any other power upon earth to
add one jot or one tittle to that requirement.
They doubtless had before them the long cat-
alogue of strange oaths required in preceding
ages in other countries, all devised and designed
to restrict the liberty of the citizen rather than
to restrain the powers of the government, of
which no free people ever can be too jealous.
They intended that the people of this country
should never be subject to such outrages upon
their natural and inalienable rights, and that
no oath should be demanded of them except
the plain, simple requirement to support the
Constitution, which embraces their entire duty
as citizens. But, sir, compare the oath pre-
scribed by this statute with the test oaths of
other countries, and you will find it without a
parallel in the annals of any other civilized
government upon earth. The Supreme Court,
in their opinion in the case of the State of
Missouri against Cummings, to which I have
already alluded, make use of the following
language, which expresses my idea with far
more force and perspicuity than I can myself,
and I will therefore be pardoned for reading
it. They say:
"The oath thus required is for its severity without
any precedent that we can discover. In the first
place it is retrospective; it embraces all the past from
this; and if taken years hence it will cover all the
intervening period. In its retrospective feature we
believe it is peculiar to this country. In England
and France there have been test-oaths, butthcy were
always limited to an affirmation of present belief or
present disposition toward the Government, and
were never exacted with reference to particular in-
stances of past conduct."
I do not pretend to be familiar with the his-
tory of the French law in this regard, but I
have examined all the various test oaths re-
quired from time to time by the British Parlia-
ment, and I assert that not a solitary one
of them contains a retrospective requisition.
They are merely expressive of the juror's
present belief and promissory of future con-
formity to the requirements of the Govern-
ment, without any reference to the party's
past conduct whatever. The oath of allegiance,
as administered for a period of six hundred
years and down to the accession of William III,
•imply promised—
"To be true and faithful to the king and his heirs,
I and truth and faith to bear of life and limb and ter-
rene honor, and not to know or hear of any ill or
| damage intended him without defending him there-
from."
Upon which Sir Matthew Hale, in his Pleas
of the Crown, makes this remark, which I would
especially commend to the careful attention of
gentlemen on this floor:
"That it was short and plain, not entangled with
long or intricate clauses or declarations, and j'et is
comprehensive of the whole daty of the subject to his
sovereign."
Yet, sir, even this oath was considered by the
English people as binding them too closely to
a particular dynasty, instead of their general
allegiance to the constitution of their country
which limited the power even of the king, and
consequently at the revolution the convention
Parliament changed it so as to contain simply
a promise "to be faithful and bear true alle-
giance to the king," without mentioning his
heirs.
And so, sir, of the oath of supremacy
required by the statute 1 Elizabeth, chapter
one, and the oath of abjuration introduced in
the thirteenth year of the reign of William
III, with all their various modifications sub-
sequently made. They are simply promissory
of future fidelity, and expressive of present
opinion and belief, without any reference to
past conduct whatever. These oaths were,
however, test oaths. They restrained the
liberty of the subject and restricted his opin-
ions at least so far as the future was concerned.
They bound him to the king in a certain sense,
whether the king observed the constitution or
not, and committed him to a certain set of
opinions and principles, political and religious,
j which should govern his future conduct,
' whether in conformity with his better informed
i judgment and existing exigencies or not, and
hence were to be deprecated; and with a view
to forever avoid the occurrence of any such
restrictions upon the freedom of the citizen of
this Government, the frainers of the Constitu-
tion prescribed the short, simple, and compre-
hensive oath "to support the Constitution;"
and by doing so they, according to the plainest
! rules of legal construction, excluded every
other. Congress, it is true, may prescribe the*
1 form and manner in which that oath may be
j tendered and taken; but it has no power to
add one iota to its substance.
There is, however, one other consideration
from which I argue the utter unconstitutional-
ity of this act, which it seems to my mind must
be conclusive of the whole question. I have
reserved it till the last because of its paramount
dignity and importance. It lies at the very
foundation of our Government. It is the cor-
ner-stone upon which our wondrous fabric of
constitutional liberty is established. It is this,
sir, that Congress has no power to add to,
take from, or in any manner alter the qualifi-
cations of its members, as limited and defined
in the Constitution.
Blackstone says, in speaking of the British
House of Commons:
" In a free State every man who is supposed a free
agent ought to be in some measure his own governor;
and therefore a branch, at least, of the legislative
power should reside in the whole body of the people.
And this power, vyhen the territories of the State are
small, and its citizens easily known, should be exer-
eised by the people in their aggregate or collective
capacity as was wisely ordained in the petty repub-
lics of Greece, and the first rudiments of the Roman
State. -Bat this would be highlyinconvenientwherc
the public territory is extended to any considerable
degree and the number of citizens increased. In so
largo a State as ours, it is, therefore, very wisely con-
trived that the people should do that by their rep-
resentatives which it is impracticable to perform in
person."
This, sir, is the whole theory of a represent-
ative republican form of government, and in
the absence of any restriction in the constitu-
tion of that government, the right of the peo-
ple as ffMVgents in choosing their representa-
tives wtfkM be absolutely without limit. They
would have a right to select any person to that
position irrespective of age, sex. color, or con-
dition in life, and without regard to mental or
moral qualifications. Every departure from
this principle, every restriction upon this other-
wise unlimited right of choice is an abridge-
ment of the natural liberty of the citizen, which
should never be done except where the wel-
fare of the State absolutely demands it. The
framers of our Constitution understood this,
and hence they curtailed this right by the few-
est number of limitations consistent with the
safety and well-being of the community. They
provided in the second section of the first arti-
cle of the Constitution that—
"Xo person shall be a Representative who shall
not have attained tho ago of twenty-five years, and
been seven years a citiien of the United States, and
who shall not when elected be an inhabitant of that
State in which he shall be chosen"—
thereby leaving the people entirely free to se-
lect any person they might see proper, pro-
vided only that he should possess these three
qualifications. Now, the question is, did the
people intend when they adopted this Constitu-
tion to surrender any more of their natural
rights than are therein mentioned? Did they
intend that any further limitation should be
placed upon their right to choose their own
representative, which no thinking man will
deny to be the very soul and essence of civil
liberty? I maintain they did not, because to
have done so would have been to surrender
the very liberty for which they had just fought
through a long and bloody war. And besides,
if such had been the intention it would have
been so expressed in the Constitution. I have
already adverted to the obvious and universally
admitted rule of legal interpretation, " Expres-
sio nnius exclusio alterius," but it applies
with peculiar force in the consideration of this
question. For it is fair to presume that when
the people of this country determined to es-
tablish a Government which would form a more
perfect, union between the States, establish
justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide
for the common defense, promote the general
welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
themselves and their posterity, they selected
none for the accomplishment of a work so
important but those who were distinguished
for their learning, their wisdom, their pru-
dence and foresight.
It is fair to presume, too, that those who
were thus selected were impressed with a deep
and solemn conviction ef the magnitude and
importance of the work intrusted to them,
and of the obligations they werfe under to
those who had selected them to make that
work as perfect in every particular as human
wisdom, prudence, patience, and labor could
make it. Conscious that they were called
upon to lay the foundation for a superstructure
such as the world had never seen before—a
gorgeous temple of constitutional liberty—
destined to span a continent from shore to
shore, within whose sacred precincts the weary
and oppressed of every clime and every coming
age might find refuge and protection, whose
grandeur should challenge the admiration of
mankind through all future time and upon
whose broad pedament their own names should
be inscribed in characters of imperishable re-
nown ; the mighty arehitects of the stupend-
ous edifice brought to the work the utmost
extent of their gigantic powers.
Their deliberations lasted for over four
months, during which every provision, sen-
tence, every line and word in the Constitution
was subjected again and again to the combined
testof their giant intellects. I maintain, there-
fore, that in this instance, independent of the
established rule of construction, the presump-
tion is inevitable that the mention of these
thre# qualifications as necessary for a Repre-
sentative in Congress—age, citizenship for
seven years, and residence in the State—ex-
cludes the requirement of any other. The very
Mature of the work in which they were engaged,
the formation of a government in which the
citizen should have the largest possible liberty
consistent with the welfare of the State, pre-
cludes any other hypothesis. The whole idea
is expressed with far more perspicuity :ind force
than I am master of by the distinguished gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] in a report
