1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
made by him in behalf of the Committee of
Elections in the Thirty-Fourth Congress, in
the cases of Truniev vs. Marshall and Fouke
r.t. Trumbull, and which was sustained by the
House. He says:
" The qualifications of a Representative, under the
Constitution, are that he shall have attained the age
of tweuty-fire years, shall have been seven years a
citizen of the United States, and when elected, an
inhabitant of the State in which he shall be chosen.
It is a fair presumption that when the Constituiion
prescribes these qualifications as necessary to a Rep-
resentative in Congress it was meant to exclude all
oihers."
Now, sir, I repeat the inquiry, if these three
qualifications are all that are prescribed in the
Constitution, and all the people intended fora
Representative in Congress, has Congress the
power to require any other? If so, where does
it get that power? It is conceded on all hands
that unless it is delegated to us in the Consti-
tution we d© not possess it at all. The tenth
amendment provides that—
" The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States,
are reserved to the States respectively or to the peo-
ple."
Now, I assert, without fear of successful con-
tradiction, that the power to prescribe addi-
tional qualifications for a member of Congress
is nowhere delegated by the Constitution to the
United States nor prohibited in express terms
to the several States, and that from this amend-
ment it might be plausibly argued that the
States do possess that right. But it has been
expressedly decided by the House in three cases
that they do not, and solely upon the ground
that the qualifications of a member of Congress
having been prescribed in the Constitution, all
others are excluded. The first case was that
of Barney against McCreery from Maryland,
at the first session of the Tenth Congress, and
the other two are the cases from Illinois, to
which I have just alluded. And as the report
of the committee on the two latter cases is
distinguished for its ability and precision I
will be pardoned for quoting from itagain. The
learned author of the report [Mr. Bingham]
Bays:
"And to your committee it is equally clear that a
State of the Union has not the power to superadd
qualifications to those prescribed by the Constitution
for Representatives, to take away from the peopleof
the several States the right given them by the Con-
stitution to choose every second year as their Repre-
sentative^ Congress any person who has the required
age, citizenship, and residence."
*******
"By the Constitution the people have a right to
choose as Representative any person having only the
aualifications therein mentioned without superad-
ing thereto any additional qualification whatever.
A power to add new qualifications is certainly equiv-
alent to a power to vary or change them. An addi-
tional qualification imposed by State authority would
necessarily disqualify any person who had only the
qualifications prescribed by the Federal Constitu-
tion."
But, sir, if a State has no such power a for-
tiori Congress has not. The argument against
the former applies with tenfold force to the
latter, because the powers of Congress are all
delegated while those of the States are origi-
nal. In one case we inquire whether the power
is granted ; in the other, has it been taken away
by the Constitution? We fiitd nowhere in the
Constitution any such grant to Congress or
any such prohibition upon the States. Yet it
has been held, and I think justly, that by fair
implication no State can superadd a qualifica-
tion for representation to those prescribed by
the Constitution, and by the same rule Con-
gress cannot. Yet that this act does prescribe
new qualifications for a member of Congress
no candid man will deny. Put the two together
and the sum is simply this:
" No person shall be a Representative who shall
not have attained the age of twenty-five years and
been seven years a citizen of the United States, and
who shall not when elected be an inhabitant of the
State in which he shall be chosen: nor shall any per-
son be a Representative who shall have at any time
since he has been a citizen of the United States vol-
untarily borne arms against the United States, or
who sh.ill have voluntarily given aid, comfort, coun-
sel, or encouragement to persons engaged in armed
hostility thereto," &c.
One of these causes of disqualification is
just as effectual as the other in excluding a
! member from his seat if Congress had the con-
stitutional power to make the law. It is in
fact, and no man can successfully deny it, in
effect an addition to the Constitution, and is,
' therefore, null and void, because although it
may have passed by two thirds of both Houses
I of Congress, it has never received the sanction
of the Legislatures of three fourths of all the
States, as required by article fifth of the Con-
stitution, which alone prescribes the manner
in which the Constitution may be amended.
But, sir, we are told that " each House shall
be the judge of the elections, returns, and qual-
ifications of its own members," and that Con-
gress has power '' to make all laws which shall
be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-
tion the foregoing powers and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government
of the United States or in any department or
officer thereof," and that,, therefore, Congress
has power to require these new qualifications
of its members. Such was the argument,
and the only argument ef the distinguished
chairman of the Committee of Elections in
support of the constitutionality of this attempt
to exclude my colleague from his seat, and I
must confess, sir, I was astounded to hear a
gentleman of his acknowledged learning and
ability assume such a position. I was pained
as well as startled to hear a gentleman of his
reputation resort to such a justification of one
of the most alarming usurpations of power by
this House that my poor imagination can con-
ceive.
But let us examine this position a little. It
is true, the fifth section of the first article of the
| Constitution provides—
"That each Hons# shall he the judge of the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its own mem-
! hers."
! But what does this mean? Does this pro-
vision say that Congress may create as well as
judge of the qualifications of its members?
Not at all, sir. Each House is made the judge
of the qualifications of its own members. In
exercising the power conferred by this section
of the Constitution the House sits in a judicial,
and not in a legislative capacity. The House
is the judge; but will gentlemen say that any
enlightened system of jurisprudence under the
sun ever conferred upon the judge the power
of prescribing the law by which his judgment
is determined? There can be no difficulty in
in this question, it seems to me, when the whole
of this article is construed together. The sec-
ond section prescribes what the qualifications
of the Representative shall be; section fifth
! simply constitutes the House the tribunal to
determine whether he possesses thenl or not.
The House, under this latter section, have
power to hear and decide these questions and
no more: has the applicant for a seat been
elected ? are the returns of his election in con-
formity to law? is he twenty-fi ve yejjrs of age?
has he been seven years a citizen of the United
States? was he an inhabitant of the State in
which he was elected ? If the power of judging
embraces the power of prescribing the qualifi-
cations of the member, then under the Consti-
tution this House can create new qualifications
for its members without even the concurrence
of the Senate, for by the terms of this section
each House is made the judge. Will gentle-
men say that? Yet they must say it to be con-
sistent, for it is the ultimate logic of their posi-
tion who place this wonderful construction upon
the power of the House to judge of the qualifi-
cations of its members.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman understood
me to say that under that clause of the Consti-
tution which he has cited I thought this House
could in any way change the existing qualifi-
cations for members of Congress he certainly
misunderstood me, and if I said any such thing
I was very unfortunate in my language, for I
not only did not intend to say any such thing
but I do not believe any such thing; and if
he will Itirn to the very report of the com-
mittee before him he will find the very words
which he is putting into his speech as his own
sentiments uttered by me in that report. With
the gentleman's permission I will read from
that report so that there may be no misunder-
standing between him and me. On the ninth
page of the report are these words :
"This House can only be the judge of the elec-
tion, return, and qualifications of its members,'that
is, can pudge whether each member has been elected
according to the laws of his State and possesses tho
qualifications fixed by the Constitution. Ilere its
power begins and ends."
Mr. KNOTT. I thank the gentleman for
' the suggestion. That is precisely my argument.
Mr. DAWES. So I thought.
! Mr. KNOTT. Precisely my argument. But
I am maintaining that in the prescription of
i this oath you do in fact add an additional
! qualification to members in this House, be-
I cause when a man comes here twenty-five
j years old, seven years a citizen of the United
States, and a resident of the State from which
he is elected, you meet him at that door and
say to him, "You have to stay out of the House
unless you can truthfully take this oath." If
he cannot take the oath he is disqualified. An
indispensable qualification under this law is
that he must be able to take this oath, and it
is as much a disqualification as if he were not
twenty-five years of age. That is my proposi-
tion.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MULL1NS obtaiued the floor.
Mr. DAWES. As the gentleman from Ken-
tucky has been interrupted by me I hope he
will be allowed to go on.
Mr. MULLINS. How much time does the
gentleman want ?
Mr. KNOTT. A very few moments.
Mr. MULLINS. I yield to the gentleman
for ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. KNOTT. But gentlemen will say that
Congress has the power to make all laws ne-
cessary and proper for carrying into execu-
tion this power of judging. Certainly it has,
sir. There can be no disputing that. They
have power to pass laws to enable them to
determine correctly whether a member has
been elected or not; whether the returns are
regular or not, and whether the member is
twenty-five years old ; whether he has been a
citizen of the United States for seven years,
and whether he was an inhabitant of the State
in which he was elected. And I submit, sir,
that Congress exercised that power long ago
when the statute regulating proceedings in con-
tested elections was passed. But will gentle-
men contend that in order to enable Congress
to judge correctly of qualifications already pre-
scribed they should have power to create new
qualifications? Cannot this House ascertain
and determine whether a man is twenty-five
years old; whether he has been a citizen of the
United States for seven years; whether he is
the inhabitant of a particular State, or whether
he has been elected without the power to say
he shall not have his seat unless he takes a cer-
tain oath? Is this test-oath either necessary
or proper to enable the House to determine
any of these questions correctly?
But, sir, the arguments against the conclu-
sions of those on the other side which may
be drawn ab inconvenienti are absolutely over-
whelming. For where is this power to stop ?
If the Congress in 1802 could prescribe one
additional qualification this Congress may add
another, and the next another, and so on, un-
til the right of the people freely to choose their
own representatives will be absolutely frittered
away and none but a privileged few ever allowed
to enter these Halls. A power to add a new
?'[ualification, as the distinguished gentleman
rom Ohio [Mr. Bingham] very justly ob-
serves in the report in the case of Fouke and
Trumbull, from which I have already read, is
equivalent to the power to alter those already
prescribed ; and if we admit the principle at all
we admit that the control of this House over
the will of the people is absolute, and the lim-
itations which the framers of the Constitution
sought to throw around the powers of Congress
are mere shreds of gossamer, to be blown away
at any moment by the sheer breath of the fac-
tion temporarily in power.
