916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
The logical consequence of the position as-
sumed by the majority of the committee is
that the same power which authorized Con-
gress to prescribe this test-oath would authorize
them to prescribe others; that there are in effect
no limits to this power except the discre-
tion of Congress, and that iu its exercise Con-
gress might destroy the Government itself.
What! Are we to be told that the framers of
our Constitution devised a Government with
pow^r to commit political suicide—to cut its
own throat? Did the authors of our Consti-
tution, intended to secure the "blessings of
liberty to themselves and their posterity,"
create a Government with power to rob the
people of their great palladium, the right to
choose their own representatives, and rivet the
handcuffs of despotic power upon them, under
the pretext of prescribing additional qualifi-
cations for members of Congress? What is
the excuse for this oath? That no man may
be permitted to participate in the Government
who has heretofore sought to destroy it. But
why do you wish to keep them out of Con-
gress? Because they may seek to destroy it
again. Yet you admit that the very means by
which you would keep them out empowers
those who are in to subvert and destroy it at
any moment.
But we are asked shall traitors be permitted
to contaminate these Halls with their pres-
ence? Have we no power to keep them out of
Congress? Could you keep out a horse-thief, a
highwayman, an assassin, a felon fresh from
the purlieus of crime, reeking with infamy, if
his people should see proper to send him here?
Sir, there is but one way of reaching either
case, and that is by an amendment to the Con-
stitution, passed in the manner prescribed by
the fifth article, by a vote of two thirds of each
House, ratified by the. Legislatures of three
fourths of all the States. Congress has already
admitted this by proposing the third section of
the fourteenth proposed amendment to the
Constitution, as follows:
No person shall be a Senator or Representative in
Congress, or elector of President and Vice President,
or hold any otlice, civil or military, under the United
States or under any State, who, having previously
taken an oath as a member of Congress or as an offi-
cer of the United States.or as a member of anyState
Legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of
any State, to support the Constitution of the United
States, shall have engaged in insurrection or rebel-
lion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the
enemies thereof.
Why the necessity of this amendment if
Congress has the power to effect the same
thing by this expurgatory act? The simple
answer to the whole question is that Congress
has no power to prescribe, directly or indi-
rectly. any qualification or disqualification of
a member other than those mentioned in the
Constitution.
But, sir, the errors of to-day become the
precedents of to-morrow. Carry out the doc-
trine against my colleague contended for by
the majority report, aud where will it end ?
Let mo ask gentlemen to be warned hy this
soiepin—I had almost said prophetic—language
of the Supreme Court in the case of Cuui-
mings, from which I have already quoted:
"Suppose that in the progress of events persons
now in the minority in the State should obtain the
ascendancy and securethecontrol of the government,
nothing could prevent, if the constitutional pro-
hibition can be ovaded, the enactment of a provision
requiring every person, as a condition ot holding any
position of honor or trust or of pursuing any avoca-
tion in the State, to take an oath that ho had never j
advocated or advised or supported the imposition of
the present expurgatory oath. Under this class of
legislation the most flagrant invasions of private
rights in periods of excitements may bo enacted, and [
individuals and even whole classes may be deprived i
of political and eivil rights."
Sir, the specious cry of " loyalty " will not I
justify us in assuming this tremendous and !
dangerouspower. The standard of loyalty next j
year may be very different from what it is to-
day. The watchword "The nation's life is in
danger'' may in a few years betaken up, as the
rallying cry of party, to exclude gentlemen
now on this floor from their seats. Establish
this dangerous precedent by excluding my col-
league now, and should that condition of things
hereafter arise you will appeal in vain to the
Constitution as the charter upon which you
claim your seat. However pure may be your
present motives, (which I am the last man to
impugn,) they will point to the record of this
hour, and with the bitter, taunting sarcasm of
Shylock, when gloating over the ruin of Anto-
nio, hiss into your ears:
"The villainy you teach me I will execute."
IMPROVEMENT OF THE MISS0U1U KIVER.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting a communica-
tion from the chief of engineers enclosing a
report respecting the improvement of the Mis-
souri river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
ELECTION CONTEST SMITH VS. BROWN.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the report of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. MULLINS. Mr. Speaker, I propose,
as one very humble in my pretensions, to en-
tertain you for a few moments—say half an
hour—touching a question that lies at the very
foundation of our Government. I must say in
advance that such is the magnitude of the sub-
ject which it now falls to my lot to discuss that
I feel my inability to do justice to it before the
Congress of a mighty people.
This, sir, if you will allow me to say so, is
of all the questions that can possibly engage
our attention one of the most ponderous and
of the greatest magnitude. It lies at the very
foundation, upon the radical root, so to speak,
of this Government, shaping its destinies in its
incipient stages and in its growth. I repeat,
we have to deal with a question lying at the
foundation of a Government whose people are
as the stars of the firmament (some of them,
I grieve to say, wandering stars) and whose
march of empire is carrying the nation west-
ward as a burning meteor from the arch of the
skv—a people that have been under the benign
influence of God, who holds this country in His
eternal fist of power, and who ha8 been pleased
to let us flee from the empire of despots and
come forth into a land which I pronounce to
be the predicted New Jerusalem come down
from God out of heaven. [Laughter.] I
reiterate the assertions and go back and read
your divine revelation. Could I be permitted
to lift you up by my voice one or two thousand
years from to-day you would tell me whether
I have spoken rashly or not. Otherwise there
is no entering wedge to break the gloom of
darkness that held spell-bound the empires of
earth for six thousand years and to bring on a
millennium. What was more glorious in the
events of time than the birth of the American
Government? Coming forth like the sun in
the morning and chaining the empires of the
world to the wheels of her car she broke
through the gloom in 1776, and she set up her
standard in the darkness and said, " Come,
look at this brazen serpent which we raise !"
But enough of that. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I am going, as far as my humble abil-
ities will enable me, to present this question to the
understanding of the people represented here
by men intrusted with the cstre and keeping of
the covenant, the liberties bequeathed by their
fathers; then to define the position which we
occupy as a nation, so that it may be compre-
hended by all, and I want all to understand it.
Let me say that the principle of Government
rests upon a little older substratum than abso-
lute government itself. Where does it rest? It
rests in the individual, in each and every one
who goes to make up the constituent elements
of government.. There is the starting point.
Where do you, as an individual, rest ? Yon
rest under law, in the original creation, subject
to law, and by that law bound to the Giver of
all that you have, even your life.
Then, when you havederived a knowledge of
that fact and ascertained the principles upon
which you stand and which relate to The Divine
Being, what authority have you to maintain
and perpetuate your life ? Why, sir, the Good
Book has declared that ail that a man hath he
will give in exchange for his life. Make the
term broader than that if you can. Then tell
me whether He who has made you under the
law has by that law said that you should not do
everything in your power necessary to preserve
your life ? There is no place in the whole
broad Book of God that declares that a man
shall not preserve his own life at the sacrifice,
if necessary, cf everything else. And on this
hang the law and tlie prophets—the great,
primary right of self-preservation.
Now, let us see how we can apply to govern-
ment this individual right of self preservation,
guarantied to you and to me by Him whoerreth
not. It belongs to all animal life, sublimely
so to all the human race, each and every indi-
vidual possessing it for himself. They congre-
gate and form society. Society being formed,
this fundamental law of self-protection enters
into its organic arrangement and becomes the
very substratum of its political existence; the
i foundation of government, of all government,
your own not excepted, let conservatism say
what it may.
| Then who would insist that you are to ba
restricted in the use of any and all means in
your power to protect yourself against any and
; all who are seeking not only your property but
your life? There is no stopping place pre-
scribed either by the Constitution or by God
himself short of complete security. You may
pursue your adversary until you yourself are
out of danger, and should death result from
any encounter still you will be held justifiable.
This is the law as written on the hearts of man-
kind.
As authority for the right of self-preservation
I refer to section ten hundred and nineteen of
Wharton's American Criminal Law, as fol-
lows :
" General nature of right.—A man may repel force
by force in the defense of his person, habitation, or
property, against one or many, who manifestly intend
and endeavor by violence or surprise to commit a
known felony on either. In such a case ho is not
obligedtoretreat, butmaypursue his adversary till he
find himselfoutoi'danger; and if in aconflict between
them he happen to kill, such killing is justifiable. The
right of sell-defense in cases of this kind is founded
on a law of nature; and is not nor can bo superseded
by any law of society. Where a knqwn felony is
attempted upon the person, be it to rob or murder,
the person assaulted may repel forcc by force, and
even his servant attendant on hiin, or any other per-
son present, may interpose for preventing mischief;
and, if death ensue, the party so interposing will be
justified.
"Where, in an affray, A knocked down B, and C,
a bystander, believing the life of 13 to bo in danger,
B having retreated as far as he could with satety,
gave B a knife to defend himself and prevent further
mischief, it was held that C was justified in giving B
the knife."
Now, will this principle apply to government;
does it apply to government? Consider a mo-
ment, as I said before, that when the mass of
mankind congregate in political bodies, then
enters into that society as the very substratum
of it the principle of defending individual life.
Sir, it is nonsense to argue so plain a prop-
osition. And I will not take up your time
by going back to quote ancient historians to
show the right of government to protect also
the nation's life. Grotius has asserted this
principle in the treatise on war and peace and
the laws of nature and of nations; and it has
been repeated by Yattel, and in our own land
and time by Bouvier and Halleclc. It is a
prerogative that no legislative body, no con-
ventional body can take away from you, any
constitution or law to the contrary. Time
immemorial has established the maxim that
you cannot by any form of political action
take away the natural right of self-protection.
I ask, again: is this right of national self-
protection not even greater in the Govern-
ment than the right of personal self-protection
in the individual? Is it restricted within the
same narrow and perilous limits of apparent
necessity ? _ Let us see. I, as an individual
! being assailed, have the right only to defend
against the assault. When I have done that
and am safe I must stop; the law will not
justify me in going an inch further.
How far can the Government go when its
life is in peril? It can go to the extent erf
