918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
her sentinels, should keep safe the gateway;
that you and I, who for the moment constitute
the Congress and are clothed with all the legis-
lative power of this Government, should see
that her liberties and these principles of jus-
tice should never be so invaded as to jeopard-
ize the Union again.
Yon say we have no right to legislate upon
oaths ot'office. I will make you sick before 1
get done with this. [Laughter.] With this
power and right of Congress the Represent-
atives of the mighty American people, whose
fathers have bled and died for liberty, and to
whose descendants you and I stand covenanted
and pledged, not only on earth but in heaven,
to perpetuate the great charter of liberty, will
assert and maintain that right to legislate upon
oaths.
" Each House shall be the judge of elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members."
That is the Constitution. Can any one be
mistaken? Can the wayfaring man, though a
fool, err therein? Can the blind notsee it? It
is too plain to be mistaken. Having, then, this
right to judge of the elections, of whom do we
judge ? Vi e, who come here having the right
in the first instance by having received the
votes of the majority of the people, have the
right to look into the elections. And in doing
that we inquire first who voted for you. The
qualified voters of the State have authority to
vote for you under the Constitution and laws
of the United States. That makes the quali-
fied voter. Then, were you yourself qualified i
to be a representative as elected? If unquali-
fied, due notice being given to the people of
your district, every vote given for you was a
nullity. And you being ineligible, how in the
name of God could the vote given for you
purge you of your ineligibility? It is mor-
ally impossible; it needs no argument. He
that undertakes to argue that question only gets
deeper and deeper in the mire. [Laughter.]
Then we judge of you, and what do we
find? We find that when your country was in
peril, when the notes of war were heard, you
took sides atgainst it. And not only that, but
long after the first gun was fired on Fort Sum-
ter, when the clangor of arms was heard, when
the trumpet of war sounded like the trump of
Gabriel, when the battle raged, and the land
was deluged in blood and draped in mourning
for the fallen, yon spurned the flag of your
country. It was the flag that is the ensign of
hope for the down-trodden and oppressed of
the world that you fired upon; the flag that
was set upon the rock of American independ-
ence and watered by the blood of our fathers;
the ensign of hope and prosperity, and of lib-
erty, and freedom of thought and of action, a
symbol everywhere and always of the great <
fundamental principle that lies at the founda-
tion of our cherished republican institutions.
Where in that dark hour were these gentlemen
who claim that we must admit my friend, Mr.
Brown? When that gun which bore forth the
dreadful tidings of death and mourning to the
land was fired against the flag which had been
unfurled by the United States authorities, to do
what? To protect the seas of the South from
the piratical vessels of bad men and bad gov-
ernments, like the watch-dog which the farmer
places at his door to protect his property lest
the thief enter in the night—when that gun was
fired and our flag insulted, I ask where was
young Mr. Brown, of Kentucky? Young man
that he is, was he found in the ranks of death,
doing battle for his country? Ah! no. Did
he hear the trumpet-call of the nation and the
thrilling battle-cry of freedom, inviting him to
glorious deeds in defense of the outraged and
imperiled flag? ^ He heard the very earliest
note, and how did he reply? Standing there
and declaring that if Abraham Lincoln, who
had then issued his call for troops, attempted
to raise troops in the loyal State of Ken-
tucky, and if any man in that State was truck-
ling and low-lived enough to enlist and obey
the call of his Government, that man ought to
be shot down, and would be shot down, before
he ever left the State of Kentucky, unless he
was on the double-quick to get away I And
now we are to let in such men as this; and are
we to understand that there is no power under
the Constitution to keep them out! God for-
bid I No rational man, speaking with an eye
single to the good of the country and the pro-
tection and safe keeping thereof, could for one
moment's time admit the idea that you must
open your gates for the reception of those who
are in deadly hostility against our republican
form of Government and who are seeking to
take the nation's life. It is impossible.
What further do I find—what further consti-
tutional authority to guard this sanctuary?
I had just finished reading and commenting
to some extent upon this fifth section of the
first article of the Constitution which gives to
the Congress of the United States the right to
"judge of the election"—and what next? It
does not stop there. It is an awful lion stand-
ing in the way and looking fearfully and dread-
fully in our faces. It says: "Approach me
no further." Why? " You are bringing this
man in here thinking he has on wedding gar-
ments; go dress him over again." [Laughter.]
Sir, we cannot let him pass this gateway; we
are sworn to stand here and judge of his qualifi-
cations. Is he qualified? Who is to enter the
kingdom above? Who do you admit into your
church membership? They who have passed
from death unto life. How shall you know that
they have passed from death unto life ? Because
they love the brethren. [Laughter.] Do you
love us? What is the next thing by which we
judge if you are a clean sheep? When the
shepherds are here do you cry out? [Laugh-
ter.] Do you know their voice? No, but yon
follow the voice of the stranger. [Laughter.]
Then you are not of my flock. You must
learn to purge yourself, [laughter,] and when
you are once purged of sin do not do like the
old sow, go and wallow in the mire again, or,
worse than that, (I am sorry to be obliged to
use this term,) like the dog, return to his vomit.
[Great laughter.]
We must judge, then, of the qualifications of
this man. Can we open the door to any man
who would thus brand the Government with
infamy, and by whom the declaration was made
that if any son of Kentucky should respond to
the call of Abraham Lincoln, who as President
of the United States was sworn to enforce the
laws, he should be shot down, and shot down
before he could leave the State ?
God knows I make with grief and sorrow
to this House one of the most dreadful enun-
ciations which could be made by civilized
man who has lived for sixty years in the light
of a civilized Government. What is it? That
declaration of Brown was nrade too certain
and too sure in Kentucky. Sir, to-day her
soil is not yet dry because of the Hood of her 1
loyal men which has been shed in carrying out
that declaration of one who now cornea here
and asks to be admitted to a seat, as if he was
entirely pure and untarnished with crime.
Sir, would you think me a sane man if my
people had raised a crop and had placed me
as overseer in charge of it, all fenced in in
good style, and then before k is gathered I
should give way to another overseer who
should tear down all the fences and let the stock
in to destroy the entire crop? Would you
think me a sane man if I did that? You, as
men having the right to provide for yourselves
and your families—and unless you have done
that you have denied the faith—would say to
me, "Go away, you unworthy servant; you
have opened up the crop placed in your charge
to all the thieves and robbers and destroyers
generally, and you are not worthy to be re-
ceived among us.''
^ We cannot permit it, gentlemen; we must
judge of your qualifications. Instead of plant-
ing the corn you have dug it up; instead of
cultivating cotton you have cultivated weeds;
instead ot cultivating the true vine you have
cultivated a wild and worthless vine. You
have tried to carry the ark of the covenant
into the camp of the Philistines. We have
followed you up to the camp of the enemy,
recovered it, and brought it back in triumph.
And you on the other side cannot come in now
until you have made apology for your crime—
until you have brought forth fruits meet for
repentance. Let me see you coming up to this
political Mecca with your hands and knees
bruised and bloody by the penances you have
suffered for the crimes you have committed
against your Government before you ask to be
received again into the true fold. This cannot
be unreasonable- It is only a decent respect
for the memory of our common fathers, who
left the blood from their naked feet upon the
frozen clods of the northern winter and their
bones to whiten the southern fields where they
perished, that we their children might enjoy
the inheritance of which you in your madness
and wickedness tried to deprive us.
I trust I may be permitted to say to our Con-
servative friends here, if they want to convince
people who have transgressed our laws and
deserve six feet of rope, that we must be just
at the same time we are merciful. I do not
want to kill these individuals until they have
had time to repent, though I am afraid they
have committed the unpardonable sin against
the political Holy Ghost. If they are weary
and sick of their crimes let them bring forth
fruits meet for repentance, and then they may
expect to be saved by the same power that
saved Judas, if the Almighty did save him. I
must be allowed to say that the ease of Judas
presented in many respects more palliating
features than does the case of these gentlemen.
Judas betrayed his Master for thirty pieces of
silver. These gentlemen betrayed their master
for a few negroes and a little cotton, and that,
too, entirely in anticipation. What is the next
feature in the case of Judas? He had con-
science enough remaining in his bosom to lead
him to go out from among his followers with
deep humiliation and grief for the crime he had
committed, when his bowels gushed out. Has
any of your bowels gushed out ? [Laughter.]
I am prepared to judge of the tree only by
its fruits. And I say to these gentlemen when
your fruits justify it God knows I yearn to have
you in with us again. But until I am assured
that you are properly prepared I cannot vote
to admit you. I do not care how "Brown"
you are or how "Young" you may be.
I think we have the constitutional right to
judge of the qualifications of this man; and
having the right to judge of them we are justi-
fied in determining that he who would pull
down and destroy is not the man to sit here
to preserve and build up.
But we find in the Constitution Btill more
touching this subject. I now turn to section
eight, defining the powers of Congress. Every
section of this instrument is a grand declara-
tion of fundamental principles and powers,
making together a mighty bulwark to defend
the Republic against all assailants, to protect
her sanctuary against every traitorous invader.
Section eight declares the power of Congress
to "provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare of the United States." Here we
see the Republic spreading herself in the ma-
jesty and grandeur of her power. Who shall
set a limit to her dominion ? Here is the
charter of the vast power with which we are
intrusted by the people. The people expect
us to exercise this power in behalf of the best
interests of the Republic. They never abandon
those who do their duty; and those who fail
to do their duty should be abandoned by the
people. By this Constitution Congress has the
power "to provide for the common defense
and general welfare of the United States."
Under this power we must protect the Gov-
ernment against its enemies by excluding from
seats in this Hall all who cannot present un-
questionable evidence of their loyalty.
But I turn to another provision of the Con-
stitution. In the same section we find enu-
merated among the powers of Cougress the
following:
and punish piracies and felonies com-
mitted on the high seas, and offenses against the law
of nations."
