920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
There is another oath; and we have a right
tinder the powers granted in this Constitution
to impose a thousand others if it be necessary
to preserve the life of the nation.
It is not necessary, gentlemen, that I should
go on farther with this, for I have gone now
within one article of the last in the Constitu-
tion. [Laughter.] If you do not think that I
have-fully put on the armor and the panoply
that is granted to this mighty Republican party
that stand here in Congress with the sword of
justice in their hands, but are yet holding it in
mercy, to guard this gateway and prevent the
entrance of the enemy within our fold, tell me
what is lacking? I have gone through the
Constitution from the first page down to within
two of the last, and through the whole entire
range of it there is not an article nor a section
but what guaranties the right of the Govern-
ment to self-protection. It is our duty to stand
here and see that enemies do not come in. By
this Constitution every civil and every political
officer is required to take an oath, and we have
a right to prescribe that oath. And when men
come here whom the proof shows to have been
guilty in every sense of rebellion, can you allow
such men. with perjury on their consciences, to
come up here and take the oath, even though
their throats may be hard enough and broad
enough to swallow it, and admit them within
our fold and give them full fellowship upon
this floor? If you can the people will hold
you responsible when you go home as men who
have proved unworthy, and you will be, like
the ancient empires, swept out of place for the
incoming of better and more faithful men.
How was it in ancient times ? The hopes of
the world were all suspended upon one grand
result in reference to the blessings that were to
come down from Heaven for mankind. I think
before I have done I will quote a historian,
which you will all allow to be a proper and
legitimate authority. A man had an only son,
who was the idol of his heart. Great promises
had been made to him through the child for the
nation. Time rolled on in that age of the world
until that man was directed by high law that he
mast take his only child and murder him. Great
God! was not that enough to shock the heart
of humanity? And yet it was commanded to
be done. He carried the young boy, only seven-
teen years old, out with him in the morning.
The boy looked up to him with joyful, playful
eyes. How could he doubt for a moment that
his father was leading him by the side of still
waters and out among blossoming gardens!
He went out with his father trustingly. Said
his father, "Gather up an armful of fagots,
my son." He gathered them up in obedience
to the command of his father. '' Make an altar
here, my son." The little boy made up the
altar, still full of hope and faith in his father.
" Cross your hands, my son.'' Obedient still, he
crossed his hands, and his father took him and
bound him and laid him on the altar. Then
he drew from his bosom a dreadful sacrificial
knife and raised it up to sacrifice his son. But
from the Throne of Mercy there came a voice,
saying, "Hold thy hand, Abraham." And in
the thicket was found a lamb, who was offered
up as a sacrifice, instead of his only son, Isaac.
Sir, we must lead our son to the altar and be
ready to offer him up as a sacrifice until one
is provided in his stead. If we fail in our duty,
we will be recreant to the trust reposed in us
and disobedient to the command of the great
God of Heaven.
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana will give way I will move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. KERR. I will yield for that purpose.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before
the motion to adjourn is made I ask unani-
mous consent to report from the Committee
on Appropriations a bill (H. R. No. 605) mak-
ing appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government
for the year ending 30th June, 1869.
No objection was made; and the bill was
received, and read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move
that the bill be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and
made the special order for Monday next after
the morning hour, and printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to that,
but I desire to reserve any point of order that
can properly be made upon the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man can reserve aivy point of order he pleases.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do it, so that we may
avoid having the bill read at length in the
House, in order to make points of order upon
it. I do not know what the hill contains, and
I do not desire to have it referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole without reserving any
points of order that can be made upon it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Bout-
well in the chair.) All points of order will
be reserved. No objection having been made,
the bill will be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, made
the special order for Monday next after the
morning hour, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I object-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. To what
does the gentleman object?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. To what the Chair said
there was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then the
I gentleman is too late with his objection, for the
ii Chair has already announced that none was
' made in time.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAWES, (at four
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the
j House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Cary
Clark and others, American citizens of African
descent, of the city of Detroit, volunteers in
the one hundred and second regiment United
States colored troops, praying for bounty pro-
portionate to their respective terms of service.
By Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas: A memorial
of P. T. Kelley and 175 others, citizens of
Wyandotte, Kansas, praying for the adoption
of a law for the protection of American citi-
zens traveling in foreign countries.
Also, the petition of George Geiger, John
H. Edwards, and 200 others, in relation to
location of Union Pacific railway, eastern di-
vision, through New Mexico via Santa F6 to
the Pacific ocean.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition of L. C.Pat-
terson and 175 others, of Lake Superior, ask-
ing Congress to save the copper interest of the
county from ruin by foreign competition by a
suitable protection.
Also, the petition of Rogers & Sheppard
and 68 others, of Lake Superior, on the same
subject.
Also, the proceedings of the board of super-
vision of Antonagon, Lake Superior, praying
Congress on the same subject.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of officers
and soldiers of Berwick, Pennsylvania, late of
the Union Army, having pay for services due
them, which the Court of Claims has adjudged
ought to be paid, protesting against the passage
of any law prohibiting their payment.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of George
Esterly and others, citizens of Wisconsin, for a
modification of the internal revenue laws.
Also, the petition of D. R. Johnson and
others, citizens of Wisconsin, for a modification
of the internal revenue laws.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of 142 citizens of the town of
Leominster, in the ninth district of Massachu-
setts, praying that the rights of naturalized
citizens may be protected against the unlawful
acts of foreign Powers, and that Great Britain
may be compelled to recognize their rights as
American citizens.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 3, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin,
in favor of an appropriation for the comple-
tion of the harbor at the mouth of the Mani-
towoc river in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of granting an
additional pension to Richard D. Dunphey;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of the
Roosevelt Hospital, by its trustees, for the pas-
snge of an act to confirm their title and more
effectually to insure a full consummation of
the charitable intent of James II. Roosevelt,
deceased ; which wag referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer a memorial of one
hundred and tliirty-thrce officers of the United
States Army, who represent that they are hon-
I orably discharged officers of the late Army
; raised to suppress the rebellion, and that while
in service as such officers there became due
them, as a part of their compensation, pay for
servants kept by them, at the rate of sixteen
| dollars per month frotn and after the 1st day of
j May, 1864, by virtue of the act of Congress,
1 approved June 20, 1864, increasing the pay of
| the private soldiers of the Army. They further
represent that at the time the pay of soldiers
! was increased to sixteen dollars per month, a
question arose as to whether officers' allow-
ance for servants should be commuted at that
rate; several of the heads of Departments,
among them the then acting Paymaster Gen-
eral, General Andrews, and other officers, upon
examination of the matter, reported that they
were entitled to this allowance, and accord-
ingly an act of Congress was passed, approved
March 3, 1865, which they represent meant to
explain previous legislation in that respect, so
as to entitle them to the pay they claimed;
that is, the difference between sixteen dollars
per month and eleven dollars per month, the
pay which private soldiers have been receiving.
They represent that notwithstanding this they
have never received any such pay, and taking
counsel they filed their claim before the Court
of Claims, who unauimously decided that they
were entitled to such pay; that the solicitor
of that court in order to have the decision of
the highest judicial tribunal in the land, lias
carried the matter to the Supreme Court of
the United States, where it is now pending.
They represent that on Monday, the 20th of
January last, a bill was introduced into the
Senate of the United States, which was de-
signed to prohibit the payment to these peti-
tioners of any portion of this claim. They
think it is unjust, and they make a respectful
appeal to Congress to take the matter into con-
sideration, and not to pass the bill, and they
offer their remonstrance to that effect. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to present two
petitions on the same subject from officers of
the late Army residing in the State of Maine.
Under the circumstances stated by the honora-
ble Senator from West Virginia I move that
they be referred to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Maine, in favor of an amend-
ment of the law providing for the taxation of
the stock in national banks, so as to allow
the several States to provide for the taxation
of the same in the municipalities in which the
stock is owned; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
