922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
CCSTOM-IIOUSE STORES IN NEW YORK.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Senohed, That the Secretary of the Treasiirybe,
and is hereby, requested to report to the Senate the
amount paid for rent of tlio public stores in tlio city
of New York; and also whether, in his judgment, a
moro suitable location or locations in respect to
safety and convenience for customs warehouses may
not be obtained, and at a large saving of expense.
MISSOURI TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON. I appeal to the Senate to
take up a joint resolution of some nine lines
which is in my charge. I shall necessarily be
absent from the Senate for some days after to-
day, and I am very much pressed to have this
resolution acted on. I move to take up the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 81) placing cer-
tain troops of Missouri on an equal footing
with others as to bounties.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution was read the second time and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the troops recognized in an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
completing the defenses of Washington, and
for other purposes," approved February 13,
1862, shall be considered as placed on an equal
footing with volunteers as to bounties, and that
all laws relating to bounties be applicable to
them as to other volunteers.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that this
joint resolution passed both Houses without
opposition at the last session of Congress, and
by accident was not sent to the President in
time to be signed. The Senator from Kansas,
who is a member of the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, [Mr. Ross,] happening to mislay
it, the resolution was lost. 1 hope there will
be no opposition to putting it oil its passage
now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
having charge of this measure why these sol-
diers did not get their bounty.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say, in reply,
that we authorized by special act the raising
of ten thousand troops in the State of Missouri
at a critical time, when there was great danger
that that State would be lost to us, and they
were raised as local troops, but were immedi-
ately put into the service and went into Arkan-
sas and other parts of the country, fought
through the whole war, served three years,
and stand on the same footing in regard to
service with all other troops, and in no sense
of the word can they properly be considered as
local troops. They were cut off from bounty
on account of their having been raised origin-
ally as local troops. The measure was unani-
mously reported from the Military Committee
last year and passed both Houses without
opposition, and failed to become a law simply
by reason of an accident.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
announced that the President had, on the 31st
of January, approved and signed the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 75) limiting contracts for
stationery and other supplies in the Executive
Departments to one year.
MICHIGAN AND WISCONSIN LAND GRANTS.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 91. It is merely a joint reso-
lution extending the time for the completion
of a certain railroad, so that the company shall
not forfeit its rights.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 91) concerning certain lands
granted to railroad companies in the States of
Michigan and Wisconsin.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill was under con-
sideration one morning and went over at the
close of the morning hour. It is in the Sen-
ate, and the question is on ordering it to a
third reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I desire to move an
amendment, and I should like to have the
joint resolution read in the first place, so that
the Senate may understand it. i
The Secretary read the joint resolution as
follows:
Be it retained, &e., That a failure to grade twenty
miles of the roads within two years from the passage
of the act entitled "An act to extend the time for
the completion of certain railroads to which land
grants have been made in the States of Michigan
and Wisconsin," approved on the 3d day of March,
A. D. 1805, and twenty miles additional thereof in
each year thereafter, as required by said act, shall
not cause any forfeiture or reversion to tho United
States of any lands granted to the said States, or
cither of them, to aid in tho. construction of the
railroads described: Provided, That said companies,
or either of them, shall fully complete their said
railroads in the manncrrcquired by law on or before
the 31st December, A. D. 1872, at which time a fail-
ure shall forfeit the lands to the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved. That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office be, and he
hereby is, authorized and directed to cause a patent,
in dueform of law, to be issued to the Chicago and
Northwestern Railway Company, in pursuance of a
resolution passed by Congress granting the same to
the State of Wisconsin, approved April 25, A. I).
1862, and an act of the Legislature of Wisconsin, ap-
proved June 16, A. D. 1862, granting the same to said
company for eighty acres of land of the Fort How-
ard military reserve, as the same was surveyed and
approved by said- Commissioner on the 11th June,
A. D. 1864.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
first section by adding to it the following pro-
viso :
Probided, That the provisions of this section shall
applyonly to thechartered and projectedlineof rail-
way from the city of Green Cay, in the State of Wis-
consin, northerly to Escanaba, in the Stateof Michi-
gan, and the chartered arid projected line of railway
from Marquette, in the State of Michigan, westwardly
to Ontonagon, in the same State.
Mr. HOWE. I wish my friend would not
urge that amendment, for several reasons.
First, I do not want the joint resolution
amended at all, unless it is necessary to amend
it, because an amendment sends it back to the
House of Representatives. Besides, I think
my friend will concede that, if some amend-
ment ought to be adopted, it should not be in
this language, because there is really no line
of railway organized from Green Bay to the
Menomonee river. The line is from Fond du
Lac to the State line; that is, the line of rail-
way which was endowed by the act of Congress
making this grant. The road, it is true, has
been built from Fond du Lac to Green Bay, or
to the mouth of Fox river, opposite Green
Bay, and the only part of the line to be com-
pleted is from that on to Escanaba; but the
line from Fond du Lac to Escanaba and the
line from Marquette westward are, I think my
friend will concede, the only lines which are
included in the section as it stands. If he
thinks otherwise I should like to know why he
thinks so; for I am very confident that the
resolution was not intended to cover any other
lines, and that it does not. I have looked at
the act to which it refers with some care with
reference to that point, and that was the con-
clusion I came to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the amendment that
I propose does not describe the line to which
it is intended to apply in a manner satisfactory
to my friend I will change "Green Bay" to
"Fond Du Lac," if that will satisfy him, and
I will modify the amendment according to his
suggestion by striking out " Green Bay " and
insertingFond Du Lac." That will obviate
that objection.
Then the question is, whether it is desirable
to insert this proviso at all. The resolution,
as it comes from the House of Representatives,
is a very general one; it refers to previous
legislation which contains grants to half a
dozen lines of railroad all over the State of
Michigan, and I do not know but all over the
State of Wisconsin. I do not know what the
condition of those lines is; I do not know
whether they have been completed or not. I
do not know but that they have justly perfected
the grants that were given to them years ago;
I presume many of them have. Now, it is said
by the friends of this measure—I do not allude
to my friend from Wisconsin, because he is
candor itself—it is said by the gentlemen who
want this measure passed that all they want is
the simple privilege of extending the time for
them to build the road from Green Bay, in the
State of Wisconsin, to Escanaba, in the State
of Michigan, northward a distance of fifty,
sixty, or one hundred miles. On considera-
tion I withdrew any objection I had to the time
being extended for them. Although it is not
a very strong case on which it is sought to
extend it, I was willing to concede that much.
Then they say it is a necessary part of the suc-
cess of that line that the road from Marquette,
on Lake Superior, westward to Ontonagon
should also be built. That line, confessedly,
has been abandoned by the company to whom
the State of Michigan chartered it in the first
place, but the gentlemen interested in the line
through Wisconsin to Marquette, by way of
Escanaba, desire to have it revived and to get
hold of it to extend their line further west.
I was willing to go that far and put that in, but
I do not desire the general language of this
section to be lifted up by and by by somebody
who gets hold of some other dead grant, and
to have it contended that the generality of this
language, applying to these former statutes
where there were so many grants, opens up
anything else.
Therefore, I have named in explicit terms
the exact lines of railway projected to which it
is intended this relief shall apply; and if these
gentlemen are sincere—and I suppose they are;
1 know my friend is—there can be no possible
objection to it. I have examined these stat-
utes, and I do not agree with my friend from
Wisconsin in supposing that it is at all clear
that this resolution as it stands will not apply
to anything besides the lines named in my
amendment. I am rather inclined to the opin-
ion that it will; and if I had not supposed that
the gentleman who drew up this resolution,
whoever he was, was a very candid and ingen-
uous man, I should have supposed it was an
ingenious effort, by using confused and involved
language referring to these old acts, to revive
sundry grants that do not appear upon the sur-
face ; but of course that is not to be supposed.
But to save all possible question and to make
our legislation clear, so that we shall know
without dispute where we stand and what we
are doing, it is necessary,'in my judgment, to
adopt this amendment.
Mr. HOWE. If it was necessary I would
consent to it at once. I do not want to provide
for any roads except those which the Senator
says lie is willing to provide for. Let any lawyer
look at the acts and see whether the amend-
ment is necessary or not. The section that I
ask the Senate to adopt, the section which the
House has agreed to, provides :
That a failure to grade twenty miles of the roads
within two years from tho passage of the act entitled
"An act to extend the time for the completion of cer-
tain railroads to which land grants have been made
in the States of Michigan and Wisconsin," approved
on the 3d day of March, A. 1). 1865, and twenty miles
additional thereof in each yearthereafter, as required
by said act, shall not cause any forfeiture or reversion
to the United States of any lands granted to the said
States or either of them.
Now, what are these certain roads which are
provided for in that act of 1865 ? They are
these:
" That there be, and hereby is, granted to the State
of Michigan, for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of a railroad from Marquette, on Lake
Superior, to the Wisconsin State line, at or near the
mouth of the Menomonee river"—
That is, where it joins with the road from Fond
du Lac north to the State line; that is a part
of what is now known as the Northwestern
railroad—
for the benefit and use of the Chicago and North-
western Railway Company, a corporation of the
States of Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin, and fiom
Marquette to Ontonagon"—
I he first road running south from the Menom-
• onee river, and from Marquette to Ontonagon
running west—
for the use and benefit of the Marquette and
