924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Mr. FERRY. Mr. President, it will per-
haps be well to recur for a moment to the ori-
gin of this debate in order to obtain a clear
apprehension of the issue which is now under
consideration. A few days ago a bill came
from the House of Representatives additional
and supplementary to the acts ordinarily called
the reconstruction laws, and upon the usual
motion to refer the Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doolittle] moved certain instructions to
the Judiciary Committee which in effect would
eo far modify the existing laws as to destroy
their efficacy and entirely subvert the intention
of Congress in their passage. The object of
those law 5, as I have hitherto understood them,
was originally so to reorganize southern society
that the control of that society should pass
forever out of the hands of the oligarchy which
had plunged the ten States whose condition we
are considering into rebellion and civil war,
and remit that control to loyal hands. The
necessary effect of the instructions moved by
the Senator from Wisconsin, if carried into
effect by legislation, will be to restore to that
oligarchy the dominion of southern society
indefinitely in the future, and to hazard, there-
fore, the return of the evils which we have so
recently experienced.
I suppose, indeed, that in moving these in-
structions the Senator from Wisconsin was but
carrying out the policy of the President of the
United States, in whose annual message the
repeal of the whole system of reconstruction
adopted by Congress was recommended. The
instructions, therefore, moved by the Senator
from Wisconsin and the recommendations of
the President in his annual message upon
this subject of reconstruction are identical in
spirit and effect. But it will be borne in mind
that from the very close of the war the Presi-
dent has had a policy of his own, and of that
policy the Senator has been one of the most
earnest and able supporters. He is so to-day ;
and that policy, from the beginning down to
the present time, has had its constitutional
foundation upon that portion of the organic
law of the Republic commonly called the guar-
antee clause. It was cited by the President in
the first enunciation of his policy. It is the
foundation upon which the instructions pro-
posed by the Senator from Wistonsin himself
must rest; and the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] in his very able speech accepted the
premises thus laid down by the President and
by the Senator from Wisconsin, and thence pro-
ceeded to demonstrate that the reconstruction
laws were not only valid but expedient and
necessary to the national safety. That argu-
ment upon those premises is as yet unanswered,
and is, in my judgment, unanswerable.
And it appeared to me in the progress of the
debate that it was so regarded by the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Johnson], and by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,]
for both those distinguished gentlemen began
their remarks with repudiating the premises
proposed by the President in the original enun-
ciation of his policy, and accepted as the basis
the argument by the Senator from Indiana. Let
me read a few words from the speech of each
of the Senators to whom I have referred. The
Senator from Maryland said:
"The honorable member from Indiana, however
be may be able to involve in inconsistency the Pres-
ident of the United States or those who may have
maintained the constitutionality of his policy in re-
lation to this particular question, oannot so involve
me."
The Senator from Pennsylvania said:
"I am perfectly aware of the argument which is
made against the President of the United States in
connection with reconstruction under his proclama-
tion. It is not material to me to enter upon that
debate and to vindicate him in all respects.
And both Senators thereupon proceed to
deny the applicability of the guarantee clause
of the Constitution to the present condition of
the unreconstructed States and to assert that
the system of reconstruction adopted by Con-
gress is without warrant in the Constitution,
and therefore at once invalid and oppressive.
It would seem, therefore, that a new issue is
thus presented to the Senate, an issue based
upon the general denial of the agreement of
the system of reconstruction hitherto adopted
by Congress with the organic law of the Re-
public ; and it is that issue which I accept.
I ought to remark, in the outset, that Sena-
tors who insist that these laws are unconsti-
tutional and therefore ought to be repealed
have upon them the burden of proof. The
reconstruction system adopted by Congress is
the law of the land. It is as valid, as binding
upon the conscience and action of every citi-
zen of the Republic as if it had received the
approval of the President and had been sanc-
tioned by the judiciary. Nor is this all. It is
not only the law of the land but experience
has proved that it is beneficent in its operation.
Before the adoption of the system anarchy
was the law of the unreconstructed States,
property was insecure, life unsafe, disorder
reigned everywhere. Under the operation of
this system life and property have become
secure, disorder is repressed, and society is
again returning to its normal condition ; and
therefore Senators who demand of us the re-
peal of these laws upon the alleged ground of
unconstitutionality take upon themselves the
burden of proof.
It is insisted that the laws are unconstitu-
tional because they infringe, first, the rights
of the States ; secondly, the rights of individ-
uals ; and the point of the objection is the
same which has divided parties in this Govern-
ment for half a century, the denial of the true
nationality of the American people.
It becomes necessary, therefore, to establish
a proposition which at the first utterance may
seem to be too plain to need argument, that
the people of the United States of America
are one nation, that the political state they
constitute is one Republic, and that there exists
within it one true and complete sovereignty.
It is true, sir, that in the early history of the
Republic the framers of the Constitution in
the Convention of 1787 shrank from an explicit
utterance upon this question. There were jeal-
ousies, timidities, suspicions among the public
men of the different States to which so much
had to be yielded by the fathers of the Repub-
lic, and their action, therefore, left open to
someextentthe question of nationality. During
the administration of Washington the respect
felt for the character of that great man and for
his eminent services, and the universal confi-
dence in his sagacity and patriotism, kept the
subject in abeyance; but in the exciting con-
tests which grew up during the administration
of the elder Adams the question once more
arose to the surface, and in the Kentucky res-
olutions of 1799 Mr. Jefferson, then the leader
of the party in opposition, promulgated doc-
trines subversive of the national idea. A con-
test more or less vehement, aud more or less
embittered, of sixty years' duration ensued—a
contest for that period intellectual in character,
but culminating at last in a conflict of arms
and the miseries of civil war. And now, sir,
after these conflicts are over the country has
accepted the determination that the question is
at an end, and that in law and in fact the people
of the United States, from the foundation of
the Government to the present hour have been,
and from the present hour all through the future
of the Kepublic are to be, one nation.
When the contest began what did the people
go to war for? When the guns were fired on
Sumter and the old flag floated from every
hill-top of the North, and your young men
flew to arms from the Atlantic to the Missis-
sippi, what was the watchword on their lips?
They were going out to defend the Union.
And what was the Union? A mere confeder-
ation of sovereignties? Why, sir, there have
been such unions which were not worth pre-
serving, but underneath our word "Union"
was hidden the reality of American nationality.
It was that which your armies went forth to
sustain; at the end, when the strife was over,
the people of this country throughout its widest
extent, accepted its decision, and thenceforth
the word "national" give* character to the
acts of your Legislature, is written on the face
of your currency, is on your lips in daily utter-
ance, and gives life and meaning to the unity
of the Republic.
As I said, the war has decided not only that
we are a nation but that we have been a nation
from the beginning; and, I add, a nation in
which there is a complete and entire sover-
eignty, which has proclaimed itself in the pre-
amble to the Constitution : " We the people
of the United States of America do ordain
and establish this Constitution." It is the'
language of a sovereign demanding for the peo-
ple supreme authority of the nation which they
constitute.
Thus fur I perhaps may seem to have been
arguing only truisms. I now go a step further
and assert that this sovereignty is exercised
primarily through the suffrage ; that the right
of suffrage in the individual man is derived
from his participation in the sovereignty of
the Republic ; that if that participation is lost,
with it the suffrage and all that flows from it
are also lost. The sovereignty is exercised
secondarily by representation, not simply in
the Federal Legislature or Government, but
it is thus exercised both in the Federal and
State governments and in all branches thereof.
The sovereignty of the people is that of each
individual over all and of all over each. It
is exercised- confessedly through the Federal
Government in its various branches, but ordi-
narily not conceived to be exercised in its
national character through the governments
of the different States; but it is the same
sovereignty that is exercised in the one as in
the other. Establish the principle that this
people are and ever have been a nation, that
the sovereignty of that nation rests in the
people themselves, and all municipal and State
organizations revolve around the great central
orb, the nation. It is not, as suggested by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, that State gov-
ernments and State organizations are the liga-
ments which bind the States to the Federal
Union ;'it is the national sovereignty that binds
the States to the Union, and the object of its
exercise alike in the Federal and State systems
is the security and happiness of the whole
American people.
The Senator from Pennsylvania told us that
to the action of the people of the South in
their State organizations we were aliens and
foreigners. Sir, it is not so. There is no cit-
izen ofany State that is an alien and a foreigner
to me. There is no State whose governmental
action is alien and foreign to the citizens ofany
other State. The States exercise their respect-
ive powers, not simply for local benefit, but in
harmony with the action of the Federal Gov-
ernment itself for the welfare of the whole;
and it is only because in the formation of this
Government the fathers acquiesced in the exist-
ing State system when they constituted this peo-
ple one nation, because under our democratic
system local self-government is best calculated
to insure the safety of the State and the hap-
pinessof the people, thattheState governments
exercise the functions or the portions of the
functions of national sovereignty whichthey do.
The people of the ten States whose condition
is now under consideration were, until the oc-
currence of the events to which I am about to
allude, coproprietors in this national sover-
eignty— coproprietors with all the rest of the
people, each over all and all over each. But
upon the election of Mr. Lincoln, in the autumn
of 1860, their Legislatures convened and called
upon the people to assemble in convention for
the purpose of considering the propriety of with-
drawing from obedience to the sovereignty of
the Republic. The people elected delegates to
those conventions, and made their first step in
the downward road to ruin. The conventions
adopted ordinances thro wing off their allegiance
and renouncing their obedience to the national
authority, and the people, either at the ballot-
box or bv acquiescence in every one of these
ten States, adopted and ratified the action of the
conventions. And here, sir, lest I should be
misapprehended, let me say that when, in this
connection, I use the words "the people," I
