1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
925
accept the definition given by the Senator from I
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bcckalew,]—"tkeqnali- |
fied electors of these States under their then
existing laws and constitutions," either by their
votes or by subsequent acquiescence, ratified
the action of their conventions.
Now. what whs this act? It was the act not
simply of a Legislature, not simply of a con-
vention. It was the act of the people of these
ten States, coproprietors in the sovereignty of
the Republic; and by this act they abdicated ■
that sovereignty, voluntarily, openly, in the
face of the nation; not only abdicated their
share in that sovereignty, but abdicated thereby
every function which flows out of it. Abdi-
cating sovereignty, they abdicated its exercise
by the suffrage and by representation; and
that not only in the Federal system, but
equally in the State organizations.
But whatever effect that abdication might
have upon their position, it in nowise affected
the sovereignty of the remaining people of the
Republic, in whom thenceforth the whole au-
thority of the nation centered until they should
again consent to participate in it with those
who had thus voluntarily abdicated it. The
nation continued to act in accordance with its
just authority. Occupying the military posts
throughout these States, the symbols of its
power were still displayed, and therefore the
people who had abdicated their share in the
national sovereignty proceeded from that abdi-
cation to revolt. The revolt drew after it the
whole population of those communities with a
unanimity rarely known in history, and speed-
ily attained the magnitude of a civil war, with
all the incidents of the latter as known and
recognized by the law of nations. That what
I have to say hereafter on this subject may be
clearly understood, I beg permission to read a
few passages from Vattel illustrating the real ;
character of the relations between the parties
which now ensued:
" In order clearly to discover what conduct the
sovereign ought to pursue toward revolted subjects,"
* * * * "wo must distinguish the nature
and degree of the different disorders which may dis-
turb tue State, and oblige the sovereign to take up
arms, or substitute forcible measures instead of the
milder influence of authority."— Vattel'a Law of Na-
tion*. section 287.
" The name of rebels is given to all subjects who
unjustly take up arms against the ruler of tho society, :
whether their view be to deprive liim of the supreme
authority or to resist his commands in some particu-
lar instance and to impose conditions on him."—
Jbid., section 288.
" When a party is formed in a State who no longer
ubcy the sovereign, and are possessed of sufficient
strength to oppose him; or when, in a republic, the
natiou is divided into two opposite factions, and both
sides take up arms; this is called a civil war." *
* * * "The sovereign, indeed, never fails to
bestow the appellation of rebels on all such of his
subjects as openly resist him; but when the latter
have acquired sufficient strength to give him effect-
ual opposition and to oblige him to carry on the war
against them according to the established rules, ho
must necc-sarily subrni. to the use of the term 'civil
war.'"—Ibid., scction 292.
"A civil war breaks bands of society and govern-
ment, or at least suspends their force and effect. It
produces in the nation two independent parties, who
consider each other as enemies, and acknowledge no
common judge." * * * * "They stand,
therefore, in precisely the same predicament as two
nations who engage in a contest, and, being unable
to come to an agreement, have recourse to arms."—
Ibid.., section 293.
Thus the people of the ten States underconsid-
eration abdicated first their participation in the
sovereignty of the Republic, from that abdica-
tion proceeded to open revoltagainst thatsover-
eignty, magnified that revolt to the dimensions
of civil war, and the result of that war was the
triumph of the national arms. Hardly in his-
tory is there an instance of a civil convulsion
of such appalling magnitude as that through
which we have recently passed, in which the
subjugation of the insurgents was so absolute
and complete.
W e are brought now to the inquiry: what
were the relations of the victor and the van-
quished when the war reached its close ? Here
we are met by the theory common to the Dem-
ocratic party, to the President, and to the
Senator from Wisconsin—the averment of the
fallacy contained under the expressions '"once I
a State always a State," " incapacity of a State ,
to go out of the Union or to be expelled from !
the Union"—expressions in a sense every one
of them true, but which, as used by those in
whose mouths they are most familiar, contain
a dangerous fallacy.
Sir, at the close of the war the relative posi- '
tion of the parties was that of victor and van-
quished : the national sovereignty was in the
hands of that portion of the people who had
never abdicated its possession ; the vanquished
were men who had abdicated that sovereignty
and all of its resulting functions. The geograph-
ical areas of the States, of course, remained,
and they were subject to the jurisdiction of the
Union, as they ever have been. The dwellers
upon those geographical areas remained, and
they owed allegiance and obedience to the
Union, as they ever had done. And if this is
what Senators mean when they speak of " once
a State always a State," and aver the incapacity
of a State to get or to be driven out of the
Union, they assert the truth. But, sir, they
mean more than that; they mean to assert, and
often in terms do assert, that these dwellers
upon these geographical areas who thus volun-
tarily abdicated their share in the sovereignty
of the Republic and assaulted its national life,
immediately when their conquest by that sov-
ereignty was complete had the right to resume
the sovereignty which they had abdicated and
take up and exercise all its functions, i f this,
indeed, be the law of the nation we are without
a Government which is worth the name.
Sir, thesituation is, indeed, without precedent
in the history of this country, but there are
analogies elsewhere. There was once a sover- j
eign who by flight from his kingdom abdicated 1
the English throne. But the statesmen of !
England never held that he possessed the capa-
city at his will to resume the authority which
he had abdicated and exercise the functions
from which he had fled. So now to assert
that the people who have yielded up, for pur-
poses hostile to the national life, their share ,
in the national authority can at their own
pleasure resume their abdicated functions is a
proclamation of anarchy. In the condition in |
which the country found itself at the close of
the war it has ever seemed to me that there
was but one true theory upon which the nation
could act, and that is to adopt the rule pre-
scribed by the law of nations as to the relations [
between the victorious and vanquished in civil j
war; and under that theory and by that law, |
recognized by name in the Constitution of the 1
United States and embraced in its general pro- j
visions or reserved in the tenth amendment to i
the people, what are the actual rights of a
victorious sovereign and vanquished insurgents
at the termination of the conflict? Why, sir,
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessexden,] in
a casual remark made in the Senate a few weeks
since, comprehended the whole of the rights of
the vanquished party in a single word, and
that word is "clemency." It is the only right
they retain; rebels though they be against the
lawful sovereign, assailants of the national life,
yet humanity and the dictates of the Christian
religion have made clemency not simply the
duty of the victors, but the right of the van-
quished. And what are the rights ofthe victor?
To make peace, to establish justice, and to
secure the national safety; and all these must j
be exercised by him with clemeney; and whether
these reconstruction laws, which are now so '
violently attacked both in and out of Congress, 1
are in accordance with the provisions of the |
Constitution, and with the provisions ofthe law
of nations imbedded in that Constitution, and
equally with it a part of the organic law of the
Republic, depenas upon whether they are in
accordance with the principles I have laid
down. It is by this criterion that they are to
be tried.
Are they, then, clement? Has the sover-
eignty in the Republic shown clemency in its
treatment of vanquished rebels in the laws
which are to-day upon your statute-book? Sir, !
I defy gentlemen to search the records of his-
tory and find an instance of such unparalleled
clemency as this people by these very laws has i
exercised toward its vanquished enemies. - I
I will not go back to the dark ages; I will
not go back to even the wars of the Roses or
the campaigns of Alva, or any other of those
civil conflicts which make us shudder as we
peruse the history of former times; but, sir,
look at the conduct of nations of the Old
World in this very century. There have been
1 revolts against Russia within the last genera-
tion ; and go look at the burning ruins of War-
saw and the corpses of her children lying amid
them. There have been revolts in France;
! go see Frenchmen dying of lingering horrors
on the shores of South America. There have
been revolts within twenty years against Eng-
land ; go to Australia and see the best blood
of Ireland banished there by English tribunals
for rebellion against an English sovereign.
And then, sir, when you have searched the
records of history and the annals of other
nations, come back to these shores and see
what this great republican sovereignty of
America has done when rebels have striven to
take its life. No man has been punished for
treason, no man's property is taken away, no
! man's person is imprisoned, no one is exiled.
And that is not all; to every one except those
who fomented this most unholy rebellion this
Government has not only left life, liberty, and
property secure, but it has taken the vanquished
rebel and made him a coequal sovereign with
the defenders of the Republic. Speak of dis-
franchisement! I shall have something to say
of that by and by.
Sir, the vanquished have been accorded their
rights, and now how has the victorious sover-
eignty exercised its rights? To secure peace,
to establish justice, and to guaranty the na-
tional safety; these were both its rights and its
duties. The mode which it has adopted in
these reconstruction laws is deemed by Sena-
tors upon the other side and by the President'
as being contrary to the principles which I
have laid dowp in four particulars.
1. It is said the laws are to be enforced by
military power, and are thus oppressive.
2. It is said they are unjust because they
disfranchise a portion of the citizens of the
revolted States.
3. They are said to be unjust again because
they give political control to a class.
4. They are said to be dangerous because
they admit an unqualified class to political
functions.
These four particulars, I think, embrace the
four chief objections to the exercise ofthe rights
of a victorious sovereignty according to the
mode pursued in the reconstruction laws ; and
I'proceed to consider them in their order.
These laws are said to be oppressive because
enforced by military power. How should they
be enforced ? It was the duty of the sovereign
to establish justice, to secure peace, to guar-
anty the national safety; and the untaught
oligarchy which had instigated this rebellion
was struggling against every effort made by
the sovereign to perform these duties, and
it was demonstrated by its action in the sum-
mers of 1865 and 1866 that if left to itself it
would defeat each and every one of them.
What was the victorious sovereignty to do in
the transition from war to peace and stable
order? Give over the control of the revolted
region to those whose every effort and whose
whole animus was hostility to the exercise of
the rights of the sovereign ? Sir, it had but
one duty ; it must work out these results, and
it must work them out through the executive
arm with such military power as the Execu-
tive saw fit to wield.
Is it oppressive? It is controlled by the very
President who shrinks so earnestly from the
exercise of military despotism I I ought to say,
indeed, in justice to the Senator from Mary-
land, that his argument was directed against
bills upon our table for which future action
may be required rather than against the past
legislation. But the details of his argument
wer§ reiterated by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, and are reiterated by the Democratic
press of the country, as valid and sufficient
against the laws now upon our statute-books.
