030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
necessary conditions upon which a State gov-
ernment would be acceptable, as it has done
in regard to most of the new States ; or it may
wait and admit or reject a proposed constitu-
tion. The enabling act for Nevada required
several conditions-precedent to be incorporated
in the proposed constitution of the new State,
namely, slavery must be prohibited, religious
toleration must be secured, all claim to the
public lands must be renounced, non-residents
must not be taxed more than residents, and
lands of the United States must not be taxed.
Similar provisions may be found in every ena-
bling act passed by Congress. It was never sup-
posed that stating these terms in advance inter-
fered with the right of the people to organize
their own State governments.
They might accept the conditions or not, as
they pleased. If the people of the proposed
State should omit them Congress could not
insert them in the Constitution, but would be
forced either to waive the conditions or make
their adoption a condition of admission or re-
ject the proposed State. In either case Con-
gress would be supported by precedents. Mis-
souri presented a constitution which contained
a provision denying the right of free colored
persons to enter the State, and Congress ad-
mitted the State upon condition that the Legis-
lature would pass a resolution agreeing not to
enforce that provision of her constitution.
Nebraska was admitted about a year ago
upon condition that the Legislature would
extend impartial suffrage without regard to
color.
In the enabling acts known as the recon-
struction measures, Congress exercised the
same powers that it did in the enabling act for
Nevada and other.States. It prescribed cer-
tain principles that must be incorporated in
the constitution and determined the qualifica-
tion of voters in organizing a State. All this
was done in the enabling act for Nevada.
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buok-
alew] could not have examined these enabling
acts when he ventured the assertion that Con-
gress was organizing State governments in the
South. The determination of the question of
what shall be required in the constitution of a
new State must be left to that department of
the Government which the Constitution author-
izes to admit new States. The language of the
Constitution is, ''new States may be admitted
by the Congress into the Union." The admis-
sion of new States is not an executive or a judi-
cial act, but a legislative act. If the proclama-
tion of the President by which he authorized
the formation of a State government in North
Carolina, issued on the 29th day of May; 1865,
is to be regarded in the light of an enabling act
by which Congress and the Supreme Court are
to be bound, it was an act of unqualified usurp-
ation. It was the performance of an act dele-
gated in express terms to Congress. For, if the
people of North Carolina had been deprived by
the rebellion of all civil government as declared
in that proclamation, and a necessity had been
created for a new State organization, an ena-
bling act under which the people might organize
such new government could only be passed by
Congress. On an examination of this procla-
mation and the various amendatory proclama-
tions and conditions that were prescribed by
the President, it will be seen that the qualifica-
tion of voters was fixed arbitrarily, excluding
some rebels and allowing others to vote, and
excluding the entire colored population, so as to
allow governments to be organized by a minor-
ity of the people, and this minority intensely
disloyal. He also prescribed what should be
contained in the new constitutions—slavery
should be prohibited and the rebel debt repu-
diated. I say, again, if this-proclamation was
to be enforced upon the other departments of
the Government as a law, it was usurpation.
But if it was only intended as a provisional
exercise of military power, subject to the super-
vision of Congress, it was wise or unwise,
depending upon the merits of the .plan pro-
posed. An assurance was given to the country
that no other construction would be claimed
for those proclamations in a dispatch to the
provisional Governor of Florida, dated Sep-
tember 12, 18t>5. in the following words :
Dkpartmknt of St itk,
WaSHINOTON", September 12, Is >■">.
Sir: Your Excellency's letter of the 29th ultimo,
with the accompanying proclamation, has boon re-
ceived and submitted to tho President.
The steps to which it refers, toward reorganizing
the government of Florida, seem to bo in the main
judicious, and good results from thorn may bo hoped
for. The presumption to which tho proclamation re-
fers, howovcr, 111 favor of insurgents whomny wish to
vote, and who may have applied for, butnotroceived,
their pardons, is not entirelyapproved. Allapplica-
tions for pardons will bo duly considered, and will be
disposed of as soon as may be practicable. It mast,
hmrrver, be distinctly understood tiiat the restoration to
ichick your proclamation refers will be subject to the
decision of Congress.
I have the honor to be your Excellency's obedient
servant. WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
His Excellency William Marvin.
But the subsequent conduct of the President
in attempting to maintain*this proclamation as
theparamount law, which Congress could neither
disregard, repeal, or modify, must be admitted
by all impartial men as unwarranted usurpa-
tion of power delegated to another department.
But it is said that the Congress invokes the
military in aid of reconstruction. It certainly
does provide military protection in order that
the people may act freely iyid voluntarily.
The President did the same, only in a more
harsh and arbitrary manner, governing the
whole people by martial law, while a favored
class were organizing governments to oppress
the majority. Why is it that neither the rebels
nor peace Democrats make complaint against
these Johnson organizations? Why are they
treated as constitutional? Is it because they
find authority in that instrument to justify
them ? Is it because they construe the Con-
stitution to authorize the Executive to admit
new States, or to guaranty to each State \
a republican form of government? Or is it
because these organizations are rebel and sub-
serve the purposes of the peace Democracy
better than loyal organizations would or could?
Why do they want these provisional govern-
ments to stand and be recognized as States?
Is it devotion to the Constitution or to party ?
The Senator from Pennsylvania contended
that this Congress did not represent the peo-
ple. First, because there had been Demo-
cratic gains in several State elections since
the last congressional election; and second,
because New England and the far West were
allowed to take part in the councils of the
nation. As to the first reason it is sufficient to
say that local causes, prejudices, and official
corruption in the administration of the revenue
laws occasioned dissatisfaction, as indicated
in the fall elections. But the recent congres-
sional election in Ohio, to fill the vacancy occa-
sioned by the death of Mr. Hamilton, indicates
that the people of that State still adhere to the
congressional plan. But what right has he to
say that a Congress elected by the overwhelm-
ing votes of the people have no right to speak
for their constituents? As to the right of New
England to full representation upon this floor,
what patriot dares question it? To New Eng-
land the nation owes a debt of gratitude beyond
its capacity to pay. To New England civil
liberty, science, and civilization owes more
than to any other region of three times its
extent upon which the sun has ever shown.
It is the spirit of New England that gives life,
energy, and stability to the whole nation. The
sons of New England are, found everywhere,
in every State, in every neighborhood where
free schools, free churches, and free speech are
tolerated and protected, and where enterprise
and prosperity find a home. Who is not proud
of New England, and who would deprive her
of her full share and responsibility in main-
taining free government in the United States?
As to Nevada and the sparsely-settled States
of the ^Vest, the time is not far distant when
they will be sufficient in numbers and influence
to command respect. The natural advantages
of that great country west of the llocky mount-
ains are being rapidly developed by an enter-
prising and liberty-loving people. Nevada can
afford to endure the sneers of that party who
would place this country under rebel rule. She
is loyal; she is rich in natural resources ; she
is contributing annually to the wealth of the
world twenty millions of the precious metals;
her mines are extensive and inexhaustible;
and although she has deserts and wastes she
has more fertile lands than some of the large
and populous States. Before another census
is taken her population will far exceed the
requirements of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania for the organization of a new State. At
the time of her admission her population ex-
ceeded that of many of the new States when
admitted; and her registered vote to-day ex-
ceeds the registered white vote in one, at least,
of the ten rebel States, which the Senator is
anxious to receive on a white, rebel basis, and
which for twenty years was represented by two
Senators on this floor. I deny that the Repub-
lican party in admitting new States have
departed from the rule that the Democrats
adopted. Nevada, admitted by the Repub-
lican party, had a population at the time of
her admission equal to the population of Ore-
gon when she was admitted by the Democrats.
The population of Nebraska exceeded that of
Florida or Arkansas.
But what do the Democratic party propose?
The party that denied the right of the Govern-
ment to suppress the rebellion ; that obstructed
the draft; that voted against supplies for the
Army; that declared the war a failure; that
declared the emancipation of the slaves uncon-
stitutional? How do they propose to gain polit-
ical power from the results of the war? Do
they propose to increase their power by fair
means? Examine their programme. Is there
nothing in it dictated by partisan zeal?
While slavery existed five slaves were counted
equal to three American citizens in the basis
of representation. But the rebellion, which
destroyed slavery and made four million new
citizens, changed the basis of representation,
and with the present apportionment increased
the representation of the rebel States from fifteen
to twenty members. But on the Democratic
theory the four million colored persons in the
South are first to be denominated brutes and
denied all rights of representation or self-pro-
tection ; and second, the rebels are to have rep-
resentation in the Halls of Congress for these
four million men. In other words, on all the
days in the year save one the negro is set off as
one of the beasts of the field; but on the day
the census taker makes his appearance he is set
up on his hind legs and called a man. Accord-
ing to the showing of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania the South would be indebted for nearly
one half of her representation to her colored
Eopulation. The State of South Carolina would
ave more representation on account of her
colored than her white population.
The Republican party maintain that the
power of the rebels to control this Govern-
ment ought not to be increased because they
attempted to destroy it; that it is unsafe to
reward rebellion by this vast increase of polit-
ical power, and that a white man in Massa-
chusetts or Ohio is as good as a white man in
South Carolina or Florida, and entitled to
equal representation. But the Democratic the-
ory is that although the black man is unfit to
vote, still he is fit to be represented by rebels,
and to make a stand-off against a loyal white
man of the North. I do not pretend to deny
the fact that the Union party desires to con-
tinue in power, and the satne is true of the
Democratic party, and the same has been true
of all parties from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment.
But the real question is, liow is the power
of this. Government to be used—for good or
evil? What are the purposes of these two
great parties? _ Who are their leaders and who
will control their destinies? The record of the
great mass of the Democratic party is either
the record of rebels or peace Democrats. The
party, with all its discordant elements, has been
true in its opposition to every effort made by
the Government to enforce the laws and
