934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
the Legislature of a State or Territory may be
presented.
EXPENDITURE OF APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BLAINE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
COG) to limit and control the expenditure of
certain appropriations; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
PROMOTIONS IN TUB NAVY.
Mr. BLAINE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 607) to amend the act of July 25, 1866,
relating to promotions in the Navy; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
TAXtNG STOCK OF NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. PETERS presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Maine in regard to the
law of the United States providing for the tax-
ation of the stock of national banks ; which
were referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency, and ordered to be printed.
RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
Mr. PETERS also presented resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Maine in relation
to the rights of naturalized citizens of the Uni-
ted States in foreign countries; which were
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
CONTRACTS PAYABLE IN COIN.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No. :
60S) for the enforcement of contracts payable
in coin; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. POLAND. I ask that this bill be read
at length.
The bill, which was read, provides that in
every suit or proceeding for the enforcement
of any obligation or contract in writing, made
after the passage of this act, for the payment
of any sum in gold or silver coin, when judg-
ment shall be rendered for the plaintiff or com-
plainant therein the judgment shall be that the
sum found due shall be paid in gold and silver
coin ; and the execution or other final process
to enforce such judgment-shall direct the col-
lection thereof to be made in gold and silver
coin : and the officer to whom such execution
or other final process shall be committed for
collection shall collect the same in such gold
and silver coin.
Mr. POLAND. This is apparently rather a
financial than a judicial measure; but as there
is some question in reference to our power in
this case, I move the reference of the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. BOUTWELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 609) relating to the public debt and the
payment of interest thereon; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of' Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
DEPARTMENT OP JUSTICE.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 610) to establish a department of justice:
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Retrenchment, and
ordered to be printed.
PROTECTION OF AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
^ Mr. JENCKES also introduced a bill (H. R,
No. 611) concerning American citizenship and
the protection due to American citizens in for-
eign States; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM CHAMBERLAIN.
Mr. VAN AERNAM introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 612) granting a pension to William
Chamberlain, a soldier of the war of 1812;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pe nsions and of the War of 1812.
DUNKIRK IIARDOR, NEW YORK.
AERNAM also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 613) making an appropriation for
the completion of the improvements of the har-
bor at Dunkirk, New York ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
RAILROAD FROM WASHINGTON TO NEW YORK.
Mr. KELSEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
621) to authorize the building of a military
and postal railroad from Washington, District
of Columbia, to the city of New York; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. KELSEY. I move the reference of this
bill to a select committee of five.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend so as
to refer the bill to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the
Committee on Roads and Canals have a propo-
sition of that kind before them now 1 must
object to the motion for a special committee.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope it will be referred
to a special committee.
MtWINDOM. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York to modify his motion so as to
increase the committee to nine.
Mr. KELSEY. I accept that as a modifi-
cation of my motion.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules the first
question will be on reference to the standing
committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let us know what we are
voting on.
Mr. KELSEY. It is substantially the same
proposition passed in the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress. There are a few amendments. I think
every member will favor the object in view.
The House divided on the question of refer-
ence to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and there were—ayes 42, noes 26; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Kelsey and Mr. Spalding.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes 38.
Mr. KELSEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to move to
lay the bill on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as during the
morning hour on Monday bills and resolutions
can only be introduced for reference.
So the bill was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
MRS. ALICE DRYER.
Mr. FERRISS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
614) for the relief of Mrs. Alice Dryer; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
NATURALIZATION.
Mr. ROBINSON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 615) to establish a uniform rule on natu-
ralization ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read by unanimous consent. It
provides that any alien may be admitted to
become a citizen of the United States on ap-
plication to any common law court of record
in any one of the States or Territories thereof
on making proof to the satisfaction of said
court that he is a person of good character,
and that it is his intention permanently to re-
side in the United States, and taking the oath
or affirmation prescribed bylaw to support the
Constitution of the United States, which oath
or affirmation said court shall administer; and
the clerk of said court shall record such appli-
cation and the proceedings thereon, and there-
upon such person shall be considered as a citi-
zen of the United States.
The _ second section provides that all laws
inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
NATURALIZATION OF SAILORS AND MARINES.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
616) extending the provisions of the act of
July 17, 1862, relating to the naturalization
of soldiers, to those who enlisted in the naval
and marine service of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
CHRISTINE KINSEL.
Mr. MILLER also introduced a bill (H  R
No. 617) granting a pension to Christine Kin-
sel, widow of Erastus Kinsel, deceased, late
private company A, one hundred and twenty-
fifth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
[ GENERAL WARD H.BURNETT.
| Mr. MILLER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 618) for the relief of Ward H. Burnett;
which was read a first and second time, and
! referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
J JACOB GATES.
Mr. MORRELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 619) granting an invalid pension to Jacob
Gates; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions and of the War of 1812.
DREDGING POTOMAC RIVER.
Mr. KOONTZ introduced a bill (H. R. No.
620) providing for dredging a part of the chan-
, nel of the Potomac river by convict labor;
which was read a first and second time, and
1 referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
; REGISTERING OF VESSELS.
Mr. BUCKLAND introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 022) to repeal section five of an act entitled
"An act concerning the registering and record-
ing of ships or vessels," approved December
31, 1792; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. BUCKLAND also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 623) to regulate the national currency,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, refejfed to the Committee
on Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
PRIVATE BUILDINGS IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. WELKER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
624) to regulate the construction of private
buildings in the city of Washington, District
of Columbia, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
DAVID WRIGHT.
Mr. EGGLESTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 625) for the relief of David Wright, late
captain of company E, fifty-second regiment
Indiana volunteers; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
MAIL ROUTES IN OHIO.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 626) to establish a mail route from Cum-
berland to Caldwell, in the State of Ohio;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. MUNGEN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
627) to abolish the post from Pequia, Ohio, to
New Bremen, Ohio, and to establish a post
route from New Bremen to Anna Station, via
the Dayton and Michigan railroad; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
ISSUE OF LEGAL TENDERS.
. ^r- WILLIAMS, of Indiana, introduced a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 188) to authorize
the issue of $140,000,000 legal-tender notes,
to supply the_ deficiency in the currency caused
by the canceling of legal-tender and compound-
interest notes; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
. ^r' WILLIAMS, of Indiana. I ask to have
it referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay it on the
table.
