936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
MAIL ltOCTE IN ILLINOIS. !
Mr. HARDING introduced a bill (H. R. j
No. Goo'i tor & mail route 1'rom Rock Island
to Galesburg. in Illinois; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
order of business.
The SPEAK ER. The call of the States and
Trrritories for the introduction of bills and
jv>n t resolutions being concluded, the next
business iu order during the remainder of the
morning hour is the call of States and Territo-
ries tor the introduction of House resolutions.
The call commences with the State of West \ ir-
where it was arrested at the expiration
ot' the morning hour on the 27th of January.
at mourn- of the secretary of war.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, sub-
mitted the following resolution: which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Ketolvtd, That the Secretary of War ba requested
to transmit to this House copiesof all correspondence
b -tween him and the Executive limiting his author-
ity as Secretary of War to issue orders: and all cor-
respondence between him and tho General-in-Chief
oa the same subject, tod copies iu full of all cor-
respondence which may hare been furnished him
between the President and the General-in-Chief re-
lating to the disobeying by the General of any order
of the War Department.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was adopted; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
peonage, etc., in new MEXICO.
Mr. CLEVER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Rnolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire whether any additional legisla-
tion is necessary to eradicate the system of peonage
and Indian slavery in the Territory of New Mexico;
and to report by bill or otherwise.
exploration of colorado river.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, submitted the fol-
lowing preamble and resolution; which were
read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the Colorado river is estimated to be at
least one thousand five hundred miles In length, drain-
ing a country equaled only in extent by that drained
by the Mississippi and the Missouri; and whereas a
rii-or of such length, bounding on or meandering
through six States or Territories thould no longer
remain in doubt as to its capacity tor navigation:
Therefore,
Hctolted, That the. Committee on Commerce be
instruct, d to inquire into the expediency of causing
nns'sploration <>f said river, commencing at a point
known asCallwell and extending to the mouth of
Green river, with a view to navigation, and to report
by bill or otherwise.
ORDERS of southern district commanders.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order is the consideration of resolutions calling
for executive information which have been
laid over under the rule. The first is a reso-
liyion offered on the 12th of December last by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Ihe resolution will be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved. That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish the House with copies of all general orders
which have been promulgated by the several com-
manders of the five military districts or pentarchies
at the Sonth, and of all special orders, or parts
thereof, issued cither by said commanders or by any
of their subordinate officers for tho execution of the
reconstruction laws or in anywise relating thereto.
Mr. BROOKS. I suppose there will be no
objection to this resolution. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. BLAINE. It seems to me this resolu-
tion is not respectful in its language. I move
that it be laid on the table.
Mr. BROOKS. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman will-strike
out the word "pentarchies" we will support
his resolution. That is all we object to.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] says that if I strikeout the word
" pentarchies'1 it will remove all objections to
the resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. No, it will not.
Mr. BROOKS. That word "pentarchies" |
is a rather hard word; and I will not insist
upon it.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been seconded the resolution cannot be
modiiied except by unanimous consent.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to the modifica-
tion.
Mr. BLAINE. As the gentleman front New
York [Mr. Brooks] is willing to modify his
resolution I withdraw the motion to lay on the
table, and moveto reconsiderthe vote by which
the previous question was seconded.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question, Mil modify my resolu-
tion by striking out the words '' or pentarchies."
I now renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it any worse to have
it in the resolution than to have it in the coun-
try?
Mr. PIKE. The usual word is "directed,"
and I hope it will be inserted.
Mr. BROOKS. I accept that modification.
All I want is information.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BROOKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
! TRIP OF THE MIANTONOMOH.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to be the following resolution, submitted
by Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, December 12,
1667, and laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the- Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to turnisb to this House the entire expense of
the late trip to Europe of the iron-clad Miantono-
moli, which shall embraco in detail all thcitems and
out of what fund the said expense has been paid.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, demanded the
previous question.
Tiie previous question was seconded, arid
the main question ordered; and nnder the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
swaslp lands in southern states.
The next business in order was the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Julian Decem-
ber 12, 18G7, and laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to rej>ort to this House the information called for by
its resolution of July last respecting the disposition
of the swamp lands in the Southern States, which
information has not yet been communicated.
Mr. JULIAN. That has been answered;
s and I therefore move the Resolution be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
message from tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed House bill No. 521,
in relation to taxing shares in national banks,
without amendment.
It further announced that that body had
passed ft joint resolution (S. R. No. 81) plating
certain troops of Missouri on an equal footing
with others as to bounties, in which it requested
the concurrence of the House.
change of bank securities.
! The SPEAKER stated the next business in
j order to be the following resolution, submitted
by Mr. Pile December 1G, 18G7, and laid over
i under the rule :
! Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
direoted-to report to the House whether, since the
I 1st day of July last past, any national banks have
changed their securities held in the Treasury to se-
cure their circulation and Government deposits; and
if so, what banks have so changed their securities,
what changes have been made, the date, amount,
and kinds of such changes specifically: and that he
be required to make no further cbSoges in thefundod
securities of the United States by payment or other-
wise, except of interest, until furthor order or legis-
lation of Congress thereon.
Mr. BLAINE. That will prevent the fund-
ing of any seven-thirty notes.
Mr. PILE. I yield to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I trust the
House will understand the purport of the reso-
lution, and that it will be passed. There is
now going on a process of funding seven-thir-
ties iuto five-twenties, so as to increase the
interest paid by the United States, so we are
losing quite an amount in interest by this pro-
cess of funding. Again, the Secretary of the
Treasury is allowing a change of ten-forty
bonds for five-twenties, and thus that loan is
being got out, so as to bind us to gold payment
before the House can take any action on the
question. To stop this discretionary power in
the Secretary of the Treasury in thus dealing
with the bonds and the currency the resolu-
tion ought to be passed. If the morning hour
were not about to expire I would go further into
this important question.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the gentleman will
let me ask him a question.
Mr. BUTLER. I will if it does not allow
; the morning hour to expire.
Mr. BLAINE. Every holder of seven-thir-
ties has the guarantee of law that they shall
be exchangeable for five-twenties, and yet the
gentleman from Massachusetts and the gentle-
man from Missouri, separately and jointly, pro-
pose by this resolution, and put through under
the thumb-screw of the previous question in
two minutes and a half, to negative that con-
tract on the part of the United States.
i. Mr. BUTLER. To that I answer that we
j i do not propose to negative that practice when
! done according to law; we only propose that
I; it shall not be gagged through upon us while
! we are endeavoring to find a remedy for this
depressed state of the business of the country,
a remedy for the burden of taxation that the
Secretary is continuing in the interest of tho
" bondholder, of the banker, of the Jew, of the
i, sharper. I move the previous question.
11 Mr. BLAINE. In the interest of common
|j honesty. He is merely following the law. I
[I hope the previous question will not be sec-
onded.
The question being taken, the previous ques-
tion was not seconded—ayes 32, noes 82.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table for the purpose of testing the
sense of the-House.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, what becomes
of the resolution under the rule? . .
The SPEAKER. If a majority of theHouse
shall vote in favor of the pending motion it will
be laid on the table.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the motion for a moment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw the motion
to lay the resolution on the table aBd move to
refer it to the Committee on Banking arid Cur-
rency.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour his
expired, and the resolution goes over. The
next business in order is the consideration of
the eontested-election case, upon which the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is entitled
to the floor.
SUSPENDING TIIE RULES.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a question of
order. Is it now in order to move, for the pur-
pose of introducing any subject, to suspend
the rules? I wish to introduce a resolution.
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
Order; it is a parliamentary inquiry, which
could not take the gentleman from Indiana off
the floor except by his consent, and except,
also, by a postponement of the election case.
Mr. KERR. I do not consent.
Mr. ROBINSO'N. I had risen before the
gentleman did.
The SPEAKER. That may be, but yet the
Chair would be bound to recognize the prior
right of the gentleman from Indiana to the
floor.
