1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
that presumption must stand until by the power
of evidence it is overcome and broken down,
and then he may stand here as a convicted-1
criminal waiting the punishment that is due
to his crime. It becomes the dutv of the
II oiw, then, in the consideration of this case '
to take the evidence, the law, the current his-
tory of the times, the circumstances under
which this remarkable letter was written, the
purpose and intent with which it was written,
the motives, the impulse, all the surroundings
that must be presumed to have prompted its
writing, and from them deduce, if you can, a
conclusion either of innocence or guilt. And
certain it is your decision should have no less
broad aud comprehensive foundation than that.
What, then, does the evidence show? Trea-
son I have already defined. Our forefathers
were not content with guarding the liberties of
this country by a mere definition of treason,
and they deemed it their imperative duty to go
a step further and define what shall be the evi-
dence of treason. And what is it?
"No person shall be convicted of treasop unless on
the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act
or on confession in open cpurt."
Does this case disclose such evidence? Is
there a scintilla of evidence here that Mr.
Brown ever wrote this letter except his own
confession out of court? He does not deny it
anywhere out of court. Is it confessed in !
court? I confess it for him in court, but with- !
out his confession the record makes no case j
against him upon that letter, admitting that it
can be even held to be an act of treason. It
is established by his own confession. Now
what follows? Why, that when his confession
is to be taken we must take his whole confes-
siou. We must take all he says, not the con-
fession that he wrote this letter and then stop ;
that would be doing violence to the very fun-
damental principles of common sense as well
as common justice and common law.
We must take all he said; and what is all he
said ? Why, he says it first, he says it last; he
said it in the beginning, and has said it ever
since ; he says it privately and he says it pub-
licly ; he says it in speeches, on the stump, in
the forum, before the committee, and every-
where, that when he wrote this letter he was a
Union man and that he wrote it as a Union
man. Taking, then, all this statement to-
gether, I confess for him, if you please, in
open court. I do not make this confession by j
any authority from him, for I have had no con- j
ference with him and know not what his views S
or desires are ag to the line of argument. I
simply say, taking all these facts and consid-
erations as the record against Mr. Brown, and
he must go quit of any guilt.
Mr. DRIGGS. Will tne gentleman yield for
a question ?
Mr. KERR. Yes, sir.
Mr. DRIGGS. I understood him to say at
the commencement of his speech that rio words
spoken or written can constitute treason. I
desire to ask him how it happens that Major
Andre was hung for having written words hid
in his boot when he was captured.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I am happy in
having a most easy answer at hand. I am
afraid my friend has forgotten a little of the his-
tory of this country or it would hare suggested
itself to his mind and saved him the trouble of
the question. The answer is, Andre was a
British subject and soldier, and his country
and our original Colonies were engaged'in war,
and he attempted as a spy to invade our lines
and obtain information for our enemy, and was
caught, tried, convicted, and executed as a
spy, and the right that was exercised upon him
was a right of war. And further, I say to the
gentleman, the Constitution of the United
States did not then exist.
Mr. DIIIGGS. Will the gentleman allow
me to finish the sentence? I know Major An-
dre was not executed for treason. But had
Arnold been captured would not his written
dispatches giving information how the forti-
fication might be taken have been regarded as
treason in the highest degree ?
Mr. KERR. That leads me simply to add j
this: that the crime of Andre was that of a
spy. _ He invaded our lines in disguise and
obtained and betrayed the secrets of our com-
manders, with the plans of the operations of
our army, to the enemy, and was captured and
convicted as a spy. The crime of Arnold was
that of infidelity of a military officer to his
country in the midst of war and of desertion
to the enemy, for which he might have been
shot down in the very act, or arrested, tried
by court-martial, and shot or hung.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I return to the question
about which I was speaking before. Mr. Brown
wrote this letter. I have read the material
part of the letter in the hearing of this House,
and will not read it again. It bears date the
18th of April, 1861. What did Mr. Brown
do on that day? Did he commit any act of
treason ? Did he commit any act of rebellion ?
Did he give any aid and comfort to the enemy
of his country? The record which is before
the House shows that on that same day—it
may be at the same hour he was penning that
letter—he was voting for a series of resolutions
then being adopted by a great Union mass
meeting in the city of Louisville, which reso-
lutions were in writing, and were just as much
his writing as was this letter—just as much his
act as is any act done by this House, the act of i
the gentleman who votes for it.
Now, what do those resolutions say? I will
read two of them:
"3. That as we oppose the oall of the President for
volunteers for the purpose of coercing the seceded
States, so we oppose the raising of troops in this
State to cooperate with the southern confederacy."
*•*«*•*•***
"4. That the present duty of Kentucky is to main-
tain her present independent position, taking sides
not with the Administration nor with the seceding
States, but with the Union against them both, declar-
ing her soil to be sacred from the hostile tread of
either, and, if necessary, to make the declaration
good with her strong right arm." j
The gentleman from Massachusetts says that
letter was written for the purpose of giving aid
and encouragement to young men to go into the
confederate army and to stay out of the Federal
army.
Let it be remembered that these two acts
had birth at the same instant of time. Let it
be remembered that they came from just the
same source and expressed the thoughts and
purposes and meaning and spirit of the same
person. How, then, can you undertake by dis-
torting the one to make it express the intent
and meaning of the man and deny him the
benefit of the other? He said to the same
men—to the young men and the old men of
Kentucky—he said to the world that he was
opposed to giving aid to either side, and
wanted Kentucky to maintain her position of
neutrality.
"With the Union against them both!" Was
that telling the young men to go into the con-
federate ranks and shun the Federal ranks ?
Now those resolutions expressed at the very
same time this letter was written what was the
intention, the meaning, and the purpose of Mr.
Brown, and they must be construed together;
they must be taken as a part of the same act.
What else did he do? He stood before five
thousand Union men in the city of Louisville,
Kentucky, and in terms of fervid and burning
eloquence he protested against despoiling that
glorious flag under which he stood of any of its
stars. He protested against the disruption of
this Union, alike against secession aud coer-
cion. And who stood by his side? Did he
stand in the midst of rebels? Did he stand in
the midst of men who have since gone into the
rebellion? He stood by the side of the stal-
warfcform of James Guthrie, one of the greatest
and purest and best men in this country, and j
now a Senator a£ the other end of the Capitol. ;
If, therefore, John Young Brown was at that
time a traitor, if what he did there was an act '
of rebellion, giving aid and comfort to the ene- !
mies of the country, so also did the acts of
James Guthrie and James Speed and Judge j
Bullock and men of that class, everyone Union
men, every one true and tried and faithful
defenders of the Union against her enemies,
both North and South.
Ah, but gentlemen say, and particularly the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabakger,]
who I regret is detained from his seat by ill-
ness, if those gentlemen did say so, if they did
talk in that way, it is the worse for them ; in
other words, if they talked in that way, they,
too, were traitors, they, too, were rebels, they,
too, were enemies of their country.
Mr. Speaker, without saying anything for
personal offense—for I protest that I mean no
such thing—it is not improper for me to refer
to the famous Duncan letter written by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stokes,] who now
has a seat upon this floor. It is not improper
for me also to refer to my loyal friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Anderson,] whom I esteem to
be just as loyal as any gentleman upon this
floor, and to say of those gentlemen that they
expressed just as vicious sentiments on this
subject as did John Young Brown. Mr. An-
derson was chairman of a meeting held at
Louisiana, Pike county, Missouri, on the 25lh
day of April, 1861, which was seven days after
the date of the Union meting at Louisville and
seven days after the date of the letter of John
Ycar.,1, lirowri. icat meeting was called to
indorse the action of Mr. Henderson, now a
Senator in Congress from the State of Missouri.
Mr. ANDERSON. Will the gentleman give
way to me for a moment?
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. ANDERSON. I desire to say, in refer-
ence to the meeting towhichthegentleman from
Indiana alludes, that the resolutions adopted
at that meeting were similar, I believe, to those
adopted at Louisville, Kentucky. They were
understood at the time to be the resolutions
of Mr. Crittenden and Mr. Guthrie, of Ken-
tucky. It is true that we in Missouri were
adopting a line of policy similar to that adopted
by the U nion men of Kentucky, and we intended
to interpret it as Mr. Crittenden, of Kentucky,
interpreted it. We, the loyal men, interpreted
it in this way: arms for Union men and neutral-
ity for rebels. John Young Brown, it seems,
interpreted it arms for rebels and neutrality for
Union men. And when the gentleman under-
takes to say that the case of Mr. Brown is par-
allel to my own, for the reason that I presided
at that meeting, it seems to me that he is wide
of the mark.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I said when I
made this reference that I intended no reflec-
tion upon those gentlemen. I hope my friend
from Missouri [Mr. Anderson] will not suffer
himself to become sensitive over it.
Mr. ANDERSON. Will the gentleman
yield to me for an inquiry?
Mr. KERR. I will yield for a question only.
Mr. ANDERSON. I desire to know if thia
proceeding, in which I am involved, is intended
in any manner to affect my contest before this
House for a seat?
Mr. KERR. It gives me very great pleasure
to say that, so far as the gentleman is con-
cerned, it is not with any desire or purpose, or
in any way the intention on my part, to preju-
dice him. And I say further to him that I do
not understand this question involves his case
at all, or I should not have referred to it. And
I say further that if his case were involved in
it, and his right to a seat here was based upon
the record to which I have referred, I should
vote for his admission. I hope the gentleman
is satisfied on that point. I meant him no
injustice.
Now, it is true, nevertheless, that these
gentlemen stood side by side—seven days apart,
Mr. Henderson and the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Anderson] seven days later than
the gentlemen from Kentucky—and expressed
the same sentiments. These sentiments must be
construed by this House according to the fair
and legal import and effect, and when the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Anderson] un-
dertakes to say that Mr. Brown put upon these
words one meaning and he another he will
pardon me for saying that in my judgment he
does Mr. Brown and himself injustice.
