1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
949
is it any great insult to ask him again to act ?
I do not know how it is that gentlemen on the
other side seem to be so much afraid of him,
that having asked him to do a thing once they
are loth to ask him again. He believes this
thing should be done; he has said so in his
message. He wants mors power. Now if this
isonlv surplusage, something like what we have
done or said already, can it do any harm to
ask him again. Sir, we are all comfortable;
we are eating and drinking and faring sump-
tuously, and swinging round the circlesof fash-
ionable frivolity, but do not seem to appreciate
the fact that one hundred American citizens,
unconvicted and charged with no crime, are
to-day pining in cold, damp British jails, badly
fed and poorly clothed, while 110 man is raising
a hand to liberate them, or a voice to comfort
them, or a cup of consolation to their quivering
lips.
Sir, I want to show that we are in earnest;
and I intend, God giving me strength, to press
this subject in ev«ry way and without cessa-
tion. If I do not succeed now you will hear
from me again, unless my voice or my health
fail me, as they have almost failed me to-day.
At the risk of both, however, I have advocated
and will continue to demand prompt and ener-
getic action ; and now, as it seems the general
desire, move the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. If the previous question is rejected
by the House will it not be in order then to
enter the motion to refer this matter to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs with instructions
to report at any time?
The SPEAKER. It will. The gentleman ,
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] has signified !
his intention to offer that motion in case the
previous question is not seconded.
Mr. WARD. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was put on -seconding the de-
mand for the previous question ; and there
were—ayes 30, noes 83. ■
Mr. ROBINSON, I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Banks
and Robixsox were appointed.
The House divided ; aad the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
■So tire House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. BANKS, I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and on that motion I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ROBINSON. I consider this death to
the whole thing, and I ask the yeas and nays
on the motion to refer.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to put a parlia-
mentary question to the Chair. It is this:
whether it will not be in the power of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, if after investigation
they think the facts justify it, to bring in a
proposition declaring war against Great Britain ?
Tlie SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary question.
Mr. ROBINSON.
rCries of "Order,"
The SPEAKER.
Boutwell, Broomall, Cake, Churchill, Coburn, Cook, 1
Covode,Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge,Driggs, Farns-
wortli, Ferrlssj Fields, Gartield, Griswold, Harding,
Hisby. Hooper. Hopkins, Chester D. llubhard, Hnl-
burd.Jenckes, Julian,Kelley.ICoontz, Laflin.Georste
V. Lawrence, Loan, Logan Lynch, Mallory, Marvin,
Mavnard, McClurg, Mercur, Miller, Moore, Moor-
hcad, Morrell, Mnllins, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Perham, Peters, Pike, Polsley, Price, Sawyer, Sco-
field, Spalding, Starkweather. Taffe, Taylor, Trim-
ble, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Henry D. Washburn, William li. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, William Williams, and James F.
Wilson—SO.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer.Beek. Boyer, Brooks, But-
ler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cornell, Eldridgc, Fox.Getz,
Golladay, Gravely, Ilaight.llolman, llumphrey.Hun-
ter. Johnson, Jones, Judd, Kerr, William Lawrence,
Mungen, Newcomb, Niblack, Phelps, Pile, Pruyn,
Randall, Robinson, Shanks, Smith, Stone, Taber,
Lawrencc S. Trimble, Van Auken, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, and Stephen F. Wilson—39.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Axtell, Bailey, Baldwin, Barnes,
Barnum, Benjamin, Blaine, Bromwell, Buekland,
Burr, Cary, Chandler, Reader W. Clarke, Donnelly,
Eekley, Eggleston. Ela, Eliot, Ferry, Finney, Gloss-
brenner, Grover, Halsey, Hawkins, Hill, Hotchkiss.
Asahel W. Hubbard. Richard D. Hubbard, Ingersoll,
Kelsey, Keteham, Kitchen, Knott, Lincoln. Lough-
ridge, Marshall. McCarthy, McCormick, McCullough,
Morgan, Morrissey, Nicholson, Nunn, Plants, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Raum, Robertson, Ross. Schenek,
Selye, Shellabarger, Sitgrcaves, Aaron F. Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens, Stewart, Stokes, Thomas, Van
Trump, Van U'yck, Welker, John T. Wilson, Win-
dom. Wood, Woodbridge, and Woodward—69.
So the resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was referred ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
At*d tfcsn, on motion of Mr. PILE, (at five
o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
Let me say one word.
"Order."]
Debate is not in order.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ROBINSON. I have demanded the
yeas and nays on the motion to refer.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eldridge
and Collom were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 27, noes 91.
So, one fifth voting therefor, the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on Mr. Banks's
motion ; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 80, nays 39, not voting 69 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Aines, Anderson, Arnell,
Baker, Banks, Beaman. Benton, Bingham, Blair,
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees;
By the SPEAKER: The petition of James
Galliher and 25 others, citizens of Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania, in favor of protection to
American labor and industry.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The claim of the estate
of H. K. Saugee, deceased, and also of H. P.
Saugee, against the United States.
By Mr. BECK: The memorial and petition
of 17 senators and 43 representatives in the
Legislature of Kentucky, praying Congress for
such modification of the present law in regard
to such reduction of the tax on distilled spirits
as will best protect the interest of western farm-
ers and distillers.
By Mr. BURR: A memorial of 500 voters
of Jerseyville, Illinois, asking more efficient
legislation for the protection of American citi-
zens abroad.
By Mr. CAKE : The petition of citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, entreating
Congress to pass a tariff bill that will give such
protection to the various branches of industry
as will enable us to compete with foreign rivals
until our industry is built up to a point where
these disadvantages will become more equal-
ized, when duties may be lowered again to
meet the progress in manufactures without in-
jury to American labor.
By Mr. COOK: The petition of naturalized
citizens of the United States, of foreign birth,
residents of St. Ann's, Kankakee county, Illi-
nois, asking for the passage of a law to protect
the rights of naturalized citizens of the United
States of foreign birth.
Also, the petitition of naturalized citizens
of the United States resident in Kankakee
county, Illinois, asking for the passage of an
act to declare and protect the rights of natural-
ized citizens of the United States in foreign
countries.
By Mr. DRIGGS: A memorial of Parvin
Wright, Luke Woodward, R. W. Hadson, and
Enoch Hoag, of the Society of Friends, asking
Congress to withhold money annuities to the
Indians, and in lieu thereof to give them agri-
cultural implements, to educate them, &e.
By Mr. GARFIELD : A memorial of citi-
zens of Youngstown, Ohio, for a change in the
internal revenue system.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Youngstown,
Ohio, for a change in the system of appoint-
ment and removal of public officers who collect
and disburse the revenue of the United States.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: A
memorial adopted by New England convention
of manufacturers, January 22, 1868, signed by
manufacturers engaged in the different branches
of industry, praying: 1. An entire revision of
the internal revenue laws and a reorganization
of the internal revenue department; 2. A
reduction of all expenditures to the limit re-
quired by a just and careful economy; and
3. A repeal of all taxes on raw materials and
manufactures, except articles of luxury.
Also, petition numerously signed by citizens
of the fourth congressional district of Massa-
chusetts, praying for legislative action for the
protection of American citizens against unjust
acts, of whatever foreign Power.
By Mr. HARDING: The petition to estab-
lish United States courts at Quincy, Illinois.
Also, the petition for a pension to Augustus
Butell, of Illinois.
By Mr. HOLBROOK: The petition of citi-
zens of Granite Creek, Idaho Territory, on the
rights of naturalized citizens.
By Mr. HOPKINS: The proceedings of a
large and enthusiastic meeting of the citizens
of Madison, Wisconsin, held January 25, 1868,
protesting against the treatment of our natu-
ralized citizens by the English Government,
and asking Congress to afford the same pro-
tection to naturalized citizens which native-
born citizens enjoy.
i By Mr. LA^VRENCE, of Pennsylvania:
Three petitions for certain mail routes in
; Greene county, Pennsylvania.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Law-
rence county, Pennsylvania, for change of rev-
enue laws and for the selection of a better
class of men to collect the revenues.
Also, the petition of James A. Anderson,
for increase of pension.
Also, the petition of Hampton Thompson,
of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, for a pension.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of citizens
of Portland, Maine, asking protection for
naturalized American citizens in foreign coun-
tries.
Also, the petition of citizens of Saco, Maine,
asking that the tax on manufactures be re-
pealed.
Also, the petition of citizens of Biddeford,
Maine, for same.
Also, the petition of citizens of Portland,
Maine, for same.
Also, the petition of citizens of Lewiston,
for same.
Also, the petition of late officers of volun-
teer forces, from the State of Maine, in ref-
erence to commutation for servants' hire.
By Mr. MARVIN: The petition of M. Mul-
larkey, and 425 others, citizens of Montgomery
11 county, New York, praying for congressional
I j action in reference to the treatment of natural-
[I ized American citizens in the kingdom of
i Great Britain.
By Mr. MILLER: A memorial of sundry
citizens of the county of Blair, Pennsylvania,
asking that a pension be granted to Mrs. Chris-
tine Kiosel, widow ofErastus Kinsel, deceased,
late a private of company A, one hundred and
twenty-fifth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers.
By Mr. MULLINS: The petition of A. J.
Steele, a citizen of Franklin county, Tennessee,
prayingfor remuneration for quartermaster and
commissary supplies taken and used by the Uni-
ted States Army in 1863.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Philadel-
phia manufacturers, for repeal of the tax on
manufactures of oil cloths and window shades.
By Mr. ORTH: The petition of John Web-
ster, for payment of materials furnished to
Botanic Garden.
By Mr. PERHAM: A memorial of John H.
Ellegood, for pension.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of George
€. Sewall and others, Fenians of Oldtown,
