950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Maine, in relation to the treatment of Amer-
ican naturalized citizens abroad.
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of Calvin Bil-
lings and 23 others, for repeal of laws requiring !
license for fishing.
Also, the petition of Abnev Coburn and
others, of Maine, for repeal of St. John and
St. Croix river bills.
Also, the petition of S. H. Talbot and 15
others, of East Machias, Maine, for same
object.
Also, the petition of B. W. Taner and 25
others, of Machias, Maine, for same object.
Also, the petition of G. W. Hayford and 30
others, of Cherryfield, Maine, for same object.
Also, the petition of G. R. Campbell and 20
others, of Cherryfield, Maine, for same object.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of citizens of
Clinton, asking that the city of Clinton, Iowa,
be created a port of entry.
By Mr. STEVENS, of New Hampshire:
The resolutions of a public meetingof adopted
citizens at Nashua, New Hampshire, in rela-
tion to the rights of naturalized citizens abroad.
By Mr. WARD: A large number of peti-
tions from the State of New York, asking a
repeal of the taxes on manufactures and pro- 1
ductions, except luxuries.
By Mr. WILSON, of Iowa: The petition of
Joseph Montgomery, of Crawfordsville, Iowa,
and late a private in company F, fifteenth reg-
iment Iowa volunteer infantry, praying for the
passage of an act granting him a pension.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: The
petition and accompanying affidavits of Daniel
Fuller, of Potter county, Pennsylvania, asking
for increase of pension.
I
papers withdrawn and referred. jj
The following papers were withdrawn from 1
the files of the House, and referred to the ap-
propriate committee: |!
By Mr. ARCHER: Papers relating to the j!
claim of George Armstrong. [ ■
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 4, 1808.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executia'e communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Commissioner of the
Bureau of Refugees, Free.dmen, and Aban-
doned Lands, communicating, in compliance
•with a resolution of the Senate of January 24,
1868, furtherinformationinrelation to the effect
of the issue of the circular letter discharging
the officers and agents of the bureau on the
15th of February; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also laid belore the Senate a letter from
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating
correspondence in relation to the payment of
interest to Cherokee Indians in North Carolina
under the act of July 29, 1848, and calling the
attention of Congress to the transfer of the
duty imposed by that act from the Treasury to
the Interior Department; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a message of
the President of the United States, transmit-
ting a report from the Secretary of State as
to the necessity for a further appropriation
toward defraying the expense of employing
copying clerks with a view to enable his De-
partment seasonably to answer certain calls
for information.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that that commu-
nication be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
a letter of C. H. Howard, assistant commis-
sioner of the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen,
and Abandoned Lands, in relation to the opin-
ion of Attorney General Jones, of the State of
Maryland, pronouncing void the decision of
the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States releasing apprentices bound
under the laws of Maryland ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
lie also presented a resolution of the select
and common councils of the city of Philadel-
phia, tendering the thanks of the city of Phil-
adelphia to the Senate of the United States for
restoring Hon. E. M. Stanton to the position
of Secretary of War; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. CRAGIN presented resolutions adopted
at a meeting of adopted citizens of Nashua,
New Hampshire, December 23, 1807, in rela-
tion to the naturalization laws of the United
States as expounded by the judicial authori-
ties of Great Britain, and the rights of Amer-
ican citizens in foreign countries; which were
referred to the Committee! on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. CRAGIN. I also present the petition
of William J. Hardin, Lewis H. Douglass,
Frederick Douglass, jr., and about one hundred
other colored citizens of the Territory of Col-
orado, asking for the admission of that Terri-
tory into the Union as a State. This petition
is very brief, and I beg leave to read it:
To the Honorable Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled:
Your petitioner;!, colored citizens of the Territory
of Colorado, would rospoetfully represent that since
the passago of the law of Congress enfranchising our
people in the Territories, we have fully and freely
anil without molestation exercised the elective fran-
chise in this Territory; and we have full confidence
that if the State of Colorado be admitted into the
Union under the bill now pending before Congress
imposing the condition of impartial suffrage as a part
of the act of admission, that said condition would be
faithfully observed and our rights secured.
That we believe the cause of equal rights, the in-
terest of the people of this Territory and tho General
Government, would be subserved by the immediate
admission of the State of Colorado into the Union ;
and therefore we respectfully ask for the passage of
said bill, and, as in duty bound, we will ever pray.
As the Committee on Territories have re-
ported a bill upon this subject, I move that the
petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Alabama, praying the re-
moval of the civil disabilities imposed on
Benjamin Gardner by acts of Congress ; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of me-
chanics and other laboring men of Boston,
Massachusetts, Ovid, Michigan, Portsmouth
navy-yard, New Hampshire, McGregor, Iowa,
and Hartfoi d, Connecticut, praying the pas-
sage of a lavv making eight hours a day's work
in all Government workshops ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON presented resolutions
adopted at a meeting in St. Louis concerning
prisoners executed at Manchester, England ;
which were referred to the Committee oil
Foreign Relations.
Mr. CONNESS presented resolutions of the
Legislature of California, in favor of the sur-
vey of the mouth of Eel river in that State;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of Caro-
line E. Thomas, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. NYE presented a memorial of John
Golding and W. W. Vanderbilt, praying the
passage of a law making it obligatory on ves-
sels to carry a reasonable number of mattresses
known as " Golding's life-saving mattress and
raft;;' which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
He also presented resolutions adopted at a
meeting of citizens of the District of Columbia
on the 10th of January in relation to the rights
of American citizens in foreign countries;
which were referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of the
Society of Friends of Ohio, Indiana, and Iowa,
praying a liberal and humane policy toward the
Indians; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HEN DERSON presented a letter of A.
Alderson, addressed to himself, in relation to
the destitution of a portion of the people of the
State of Mississippi; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. POMEllOY presented a petition of
Willard W. Glazier, praying that he may be
allowed the difference of pay between a second
lieutenant and a sergeant from the 17th day of
August, 1863, to the 9th day of January, 1865;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
improvement of new york harbor.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to tho Senate an estimate of the ex-
pense of removing tho three reefs known as Battery
reef. Diamond reef, and Coeuties reef, in tho East
river, Now York harbor.
bills introduced.
Mr. CATTELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 98) for the promotion of
certain commodores on the retired list to rear
admirals on the retired list of the Navy;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
reports of committees.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of
William C. Anderson, of Missouri, praying
the passage of an act authorizing the settle-
ment on principles of equity of the accounts
of William C. Anderson, sr., deceased, late
pension agent at St. Louis, Missouri, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was agreed to.
protection of parties and witnesses.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Committee
on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 300) for the protection in certain cases
of persons making disclosures as parties or
testifying as witnesses, have had the same
under consideration, and directed me to report
it back and recommend its passage. I ask
unanimous consent for its present considera-
tion. 1 think it will give rise to no debate.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that no answer or pleading of any party,
and no discovery or evidence obt lined by means
of any judicial proceeding from any party or
witness in this or any foreign country, shall be
given in evidence, or in any mannerused against
such party or witness, or his property or estate,
in any court of the United States, or in any
proceeding by or before any officer of the L'ni-
ted States, in respect to any crime, or for the
enforcement of any penalty or forfeiture by
reason of any act or omission of such party or
witness. This is not to be construed to exempt
any party or witness from prosecution and pun-
ishment for perjury committed by him in dis-
covering or testi lying. The act is to take effect
from its passage, and to apply to all pending
proceedings, as well as to those hereafter insti-
tuted.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The object of
the bill is to relieve parties in making disclos-
ures and witnesses in testifying from subject-
ing themselves to forfeitures and penalties.
The Government find it necessary that some
such bill should be passed, as where they seek
to have a disclosure parties plead the fact that
it will subject them to forfeitures and penalties,
and so the Government are deprived from
getting such evidence as it is essential for them
to have. It only applies to the courts of the
United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. Perhaps I do not un-
derstand the bill as it was read at the desk, but
I it strikes me as being a bill of some little im-
