952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
that it' the bill was laid over I would try to |
obtain information oil the subject. I have in
in." hand a letter from the Secretary of State
making a full statement with regard to the
agents in his service and the necessity of the
continuance of what is known as the secret-
service fund. 1 will send it to the (Jliair and
ask that it be read ; and the Senate will find
in the letter the names of tlie agents who have
been employed for several years past and also
the sums paid annually to all of them.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Department of pf.nr, _
Washington, nutiti 1, 1S68.
Sib: I have received your noto of this dat© arid I
h&ston to give you tho intoriuatiou desired, feuico
the -till ot Marcb. lriol.theie have I>l'V11 employed by
this l>epartnni>t 111 lei etgii count lies, ou.-i-ecialemer-
gencies and lor short penods, twenty-two special
agents in all. .
l'he countries to which they were sent,or in which
tliev were employed, were Canada, Mexico, Gieat
Britain, especially Loudon mid Ui\erpool, the Sand-
wich islands, iiollaud nud ilelgium, i iiiuee, Home,
ltab . Greece, pi, luikej, l'i ussia, Colombia, the
Wc-t Indies, and Syria.
The uaines of the agents were George Ashmun,
Esij.; Kdward ii. Plumb, Ksq.; Commander William
M. W alker, now deceased; Bishop C. 1*. Mcllvjiae;
Archbi?tiop John_ Ungues; Thurlow Weed, E>q,;
Major General Guisseppi G.tribaldi; Ayorib Trabul-
ske; George Harrington, Esq.; Samuel li. Huggles,
; Aristarchus Az.mau; Alexander U. £ciiultz,
Ksq., now deceased: J- Uancrolt l>avis, Ksq.; Colonel
James B. Mckean: Colonel Spalding; Major Gen-
eral Dauiel K. Sickles; Major General Sehotield;
Brigadier General George 11. Sliarpe; Key. Charles
llawley ; R. Van Yalkenburg; 1L. J. Hastings ; Kev.
\V. 11. Bidwell.
The expenses of these special agcncies in the year
18ul was S22,8ol 66 1
IS.;-'    l,sHi 65
ltW M 
3564  I.fu0 00
ISoo  6,bl!S id
1S06  -.-"''"J 10
1807 •••  3,-180 40
The aggregate expenses for seven years were
$11,103 41. ,
In regard to a limitation of the number of such
agents in future, I can only say that 1 am not now
anticipating an emergency calling for even a single
appointment. In the conduct ol the international
aBairs, however, extended throughout tho world, as
ours arc, emergencies may occur in which a limita-
tion would prove inconvenient.
Kecumog to the dark period of 1861,1 think that
if the Government could have sent to Kngland and
1'rance at the beginning of the year the same five
persons who were sent at a later period in tho same
year, the machinations by which the rebels obtained
arc cognition of belligerent rights, and thereby ob-
tained equal advantages with tho United States,
might probably have beendeteated. It is impossible
to estimate the injury which the United States sus-
tained by that recognition.
I should do violence to the most generous senti-
ments of my nature if 1 did not, on this occasion.pay
a tribute ot sincere thanks to the several agents, as
well the living as the dead, whom I have named. In
looking back to the transactions in which those
agents were concerned, I tind reason to believe that,
making due and just allowance to all others who
participated in the defense of tho great cause, yet
the national life might have been lost but for the ser-
vices which were rendered by these individuals in
the emergencies in which they were employed. It is
due to all ot them also to say that I believe that not
one of these agents saved a dollar to himself out of
the money paid, which was simply an indemnity lor
the expenses actually incurred.
In the list I have given you I have supposed that
your inquiry does not embrace the case of lawyers
who have been from time to time employed in for-
eign tribunals in litigations involving the rights of
the Government or the rights or liberties of citizens
of the United States.
If those lawyers were deemed special agents the
catalogue and the expenditure herein given would
be largely increased.
I do not think that the employment of executive
agents for special emergencies can be wisely limited
to members of the legal profession either at home or
abroad. The people ot the United States are justly
sensitive upon the point of having protection ex-
tended over them by their Govcrnmentin their trav-
els and commerce in foreign countries. Rumored
injustice or violence suflered by any one of the citi-
zens of the United States abroad always properly
awakens a deep concern throughout the whole Amer-
ican people. .Naturalized and native-born citizens
are continually diffusing themselves^ throughout the
civilized States of America and Europe, and the
semi-barbarian and pagan nations of the East. This
llepartment is continually receiving and investigat-
ing thei* complaints of denial or violation of their
just rights and privileges as citizens of the United
States. In seasons of war or revolution in civilized
nations citizens of the United States complain that
their neutrality and nationality are violated by arbi-
trary duress by revolutionary tribunals, by illegal
taxes and conscriptions ami oppressive laws. Ruin
and distress overtake enterprising Americans in
many places, and they present urgent appeals for
 ympathy and aid. Merchant vessels driven on the
coasts of Formosa and Corea in distress are destroyed
and their passengers and crews, citizens of the Um- j
ted States, are murdered by savages. National pro-
tection ia often required iu such emergencies when
regular diplomatic or consular agents are absent or
tempoiarilv disabled by sickness, or when no such
agencies are constituted or liin'nlaiiied by law. Mis-
sionaries from the United States penetrate nil foreign
countries, exposing their lu'eswith no other guar-
antee of gafctv than the prestige of the executive
authority of the United States. Tile danger awakens
deep sensibility among all elasscs of our Christian
eountiy, and tliey resort at once to the Lxeeuti\e
for redre««.
For these reasons I am of opinion that any abridge-
ment of tho executive lunetious or authority in for-
eign countries would be now moro than ever incon-
venient and injurious to the public welfare.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
William 11. skwakd.
Hon. Charles Sumner.
Mr. SUMNER. In addition to the state-
ments of that letter 1 desire to call attention
to the pecular circumstances that have existed
during the last year or two arising from the
trials of persona known as Fenians. Agents,
I understand from the State Department, have
been employed at the expense of this very
fund which is now in question to defend per-
sons in those trials. Such trials have occurred,
as the Senate well knows, iu Canada, and also
latterly in Ireland and iu England, and the
State Department, I believe, lias undertaken
to defend in those cases. The fees at times
have been very considerable, beyond what was
anticipated, reminding one of the phrases in ;
the early history of the English law, where the i
receipts of the profession are spoken of as
" flowing fees.'' I understand they have been
; very large, and those have been defrayed out
of this very fund. j
Besides "that, sir, during the war there were 1
professional agents, some of them very emi-
nent, employed to visit England particularly to
look after the interests of our people there and
to prevent the issue of the rams from the ports
of England. Among the gentlemen thus em-
ployed was Mr. Evarts. None of those gentle-
men received any considerable compensation,
but I believe they were paid their necessary
expenses.
But besides that there is a constant incident
to the administration of our foreign affairs in
the distribution of our dispatches. There is a
series of agents to which the Secretary has not
referred in that letter, to which I now beg to
i call attention from a document that 1 hold in
my hand. It is entitled, "Disbursements of
the Contingent Fund of the State Department—
j Letter from the acting Secretary of State,
| transmitting a statement of disbursements of
:! the contingent fund of the State Department,
for the year ending June 30, 1865 and here
is a list of persons employed in different ways
as agents. I may say that there is a dispatch
; agent in London, to whom all the dispatches of
the United States in the first place are addressed,
' and he receives the dispatch bag, opens it, and
then distributes the dispatches to their respect-
ive addresses, it may be to Paris, or Madrid,
or Rome, or Vienna, or Petersburg; also to
, the minor places, as to. consuls. Thenathome
, there are other dispatch agents, one in Bos-
■' ton, and one or more in New York.
! Now, to come to the document to which I
j' have called attention I find these names:
Oscar Irving, dispatch agent 
1 Jonathan Emory, dispatch agent 
. i
..$1,365
.. 575
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does it state the places
where they are located?
Mr. SUMNER. No; but I can supply that
information. Mr. Irving is of New York, and
Mr. Emory of Boston. Then comes Thomas
Taylor, dispatch agent; I do not know where
he is, but my friend [Mr. Nyi:] says of New
York. Then, again, Edgar Irving, dispakrh
agent. I presume that he is at New York also.
Mr. FESSENDEX. Perhaps these different
persons have been employed at different times
during the year.
Mr. SUMNER. Thatdoes not appear. They
are in the same list, in the list for the year.
Then there is J. C. Derby, dispatch agent.
He also is in New York. A Senator asks me
if he is not a Buffalo man. He was originally,
I believe, of Buffalo, and then afterward a
clerk in the Department of State, but latterly
a dispatch agent sitnated in New York. I find
Mr. Derby's name also a second time, and Sir.
Emory's name a second'time on the list.
Now, we come to the practical question
whether there is any evidence before I he Sen-
ate which will lead them to change the stand"
ing usage on this subject. I confess that I
have not found it. The letter of the Secretary
of State, so far as it goes, is very full. Then
we have those additional names which I have
now introduced, all showing that there in oc-
casion for the services of agents in connection
with our foreign relations, and I am unwilling
under the circumstances at this time to cut
this off. I do not see the necessity for doing
so, and I think my friend from New Hamp-
shire, who lias this bill in charge, would do
better—he will excuse me for making the sug-
gestion—if he confined the operation of his bill
to home agents, those who are to act here as
the agents of Departments in the administra-
tion of the home affairs of the Government. I
believe that in undertaking to interfere with
these foreign agencies you will make a mis-
take. Y'ou will deprive the Department of a
power that it now has which I believe has
always been used beneficently, so far a? we
know anything about it, from the beginning
of the Government.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
ask the Senator if he will not allow us to take a
vote on this matter. He has made an impress-
ive speech, and I am willing to leave the quea-
' tion to the vote of the Senate,
j Mr. SUMNER. The Senator makes a pe-
culiar appeal to me. I did not intend to in-
trude upon the Senate or the Senator.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
simply make the remark because the morning
hour has nearly expired.
Mr. SUMNJBR. I hope the Senator will
pardon me. I felt that it was my duty to
make the plain statement that I have. If I
have impressed my friend that will be so much
' clear gain, for I did not expect to do it.
Mr. C0NNESS. The effect of the Sena-
tor's speech on my own mind is, that there are
altogether too many agents at New Y'ork to
take care of the dispatch bag, and I think the
I bill ought to be passed as it stands.
I Mr. BUCIvALE W. I desire to make a sin-
| gle remark without going into the argument;
and it is this: onr remedy for any abuse by
the Department of State is to limit our appro-
priations. Last year we cut down the appro-
priation for miscellaneous purposes of that
Department very largely. When we confine
the Department within a small appropriation,
i j I think we ought to leave the ordinary discre-
i tion which has been exercised by that Depart-
I ment in reference to the appointment of these
i agents.
I' Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
I' wish simply to say that I have had put in my
II hand this morning a statement that the agencies
!| of the foreign office of the British Government
| have all been set aside. I can state also that
| one of the agents of whom the Senator from
11 Massachusetts has spoken, who was sent abroad
11 by the State Department during the war,
charged $10,000 for his services, which the
Secretary of State refused to pay, and there
was quite a contest between hitn and the Sec-
retary as to his remuneration.
Mr. SUMNER. Give his name. Who
was he?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
prefer not to do so.
Mr. JOHNSON. How much was he paid?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
do not know; but I know there was quite a
controversy as to liovv much he should receive.
He charged $10,000 for his services.
Mr. ANTHONY. But I understand that
the Secretary of State in his communication
says that no part of the money has been paid
for their services, but only to indemnify tliem
for their actual expenses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion ia on the amendment offered by the Sen-
