1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
958
ntor from Massachusetts to the amendment of j
the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. I should like to make
an inquiry, and that is. how it happens that so
nnuh money i/or it seems there has been a
very large amount) has been expended in the
employment of counsel? I should like to know
■whether it is the practice of the State Depart-
ment, whenever a person who is one of our
citizens is indicted for an offense against the
laws of another country, to impose upon this
Government the expense of employing counsc-1
to defend him. I have known several cases
in which the friends of persons indicted for
offenses abroad have raised money and em-
ployed counsel to defend them. 1 did not know
before that it had got to be a practice—if so. it
is a very pernicious one, and I do not see why
it should be imposed upon the Government—
to employ counsel to defend persons who may
happen to be indicted for crime in a foreign
country, offenses against the laws of that coun-
try ; and I do not know how far this is carried.
I cannot make a distinction between one crime
and another. If we leave a person who is a
citizen of the United States, who has commit-
ted one kind of crime, to be tried by the courts
of a foreign country for an offense against its
laws, I do not see why we should not carry it
out in all cases, or why we should make a dis-
tinction between one case and another. But I
should like to know how far this has gone or is
going, because, if that is the practice, it is cer-
tainly one which we cannot sanction, that the
Government is to be at the expense of defend-
ing everybody who goes abroad and commits
an offense against the laws of a foreign coun-
try. If that is the case I should think it quite
necessary to limit the matter in some way.
As to these dispatch agents, as there are no
more of them employed than are necessary to
conduct the business the result is, of course,
there must be some of them left, because that
business is a very great saving as at present
conducted. Otherwise we should have to send
a special courier across the Atlantic with every
important communication, whereas now it is
done at very trifling expense by having agents
at different points to see that dispatches are
properly sent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday is before the Senate, upon
which the Senatorfrom Oregon [Mr. Williams]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
ask the gentleman from Oregon if he will not
give way to allow us to come to a vote on this
bill?
Mr. SUMNER. There must be some debate
on it.
Mr. CAMERON. I should like to say a few
words on this subject. I have some names that
I desire to present to the Senate.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is very evident that a
vote cannot be reached without a protracted
discussion, and after I am through the bill can
be called up again.
The PRESIDENT/>ro tempore. It can only
be considered now by common consent.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
move that this bill be postponed until after the
Senator from Oregon makes his speech.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is already
postponed. It will have to be called up again
before a motion can be submitted in regard
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
move that it be taken up at that time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion cannot be made because the bill is not
now pending before the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Oregon
surely will give way for such a motion.
Mr. WILLTAMS. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, with the consent of
the Senator from Oregon. I move to take up
for consideration the bill that has just been
considered for the purpose of fixing a time for
its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, I move that it be
made the special order after the Senator from
Oregon' shall have concluded his speech.
Mr. SUMNElt. I will inquire simply whether
•that motion is in order. I do not undertake to
say whether it is or not; but certainly it is suffi-
ciently doubtful in my mind to justify the
inquiry.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To make
a special order requires a vote of two thirds
of the Senate under the rule.
Mr. CONNESS. Nearly all of the busi-
ness of this body is done by consent. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts is mak-
ing a contest against this bill, which is not con-
sistent with the claims that he frequently makes
as a Senator upon the indulgence of the body.
Unless he desires to invite on other occasions
just such proceedings as he is now taking I
think they had better be desisted from, and let
us proceed according to what is the common
practice of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. It was because I thought the
motion of the Senator was not according to the
common practice of the Senate that I felt it my
duty to make the inquiry that I did. I believe
that a bill may be made a special order at a par-
ticular time, but I believe unfinished business is
always in order unless there should be a special
order made for a particular time, and then I
am not sure that the unfinished business would
not continue against it. I am not aware that
a bill can be made a special order limited upon 1
the speech of a Senator. It may be that it j
can be. I simply make the inquiry in order to
understand the rules of the Senate. I have
no desire to postpone the consideration of the
measure. I am ready to vote upon it now.
If I can have a minute or two to remark on
something that fell from the Senator from New
Hampshire that is all I ask. I do not wish
further time.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to suggest
to the Senator from California to modify his
motion in this wise: to postpone this bill until
after the Senator from Oregon shall have con-
cluded his remarks.
Mr. CONNESS. That was my motion.
Mr. CONKLING. Not to make it a special
order, but to postpone simply.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On reflec-
tion, the Chair will state that the motion is not
in order. The rules of order fix times definite
or indefinite, but not depending on such con-
tingencies aS a speech. It would be in order
to move to postpone it until to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. I will now change my
motion, and move to make it the order for
three o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that.
I wish the Senator from California to under-
stand me. I have no objection to any such
motion, and in making the inquiry I did I was
governed simply by a desire that the rules of
the Senate should not be departed from.
Mr. CONNESS. We know that the Sen-
ator always keeps that in view.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to my friend,
as there seems to be a general understanding
among Senators that it is desirable to finish
this bill, that it is probable that any other gen-
tleman who gets the floor after my friend
from Oregon has finished will give way and
consent to speak in the morning and let this
bill be brought up at that time.
Mr. CONNESS. That can be accommo-
1} dated, even if this motion be adopted. There
\ will be no trouble about that.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion itself re-
i' quires a vote of two thirds.
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Theques-
i tion before the Senate is on postponing the bill
t until three o'clock.
11 The motion was agreed to.
11 SUPPLEMENTARY RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
i! The Senate resumed the consideration of the
II bill (H. R. No. 489) additional and supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to provide
for the more efficient government of the rebel
States," passed March 2, 1867, and to the acts
supplementary thereto, the pending question
being on the motion of Mr. Doolitti.e. to refer
the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with instructions.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, on the 4th
day of last February I introduced into the Sen-
ate the so-called military reconstruction hill,
and although I had charge of the bill while it
was pending here I did not say one word in
favor of its passage, because expeditious action
by Congress at that time was deemed neces-
sary. I hope, therefore, that I may be par-
doned if I now tax the patience of the Senate
with a brief discussion of the constitutionality
of the reconstruction acts of Congress.
People everywhere are divided upon this
question. Some denounce these acts as wholly
unwarranted by the Constitution, while others
claim with equal confidence and zeal that they
are necessary and rightful legislation. No
argument unfavorable to the validity of these
acts can be derived from this difference of
opinion, for it is a difference that has existed
as to all the measures of Congress for the sup-
pression of the rebellion from the beginning
of the war down to the present time. When
the rebellion was organized there was a large
number of persons in the country who took
the ground that the General Government had
no constitutional power to coerce a State into
submission to its authority, and they filled the
land with a clamor to that effect. Buchanan's
Attorney General advised the Administration
to which he belonged that the Constitution
conferred upon Congress no power to coerce a
State; and the same distinguished individual
is now conspicuous in advising the executive
and judicial departments of the Government
that the reconstruction acts of Congress are
unconstitutional. The popular clamor, there-
fore, that is poured into our ears as to the
unconstitutionality of the reconstruction acts,
proves no more than the same sort of clamor
did as to the unconstitutionality of these acts
that were adopted for the suppression of the
I rebellion. Indeed, sir, the present is but a
i continuation of the clamor that was raised when
| the rebel guns were turned upon Fort Sumter,
and with some exceptions it is made by iden-
tically the same men. The men whose opinions,
if they had been adopted, would confessedly
have proved the destruction of this nation, as
it seems to me, are not now very safe guides
to follow.
I assume, what I suppose no Senator will
controvert, that the Constitution confers upon
Congress the power to suppress a rebellion, and
that it also confers upon Congress the right to
use those means that are necessary and proper
to execute that power. When eleven of the
slaveholding States combined to divide and de-
stroy the Union they certainly did constitute a
rebellion. To give that rebellion success each
one of these States formed a government in-
dependent of the Constitution of the United
States, and over these they placed a confederate
government in open hostility to the Govern-
ment of the Union. Is it not perfectly clear
that the purpose of these States was to create
within the original jurisdiction of the United
States a nationality as foreign to and distinct
from the American Union as France is distinct
from the empire of Great Britain?
What were the purposes of the General Gov-
ernment? One was to overthrow and remove
these rebel State governments, and the other
was to replace them with governments that were
in harmony with and in subordination to the
Constitution of the United States. Both of
these objects were equally necessary to insure
complete success to the Government of the
Union, and both were equally constitutional.
War accomplished the one purpose; war de-
molished and removed the rebel State govern-
ments; and the object of the reconstruction
acts of Congress is to put in the place of the
rebel governments so removed governments
that are loyal to the LTnion and republican in
