954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
form. I affirm that it was the constitutional
and inevitable effect of the success of the Union
cause in the late struggle to reduce those Stales
that were arrayed in hostility to the Federal
Union to the condition of conquered States,
and that in such condition they had no claims
whatever, constitutional or otherwise, that did
not appeal to ihe magnanimity and moderation
of the conquerors.
Let it not. be forgotten, Mr. President, that
this rebellion was no combination of indi-
viduals, each one acting upon his own respon-
sibility, it was no unlawful assembly of mad-
dened and excited men ; no mere mob ; but it
was a combination of States. When this
nation was convulsed from its center to its
circumference by the convulsions of civil war
it was because great political bodies were in
motion, shot madly from their spheres, and
came together in armed collision. Sir, these
rebel communities weut into the rebellion as
States, they fought as States, they were de-
feated as States, and as States they became
and are prostrate and powerless in the hands of
those by whom they were conquered; and the
only claims which they have are upon the
clemency and kindness of those who triumphed
in that struggle. When discussion arose at
the breaking out of the rebellion it was ob-
jected by Buchanan's Administration that the
Federal Government had no power to act be-
cause States were arrayed against the Federal
Government; but now it suits the convenience
and purposes of the same individuals to claim
that this gigantic rebellion was a conflict be-
tween individuals, to be followed by no other
consequences, political or legal, except that
each person coucerned may be brought before a
court of justice and prosecuted and punished
as an individual criminal. To show that this
view of the subject is sustained by authority
I invite the attention of the Senate to the
decision of the Supreme Court made in the
case of the Brilliante, reported in the second
volume of Black's Reports, page 072, in which
the court say:
"Hence, in organizing this rebellion they have
acted og estates, claiming to bo sovereign over all
peisons and property witnin their respective limits,
and asserting their right to absolve their citizens
from their allegiance to the Federal Government.
Several of these States have combined to form anew
contederacy, claiming to be acknowledged by the
world as a sovereign State."
So that the Supreme Court of the United
States have affirmed the doctrine which I main-
tain and declared that the South went into the
late struggle as States. Independent of any
precedents or authorities, it would seem to be
the dictate of common sense that when a State
repudiates the Constitution and denies its juris-
diction and obligations, such a State could not
at the same time claim the privileges and bene-
fits conferred by the Constitution. Taking the
ground of the ultra States rights men, that the
Constitution is a mere compact between sov-
ereign States, and according to the admitted
principles of law it would follow that if one State
violated the compact it thereby forfeits all claim
to the advantage or benefit under the broken and
rejected compact. Is it not unreasonable to
say that the State of South Carolina, after it
had declared itself absolved from all allegiance
to the Constitution of the United States and
expended its utmost euergies to maintain that
declaration, has precisely the same rights under
the Constitution that the State of New York
has, that not only maintained its allegiance
but poured out its blood and treasure like
water to maintain the rightful jurisdiction of
the Union? Sir, is there any Jaw of God or
mau that sanctions such an absurdity?
.Much bitter denunciation is heaped upon
the reconstruction acts of Congress, because,
as it is alleged, they ignore the constitutional
rights of the revolted States, and because, as 1
it is said, they assume that those States are :
not entitled to the great rights of Magna Charta,
to the right of trial by jury, and the privilege of
the writ ot' habeas corpus.
Numerous acts of Congress may be cited
to show that the legislative department of the
Government assumed at the beginning of the
rebellion and since that time has adhered to
the assumption that, in consequence of the
war waged upon the Federal Union by the
rebel States, they lost or forfeited their con-
stitutional rights. Sir, to send an army into
j those States to devastate the country, to de-
stroy property, and to kill the people is an act
which utterly ignores their right to any pro-
tection of life, liberty, or property under the
Constitution of the United States. Take the
confiscation act as an example. A law is en-
acted by which the property of a certain class
of individuals is subjected to seizure by the
public authorities without any right of trial by
jury; and of course that law proceeds upon
the ground that those upon whom it is to oper-
ate have no right to protection under the Con-
stitution. I refer upon this question to the
deliberate judgment of the Senate, as indi-
cated by a resolution to which the Senator from
Indiana referred the other day, and I will read
that resolution and the vote upon it. On the
1st day of July, 1804, the Senate of the United
States adopted this resolution:
"That when the inhabitants of any State haTebeen
declared in a stateof insurrection against the United
States by proclamation of the President by forco and
virtue of the net entitled 'An act further to provide
for the collection of duties on imports, and for other
purposes.' approved July 13,18(il, they shall bo, and
are hereby, declared to be incapable of casting any
vote for electors of President or Vice President of the
United States, or of electing Senators or Represent-
atives in Congress until said insurrection in said^tate
is suppressed or abandoned, and said inhabitants
have returned to their obedience to the Government
of the United States, nor until such return to obe-
dience shall be declared by proclamation of the Pres-
ident, issued by virtno of an act of Congress here-
after to be passed, authorizing tho same."
And all the Senators, including the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Hexdricks] and the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] voted
in favor of the passage of that resolution.
There were only three nays recorded against
its passage.
Now, sir, this resolution declares that these
States at that day had no right of representa-
tion in Congress. I desire to ask the honor-
able Senator from Indiana what constitutional
rights, in his judgment, these States had when
he voted to declare that they had no right of
representation in Congress? 1 ask what con-
stitutional rights, in his judgment, these States
had when he voted not only that they had no
right of representation in Congress, but that
they could not exercise any such right in
consequence of their rebellion until Congress
should pass a law to that effect? The honor-
able Senator the other day made } very remark-
able representation in reference to the passage
of this resolution. I will read what he said
upon the subject:
"It is my duty to notice as I am passing along, to
use the language of the President, the reference that
my colleague made to a vote given by the distin-
guished Senator from Wisconsin; and as I voted with
the Senator from Wisconsin I think my name is kept
back simply with a view of bringing that up in judg-
ment against me. Senators will recollect that my
colleague read from the Journal the action of tho
Senate on what was known as the Winter Davis bill.
When that bill came into this body Mr. Brown, then
a Senator from Missouri, offered an amendment
changing it very much. I was opposed to bothjbills;
first, to the House bill, because 1 then held, as I now
hold, that the Congress of the United States cannot
clothe the people of a State with the power to make
a State government. That authority is with the
people themselves after the State has been once ad-
mitted into the Union. Mr. Brown offered an amend-
ment, and the question with uieand the Senator from
Wisconsin was the ordinary question of deciding
between tho original proposition, which yon are op-
posed to, and an amendment which you also oppose.
So I voted for the amendment, as the Senator from
Wisconsin and many others voted for it, and it
carried."
The statement which the honorable Senator
made is altogether true; but he did not state
the whole history of that proposition; and I
beg to read to the Senate what occurred at the
time that resolution was passed. True, when
the amendment was proposed by the Senator
from Missouri, Mr. Brown, the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana did vote for the amendment,
and the Senate was about equally divided upon
its adoption, seventeen voting for it and six-
teen against it; but, sir, after the amendment
was adopted the following occurred in the
Senate:
" So the amendment was concurred in.
"The am"iidtnent was ordered to bo engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read
the third time.
"Mr. Trumbull. I desire to have tho yeas and
nays on the pa-wage of the bill. I want to have a
distinct vote on the proposition ib-elf, not antag-
onized with anything else, and see what the sense #f
the Senate is on the pioposition.
"Mr. Brown. We have just had it on the same
proposition.
"Mr. Trumbull. Then it was antagonized to tho
original bill as an amendment. I want it by itself
to see what the sense of tho Senate is in reference to
the measure, and not as a substitute for anything;
else. I ask for the yeas and nays.
"Th e yeas and nays were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 3; as follows:
"Yeas—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Conness, Doo-
little, Grimes, Hale, llarlau, Harris, Henderson,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of K.insas, Mc-
Dougall, Morgan, Poineroy, Ham^ey. ltiddlc. Sher-
man, Sprngue, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—J(3.
"Nays—.Messrs.Davis, Powell, andSaulsbury—3."
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator is mak-
ing a statement of the position I assumed on
that question, I desire to call his attention to
the fact that he omits apart of the view I took
the other day. 1 not only said that while the
measure was antagonized by the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. Brown) to
the bill of the House, I had the right, although
not in favor of the amendment, to vote for it
as an antagonistic measure to the bill that I
opposed, but also when the amendment should
be adopted by the Senate we would have had
a right strictly to vote for the araendmeut as
agreed to by the Senate as still a measure in
antagonism to the bill of the House ; aud I
wHl read what I said. After quoting the lan-
guage of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
on that occasion, I said :
"That' miserable dodge,' ' that negation,' is what
I voted for. I would vote to dodgo any such bill as
that which caraefiom the House of Representatives,
and so might the Senator from Wisconsin; and whon
tlie bill was thus amended it would have been proper
for us to vote for the amendment as a measure an-
tagonistic to the measure Irom the House, being
opposed to the House bill."
I will say to the Senator that if he will look
further into this record he will see that when
the amendment of the Senate went to the
House of Representatives the House disagreed
to the Senate amendment, and then it came
back into this body, and I voted with the Sen-
ate still. He will lind tny vote affirmatively
to stand by the amendment of the Senate as
opposed to the House bill, because 1 regarded
it as antagonistic.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When an amendment is
proposed in the Senate, it seems to me that a
Senator can choose between the proposed
amendment and the original bill without com-
mitting himsell as to the question involved; but
when the amendment is adopted and the bill
is put upon its final passage I suppose that
the record of the yeas exhibits the opinion of
those who are in favor of the passage of the
bill. That is the ordinary construction of such
a record, and that is the way in which it will
be understood by people not acquainted with
the tactics of parliamentary proceeding. But,
sir, 1 beg to invite the attention of the Senate
to another record which is not susceptible of
misconstruction. On the 8th day of February,
1865, the Congress of the United States adopted
the following resolution:
" Whereas the inhabitants and local authorities of
the States of Virginia, North Carolina. South Caro-
lina,Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississipi, Louisi-
ana, Textis, Arkansas, and Tenucssee rebelled against
the Government of the United States, and were in
such condition on.the 8th day of November, 1864,
that no valid election for electors of President and
Vice President of the United States, according to the
Constitution and laws thereof, was held therein on
said day: Therefore,
^ Beit resolved by the Senate and Howteof Reprttent-
atives of the United^States of America in Congrest ai-
iemmedj That the States mentioned in the preamble
to this joint resolution are not entitled to represent-
ation in the Electoral College lor the choice of Pres-
ident and Vice President of the United States for th®
term of office commencing on tho 4th day of March.
loo5; and no electoral votes shall be received or
counted lrom said States concerning the choi •© of
President and Vice President for said term of office."
I find, by referring to page 505 of Part I. of
The Congressional Globe of the second session
