186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
of the Thirty-Eighth Congress, that upon the
adopt ion oi that joint resolution the vote stood
as follows:
_, — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew,
Chan.lit r. ^Cl.irk, Collainer. Conness, Davis, Dixon,
Farwell. Foster, Grimes, llale, llarlan. Henderson,
Jlcmlneks, Howard, Johnson, Morgan,Morrill, Nye,
1'owill. R.uusey, Sherman, Trumbull, Waile, and
Wnsjit-^.
" X Messrs. Cowan, Doolittle, Harris, Howe,
Lane of Kansas. Nesmith. Saulsbury, Ten Eyck, Van
M inkle, and Willey—10."
On the 8th day of February, 1865, near the
termination of hostilities in this country, the
honorable Senator from Indiana and the hou-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania both voted
that those States had no right of representation
in the Electoral College. Now, I ask the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana what constitu-
tional rights in his judgment those States had
when lie voted that they were not entitled
under the Constitution to any representation
in the Electoral College? Sir, does not the
Constitution in express terms confer the right
upon every State to vote for President and
"Vice President of the United States? If in
consequence of this rebellion those States for-
feited that right, I will ask if they did not
necessarily forfeit other express and implied
rights under the Constitution?
Thu honorable Senator from Indiana the
other day, in commenting upon the speech of
his colleague, [Mr. Mouton,] inquired, refer-
ring to what lie had said upon the education
of the people, how can the people of the
country be educated upon a constitutional ques-
tion? What is constitutional, said he, at one
time is constitutional at another; what was
constitutional last year is constitutional at this
time. Now, sir, as a legal proposition, these
States either had or had not a right to repre-
sentation in the Electoral College. If they had
thai right under the Constitution then that
vote was unconstitutional; but if they had not
that right, then they had forfeited it by rebel-
lion, and the Republican party is only claim-
ing that to be constitutional now as to those
Slates which the Seuator in the most solemn
manner affirmed was constitutional in 1865.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. I should like to say a
word on this point, with the Senator's permis-
sion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The resolution to which
the Senator refers was passed as a declaratory
act. It was intended to give direction to thtj
proceedings of the two Houses of Congress
when convened in joint convention for the
purpose of counting the votes for President
and Vice President of the United States. I
and others voted for that resolution with the
design of preserving the order of that assem-
bly, establishing beforehand the opinion which
ought to prevail in that body when it came to
perform its appropriate duty. I voted for what
that measure declared, namely, thatat that time
the States in question were in such condition
that electoral votes for President and Vice
President from them ought not to be counted
and received in order to influence the result
of the presidential election ; and that was all.
The measure itself did not express any opin-
ion upon the abstract right of the States; it
simply expressed an opinion upon the fact
which existed at that time. If the Senator
•will go back to that debate he will find the
reason which influenced me and others. It
was that we were indisposed to count the elect-
oral votes from those imperfect State organ-
izations set up by Mr. Lincoln in Louisiana,
in Arkansas, and in Tennessee. One was
attempted also in Virginia, and there was an
immature attempt in Florida. I was opposed
throughout to the counting of the electoral
votes that were taken under the authority of
governments which I think, so far as this ques-
tion was concerned, were bogus. That was all.
There was no expression of opinion at that time
as to the right of a State to participate in the
proceedings of the Federal Government, but
simply a declaration of opinion that under ihe
circumstances which then existed electoral
votes from those States could not be received.
Mr. MORTON. With the permission of the
Senator from Oregon I should like to make
one suggestion to the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. That resolution contained a distinct
recognition that at that time those States were
not entitled to representation in Congress ; and
it would have been well for the Senator to
show at what time since, by what act since,
thev have come into possession of that right.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator simply
restates the very point which I intended to
explain ; and that was that the resolution did
not declare an unqualified absence of right in
those States, but that under the circumstances
which then existed they should not exercise it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I am not
concerned with the reasons which influence
Senators when they vote upon a proposition
to interpret or construe the Constitution of
the United States. I shall proceed in due
time to apply the argument which I derive
from the adoption of this resolution to the
position which those honorable Senators have
taken that the State governments of the rebel
States continued to exist during the war-, that
their constitutions and laws were unaffected by
the rebellion, and that they were and have
been all the time perfect States in the Union.
Does not the Senator say that the right of a
State to representation does not depend upon
the Constitution, but a certain state of facts,
the political or social condition of the State ?
Now, sir, in iny judgment the condition of the
rebel States at this time is such as not to
entitle them to representation in Congress,
but does that satisfy the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania ? Does he not maintain
that by such a vote I violate the Constitution
because I have no right so to decide upon the
facts? When I show a record here which
proves that he asserted the jurisdictional power
of Congress to exclude the rebel States from
representation, and show, too, that he voted
two or three years ago to exercise that power
as to the electoral votes of those States, he
undertakes to evade the force of this record
by giving his peculiar reasons for the vote
which he gave. Now, sir, I am willing to let
that record stand and speak for itself. I say
that these States, if they had a constitutional
right to representation, eonld not be deprived
of that right by any resolution of Congress,
and if they had no such constitutional right
it was because they had been in rebellion against
the Federal Government, and so had lost it;
and from the vote of the two Senators the latter
must have been their position, a position which
they now say is a clear violation of the Con-
stitution, but which the Union men of this
country now as then consistently occupy.
Congress at various times enacted iaws de-
claring the revolted States in a state of insur-
rection against the Federal Government. Con-
gress unquestionably has jurisdiction over that
question, for it is expressly conferred by the
Constitution of the United States: and when
Congress declared by a law, which has not
since been modified or repealed, that these
States were in a state of insurrection, I will
ask if the legal status of those States is not
defined ; and has the President or any court
power to change such legal status contrary to
an existing law of Congress? Suppose the
President should be of opinion that those
States were not in insurrection when they were
declared so to be by a law of Congress; is his
opinion of any more consequence upon the
subject than the opinion of a private citizen?
Suppose the Supreme Court should differ with
Congress upon the question of fact as to
whether these States were or were not in in-
surrection; has the Supreme Court a right to
say that Congress was mistaken as to the fact,
and, therefore, the law was invalid and with-
out any effect? Congress lias decided that
these States were in insurrection, and has
never modified or reversed that decision ex-
cept as to the State of Tennessee when her
Senators and Representatives were admitted
to Congress; and I affirm that the legal status
of those States, from the day these laws were
enacted up to this time, is fixed by law, and
neither President nor court has the right to
say that the condition of those States is other-
wise than it is declared to be by the law of the
land.
Sir, if this position be correct, and Congress
upon detlaring these States in insurrection had
a right to proceed and adopt measures for the
suppression of the rebellion, then I say that
Congress has a right to continue the exercise
of this power, until in its own good judgment
the peace and safety of this country demand
or permit a change of that declaration, and a
change in the legal status of the rebel States.
I justify, therefore, upon this ground, the
legislation of Congress which commenced as
soon as the rebellion broke out and has been
continued down to this day. Sir, it does not
follow that because the organized armies of
the confederacy have been overcome and dis-
persed that the insurrection is ended, because
there may be such a combination of individ-
uals in those States, there may be such a dis-
position to disorder, violence, and crime, to
disobedience of law and disregard of public
authority, as to make it just as necessary now
for the future peace of the country to hold that
the insurrection continues as it was necessary to
hold that it existed when Lee was in the field
at the head of his army.
I submit, sir, that I have proved that, in the
judgment of the legislative department of the
country, the rebel States, in consequence of the
rebellion, have forfeited their constitutional
rights. Now, sir, what is the opinion of the
judicial department upon that subject. In the
case of the Brilliante, to which I have before
referred, the Supreme Court say:
"When the party in rebellion occupy and hold in
a hostile manner a certain portion of territory ; have
declared their independence; liavo east off their alle-
giance; have organized armies; liavo commenced
hostilities against their former sovereign, the world
acknowledges them as belligerents."
I call attention to this—
"Theworld acknowledge* them as belligerents and
the contest a Avar."—2 Jllack, pages 660-607.
Again, the court say—
"All persons residing within this torritory whose
property may bo used to i crease the revonues of the
hostile power are, in this content, liable to be treated
as enemies, though not foreigners. They have east
off their allegiance and made war on their Govern-
ment, and are none the less onemies because they are
traitors."—Ibid., page 674.
Now, sir, I ask the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania or the honorable Senator from
Indiana what constitutional rights had the peo-
ple of these States when they were held to be
public enemies of the nation; when it was sol-
emnly adjudicated by the Supreme Court that
any person within the insurrectionary region,
no matter what might be his personal views or
inclinations, was liable to be treated as an enemy
of the Government, that his property was sub-
ject to seizure and confiscation without trial by
judge or jury? Talk about the constitutional
rights of the enemies of the country!
More than this, the Supreme Court decided
that the parties to the war, notwithstanding it
is usually called a civil war, were belligerents.
I think that many men fall into a mistake in
considering this question, because they only
look at these people as traitors and do not
regard them as belligerents. The United States
of America in this war occupied one ground,
maintained one side of the struggle. The so-
called confederate States of America occupied
the other ground and maintained the struggle
on the other side, and they were pronounced
by the Supreme Court as belligerent Powers
and were so recognized in Europe. If they
were belligerent Powers, what were the rights
of the belligerent party which triumphed in the
struggle? Is there any doubt upon any law
applicable to the case, that when one belligerent
party conquers the other, there is no limitation
whatever upon the power of the conqueror but
those laws of humanity and moderation that
govern all civilized and Christian nations?
Take the decision of the Supreme Court as
authority, and it is demonstrably clear that the
United States, when they succeeded in this
