968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
refer to the twelfth volume of the United States
Statutes-at-Large, page 731, where will be found
an act entitled ''An act for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses. " The preamble of that act is as follows :
"Whereas there now exists in the United States nn
insurrection and rebellion against the authority
thereof, and it is, under the Constitution of tho Uni-
ted States, the duty of the Government to suppress
insurrection and rebellion, to guaranty to each State
a republican form of government, and to preserve the
public tranquillity; and whereas for these high pur-
poses a military force is indispensable, to raise and
support which all persons ought willingly to contrib-
ute; and whereas 110 service can be more praisewor-
thy and honorable than that which is rendered for
the maintenance of the Constitution and Union and
the consequent preservation of iree government."
In March, 18G3, in the act providing for
enrolling and calling out the national forces
of the United States, it was declared that one
purpose of raising a military force was to guar-
anty to each one of these States a republican
form of government. Annies were to be raised
not only to suppress the rebellion but to fol-
low up that act by guarantying to each of the
rebel States a republican form of government;
and so at that early day Congress made this
declaration and committed itself to this pol-
icy, and to-day Congress, in using the mili-
tary power of the country to execute that pro-
vision of the Constitution, is only following
out the plan which it adopted at an early day
in the war.
I ought, perhaps, to proceed and show what
President Johnson has done to indicate that
these reconstruction acts of Congress are only
organizing by law a military power that was
exercised in these States up to the day these
laws were enacted, at the will and pleasure of !
President Johnson. Has anybody forgotten '
that when under the laws of the Johnson gov-
ernments Monroe was elected mayor of New
Orleans the President arbitrarily ejected him
from office? Has anybody forgotten that
when Serames was elected judge in Mobile ,
Andrew Johnson summarily and arbitrarily i
ejected him from office? Has anybody for- j
gotten the military orders of the executive
department that were issued and put in force j
in the rebel States long after it was pretended i
that the States were ful'y organized under the !
Johnsongovernments? The President, as Com-
mander-in-Chief, is responsible for these or-
ders, and they show that the pretended civil
governments which Johnson had set up in the
rebel States were subordinate to and controlled
by the military decrees of the President. I
■will read them:
[General Order, No. 3.]
War Dkpartmknt,
Adjutant General's Okfick,
Washington Ju.nu.arv 12, 1S66.
To protect persons against improper civil suits and
penalties in late rebellious States:
Military division and department commanders
whose commands embrace or arc composed of any of
the late rebellious States, and who have not already
done so, will at once issue and enforce orders pro-
tecting from prosecution or suits in the State or mu-
nicipal courts of sucli State all officers and soldiers
of the armies of ttie United States and all persons
thereto attached, or in any wise thereto belonging,
subject to military authority, charged with offenses
for acts done in their military capacity or pursuant
to orders from proper military authority; and to pro-
tect irorn suit or prosecution all loyal citizens or per-
sons charged with offenses done against the rebel
forces, directly or indircetly, during the existence of
the rebellion; and all persons, their agents and ein-
filoyfij, charged with the occupancy of abandoned
ands or plantations or the possession or custody of
any kind of property whatever who occupied, used,
possessed, or controlled tlie same pursuant to the
order of the President or any of the civil or military
departments of the Government, and to protect them
from any penalties or damages that may have been
or may bo prouounced or adjudged in said courts in
any of such cases; and also protecting colored per-
sons from prosecutions in any of said States charged
with offenses for which whito persons are not prose-
cuted or punished in the same manner and degree.
By command of Lieutenant General Grant:
. E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
As late as July, I860, this order was issued:
[General Orders, No. 44.]
Headquarters op the Army,
Adjutant General's Ufmck,
Washington, July 16,18ti6.
Department, district, and post commanders in the
States lately in rebellion are hereby directed to
arrest all persons who hare been or may hereafter be
charged with the commission of crimes and offenses
against officers, agents, citizens, and inhabitants of
the United States, irrespcetiveof colnr, in cases where
the civil authorities liavo failed, neglected, or arcun-
! able to arrest and bring such parties to trial, and to
detain them in military confinement until such time as
a proper judicial tribunal may be ready and willing
to try them.
A strict and prompt enforcement of this order is
required.
By command of Lieutenant General Grant:
E. D. TOWNSEND.
Assistant Aiijutant General.
But, sir, besides all this, President Johnson
expressly revoked the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus in the loyal States of the Union;
but he has never made any proclamation ex-
[ pressly revoking the suspension of the writ of
: habeas corpus in the rebellious States. True,
he has issued proclamat ions of peace, which he
has flourished before the world; but while he
' esteemed it necessary expressly to revoke the
j suspension of the writ ot habeas corpus in the
loyal States, he has been careful to issue no
such proclamation as to the rebel States. When
I he issued his proclamation of peace a letter
i was addressed to him asking him if that re-
j stored the writ of habeas corpus in the southern
States, and the answer was that it did not have
that effect.
Much has been said as to the meaning of the
guarantee clause of the Constitution. I shall
not undertake upon this occasion elaborately
to define the meaning of that clause. Common
men know in common parlance what it means
to guaranty the payment of a debt. It means
that if the debtor does not pay, the guarantor
will, and this clause of the Constitution simply
means that if the people of a State do not estab-
lish and maintain a republican form of gov-
ernment, the United States will do it. There
are two ideas prominent in this clause. One
is that the State government must be in sub-
ordination to the Constitution of the United
States, and the other that it must be such as to
give the people of the State substantial repre-
sentation in and control over the State govern-
ment. Can a State government be republican
in form according to the meaning of the Con-
stitution and not be subordinate to and in har-
mony with the Constitution ? No matter how
perfect the forms of government in the rebel
States, if they were in open hostility to the
Constitution and laws of the country they were
not republican in form in the sense of the Con-
stitution, and it therefore became the duty of
the United States to execute the guarantee and
make those governments what the trainers of
the Constitution intended they should be—in-
tegral and inseparable parts of the Federal
Union.
These State governments, too, must be such
as entitle the people to full and fair represent-
ation in them, i know there is no absolute
standard by which to determine what is or is not
a republican form of government. All we can
do is to consult history, particularly the history
of our own Government, and then, according
to our best judgment, determine whether the
government of a State is or is not republican
in form. I will not undertake to say that a
State government which tolerates slavery is
not republican in form, for such governments
were recognized by the fathers of the Repub-
lic ; but I undertake to say that history does
not produce a case where one half, or a ma-
jority, or even one third of the free male cit-
izens of a State have been excluded from all
political power under a republican form of
government.
_ The question in the rebel States is not as to the
rights of slaves, but it is as to the rights of free
male citizens of the United States. Tell me, if
you can, of a single example in history where
a great proportion of the free male citizens of
a State have been excluded from all political
power under a republican form of government.
Judging from history we should be justified in
interfering with the governments in the rebel
States, because in some of them one half of
the male citizens and in the others more than
a third are excluded from the right of suffrage
and from any representation in the government.
I cannot see Low any government founded upon
that basis is consistent with just ideas of a
republican form of government.
Congress must decide this question. I know
it may be said that Congress may abuse the
power, but the same argument applies to any
power conferred upon Congress. Congress has
power to declare war. That power may be
abused; Congress may plunge the nation into
a wanton and fruitless war ami imperil the life
and property of every man, woman, and child
in the nation ; but is that any argument to prove
that the power does not exist? The United
States are to guaranty to each State a repub-
lican form of government, and Congress has
the unlimited power to say what is or what is
not a republican form of government under
its responsibility to the people. The Supreme
Court of the United States has affirmed that
doctrine. Take what the court says in refer-
ence to a possible government in Rhode Island.
In Lutherus. Borden Chief Justice Taney says:
"Unquestionably amilitary government established
as the permanent government of the State would uot
be a republican government, and itwould be the duty
of Congress to overthrow it."
The right of Congress to enter a State and
overthrow a government which the people
have adopted is clearly recognized in this de-
cision. In the twelfth volume of Wheaton's
Reports, in the case of Marlon vs. Molt, the
Supreme Court, in discussing a kindred ques-
tion, said:
" Whenever a statute gives discretionary power to
any person, to be exercised by him upon his own
opinion of certain faets.it is a sound mleof construc-
tion that the statute constitutes him the i-ole and
exclusive judge of the existence of those lacts."
Congress is required by the Constitution to
determine the fact—it may be a mixed ques-
tion of law and of fact—whether the State of
Louisiana, for example, has or has not a repub-
lican form of government, and Congress being
invested with that power its judgment is con-
clusive. Congress is made the sole and ex-
clusive judge of the fact. Jt is not necessary
to assume that these States are out of the
Union in order to justify the exercise of this
power on the part of Congress. Have Sena-
tors noticed the phraseology of the guarantee
clause of the Constitution?
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form ot government."
Does not the Constitution clearly recognize
the right of Congress to control in this respect
the government of a State in the Union?
Nothing is said about the power of Congress
as to a State out of the Union. The great
argument of the Democratic party on this
question is that the Republicans assume, by
the exercise of these powers, that these States
are out of the Union. I never heard any
man who belouged to that party say that these
States were out of the Union, notwithstanding
those opposed to us continually reiterate that
accusation. I say—and so far as I know those
with whom I act all say—that those States are
in the Union, and that the United States has
a right to exercise this power upon them as
States in the Union.
Mr. President, I did propose to say more,
but the time allotted to me by the vote of the
Senate is about exhausted. ["Goon."] I
shall not undertake to argue the necessity of
this legislation or its expediency at this time.
If it be necessary to organize governments that
will give etjual protection to the poor and weak
as to the rich and the strong—if it be necessary
to organize and maintain governments that will
countenance obedience to law and loyalty to
the Government and frown upon disloyalty,
treason, and crime—then I say there is a neces-
sity for this legislation. Sir, if it be expedient
to do right and be just, then it is expedient to
enact these laws.
I will simply say, in conclusion, that in my
judgment it is not within the constitutional
power ot the executive or judicial departments
ot the Government to determine when an in-
surrection does or does not exist contrary to
the decision of Congress; that it is the exclu-
sive right of the legislative department of the
