960
THE CQNGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
his health, as it was thought, and he is paid
from this same fund, i find here also the name
of llev. Charles Hawley. lie lives at Auburn,
and is a pious and good man I have no doubt.
Then a man by the name of 11. B. Van Val-
kenburg, who resides at some place in New
York, was sent abroad; and a Mr. Bidwell, a
preacher also, and God knows how many
more. These gentlemen got among them
$41,193 41. Now, what was that for? It was
simply a kind of gratuity from the Secretary
of State, they being intimate friends of his;
and, by the way, you will find that every one of
these clergymen belonged to the Church of
England. There was not a Presbyterian or a
Methodist among them. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. That is a mistake.
Mr. CAMERON, Tell us one who is not?
Mr. Sl'MXER. Is Mr. Hawley a Church
of England man ?
Mr. CONKLING. My impression is that
Mr. Hawley is a Methodist.
Mr. CAMERON'. If the Senator from New
York says he knows he is a Methodist, of
course I believe him; but if he only thinks so
I should doubt it very much. I do not think
Mr. Seward ever sent a Methodist or Presby-
terian abroad or anywhere else if he could
help it.
But, sir, my objection is to this whole sys-
tem. I would strike it all off. There is no
necessity for sending these people abroad. I
remember in the time of John Quiney Adams,
■when I was a Democrat, we broke down his
Administration just because he wasted money
in sending bearers of dispatches across the
ocean; and from the time of John Quincy
Adams we never sent a bearer of dispatches.
This is a system which has grown up out of
that. There must be some way of rewarding
favorites; and if you put money at the disposal
of the Departments, giving them sole control
over it, without any exposure of the expendi-
tures to the public, you may be sure it will be
used improperly. I shall, therefore, vote with
the Senator from New Hampshire first, and
then I shall offer an amendment, if we cannot
destroy the whole system, to make them show
to the public whom they employ and how much
they pay them.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Pennsylvania to what church
Mr. McCracken, who was one of the agents
Mr. Seward sent over to Europe, belonged?
[Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. I do not know. I never
found out who McCracken was; but if the Sec-
retary had not had this fund to dip into we
should have had no McCracken. I dare say
he is a Mormon. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there an amendment
pending?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is ;
the amendment offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to know what
the amendment is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
printed amendment offered as a substitute for
the whole bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I call on the Senator
from New Hampshire to modify his amend-
ment in the eighth line of the fourth section,
so as to make the number of agents who may
be appointed by the Postmaster General twenty-
five instead of twenty. I learn in that Depart-
ment that twenty is not a sufficient number.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to suggest
to the Senator while we are on that subject,
that in looking at this bill it strikes me that it
will cover all the route agents who are em-
ployed throughout the country. They are all
to go out of otfice in ten days under this bill,
and then if there are any more appointed they
must be sent in to the Senate for confirmation,
and they must be confirmed by the advice and
consent of the Senate. I think that utterly
impracticable. They cannot be taken off the
lines.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not intended to cover
them, and I have prepared an amendment that
will obviate that difficulty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then there is another.
This first section makes an exception of all
agents who are authorized by existing laws
and whose salaries are specified. Now, take
the agents that are appointed by the Comp-
troller of the Currency. lie has occasion to
employ, temporarily, certain persons to go and
examine banks. lie must have them. He
must employ them. The salary is not fixed by
law. He would have no authority under this
bill to appoint one, and if he has any to be ap-
pointed it must be a regular appointment sent
to the Senate, and confirmed by the Senate as
an officer, when in fact it is a mere employment
for a short period of time. There are, I think,
other duties where the power to designate per-
sons to perform them must exist in the several
Departments.
So far as the Treasury Department is con-
cerned I think twenty-five of the special agents
which they have been in the habit of appoint-
ing under some construction of the old laws
would be enough; and so far as the bill ap-
plies to that Department it is all very well.
I do not know that any are needed there other
than those twenty-five. I am inclined to think
there are not, except it may be the agents of
the national currency bureau which I speak of,
and which are mere temporary appointments.
They must be provided for; their salaries are
not fixed by law, and they are not the kind of
officers whose names ought to be sent to the
Senate. You want a man for a particular
period for something or other of that descrip-
tion, and the Comptroller finds him where lie
can a good man to perform this duty. I am
very much in favor of the principle of the bill,
as I think there has been an abuse ; but I am
afraid that in its effect it will lead to difficulties
which the committee have not perhaps quite
sufficiently considered. I suggest these things
in order that they may avoid these difficulties.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suppose the Senator from
New Hampshire, in the provision of the fourth
section relating to the Post Office Department,
had reference to what are called special mail
agents. They are limited in number, and are in
every sense secret ageuts of the Department.
There are probably twenty or thirty of them.
Their pay is not very great. But still twenty
would not be a sufficient number for that class
of agents, and the Postmaster General and his
assistants inform me that less than twenty-
five would not enable them to get along with
the increasing business of the Department,
especially as they contemplate placing spe-
cial agents upon the mail steamers across the
Atlantic, so as to make up the mails as they
approach our coast. Instead of the English
mail, the French mail, and the German mail
lying over a day in New Y'ork, in order to be
assorted for Milwaukee and Chicago and St.
Louis, it is proposed to have the mail for Chi-
cago, the mail for Milwaukee, and the mail
for St. Louis made up on board the steamer
before it lands. This will increase that ser-
vice, and less than twenty-five will not enable
us to get along.
So far as the route agents are concerned, if
it is expected that their names are to be sent
here and confirmed by the Senate, it will
throw an amount of business upon us which I
imagine we are not prepared for. The offices
of route agents are small in compensation and
in character. I do not suppose the Senate
would desire to be troubled with the consider-
ation of that class of appointments.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has not the Department
secret agents with a view to discover frauds ?
Mr. RAMSEY. The twenty spoken of in
the fourth section, I imagine, are intended to
provide for that secret agency. I ask an in-
crease of that number to twenty-five.
Mr. JOHNSON. Twenty-five are not too
many, certainly.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not by any means. I
suggest to the Senator from New Hampshire
to make that modification.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
do not object to that amendment. I saw the
Postmaster General on this subject, and he
told ine that until the present year he had never
employed more than sixteen of those agents.
I supposed, therefore, that twenty would be
ample to supply all the wants of the Depart-
ment ; but if the chairman of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads thinks that
twenty-five is better I do not object to that.
Mr. RAMSEY. There must have been a
misunderstanding between the Senator from
New Hampshire and the Postmaster General.
They employ nearly thirty.
Mr. PAT TERSON, of New Hampshire. He
said until the present year they had employed
only the number I stated ; this year they em-
ploy more.
Mr. RAMSEY. This subject is not imme-
diately in charge of the Postmaster General,
but rather of the Second Assistant Postmaster
General, and through him I learn that there
are nearly thirty of these agents employed.
They are always limited by the amount of
appropriation for that special purpose.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
do not object to that modification.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I understand the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to so modify his
amendment in the eighth line of the fourth sec-
tion as to make "twenty" read " twenty-five."
It is for the Senate to consider whether they are
prepared to take upon themselves the sifting
of the character of all the route agents in the
United States, many hundreds in number, all
suddenly thrown out of office under the opera-
tion of this bill.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire. I
do not wish to extend the discussion and I
shall occupy very little time. I had supposed
when this bill was introduced that it would
pass without very much discussion in the Sen-
ate. There is a desire all over the country
that the expenses of the Government should bo
retrenched. Our expenses were very much
increased, necessarily and properly, during tlie
war. We have a multitude of officers now in
service who were not in existence when the
war broke out. As a consequence of this the
expenses of the Government have vastly in-
creased. There is a desire to have the expenses
retrenched, and I had supposed that the Senate
were favorable to retrenchment. I have been
somewhat amused, however, at my own ver-
dancy in this matter. I find that it is almost,
if not quite, impossible to retrench the expenses
of the Government when such a bill comes into
the Senate, and for the simple reason that
every Department has some one who is its
special friend and defender, and every man who
is in office, it matters not whether he has any-
thing to do other than to draw his salary or
not, seems to have some one to defend him.
So that I hardly expect we shall ever be able to
retrench the expenses of the Government.
Now, in relation to these route agents, it is
contended that their confirmation should not
come before the Senate. It is said that they
will be turned out of office in ten days if thia
bill passes. I would say that in my State they
are being turned out of office, and before ten
days pass they will all be out of office and a
different class of men will supply their places.
For my part, I think it is soTnewhat important
that we should keep the right men in these
places, and that the Senate, if they cannot se-
cure that end otherwise, should take it into
their own hands and have men appointed who
will represent the party that placed this Admin-
istration in power. If the spoils are to belong
to the victors let the victors be that party that
brought this Administration into power, and
not the man who is taking or attempting to tak©
victory out of our hands.
But, sir, I do not suppose it would take ten
minutes a week to confirm the nominations of
