964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February. 4,
Mr. PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. An
agent and a regularly appointed officer are em-
plov6s; tliey have employments, but the word
"agent" does not necessarily cover all em-
ployes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that. It does
not necessarily cover them, but I am using the
terra "employes'' as designating the business
which Some of these persons called agents
have to do. Whether I use it correctly or not
is not very material.
I do not agree with my friend from New
Hampshire that in legislating upon business
of this kind we are to consider anything about
the spoils one way or the other. I think we
have legislated quite enough in that direction,
quite enough on that principle, and I do not
want, so fur as I am concerned, ever to use
the word or hear it used in reference to legis-
lation with regard to officers. We have some-
thing better to do.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Allow me to say to the Senator that he mis-
understood me on th;it point. I did not say
that I adopted that theory. My remark was
simply that a good deal was said about giving
the spoils to the victors, and if that policy is
to be adopted then let us give them to the vic-
tors, and not to the man who is attempting to
take victory out of our hands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree with the Sena-
tor about that, if that is as far as he goes.
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
That was all I said before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am verv glad that I
misunderstood the Senator on that point, and
I am happy to be corrected. We are in a pecu-
liar position just now in reference to all these
matters. We think we are suffering, and per-
haps we may be to a certain extent, politically
from the unfortunate difference that exists be-
tween the President and the party which elected
him; but when we come to legislate we must
legislate upon general principles and with ref-
erence to the state of things hereafter, uniess
we calculate in a very short time to repeal all
our legislation and say that it was for a mere
temporary purpose. I wish to avoid that as
far as possible; and while I am willing to go
to the extent of cutting off just as much of this
discretionary power in all the heads of Depart-
ments as can be dispensed with, having due
regard to the public interest, I must call the
attention of the Senate to what I believe to be
the fact, that to a certain extent, you must leave
discretionary power with regard to the employ-
ment of agents in the heads of Departments.
I think, with great deference to the commit-
tee who reported this bill, that it has got into
such condition, it is so indefinite in its terms,
that it would be very mnch better, instead of
trying to patch it up in the Senate here and
making amendments to it, to recommit it to
the committee and let them report it in a new
draft. In my judgment we shall be in very
great danger of making it worse by attempting
to amend it in the Senate, as amendments may
strike different Senators to be necessary. The
difficulty is that while the committee were in-
tending to accomplish one purpose and have
accomplished it in this bill, they will, if the
bill passes in this shape, accomplish a great
deal more than they intended, and agreat deal
more than it will be safe to do.
With a view to obviate these objections, as
the bill is important in its character and we
all desire that it should pass in some shape,
and to accomplish the purpose which has been
specified I would suggest to the committee—
I do not wish to make the motion myself—
whether it would not be better to take the bill
back again and redraft it. My friend from
New Hampshire can do it a great deal better
himself, after all the suggestions that have
been made, than anybody else can do it, or
than it can be done here by members in open
Senate. I hope he will not have any feeling
about it, this suggestion of mine, because it is
really an important bill and aims to accom-
plish something that we all very much desire.
Mr, PATTERSON, ofNew Hampshire. I
have no special feeling about the matter, but
I think it will be utterly impossible for me, or
1 for any other man to draft a bill that will meet
the wishes and views of Senators as they have
been expressed here this afternoon on this sub-
ject. The bill, in my view of it, goes very
directly to the point which I for one had in
view when it was drafted, and that seems to
be its difficulty—not its indirection but its di-
rection. That is the trouble with the bill in
the minds of some gentlemen; it expresses
precisely what was intended to be expressed
by the bill. In the first place, in the first sec-
tion it provides that all that class of officers
who are appointed under the acts of 1792,
1799, and 1846 shall be dispensed with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not specify those?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
They are specified in the first part of the bill
by the words which are general, and then the
exception is of " such as are duly authorized
by statutes specifying the character and sala-
ries of the agents so authorized to be employed.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not name the
Stfttut6S?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Those persons are appointed under the twen-
tieth section of the act of March R, 1863, which
authorized the appointment of three agents.
Section four of the act of March 5, 1865, au-
thorized the appointment of ten agents. The
fifth section of the act of July 13, 1866, author-
ized the appointment of an indefinite number
i of inspectors or revenue agents and special
I agents. Now, the bill provides that all that
class of officers whose character and salary
are not designated specifically by law shall be
dispensed with, and these general and special
agents, not "officers"—the word is not found
in the bill—not clerks, not all employes, but
just simply special and general agents who
are appointed under these sections of the rev-
enue acts, shall be sent here to be confirmed by
the Senate, and it has been construed to cover
the route agents who are appointed by the
Postmaster General. If it does include them
I am very glad of it; for I think if there is any
Department where there is an abuse in appoint-
ments of this kind it is in that Department.
Here I will say something which I had not
designed to say upon this bill. In my own
State, route-agents against whose character not
one word can be brought, men who have ful-
filled their duties faithfully and to the satisfac-
tion of everybody, men, too, who during the
late struggle were officers in our Army, have
been removed for no reason on earth except
that they were not of the right political stripe
in the estimation of the Department, and men
appointed in their places who are unfitted for
such positions ; and in one instance, a man has
been appointed whom I refused to recommend
to the Postmaster General because I could not
conscientiously do so. I will say furthermore
that the appointment of general agents under
these laws has become the great receptacle into
which men who have been rejected by the Sen-
ate have fallen by the appointment either of
the Executive or of the heads of Departments.
One person, a Mr. A. B. Sloanaker, who was
three times rejected by the Senate on account
of his infamous character, has recently been
appointed special agent in Texas, and is now
manipulating and engineering the convention
which has been called there to defeat our re-
construction laws.
Mr. RAMSEY. Special agent of what?
Mr. PATTERSON, of New Hampshire.
Special agent of the Treasury Department; and
so it is all over the country, men who have been
rejected by the Senate are perambulating the
country from one end to the other under com-
missions as agents of different Departments,
and their principal business is to smell out the
politics of men who are now filling office, and
then to biing their names here for removal.
Why, sir, a person has been appointed by the
Navy Department in the Portsmouth navy-yard
as a general agent who has no earthly duties in
that yard; but it is an exceptional appointment,
and tha only function which he fulfills is to
secure the removal of good and true men in that
yard.
My object is to cover just such cases, and I
think the bill goes in the most direct manner to
that end, and the objection to the bill is that it
does not meet the wishes aiul the exceptional
cases of Senators. I go lor the bill just as it
stands. I do not expect to better it it' it is sent
back to the committee. If anybody else can
do so, I have no objection. The bill was intro-
duced to secure a retrenchment of expenses.
This retrenchment is called for from one end
of the country to the other, and called for by
our political friends, and yet when the first
measure for retrenchment comes into the Sen-
ate it is trampled under our feet because it hits
some friend here or there or elsewhere. If
this is the way such measures are to be treated
we shall never retrench the expenses of this
Government; we shall never get back to the
peace basis. I have no doubt it will strike some
of my political friends; indeed I know it will,
but that makes no difference to me; let them
go. It is more important that we should re-
duce the expenses of this Government than that
my friends should remain in office.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. President, I apprehend
that if the Senator from New Hampshire could
have foreseen what kind of reception this bill
would meet, he would have hesitated about
bringing it in. When the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] indicated that he did wish to
except the Department with which his com-
mittee has official relations—I mean the Navy
Department—I was surprised. I looked for
an* exception from that quarter; I expected
that that Department should be exempted
from the operation of this bill, but he disap-
pointed me. I was still further disappointed
to find the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations asking that the De-
partment with which his committee have offi-
cial relations should be excepted from the
operation of the bill, and I could not help re-
calling to mind a fact which that distinguished
Senator by persevering effort brought before
the gaze of the eyes of the world—the mode
and manner in which Mr. Motley's removal
from office had been procured. The name of
McCracken came up from the past to my
mind, one of the special agents sent over to
Europe by Mr. Seward and Mr. Johnson to
smell out whether something had not been said
by some of our ministers abroad prejudicial to
Mr. Johnson's " policy." ■
Mr. BUCKALEW. I hope the Senator will
allow me to interrupt him. He is entirely mis-
taken. It was a voluntary communication from
that gentleman to the State Department.
Mr. THAYER. He was not an agent of
the Department.
Mr. JOHNSON. Pardon me for interrupt-
ing the honorable Senator; I do it in all
kindness; but I rather think he is referring to
matters which transpired in secret session. It
is only necessary for the honorable Senator to
be reminded of the fact.
Mr. THAYER. I certainly thank my hon-
orable friend from Maryland 
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend from Ne-
braska allow me to add a word there?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Seward told me last
Saturday that at the time the President handed
that communication to him signed " G. W.
McCracken," he had no idea who he was; he
knew nothing about it; that since then he had
seen one man who said he had seen McCracken;
and that was all he knew about him.
Mt. NYE. Where?
Mr. SUMNER. He did not say where; he
could not remember that; and I really had my
doubts, I confess, whether the case was proved,
whetherthe man really had seen him. I thought
there was a doubt about it; I think it was
probably some other person ; but I mention
these circumstances. I believe that the State
Department at the time was imposed upon, and I
am sure that it had no relations with this person.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. THAYER. I will yield presently: f
