186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
thank my honorable friend from Maryland for
the kind suggestion which he has made; but I
had reference only to what has uppeared in the
newspapers of the country. I made no allu-
sion to anything which occurred in executive
session. I certainly was under the impression
that Mr. McCracken had been directed to scan
into the position of our ministers abroad. If
I am mistaken, of course I admit it frankly.
The Senator from Massachusetts states to the
Senate that Mr. Seward informed him recently
that he did not know who McCracken was. So
much the worse for the Secretary of State, for
he admitted that he acted upon the represent-
ation of Mr. McCracken in recalling Mr. Mot-
ley, or rather into forcing him to tender his
resignation. It is no excuse for the Secretary
of State whether he knew him or not; he used
the information that McCracken gave to the
State Department. Whether there was such (|
a man as Mr. McCracken I do not know. It I
seems there is only one individual who has yet I
been found who ever knew him or can testily
to his existence: but it is proved that the Sec-
retary of State and the President were gov-
erned by his information in forcing Mr. Motley,
out of self-respect, to tender his resignation.
That cannot be denied; and hence my surprise
that the distinguished Senator from Massachu-
setts should ask that this restriction be not put
upon the State Department.
Again, I was surprised that the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads should ask that his particular
Department be excepted from the operation
of this bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to set the honora-
ble Senator from Nebraska right on that sub- ,
ject. The chairman of the Committee on Re- ;
trenchment, who reported this bill, conceded i
twenty special agents to the Post Office Depart-
ment, and I simply asked that the number be
increased five. That is no very great offense,
it seems to me. Besides that, I merely called
the attention of the Senate to the fact that there
are four or five hundred route agents; and if
they pass this bill as it is, it will require the
Senate to act on that many confirmations, and I
asked them to contemplate that state of things.
I did not appeal to them to reject the bill on
that account.
Mr. THAYER. It occurs t« me that I
promised to yield to my friend from Wiscon-
sin, which I do now.
Mr. HOWE. The occasion has almost
passed. I rose to suggest to my friend that he
could not be so much mistaken as Senators
about me seem to suppose. He may be mis-
taken in supposing that this Mr. McCracken at
the time he was corresponding with the State
Department 
Mr. SUMNER. His letter was addressed
to the President.
Mr. HOWE. My friend from Nebraska may
be mistaken in supposing that at the time he
wrote to the President he was acting under
instructions from the State Department or from
the President; but this fact remains: that the
President and the Secretary of State accepted
the information that they derived from him,
and addressed to Mr. Motley the letter which
drew from him the indignant tender of a sur-
render of the employment he held at that time
under the Government; and that months after-
ward, while the Administration were trying to
dragoon the Senate into the confirmation of
some such man as we would not consent to,
and when they had found nobody to take4his
place, and after they had abundant opportunity
to know whether Mr. McCracken was a dead
man or a living man, or a fact or a myth, they
ordered Mr. Motley to leave Vienna, and to
leave the post he then held and surrender the
duties of that office to a charge d'affaires.
Mr. SUMNER. All of which was very bad.
Mr. HOWTE. All of which was very bad,
and goes very far to satisfy me that my friend
from Massachusetts is mistaken in supposing
that the State Department was imposed upon.
That Department had no right to be imposed
upon, because there was abundant opportunity
afforded it to act upon full information and j|
act intelligently. i
Mr. THAYER. It will be recollected that |
Mr. Seward addressed a communication to
Mr. Motley, setting forth that such and such
things were charged against him, and that
resulted in Mr. Motley tendering his resigna-
tion. The communication was so offensive
that he could not remain. The chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations intro-
duced a resolution, which passed, calling upon
the Secretary of State for the source of infor-
mation on which that communication to Mr.
Motley was based. The Secretary replied by
sending the letter of Mr. McCracken, so that,
although he may not have known him, he
based his official action on his letter.
So much for that point; but I was coming
to the route agents. To my knowledge some
of them have been nothing more nor less than
exponents of il my policy," traveling over the
country at the public expense. I am for cut-
ting them off, or at least making their appoint-
ments subject to the confirmation of the Senate.
Then the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance asks that a certain portion of the special
agents in the Treasury Department be ex-
cepted. I can tell him that the appointment
of those agents is a subject of abuse, or, at
least, agents are guilty ot' abuse. I know of
one instance where a bank agent went into a
city in the West to examine the condition of
a small bank with a capital of less than one
hundred thousand dollars, the whole affairs of
which he could have investigated in one day,
and he stayed there ten days, proclaiming to
the world that the financial distress in the ;
country *as the result of the legislation of j
Congress, not devoting his time to an exam- I
j ination of the affairs of the bank. !
| The knowledge of these facts is coming up
to us from all sections of the country, and yet
Republican Senators, chairmen of committees,
1 rise in their places and ask that their respective
branches of the public service be excepted from
the operation of this proposed law. lam with
the Senator from New Hampshire. I am for
cutting down the tree instead of cutting off
some of the branches.
Mr. STEWART. I do not believe that it
is within human power to reach this evil except
in one way; and that is, by passing a bill which
! will cut it all off—stop these special agencies,
stop this discretion. I do not believe in it.
I believe that it is in the power of Congress to
i! name all the offices that are necessary and to
! prescribe the duties of their incumbents. If we
[ cut off this discretion on the part of the Depart-
ments we shall very soon know what officers
1 are necessary; we shall very soon,ascertain
j! what they deem to be necessary. If you leave
i! them with this wide discretion you will have
illustrations which are disgraceful to the Gov-
ernment and to the Congress which permits
them. You will find adventurers coming to
Washington without occupation and without
character, pretending that they can be of great
service to the existing Administration, if they
can have a fat place. You will see men sent
out all over the country so long as this dis-
cretion exists who are really unfit for any
service. They will impose upon the Depart-
ments. Some politician will say that they
may be useful in some political way, and the
first thing you know they will be appointed.
It seems to me that it is within the power of
Congress to name all the necessary offices and
define their duties, and let the people know
who may be officers, how many there may be,
and what they are to do. I believe if you pass
this bill and cut off these spccial agents you
will soon ascertain what is necessary. If the
bill is passed it will be very easy to get perma-
nent relief for any of the Departments who
need it. Here is the chairman of each com-
mittee that seems to have special relations
with a Department, and through those chair-
men the Departments can get through any law
that is necessary to accommodate them pernaa 
nently, while it is very hard to get a law through
to cut anything off.
I hardly think this bill is definite enough;
but I understand that it allows a month before
it goes into full operation, and within that
time we shall find whether it is necessary to
create any more offices. If that is not a pro-
vision of the bill I would put it a month ahead,
and in the meantime we can learn what, offices
it is necessary to create and define their duties.
I do not believe so much'in secrecy in this
Government. I do not believe in secret ser-
vice. The service which secret agents were
sent out to perform had better be public; it
had better be known. All the agents of this
Government should hove duties and responsi-
bilities of which the people should be aware.
I believe the people are more likely to be in-
fluenced by what theydo if the country under-
stands what they are doing. If they are to go
secretly into a neighborhood, nobody knows
what they are doinsr, and it is very easy for
them to collude with rascally officers; but if
it is known that they are agents of the Gov-
ernment the people can watch them, and inves-
tigations can be made better when they are
open, when the people know what is going on.
This Government is not so much of a mystery,
nor is the discharge of the duties of the various
offices. I think the bill should cut off all those
who are not specifically included and defined,
and then if you have not created enough offi-
ces and defined their duties it will be time
enough to do it. Put off the operation of the
bill for"thirty or sixty days, if necessary, and
you will see in the meantime what is neces-
sary to do. If it is recommitted to the com-
mittee, anfi an attempt is made to patch it. up,
each Department will claim to have its officers
exempt, and yoa will do nothing, and you will
seethe same disgraceful scenes perpetrated for
years to come.
Jitr. BUCKALEW. I am in favor of refer-
ring this bill to the Committee on Retrench-
ment, which reported it. As it happened I
was not present in the committee when this
bill was considered, and T think it is important
enough to undergo reconsideration after the
debate which has now taken place in the Senate
upon it and in view of the several propositions
of amendment which have been made. If the
bill were without further debate recommitted
to the Committee on Retrenchment, I suppose
that committee might meet to-night or to-mor-
row morning and report it back to the Senate
promptly.
It is not my idea, it is not my desire, to delay
action on this bill, or to defeat it. What I
desire is that we shall introduce a safe and
salutary reform with reference to these extraor-
dinary appoinlments. I agree with gentle-
men that with reference to one or two classes
of appointees itis very proper that there should
be some legal rule established, some reform
instituted and put into the form of law. I
think tire extraordinary officers, agents of the
Treasury Department, ought to be appointed
entirely upon the recommendation of persons
connected with the Treasury Department itself,
and that the recommendations of persons put-
side, of men in Congress, and of politicians
out of Congress, ought not to be listened to.
I have discovered some details with regard to
the action of the Government in this respect,
to which I should like to call the attention of
the committee, and I should like to confer
with my colleagues on the commi'tee with refer-
ence to the form of this bill, and I shall cheer-
fully unite with them in shaping the bill so
that it shall be effective, but at the same time
that it shall be confined to those points at
which we ought to strike, without introducing
confusion or inconvenience generally into the
administration of the Government.
With these views I make the motion to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on Retrench-
ment.  
Mr. CONKLING. I confess that for one I
concur with the Senator from Pennsylvania,
and I hope the Senator from New Hampshire
will allow the bill now, without objection, to be
recommitted, and he can report it at his early
convenience.
