1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
969
to the House by the honorable member from
New York. [Mr. Robixson,] I took occasion
to express to the House, in some remarks that I
then made, some of the real and serious wrongs
inflicted upon our naturalized citizens abroad ;
and I undertook to show to the House that the
policy of this Government, as indicated by the
action of the Executive, was neither "fish nor
flesh." The legislative branch of the Govern-
ment having never acted upon this question,
I did believe, and I do believe now, that it is
the duty of this Congress to declare in plain
terms the principle that lie at the foundation
of the Republic of the United States and to
fix and determine a policy for the Executive
and see that that policy is enforced. I had
the honor to address this House on the 2d of
December last; two months have gone by and
nothing accomplished, not even the informa-
tion from the State Department to enable us
to act understandingly. During these two
months the people have been speaking in no
doubtful tone, by public meetings, municipal
organisations, organized societies, and through
the press.
The comments which I shall make at this
time will be confined to the law and the bill
reported from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, leaving my views upon the general ques-
tion of how our citizens have been treated and
how the Executive of this nation has acted upon
the questions as they were presented in the
remarks that I made upon a former occasion.
Mr. Speaker, the importance of the ques-
tion involved in this bill need not be urged
npon the attention of this House. To the
individuals whom we have invited to our shores
and given the rank of citizenship, and to those
who are now seeking our country, it is of vital
importance tot now whether, when they assume
the duties of citizenship, they obtain at the
6ame time the protection that every Govern-
ment is bound to give to its citizens. To the
nation it is important as a question of duty,
dignity, and power. What member of this
House would like to record his vote in favor of
a declaration that this nation dare not and
could not protect its citizens? And I desire
this House to consider well the course that it
intends to pursue, because, when once entered
upon, if our demands are met with refusal and
resistance, we must be prepared if need be to
carry out our declarations to the " last arbitra-
ment of nations." With freedom now guar-
antied to all in human form within our bound-
aries, will this nation suffer our citizens in
foreign lands to be treated with contumely and
contempt, impressed into military service,
imprisoned for no offense, punished without
crime, and when charged with crime denied
in the administration of laws the privileges
accorded to every other nationality ?
The protection of personal liberty is to me,
Mr. Speaker, superior to the protection of
property. It is idle for us to talk of our na-
tionality if our citizens cannot be protected in
their rights as citizens of the United States
when abroad. We have fought for a principle
more than once. Our origin as a nation was
in defense of a principle. The second war was
in defense of a principle; and our civil contest
just closed, so far as the conflict of arms is
concerned, was for a principle. In all these
contests success has crowned the right. The
question of the rights of naturalized citizens
has now reached a point requiring the action
of Congress—a declaration of the rights of
American citizenship, and preparation to main-
tain them.
The report and bill now before the House
remit again to the delusive devices of diplomats
and paper-pellets the dearest rights of Ameri-
can citizens. There is in this bill neither the
assertion of an unconditional principle uor any
effective provisions for the redress of wrongs
in case our declarations are not regarded.
Before calling the attention of the House to
the detailed and specific objections to this bill,
I propose to refer to some rules of law aud the
practice of nations, so that we may understand
what we are about to do.
All the civilized nations of the earth have
laws providing for the naturalization of for-
eigners, and this action on the part of the
various nations is practically a complete answer
to the claim of ''perpetual allegiance" or the
doctrine "once a subject always a subject."
Each of those nations, by the act of admitting
foreign-born persons to citizenship, override,
in more or less degree, by their legislation, the
pretended principle of "perpetual allegiance."
From the earliest times the right of expatri-
ation has been acknowledged. Cicero, the
earliest and most distinguished juris consult
of antiquity, declares—
"That it is one of the firmest foundations of Ro-
man liberty that the Roman citizen had the privilege
to stay or remove his residenco in the State at pleas-
ure."
And although some Governments, especially
Great Britain and some of the German States,
in modern times have labored to restrict and
limit the right, yet it is maintained by the most
enlightened jurist in all countries.
"It is believed that every State in Christendom
accords to foreigners, with more or less restrictions,
the right of naturalization, and that each has some
positive law or mode of its own for naturalizing the
native-born subjects of other States without refer-
ence to the consent of the latter for tho release or
transfer of the allegiance of such subjects. It seems,
therefore, that, so far as the practice of nations is
concerned, the right of naturalization is universally
claimed and exercised without any regard to the
municipal laws of the States whose subjects are so
naturalized. It may also be remarked that this
right, as a general proposition, is admitted and
affirmed by most writers of acknowledged authority
on international law. From the generality and ex-
tent of this right of naturalization it has been in-
ferred that the right of expatriation is equally broad
and comprehensive."—Halleck on International Law,
p. 692.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Woodward] concedes all that is
claimed by the advocates of "divine right"
and "perpetual allegiance." Starting with
the proposition that perpetual allegiance is
the doctrine of the common law, and that by
adopting the common law the United States
sanctioned that principle, he arrives at the
conclusion that without congressional legis-
lation that rule still prevails in the United
States. Is that true, Mr. Speaker ? I do not
now ask the question whether Kent and Story
may not have assented to the doctrine, nor
whether some of our courts may not have
"produced the conceit" in the law lectures
known popularly as judicial opinions. The
history of jurisprudence is full of discarded
extra judicial notions and doctrines that have
crept into the books by constant reiteration,
but which, as soon as tested by the application
of right reason and an issue, disappear, and
the dicta in this matter belong to that class.
The United States have never adopted the
English common law as a rule" or code for
itself. The judiciary act of 1789 declares:
"That the laws of the several States, except where
the Constitution, treaties, or statutes of the Union
otherwise require, shall be recognized as rules of de-
cision in trials at common law in the courts of the
United States in cases where they apply."
The rules of decision, then, are derived from
the laws of the several States in all cases except
such as involve the Constitution, treaties, and
statutes of the United States. Kent says:
"That the common law, so fat as it is applicable
to our situation and form of government, has been
recognized and adopted as one entire system."
* * * * "It has been assumed by tho
courts of justice or declared by statute with the like
modifications as tho law of the land in nearly every
State."
We thus see that the English common law
was not adopted even in the States except so
far as applicable to our situation and our form
of government. Mr. Justice Breese, of the
State of Illinois, discussing the extent of the
application of the rules of common law, says:
"We have, like most other States of the Union,
adopted the common law by legislative act, but it
must be understood- only in cases where the law is
applicable to the habits and condition of our society
and in harmony with the genius, spirit, and objects
of our institutions."
The very origin and nature of our institutions
utterly forbid the idea that thedoctrine of " per-
petual allegiance-' is consistent with onr insti-
tutions.
Having shown that the common law of Eng-
land, as adopted by the several States, was
restricted by the consideration that the rulers
should be in " harmony with the genius, spirit,
and object of our institutions," it seems to
me that argument is not necessary to demon-
strate that this rule is entirely contrary to the
genius and spirit of our institutions. The
right of expatriation is clearly implied as ina-
lienable in the enumeration of rights in the
Declaration of Independence, and its obstruc-
tion was one of the wrongs charged by the
colonies against the English crown. The Con-
stitution vested in Congress the power to reg-
ulate naturalization by uniform rule. Among
the earliest legislation of the United States was
that providing for the naturalization of foreign-
ers. As early as 1795, in order to become
citizens of the United States, we demanded of
them that they abjure absolutely all allegiance
to any foreign Power, thus declaring to all the
world the right of expatriation. Is it to be
solemnly argued that the rule that we apply to
other nations is not a rule with us? Chief
Justice Robertson, of Kentucky, says:
" Whatever may bo the speculative or practical
doctrine of feudal governments or ages, allegiance
in these United States, whether local or national,
is, in our judgment, altogether conventional, and
may be repudiated by the native as well as adopted
citizen, with the presumed concurrence of the Gov-
ernment, without itsformalor express sanction. Ex-
patriation may be considered a practical and funda-
mental doctrine of America. American history,
American institutions, and American legislation, all
recognize it. It has grown with our growth and
strengthened with our strength."
Allow me now to discuss in detail the pro-
visions of this bill and see whether, if adopted,
we would be any further advanced in the
direction of protecting our citizens than at the
present time, or whether, oh the contrary, this
bill does not hamper, restrict, and deny rights
to our naturalized citizens that never before
were questioned, and impose conditions more
oppressive than are claimed by any sovereign
Power of Europe except the Czar of Russia.
The gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] in
my judgment, gives the key-note to the entire
provision of this bill. One declaration of
principle is neutralized by restrictions incom-
patible with that declaration. Says the mem-
ber from Iowa:
"It is diplomacy, not legislation. Enact this bill
and you do not change the laws or practice of this
nation in the remotest degree."
I differ with him in one respect. This bill
increases the difficulties of naturalized citizens
and makes a broad distinction between him
and the native born. The inmates of British
dungeons may stay there and rot without any
movement by the Executive of our Govern-
ment if this bill is to be the propelling power.
The German citizens visiting the homes of
their fathers may be forced into the army
and compelled to fight for the sovereigns of
Europe, even against the country of their
adoption. The first clause of the first section
of the bill says :
"That all naturalized citizens of the United States
while in foreign States shall be entitled to. and shall
receive from this Government, the same protection
of persons and property that is accorded to native-
born citizens in like situation and circumstances."
Had the bill stopped here it would have had
the merit, at least, of affirming a just and true
principle. But the bill proceeds by saying that—
The President is empowered to use all the re-
sources of the Government in just efforts to secure the
recognition by other Governments of the foregoing
principles of public law which have been heretofore
asserted by the Government of the United States in
regard to the rights of naturalized citizens.
Pausing here, let me ask what efforts to se-
cure recognition by other Governments would
be just, and who is to determine that justice?
Is the President or foreign Governments to be
the judge of their justness ? It is plain that in
this bill the whole matter is left to executive
discretion, as it has heretofore been, and the
oppressed may still languish in prison indefi-
nitely while the State Department is still mak-
ing " efforts." But this is not all. The recog-
nition required of other Governments is of the
foregoing principles of public law that have
