972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
met of ours to show that we are willing here in i
the North to torsive and forget the past.
Mr. Speaker. I now yield ten minutes to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mi'N'tiEN",] and
Kl'ier that the remainder of mv time to the gen-
tleman from Indiana. [Mr. Niblack.]
Mr. Ml'NGKN. Mr. Speaker, the bill under
consideration is one of vast importance to the
peoote of this country as a question of prin-
ciple, and in its bearings very important upon
our material interests and future destiny. 1 his
bill, so carefully gotten up, is but the entering
wedge to general confiscation of the lands ot
southern men. It is not the few acres of land
remaining unsold or undisposed of in the grants
to those southern States which the gentlemen
on the other side of the House care for: but it.
is the precedent which the passage of this bill
will establish under the specious pretext of
'• lands for the landless and homes for the home-
less" that is sought for. This bill once passed,
the way is clear for a general distribution of
the estates of the South among the "loyal"
men. the ''men and brothers," the intelli-
gent contrabands'" of that portion of our coun-
try.
Why, sir, to have listened to the picture
drawn by the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania"[Mr. Keli.ey] heretofore in regard to
the loyal negroes of the South who own not a
square inch of "God's footstool.'- was enough
to cause a man of tender sensibilities to sell
all that he has and give it to the poor; yes. to
cause him to turn his owe wife and children
out on the cold charities of the world and give i
deeds for his property in fee-simple to the
negroes in Dixie.
How many of the gentleman's constituents
in the city of Philadelphia own any portion
of "God's footstool?" How many of them
own land enough to bury them ? How many
thousands of them are crammed into tene-
ment houses and other perhaps more miser-
able hovels? How many of them are naked
and cold and hungry and dying of starvation
«ven now?
Mr. KELLE Y. Will the gentleman permit
me to answer those questions?
Mr. MUNGEN. It is not worth while. The
gentleman does not know how many, aud he .
would not be able to answer. ■
Mr. KELLEY. In the city of Philadelphia,
with its eight hundred thousand people, there
is not a tenement house 
Mr. MUNGEN. I have but ten minutes,
and I cannot yield.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman should not
ask me questions if he does not wish to have
in am oltbwarml
Mr. MUNGEN. The gentleman has no
care, no thought, no word for those near home.
It is said that distance lends enchantment to
the view; and perhaps the hundreds of miles
intervening between this Capitol and the city
of Mobile casts a halo of beauty and glory over
the spires and turrets of that city which the
gentleman failed to discover or, discovering,
failed to appreciate when he was there some
time since. Why not pass a bill making the
State of Pennsylvania give back to Congress
the immense sums Congress has given her by
way of tariffs and protection on her labor and
capital, in order that the "landless and home-
less" poor of that State may be provided for?
When the ironmongers of that State raise their
periodical howl for an increased tariff we will
have a chapter on the woes and miseries of
workmen out of employment, furnaces stand-
ing idle, and all the concomitants belonging to
such affairs. The cry will then be, like that of
the horse-leech and other things spoken of
in the Scripture, Give! give! give! But the
"homeless and landless'' will not be the recip-
ients. It will be the wealthy capitalist. It will
not be the white laborer of that State, who has
toiled all his life for a mere subsistence, for
enough to keep body and soul together, who
will reap the benefits.
This argument of gentlemen who favor the
passage of the bill that it is to open up the lands
to actual settlement tins been fully met by others.
I will only say that if there were no other pub-
lic lands on which to settle the argument might
amount to something. We find by the state-
ment of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office that, exclusive of the lands sought to be
confiscated, if I may use the term, there are some
thirty-seven million five hundred and twenty odd
acres of Government land. There isnothing in
our preemption laws forbidding negroes any
more than whites from settling on those lands.
The assertions made that this public land is
mostly worthless is mere nonsense. W hen the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
was using some such argument yesterday he was
interrupted by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine.] and he thereupon struck off in strains
very denunciatory of blorida; calling it the
great American Desert of Sahara or a sand-
bank or something to that effect, and gave us
quite an amount of information about clay and
sand, &c., which, for the agricultural interests
of the country, 1 am glad to see in the Globe
a few days ago. When, by his courtesy, I was
permitted to ask him a question touching the
unkindness and barbarity of General Howard,
who had proposed, as the head of the Freed-
men's Bureau, to give lands and homes to the
freedmen who would settle thereon in Florida,
the honorable gentleman said that General
Howard had not proposed to settle them on the
poor lands, but on lands about St. Augustine
and other choice parts of that State. So much
the worse for his argument. Every one who
has ever been at St. Augustine will admit that
| there is a no more healthy place nor better and
more delightful climate to be found on the
American continent than there : that there is
no more productive soil than in that vicinity.
Yet the gentleman says the negroes were offered
homes there; and facts and history show that
they refused to take them, although offered for
nothing.
It is said that they all want " forty acres of
land and a mule," aud lay claim to a promise
to that effect; but how long would they keep
these things if they had them? When John
Randolph manumitted his slaves he sent them
to a very rich and fertile portion of Ohio, within
the limits of my district; gave them teams, cat-
tle, farming utensils, provisions, and money,
and there is not a Randolph negro on any of
those lands; they were too lazy ; they aban-
doned the lands and flocked to the towns and
cities. His scheme, though philanthropic, was
a failure. The negro always has been a fa.il-
| ure, so far as progress is concerned, and always
I will be a failure when thrown entirely on his
own resources.
But, says the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley,] the cause of the ignorance and
degradation of the negro is to be found in the
fact that Democracy ruled this country for so
! long a time. He proposes to remodel the Gov-
ernment. He is not in favor of the Govern-
ment of our fathers. He is, perhaps, like that
celebrated gentleman who wanted an anti-sla-
very Constitution, an anti-slavery Bible, and
an anti-slavery God. Our statesmen of to-day
1 are much wiser and purer and better than
! were the fathers of the Republic. Let me call
attention to the fact, however, that by the
terms of the Constitution the slave trade was
I authorized from that time (1789) up to 1808;
1 that nearly all of the men who helped to frame
it were owners of slaves; that the slave trade
! was continued so as to give employment to the
| vessels owned in the New England States and
elsewhere ; that every State then in the Union,
except Massachusetts, owned slaves, and she
had owned them shortly before; that the
foundations of the colossal fortunes, or many
of the fortunes, and much of the wealth of
some eastern men were laid in the misery,
agony, the cruelty and horrors of " the middle
passage;" that many men who are excess-
ively loyal and boast of being lineal descend-
: ants of the Puritans, il'they will follow back a
little over halfaccntury, will find that the title
to some of their paternal acres was acquired by
the sale or traffic in negroes. Yes, the price
of flesh and blood, as a beginning, enables the
descendants of some of those Puritans to roll
in wealth and luxury and idleness to-day.
Slave labor was more pfo lit able in the South
than in the North, and the Puritans sold their
slaves at good prices and went into "the mid-
dle passage" business.
Now, the descendants of these " hardy mar-
iners," these "enterprising Puritans," with
supercilious sneers, scoff at men who held
property in slaves since the Puritans did.
Democratic rule degraded the negro, did it?
Democratic rule lor nearly four score years
made this country great and glorious, power-
ful, prosperous, and happy. God in His in-
scrutable providence made the negro what he
is, always has been, and always will be—infe-
rior to the white man ; just as he made the
vulture inferior to the eagle. Charges like
this against the Democratic party may do for
circulation in New Hampshire, or elsewhere,
just before an election—for which purpose, I
presume, they are intended—but the history of
this country and the history of the world hurls
back the aspersion in the face of whoever may
assert it.
I am not of those who think that because
Washington and .Jefferson and their compeers
owned slaves, therefore they are forever shut
out of heaven and banished from the presence
of the Almighty. Nor do I think that those
enterprising New Englanders who engaged in
the slave traffic are all consigned to endless
perdition. I only allude to these things to re-
fresh gentlemen's recollection. For my own
part, 1 never was a pro-slavery man and never
held or owned a slave; but many good men
have.
But the honorable gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Julian] seems to dwell pretty strongly
on the great advantages to be derived from the
opening of those lands to actual settlers, white
and black, along the line of the New Orleans,
Opelousas, and Great Western railroad. He
talks about a strip of land some twenty miles
wide which the grant of Congress^ covers as
being remarkably fertile. Part of it is fertile.
Having traveled over that road several times,
I can state that so far as it is finished, that is,
from New Orleans to Berwick city, on Berwick
bay—nearly all the lands worth entering or fit
to live upon have long since been settled and
improved; perhaps nearly all of them long
before the road was built or the grant of land
given by Congress. The country about Bayou
La Fourche and Thibodeaux was settled by the
French in the last century. The railroad com-
pany, therefore, got nothing so far, or com-
paratively nothing, except alternate sections
of land—if it can be called land, or if it was
surveyed at all—in those wide marshes through
which the road runs on trestle-work for miles
of the distance. These marshes, whether
opened for entry and settlement or not, will be
in the same condition they now are as long as
! time lasts, or until some convulsion of the
earth raises them above their present level.
That road was designed, and is an absolute
I necessity, to enable the people of western Lou-
| isiana and eastern Texas to get their j#oducts
j to a market. Without it their grain, sugar,
j cattle, or whatever they raise or produce, are
| almost worthless. Thereare good lands along
j the proposed line of the road west of Berwick
bay, but the road will never be built without
! them, and they will never be settled up to any
j considerable extent without the road. The
j grant does not reach Texas, for in that State
I the Government holds no public lands.
I There are thousands, yes, millions, of acres
! of land open for preemption and settlement in
other places in the West and South. The hon-
orable gentleman from Pennsylvania, notwith-
standing the disparaging account he gave of
the sands of Florida, admitted that what he
called the " piney woods" of northern Florida
would shortly blossom as the rose by reason
of American energy. Rest assured it never
will by reason of African energy. But I am
willing to give the Africans lands for homes
without money or price if they will accept
them, settle on and improve them.
