976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
I ask the Clerk to read a letter from General
Thomas.
The Clerk read as follows:
iltapqrarters Dhpartment of the cumberland,
Lftuisvn.ll, Kkntvcky, J inuttry 22,18ti8.
Dear Sir: I cheerfully givo you my opinion on the
merits of the grant ot hunt to the Tennessee and Ala-
bama railroml. From nil I can leaui. the Tennessee
Hill Alabama Railroad Company was in good work-
ing condition betore the war, and was endeavoring
to carry out the requirements of the bill granting
lands to aid in constructing their road. Work on the
road was broken up 1 >y the war. and the unsettled
•ad disastrous condition of tlie people interested in
the success of the road has operated to prevent
them irotn resuming the work. The ro-id will be ot'
treat benefit in developing that section of country:
and. as the grants seem to have beeu made to encour-
age internal improvement, I should favor the contin-
uance of it were I a meuibor ot Congress.
Very respectfully,
C.KORC.K II. THOMAS,
Mnjur General L'niteU State* Army.
Hon. SAMUEL M. Arnei.l. Watkington, D. (*.
A word upon the general merits of the bill.
The first point is :
homes for tuk 1iosiklkss.
I sympathize with the desire of my friend
from Indiana—a noble and patriotic desire—
to give to the homeless, landless millions of
the South a little spot of earth, a home ! it is
the dearest spot this side of Paradise, and the
humbler, generally, the happier—home, the
source of national life and blessing. I say,
such a desire as I know actuates my friend
commands my admiration and sympathy and
shall receive my support. But I submit to the
gentleman and to the House if he does not de-
teat by the sweeping provisions of his bill the
very object that he proposes. I think his bill,
as it stands amended, is too broad. The build-
ing of public highways, as I read in history, is
only another method of building homes—a
time-honored and noble policy, fully justified
by our experience. I ask, what is a bit of
barren laud worth in an unpeopled wilder-
ness, and who is going to people it unless
there is a way to get to and from it? Our
experience is only reiterating what has been
said everywhere upon the American continent,
and teaches that to lay down a railroad is the
speediest and best means of settling and devel-
oping it. A buzzing, humming swarm of the
children of toil take immediate possession of
the land. As a friend of the colored man, as
one of his immediate Representatives upon
this floor, I join hands with the gentleman
from Indiana or any one else, and will cor-
dially go with him that goes furthest in giving
lands to these homeless, faithful, loyal chil-
dren of the Republic. Their cry is not for
bread, but for "land," "land to work"—an
importunate, agonizing cry ! But forty acres
of land wild as Africa do not constitute a
home. Many within my knowledge are now
kept from occupying public land because it is
in a wilderness, away from everywhere. I
would give the poor white man and the poor
black man not only forty acres of land, but a
church and a school-house and a newspaper—
necessities to every home and to every citizen
of a free and living Republic ; necessities that
spring up in the track of a railroad as inevita-
bly, as surely, as grass and flowers follow in
the track of spring. The fact that forty-seven
million acres of land are now open in these
four States for homesteads is of great weight
to my mind. But these aro poor '' sand des-
erts/' says the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kelley.] Not so poor that they will not
be made richer by a railroad. These vast
bodies of land cannot remain unopened en-
tirely ; and I know of no better way to open
them for settlements than by railroads. To
abridge the system of internal improvements
is to infringe upon homesteads. I would have
both walk hand in hand, par nobile fratrum.
erbil corporations.
But it is said that these are rebel corpora-
tions. This is undoubtedly true of the most
of these roads. I have but little confidence in
the loyalty of any railroad. Nor am I a be-
liever in that false, maudlin philosophy, called
"conciliation," set forth by the gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldrjdoe.] One hair's
strength of practical force is worth all the con-
ciliation that you can pile bet ween this and the
moon. " Conciliation," as we know it down
South, is a cheat. 1 wish it was nothing worse.
Alas! it is a winding-sheet, and an unknown
grave to many ofyour loyal brethren. I would de-
clare the forfeiture of these lands, save in clear
casesthat ought to be made exceptions, in order
to divest these rebel corporations of their power
—power that they are using to-day with such
terrible effect against the Government of the
United States, against reconstruction, and
against freedom, and leave these lands to be
regranted for railroad purposes or common
schools in such a manner as to secure the rights
of loyal men.
thk futurr.
I think that we should not be narrow or cir-
cumscribed in our views where the future is to
be largely consulted. Each of us represent
upon this floor not merely a local constituency
—a single district of one of the thirty-seven
States of this Union—but we are the Represent-
atives of the American nation, solemnly bound
to forward the general interests. " The whole
boundless continent is ours"—ours to develop,
ours to make fairer, grander, and happier.
It is well to remind ourselves that one gen-
eration does not constitute a State. Looking
down the far future, 1 see other generations
peopling these '"dead, lifeless States" spoken
of by thegentleman fro in Indiana. [Mr. Julian.]
The architects of the nation's woes have passed
away, the dark clouds have been withdrawn,
and a brighter day floods the land of the orange
and the magnolia. A generation, like an indi-
vidual, tarries on earth but a day, or, as Cicero
has it, '"Tarries over night."
We but make room for posterity. Is it not,
therefore, the true path of wisdom to follow up
the ignorance and the darkness and the wicked-
ness of the rebellion with a new and a better
civilization, with other men and other habits
and forms of life? To this end, and for this
purpose, I would plow up these rebellious
States with new lines of railroads, that after all
are only new lines of thought and intelligence,
till what are now waste places, "sanddeserts,"
shall blossom with new and better life. The
food of the old gcfcls, we are told, was ambrosia.
The true "bread from heaven" to-day is the
divine and more select influences of knowledge
and our Christian civilization. Give us fuller
and larger measures from every quarter.
Mr. HOPKINS. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Shanks.]
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to call
the attention of the House to a remark made
by the gentleman from California [Mr. Axtell]
on the 29th of last month touching this bill.
He spoke against its passage, and with a great
deal of feeling; and alluding to the fact that
these lands were settled by white people, he
said:
" These poor white men of the South have lived
upon these lands for generations without any re-
straint."
Thus the enemies of the bill admit that these
lands are settled by poor white people who
would be ousted by this corporation, and they
and their families left without homes.
If it be the fact, as stated by gentlemen on
! this floor, that white men and freed people
have lived on these laqds for generations, then
there comes to this House proof of this fact:
that the original transaction by which these
! lands were passed to these railroads was a
! fraud upon the settlers of that country who
had made their homes upon them.
It is well known to the members of the
House that there was a considerable length of
time employed by these companies in selecting
these lands from the public lands. There is a
a very large amount of public land in these
States belonging to the General Government
that remains unsold; but it is an undeniable
fact that the larger portion of those la'nds are
! valueless. Hence the necessity for the time
that was required by these corporations to pro-
cure the best quality of land; and in doing
! that they selected that portion which had been
settled by white men, the colored people then
being slaves, and not permitted to purchase
homes. And now the gentleman from Cali-
fornia tells us that for generations—which must
be at least fifty years, as a generation is gene-
rally estimated at about twenty-five years—
white men have lived upon these lands; and
he asks us now, although they are forfeited
to the Government by a failure of the corpo-
ration under the law that granted them, to set
aside that forfeiture and restore them to the
irresponsible corporations to which they were
granted for the purposes named in the con-
veyance.
If these corporations had gone on and sold
these lands and constructed the roads as they
agreed to do they would in that act have driven
these settlers from their homes and turned
them and their families out of the home to
which they were entitled under our laws. And
now we are asked to do a second time what was
once done under bad advisement, to carry out
what was undertaken to be done years ago by
law procured through fraud by these corpora-
tions, and dispossess these settlers of their
homes made by their own toil.
I want to call attention to another fact
stated by the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Axtell. ] He said :
"There are too many western men on this floor to
be told that eighty or one hundred and sixty acres of
land in an unbroken wilderness without roads is any
home for the poor."
Now, sir, I assert it as a fact that the great
mass of the settlers in the West live on small
farms, and they hold in their hands the des-
tiny of this nation to-day. If that country
had been settled by a few men who held the
great mass subject to their will and renters
upon their soil, there would to-day have been
no Government of the United States. It would
have gone down under the system organized in
the southern States, where slavery and serfdom
was the policy; and a dearth of schools, cor-
rupted morals, squalid poverty, an exhausted
soil, with treason aud murder as a necessary
result.
But, sir, it was because of these farms of
forty, eighty, and one hundred and sixty acres
in the West, owned by men of industry and
consequent independence, men of nerve, men
who knew how to labor and how to fight the
enemies of their country; as they felled tho
timber of the forest to make their farms so
they felled the enemies of their country to
make way for liberty and right. It was by the
strong arm of the mechanic, laborer, and
small farmer, who labor with their own hands,
that the Government of this country was
saved. It is the settlers on the small tracts,
each acting for himself and providing and
defending a home for his family, that give
power to the Government aad protect it in the
hour of its peril. From these small farms
come the men of energy; they produce the
mechanic, the tradesman, the day laborer, the
men of muscle and nerve, who formed a living
wall that in battle became a wall of fire around
the Republic, defending its honor, its soil, its
Government, and its religion, and rendered in
very truth the declaration that all men are
bora free and sacredly endowed with equal
rights before the laws of God and man.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is said that these States
are not represented here, and we are called
upon to wait until they are represented. Per-
mit me to ask under what authority that rep-
resentation left? Who drove that representa-
tion from this Hall? Was it the poor people
of this country ? Was it the men who own the
small farms? No; they left this Hall of their
own free will, and they only now stay out be-
cause they refuse to be loyal and send men
here who are worthy to occupy these seats.
This war has been carried on not only without
them but in spite of them. It was the baseness
of those who controlled these lands, and such
as they who withdrew their delegations and
that now refuse to return loyal ones, and who
refuse homes to the people of whom fourteen
out of fifteen have none.
