978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
at the War Department. My sole object in then
bringing the subject to your attention was to ascer-
tain definitely what would be your own action should
such an attempt be made for his restoration to the
M :ir Dopartiuent. That object was accomplished;
for tho interview terminated with the distinct under-
standing that if, upon reflection, you should prefer
not to become a party to tho controversy, or should
conclude that itwould be your duty to surrender tho
Department to Mr. Stanton upon action in his favor
by the Senate, you were to return tho otlice to me
prior to a decision by the Senate, in order that, if 1
. desired to do so, 1 might designate some one to suc-
ceed you. It must have been apparent to you that,
had not this understanding been reached, it was my
purpose to relieve you Irom the further discharge of
the duties of Secretary of War ad interim and to
appoint some other person in that capacity.
Other conversations upon this subject ensued, all
of them having, on my part, the same object, and
leading to tho same conclusion as the first. It is not
necessary, however, to refer to any of them, except-
ing that of Saturday, tho 11th instant, mentioned in
your communication. As it was then known that the
Senate had proceeded to consider the case of Mr.
Stanton, 1 was anxious to learn your determination.
After a protracted interview, durin% which the pro-
visions of the " tenure-of-ollice bill" were freely dis-
cussed, you said that, as had been agreed upon in our
fii>t conference, you would either return the office to
my possession in time to enable me to appoint a suc-
cessor before final action by the Senate upon Mr.
Stanton's suspension, or would remain as its head,
awaiting a decision of the question by judicial pro-
ceedings. It was then understood that thei'te would
be a lurther conference on Monday, by which time, I
supposed, you would be prepared to inform me of your
final decision. You failed, however, to fulfill the
engagement, and on Tuesday notified me,in writing,
of the receipt by you of official notification of the
action of the Senate in the case of Mr. Stanton, and
at the same time informed me that, "according to the
act regulating the tenure of certain civil offices, your
functions as Secretary of War ad interim ceased from
the moment of the receipt of the notice." You thus,
in disregard of the understanding between us, va-
cated the office without having given me notice of
your intention to do so. It is but just, however, to say
that iny our communication you claim that you did in-
form me of your purpose, and thus " fulfilled the prom-
ise made in our last preceding conversation on this
subject." The fact that such a promise existed is
evidence of an arrangement of the kind I have men-
tioned. You had found in our first conference " that
the President was desirous of keeping Mr. Stanton
out of office, whether sustained in the suspension or
not." You knew what reasons had induced the Pres-
ident to ask from you a promise. You alsoknewthat,
in case your views of duty did not accord with his own
convictions, it was his purpose to fill your place by
another appointment, liven ignoring the existence
of a positive understanding between us, these conclu-
sions were plainly deducible from our various con-
versations. It is certain, however, that even under
these circumstances you did not offer to return tho
place to my possession; but, according to your own
statement, placed yourself in a position where, could
I have anticipated your action, I would have been
compelled to ask of you, as I was compelled to ask
of your predecessor in the War Department, a letter
of resignation, or else to resort to the more disagree-
able expedient of suspending you by a successor.
As stated in your letter, the nomination of Gover-
nor Cox, of Ohio, for the office of Secretary of War,
was suggested to me. Ilis appointment as Mr. Stan-
ton's successor was urged in your name, and it was
said that his selection would save further embarrass-
ment. I did not think that in the selection of a Cab-
inet officer I should be trammeled by such considera-
tions. I was prepared to take the responsibility of
deciding the question in accordancewith my ideas of
constitutional duty, and, having determined upon a
course which I deemed right and proper, was anxious
to learn the steps you would take should the pos-
session of the W ar Department be demanded by Mr.
Stanton. Had your action been in conformity to tho
understanding between us, I do not believe that the
embarrassment would have attained its present pro-
port ions or that the probability of its repetition would
have been so great.
I know that, with a view to an early termination
of a state of affairs so detrimental to the public in-
terests, you voluntarily offered both on Wednesday,
the 15th instant, and on tho succeeding Sunday, to
call upon Mr. Stanton and urge upon him that the
good of the service required his resignation. I con-
fess that I considered your proposaf as a sort of rep-
aration for the failure on your part to act in accord-
ancewith an understanding more than onee repeated,
which I thought had received your full assent and
under whiehyou could have returned to me the offico
which I had conferred upon you, thus saving yourself
from embarrassment and leaving the responsibility
where it properly belonged, with the President, who
is accountable for the faithful execution of the laws.
I have not yet been informed by you whether, as
twice proposed by yourself, you have called upon Mr.
Stanton and made an effort to indueehim voluntarily
to retire from the War Department.
' You conclude your communication with areference
to our conversation at the meeting of the Cabinet
hold on Tuesday, the 14th inst. In your account of
what then occurred you say that after the President,
had given his version of our previous conversations
you stated them substantially, as given in your letter
that you in no wise admitted the correctness of his
statement of them," though, to soft en the evident con-
tradiction my statement gave, 1 said (alluding to our
first conversation on the subject) the President might
have understood in the waj; he said, namely, that I
had promised to resign if I did not resist the reinstate-
ment. I made no such promise."
My recollection of what then transpired is diamet-
rically the reverseof your narration. In the presence
of the Cabinet I asked you:
First. If, in a conversation which took place shortly
after your appointment as Secretary of War ad in-
terim, you did not agree either to remain at the head
of tho War Department and abide any judicial pro-
ceedings that might follow non-concurrence by the
Senate in Mr. Stanton's suspension; or, should you
wish not to become involved in such a controversy,
to put mo in the same position with respect to tho
office a-s I occupied previous to your appointment, by
returning it to mo in time to anticipate such action
by the Senate.
This you admitted.
Second. I then asked you if, at our conference on
the preceding Saturday, 1 had not, to avoid misun-
derstanding, requested you to state what j;oirintended
to do; and further, if, in reply to that inquiry, you
had not referred to our former conversation, saj-ing
that from them I understood your position, and that
your action would be consistent with the understand-
ing which had been reached.
To these questions you also replied in the affirma-
tive.
Third. I next asked if, at the conclusion of our
interview on Saturday, it was not Understood that
wo were to have another conference on Monday, be-
fore final action by the Senate in the caso of Mr.
Stanton.
You replied that such was tho understanding, but
that you did not suppose the Senate would act so
soon; that on Monday you had been engaged in a
conference with General Sherman, and were occupicd
with "many little matters," and asked if Ueneral
Sherman had not called on that day. What relevancy
General Sherman's visit to me on Monday had with
the purpose for which you were then to have called
I am at a loss to perceive, as he certainly did not in-
form me whether you had determined to retain pos-
session of the office or to afford mo an opportunity
to appoint a successor, in advance of any attempted
reinstatement of Mr. Stanton.
This account of what passed between us at the
Cabinet meeting on the 14th instant widely differs
from that contained in your communication, for it
shows that, instead of ha.ving "stated our conversa-
tions as given in the letter" which has made this
reply necessary, you admitted tliatmy recital of them
was entirely accurate. Sincerely anxious, however,
to be correct in my statements, I have to-day made
this narration of what occurred on the 14th instant
to the members of the Cabinet who were then pres-
ent. They, without exception, agree in its accuracy.
It is only necessary to add that on Wednesday
morning, tho 15th,you called on me, in company with
Lieutenant General Sherman. After some prelimi-
nary conversation, you remarked that an article in
the National Intelligencer of that date did you much
injustice. I replied that I had not read the Intelli-
gencer of that morning. You then first told me that
it was your intention to urge Mr. Stanton to resign
his office.
After you had withdrawn I carefully read the arti-
cle of which you had spoken and found that its state-
ments of the understanding between us were sub-
stantially correct. On the 17th I caused it to be read
to four of the five members of the Cabinet who were
present at our conference on the 14th, and they con-
curred in the general accuracy of its statements re-
specting our conversation upon that occasion.
In reply to your communication I have deemed it
proper, in order to prevent further misunderstand-
ing, to make this simple recital of facts.
Very respectfully, yours,
ANDREW JOHNSON.
General TJ. S. Grant,
Uommamiing United States Armies.
Headquarters Army op the United States,
Washington', D. C., February 3, 186s.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication of the 31st ultimo in answer
to mine of the 28th ultimo. After a careful reading
and comparison of it with the article in the Na-
tional Intelligencer of the 15th ultimo, and the
article over the initials "J. B.S."in the New York
World of the 27th ultimo, purporting to be based
upon your statement and that of the members of your
Cabinet therein named, I find it to be but a reitera-
tion—only somewhat more in detail—of the " many
and gross misrepresentations" contained in these
articles, and which my statement of the facts set
forth in my latter of the 28th ultimo was intended to
correct; and I here reassert the correctness of iny
statements in that letter, anything in yours in reply
to it to the contrary notwithstanding.
1 conlcss my surprise that the Cabinet officers re-
ferred to should so greatly misapprehend the facts in
the matter of admissions alleged to have been made
by me at the Cabinet meeting of the 14th ultimo as
to suffer their names to be made the basis of the
charges in the newspaper article referred to, or agree
in the accuracy, as you affirm they do, of your ac-
count of what occurred at that meeting.
You know that we parted on Saturday, the 11th
ultimo, without any promise on my part, eithor ex-
press or implied, to the effect that 1 would hold on
to the offico of Secretary of War ad interim against
the action of the Senate, or, declining to do so
myself, would surrender it to you before such action
was had, or that 1 would see you again at any fixed
time on the subject.
The performance of the promises alleged by you to
have been made by me would have involved a resist-
ance to law and an inconsistency with the whole his-
tory of my connection with the suspension of Mr.
Stanton.
Irom our conversations and my written protest of
August 1,1867, against tho removal of Mr. Stanton,
you must have known that my greatest objection to
his removal or suspension was the fear that someone
would be appointed in his stead who would, by oppo-
sition to the laws relating to the restoration of the
southern States to their proper relations to the Gov-
ernment, embarrass tho Army in the performance of
duties especially imposed upon it by these laws; and
it was to prevent such an appointment that I ac-
cepted the office of Secretary of War ad interim, and
not for the purpose of enabling you to get rid of Mr.
Stanton by my withholding it from him in opposi-
tion to law, or not doing so myself, surrendering it to
one who would, as tho statement and assumptions in
your communication plainly indicate was sought.
And it was to avoid this same danger, as well as to
relieve you from the personal embarrassment in
which Mr. Stanton's reinstatement would place you,
that I urged the appointment of Governor Cox, be-
lieving tbat it would be agreeable to you and also to
Mr. Stanton, satisfied as I was that it was the good
of the country and not the office, the latter desired,
On the 15th ultimo, in presence of General Sher-
man, I stated to you that 1 thought Mr. Stanton
would resign, but did not say tbat I would advise
him to do so. On the 18th I did agree with Gen-
eral Sherman to go and advise him to that course,
and on the 19th 1 had an interview alone with Mr.
Stanton, which led me to the conclusion that any
advice to him of the kind would be useless, and I so
inforinod General Sherman.
liefore I consented to advise Mr. Stanton to resign
I understood from him in a conversation on the sub-
ject immediately alter his reinstatement that it was
his opinion that the act of Congress entitled "An act
temporarily to supply vacancies in the Executive
Departments in certain cases," approved February
20, 186<J, was repealed by subsequent legislation,
which materially influenced my action. Previous to
this time I had had no doubt that the law of 181)3 was
still in force, and, notwithstanding iny action, al'uller
examination of the law leaves a question in my mind
whether it is or is not repealed; this being the case,
I could not now advise his resignation lest the samo
danger I apprehended on his lirst removal might
follow.
The course you would have it understood I agreed
to pursue was in violation of law and without orders
from you, while the course I did pursue, and which I
never doubted you fully understood, was in accord-
ance with law, and not in disobedience of any orders
of my superior.
And now, Mr. President, where my honor as a sol-
dier and integrity as a man have been so violently
assailed, pardon me for saying that I can but regard
this whole matter, from the beginning to the end, as
an attempt to involve me in the resistance of law
for which you hesitated to assume the responsibility
in orders, and thus to destroy iny character before
the country. I am, in a measure, confirmed in this
conclusion by your recent orders directing me to dis-
obey orders from the Secretary of War—my superior
and your subordinate—without having counter-
manded his authority to issue the orders I am to dis-
obey.
With assurance, Mr. President, that nothing less
than a vindication of my personal honor and char-
acter could have induced this correspondence on my
part, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant, U. S. Git ANT,
General.
His Excellency, A. Johnson,
President of the United States.
The question was upon tlie motion, of Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, that tlie communication and
accompanying papers be referred to the Com-
mittee on Reconstruction, and printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. On that motion I
call for the previous question.
Mr. COVODE. I would inquire of the Chair
if it would be in order, in view of his straight-
forward, manly course, to move a vote of
thanks to General Grant?
The SPEAKER. That would not be in
order pending the call for tlie previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MARSHALL. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to add to his
motion instructions to the committee to take
testimony on this subject.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. I «,m not debating; I
only make a suggestion.
The SPEAKER. Suggestions are in the
nature of debate.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I must decline to
do so.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to refer and print was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, .moved to recon-
sider the vote last taken; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
robert m. patton.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent to have taken from tlia
