980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
recognized in foreign countries, especially in
Groat Britain.
By Mr. FARNSWORTII: The petition of
a large number of officers and soldiers of Au-
rora, Illinois, against any legislation by Con-
gress which shiUI hinder or prevent the pay-
ment to the soldiers and officers of the Union
Army of all dues promised them by the Gov-
ernment.
By Mr. HOPKINS: The petition of the cit-
izens of Janesville, Wisconsin, for the repeal
of the internal taxes on manufactures and pro-
ductions except luxuries.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition of John E.
Trudeau, of the parish 01 Jefferson, Louis-
iana, praying Congress to restore him to all
the lights, privileges, and immunities of a cit-
izen of the United States.
By Mr. McCLURG: The petition for relief
of Mrs. Julia Ann Fisher, widow of Martin
Fisher, deceased, of Missouri.
Also, the petition for pension for Mrs. Hen-
rietta Bruns, widow of Dr. Bernard Bruns,
deceased, of Missouri.
Also, the petition of Rial Newland, esq.,
for relief against the Mobile and Ohio Railroad
Company.
By Mr. NUNN": The petition of Robert and
Isaac Quinn, of Mississippi, for compensation
for war damages.
Also, the petition of W. K. Hall, of Ken-
tucky, for similar compensation.
Also, the petition of freedmen of Missis-
sippi, for compensation for services rendered
in Army hospitals.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of S. Clark
and others, citizens of Whitewater* Wisconsin,
for a repeal of the internal tax on manufac-
tures.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of Moore,
Brothers & Co., of Neenan, Wisconsin, for
repeal of the internal tax on manufactures.
By Mr. VAN HORN, ofNew York: The pe-
tition of 2o citizens of Niagara county, New
York, asking an appropriation to improve the
harbor at Wilson, in said county.
By Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana: The pe-
tition of Alfred L. Stouey, praying for differ-
ence of second lieutenant and first sergeant's
pay-  
IN SENATE.
wednesday, February 5, 1868.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War
communicating, in obedience to law, a state-
ment showing the contracts and purchases
made by the ^ordnance department during the
year ending December 31, 1867; which was
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of December 17, 1867, copies of papers in the
case of the steamer Ocean Belle; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating a
copy of a letter of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs and copies of the papers relative to the
petition of the Iowa Indians, praying that the
sum provided for in the tenth article of the
treaty of March 6, 1861, with the Sacs, Foxes,
and lowas, to be expended in the construction
of a toll-bridge across the Great Nemaha river
at or near Roy's Ferry, for the use of the Iowa
Indians, may be applied to the purchase of
oxen, agricultural implements, &c., for the use
of those Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Second Auditor of the Treasury, commu-
nicating, in obedience to law, copies of all
accounts received at that office from persons
J charged or intrusted with the disbursement or
; application of moneys, goods, or effects of any
kind for the benefit of the Indians, from July
1, 1866, to June 30, 1867, together with a list
of the names of all persons to whom moneys,
goods, or effects have been delivered within
that year for the benefit of the Indians; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of War, communicating, in obe-
dience to law, a statement of contracts made
by the quartermaster's department from the
1st to the 31st of December, 1867 ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a petition of citizens
of Mississippi, praying the removal of civil dis-
abilities imposed upon John L. Henley, of that
State, by the reconstruction acts of Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on the
J udiciary.
He also presented a petition of John L. Hen-
ley, of Mississippi, praying to be relieved from
the civil disabilities imposed on him by the
reconstruction acts of Congress; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying such legisla-
tion as will give protection to American labor
and industry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Chicago, Illinois, praying immediate
legislation to secure to women the right of suf-
frage in the District of Columbia; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citizens
of Nebraska, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Lincoln to the mouth of Doug-
las creek, in-Butler county, in that State ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices ,
and Post Roads. j
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present the memorial
of S._ A. De Pitti Ferrandi, the consul of the !
Haytien people at New York, praying the ap-
propriation of a subsidy from the United States
Treasury for the establishment of a line of ,
steamers between the United States and the !
island of Hayti. He proceeds to set forth j
the relations of trade that exists and might be ;
further cultivated between the United States
and that isla,nd, and the great advantage that
it would be both to his people and to the com-
merce and trade of the United States to have a
more direct and speedy and regular communi-
cation. He asks that provision may be made
by law for that purpose. I move that the me-
morial be referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Boads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to present the
memorial and resolutions of St. Louis Board
of Trade, praying Congress to grant the same
subsidy to the Union Pacific railroad, eastern
division, as is now granted to the Union Pacific
Railroad Company, on the ground:
1. That it would prove of the highest econ-
omy to the Government in the transportation
of supplies to new Territories.
2. That it is the best route to the Pacific.
3. That.it would develop a country rich in
minerals.
4. That it would add to the national revenues.
5. That it would tend to the civilization of
the Indians and prevent Indian wars.
6. That the road is not only demanded by
the wants of the Government and essential to
the protection of settlements, but it would
prove invaluable as a means of cementing dis-
tant Territories by the mutual interests of trade
and commerce.
I move that the memorial be referred to th.e
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented the memorial of
William Chinn, a freedman, of Prince William
county, Virginia, praying compensation for
property taken and used by troops of the Uni-
ted States ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. DRAKE presented apetition of contract-
ors for the construction of vessels of war and
steatn machinery, praying the passage of a bill
authorizing the Court of Claims to consider the
claims of all the contractors entitled to relief,
including those to whom awards in part pay-
ment of their claims have been made ; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
J Mr. NORTON presented a petition of cit-
izens of Minnesota, praying sucli legislation as
' will define the status of naturalized citizens of
' this Republic before the world, and to compel
Great Britain to recognize the validity of the
naturalization of those citizens whom she holds
in durance and to reinstate them to the libertici
of which they have been deprived ; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask leave to present
the petition of mechanics and other laboring
men, signed by thousands of persons in the
State of New York, and also a petition very
largely signed by the same class of persons in
the State of Kentucky, asking the enactment
of a law fixing eight hours as a day's work in
! all Government workshops. I move their
l reference to the committee having charge of
i the bill on that subject which came from the
! House of Representatives. I desire to say
| that these petitions were sent originally to a
' member of the House of Representatives, but
as the House had acted upon the subject they
| were handed to me ; and it gives me very great
pleasure to present them to the Senate and ask
their consideration by the committee having
charge of the House bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
referred to lies on the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
; The petitions were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. ROSS presented a petition of William
1 R. Mason, praying compensation for property
taken, used, and destroyed by United States
' troops in 1861; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
4ature of the State of Kansas in favor of the
extinguishment of the Indian title to all that
portion of the Osage reservation lying north
and east of the Arkansas river; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, in relation to the
rights of American citizens in foreign coun-
tries; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Kansas, in favor of a
change of the jurisdiction of the United States
courts pertaining to the Indian country south
of Kansas, from the State or Territory of
Arkansas to the State of Kansas; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
reports of committees.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred resolutions
of the Legislature of Wisconsin in favor of
granting a pension to Calvin Ely, on account
of the military services and death of his only
son, Lieutenant Colonel John H. Ely, of the
tenth regiment Wisconsin volunteers, ask to
be discharged from their further consideration;
and as these resolutions proceed from the
Legislature of one of the States of the Union
I desire to say that these resolutions do not
set forth that this father was dependent upon
his son at or previous to his death, and that if
that fact was set forth and proved h« would be
entitled to receive a pension on application at
the Pension Office.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of George T. Brien, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 314) for the relief of
George T. Brien. The bill was read and passed
