1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
to a second reading, and the report was ordered !
to bo printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Marquis D. L.
Mitchell, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 315) granting a pension to Mar-
quis 1>. L. Mitchell, of the Creek nation of
Indians. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Rebecca V. Senor,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 31C) for the relief of Rebecca V. Senor,
mother of .Tames H. Senor, deceased. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sylvanus Blodget,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 317) granting an increase of pension to Syl-
vanus Blodget, of Jericho, Chittenden county,
Vermont. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed, •
He also, ftom the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Charlotte Posey,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 318) for the relief of Charlotte Posey,
widow of Sebastian R. Posey. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Bridget W. Mc-
Grorty, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (8. No. 319) granting a pension to Bridget
W. McGrorty ana the minor children of Wil-
liam B. McGrorty, deceased. The bill was
read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George Lynch, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
320) for the relief of George Lynch, a soldier of
the war of 1812. The bill was read and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Mary Gaither,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 321) for the relief of Mrs. Mary Gaither,
widow of Wiley Gaither, deceased. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sherman H. Cowles,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 322) granting a pension to Sherman H.
Cowles. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Michael Kelley,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 323) granting a pension to Michael Kel-
ley. The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORTON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 324) for the relief of Thomas Swan; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 325)
to constitute San Antonio, within the collec-
tion district of Saluria, Texas, a port of deliv-
ery; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. THAYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 326) amending an act entitled ilAn act for
the removal of the Winnebago Indians and
for the sale of their reservation in Minnesota
for their benefit;" which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave te introduce a bill (S.
No. 327) to extend the preemption and home-
stead laws of the United States over certain
lands therein named, and for other purposes ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 328) amendatory of an act entitled
"An act donating public lands to the several
States and Territories which may provide col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts," approved July 2, 1862; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DRAKE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. 11. No. 100) for the relief of certain
contractors for the construction of vessels of
war and steam machinery; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
METROPOLITAN COMPANY'S CARS.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire whether any. and
if so what, legislation is necessary to secure safety
and convenience to those who ride in the street cars
of the Metropolitan Railroad Company in the city
of Washington, and to report by bill or otherwise.
VACANCIES IN EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered, by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Retained, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to inquire into the expediency of repealing
or modifying the act temporarily to supply vacan-
cies in the Executive Departments in certain cases,
approved February 20,1863.
MURDER OP AMERICANS AT FORMOSA.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
! olution ; which was considered by unanimous
1 consent, and agreed to:
1 Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if com-
patible with the public interest, a copy of any official
correspondence upon the subject of the murder, by
inhabitants of Formosa, of the ship's company of the
American bark "Rover," wrecked upon the coast
of that island; and also relative to any measures
which may have been adopted for the purpose of
: obtaining redress for the outrage.
COUNSEL IN RECONSTRUCTION CASES.
I Mr. HOWARD. I ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution, and I ask the present action
j of the Senate upon it.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce a joint resolution (S. R. No. 99) to
authorize the Secretary of War to employ
I counsel in certain cases ; which was read twice
(I by its title.
|j Mr. POMEROY. I should like to have the
j resolution read and acted upon now. I know
j! what it is. I have seen the Secretary of War,
II and he wants immediate action.
The Secretary read the resolution, which
proposes to authorize the Secretary of War to
employ counsel for the defense of the General
of the Army, Major General George G. Meade,
and Brevet Brigadier General Thomas H.
Ruger, provisional governor of Georgia, and
any other officer or person intrusted with the
enforcement of the reconstruction acts, or either
of them, against any suit or proceeding in any
court in relation to their official acts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan asks for the present con-
sideration of the joint resolution. It requires
unanimous consent. Is there any objection?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Michigan what necessity there is
for this resolution, inasmuch as it is a well
known fact that the Departments, including
the War Department, are in the habit of em-
ploying counsel in cases where, in the opinion
of the heads of Departments, it becomes neces-
sary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
| Senator object to the present consideration of
the joint resolution? If he does it must go
over.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall not object if it
be necessary; but I wish to make an inquiry,
not to debate it. I desire to inquire why it is
necessary to pass this resolution, in view of
the fact that the Departments, including the
War Department, have been in the habit of
employing counsel at their discretion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made to the present consideration
of the resolution it is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWARD. The best explanation that
can be made is found in a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, which I beg leave to send to
the Chair.
Mr. POMEROY. The Secretary of War
thinks there is no authority of law authorizing
him to employ counsel. Heads of Depart-
ments have sometimes employed counsel, but
it has been objected to, and he regards the
authority as somewhat doubtful.
Mr. HOWARD. I send the letter to the
Chair, and ask that it be read.
; The Secretary read the following letter:
' "War Department,
Washington City, February 5,1868.
Sir: General Meade and General Ruger. in Geor-
1 gia, have applied to this Department to defend them
in a suit about to be prosecuted in the Supreme
Court of the United States by the latcGovernor Jen-
i kins against them for an injunction against their
official acts under the reconstruction acts oj Congress,
j I would respectfully rccommend the immediate pas-
] sage of a joint resolution authorizing the Secretary
! of War to employ counsel for the purpose indicated.
The power might be exercised, perhaps, without such
, special authority; but it might be well for Congress
to indicate its view for their indemnification.
Yours, truly,
E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.
Hon. Henry Wilson, Chairman of Military Commit-
tee of (he Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to the
passage of the resolution if it be necessary;
but without knowing what are the questions
which are involved in the case which it is sup-
posed is about to be brought into the Supreme
Court of the United States I cannot imagine
' why the Attorney General of the United States
| cannot appear.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Mary-
land is not aware, perhaps, that the Attorney
General is placed in a very awkward position;
he has expressed an opinion, I understand, that
the laws are unconstitutional, and hence has
; declined to appear.
i Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
does not understand me. I said that without
knowing what were the questions which are to
be brought before the Supreme Court I should
be unwilling to authorize the Secretary of War
or any other Secretary to employ counsel to
defend the United States or any officer acting
under the authority of the United States in the
Supreme Court. If the questions which it is
supposed will be involved in the case which it
is apprehended will be brought against General
Meade and General Ruger involve the inquiry
as to the constitutionality of these laws, that
is another question.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is confined to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it confined to that?
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution is con-
fined to cases growing up under the reconstruc-
tion acts.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not hear it in that
way. Let it be read again.
The Secretary again read the joint resolution.
Mr. HOWARD. It is notorious that the
Attorney General of the United States, whose
duty it would be ordinarily to appear as counsel
for the War Department of the Government,
and whose duty it is by the law of the land so to
appear, has, upon a very important occasion,
declined to appear for that Department in the
Supreme Court. He has refused to discharge his
duty, because it seems that he has solemnly pre-
judged the whole case itself. He has come to
the conclusion that ourwhole system of recon-
struction acts is unconstitutional and void;
and therefore his professional conscience, for
which I suppose we ought to entertain a very
high respect, does not permit him to appear as
counsel for the authorities of the United States
