982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
V '
who are engaged in the enforcement of those '
laws. It is, therefore, incumbent upon Con- !
gress to provide in some form, it seems to me,
for the assistance of officers who are engaged
in carrying out our reconstruction laws, and
to enable them to employ counsel; and that is
the object of this resolution.
It appears to me, Mr. President, to be, to
say the least of it, a very singular state of
things that the law officer of the Government
has for some reason pnt himself in such an
attitude in reference to the legislation of Con-
gress that he has refused to go into the Supreme
Court to defend that legislation. If we cannot
have the counsel that we are entitled to we are
necessarily.driven to the necessity of employ-
ing other counsel. It seems to me strange, sir,
that an officer of that high grade and of that
solemn responsibility should, under any cir-
cumstances, before a judgment has been pro-
nounced by the Supreme Court of the United
States, have entertained and expressed the
opinion that the legislation of Congress was
unconstitutional and void. It only shows, in
my judgment, to what great lengths the spirit
of partisanism may drive a man, even uncon-
sciously to himself.
Mr. SHERMAN. The propriety of the pas-
sage of this resolution is sufficiently stated, but
at the same time I do not think the Attorney
General ought to be called upon in any case to
act where he has openly committed himself to
the opinion that the law which he is defending
is unconstitutional. I am not disposed to cast j
stones at the Attorney General for this opinion, !
because he was required, in performing the
highest duty of his office, in giving advice to
the President of the United States, to pass
semi judicially upon these laws. He undoubt-
edly gave the opinion to the President of the
United States in pursuance of law that the
principal, main, and leading provisions of the
reconstruction acts are unconstitutional. I
have no doubt that the Attorney General was
honest in that opinion ; he gave it after exam-
ination; but Congress was not bound by his
opinion, and Congress passed these laws over,
you may say, the veto of the Attorney General,
over the opinion of the Attorney General.
Having done so, it is scarcely right for us either
to call in question the sincerity or honesty of
his opinions, or to call upon him to reverse his
opinion and to defend the opposite view before
the Supreme Court of the United States. In
either view, it is very proper that this joint
resolution should be passed, and at the same
time it should be remembered that the opinion
expressed by the Attorney General of the un-
constitutionality of these acts was given by him
in the discharge of his duty in pursuance of the
high duty imposed upon him by the law creat-
ing his office in advising the President of the
United States. He having given that opinion
and come to that conclusion, as a matter of
course it is improper for Congress to call upon
him to contend for the constitutionality of the
very acts which he has pronounced unconsti-
tutional.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am glad that the honor-
able member from Ohio (though not surprised
at it) should have said what he has in relation
to the Attorney General; and although I am
sure the henorable memberfrom Michigan does
not design to do injustice to that officer, yet, as
I think, he has done very great injustice to him.
Under the act constituting the otfice of Attor-
ney General the President or any head of an
executive department has a right to call upon
the Attorney General for his opinion upon all
questions which may be before them. The
President, therefore, had a right to call upon
that officer to give him his opinion upon the
constitutionality of this legislation of ours. He
could not refuse to give that opinion. That
was given in advance of the final passage of the
laws; it was given to enable the President to
act understandingly upon the question of law
which those measures would involve; and in
the discharge of that duty I am sure the At-
torney General acted most conscientiously.
Whether he is mistaken or not is immaterial
to this inquiry. I have the charity to believe—
indeed I know, from the character of the man—
that he acted with perfect propriety, and that
the opinion to which he came upon the subject
was one which he sincerely entertained. That
opinion was given in writing. It is a reasoning
opinion, supported byargument. Now, suppose
that he was to appear in the Supreme Court of
the United States in a case which must be de-
cided the one way or the other, as those laws
may be held to be constitutional or otherwise,
and his own opinion, if he attempted there to
show that thoy were constitutional, was cited
against him, what answer could he make?
Could he say that he had changed that opinion ?
Certainly not, unless he had changed ; but 1 as-
sume now that he entertains the same opinion.
It would, therefore, in my view, have been very
improper in him to appear in the Supreme
Court in these cases, because it would not be
doingjustice to the controversy, to the legisla-
tion of Congress. It is much better that the
laws, if their constitutionality is involved in any
case in the Supreme Court, shall be vindicated
by counsel who have not only not given any
opinion to the contrary, but who entertain an
opinion in consonance with the views of Con-
gress.
\ I do not know what the honorable member
from Michigan would have done in such a
: case as that. Certainly the only reason I have
to doubt that he would have pursued the same
course with the Attorney General is that he
has commented with some uukindness upon
the course of that officer. But I think I know
the honorable member so well as to be justi-
fied in saying that if he had in his official capa-
city given an opinion in favor of the laws, as he
has done in the Senate of the United States,
he would not have consented to be employed
by any person who alleged the laws to be un-
constitutional and appear in the Supreme Court
of the United States to maintain that view.
That I am certain of; and I am certain, speak-
ing for myself, that if I had given such ati
j opinion as Attorney General, one way or the
| other, or if I had expressed it in debate in this
! Chamber .one way or the other, I would not
have consented to appear before the Supreme
Court and maintain an opposite opinion to the
one which I had expressed. It would involve
counsel very seriously, I think, in point of char-
acter. The judges would say at on ce,1' What con-
fidence can we have in the opinion of counsel
who to-day express one and to-morrow express
another?"
It seems to me, therefore, that, in order to a
correct presentation of the case before the Su-
preme Court of the United States, there should
be some counsel who really entertain the doc-
triue maintained by the honorable member
from Michigan and by a majority of Congress,
that these laws are constitutional.
Mr. HOWAPtD. Mr. President, in what I
said in reference to the Attorney General, I
intended nothing personally unkind to him ;
nor do I think it can be justly said of me that
in my remarks I did him any injustice. I took
the liberty merely to state a fact perfectly no-
torious, that he had declined to appear in the
Supreme Court in a certain very important case
in which the constitutionality of the recon-
struction acts was drawn in question, and that
I supposed he had thus declined because he
did not hold those acts to bd constitutional.
Now, sir, there is a very easy and a very sim-
ple remedy for all this. If the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, whose sworn duty
it is to assist ill the enforcement of the laws
and to appear for the various heads of Depart-
ments in that court, declines to do so on ac-
count of conscientious or constitutional scru-
ples, the remedy is within his immediate reach.
The Congress of the United States, the law-
making power, certainly would not attempt to
exercise any hardship upon his conscience, or
to constrain him to go into court and argue
contrary to his own convictions; and I do not
believe that any regrets would be uttered if he
should resort to the simplest remedy in his
power, and resign his place and give that place
to some individual who would be willing to
perform his sworn duty.
It is no very hard task, sir, even for the
Attorney General, I fancy, to resign his place,
if it has become so uncomfortable to him as to
distress his conscience, especially if lie is in
such an attitude, by his own course of conduct
and the formation of his own opinions, that he
finds it impossible conscientiously to perform
the duties imposed upon him by law. The
remedy is simple and easy. 1 bring no charge
of insincerity against the Attorney General; I
express my regret, however, that that high law
officer of the Government should find himself
in an attitude which, conscientiously, as he
and his friends here would have it, forbids and
prohibits him to appear in court and discharge
his duty there.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think myself
that this resolution should pass; I therefore
make no opposition to it; but I do not under-
stand the statement of the honorable Senator
from Michigan, that the Attorney General had
refused to do his duty, to be entirely correct.
A motion was made in the State of Mississippi
by Mr. Cardie for a writ of habeas corpus on
the ground that he was illegally imprisoned by
the military authorities in that State, against
the Constitution of the United States and its
provisions. If I understand aright, this motion
was made in the name of the United States.
Whenever a citizen of the United States is
imprisoned illegally, or thinks himself impris-
oned illegally, by the authorities of the United
States, a motion for a writ of habeas corpus to
being his body up before a court for the invest-
igation of that question is made in the name
of the United States. I was present in the
Supreme Court and heard the Attorney Gen-
eral state the ground upon which he had de-
cided not to appear in opposition to that
motion, coming up as it did by appeal from
the order of the district court in Mississippi,
and he placed it upon two grounds. In the
first place, he said he had been called upon
officially by the President of the United States
to give his opinion in relation to the validity
and the constitutionality of the reconstruction
acts, and he had given his opinion deliberately,
upon mature examination, to the President
that they were unconstitutional; he therefore
declined to appear, in resistance to the applica-
tion of Mr. Cardie for a writ of habeas corpus,
on that ground. But he stated another ground:
that the motion itself ran in the name of the
United States of America; and therefore,
according to form and according to principle,
if he appeared on any side whatever it was in
favor of the United States of America, inquir-
ing by what authority one of its citizens was
held, as he charged, in illegal imprisonment.
I think, sir, that the Attorney General has
shown no dereliction in the performance of his
duty in this matter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will add but one word
to the suggestions already made in regard to
the Attorney General, and that is in reply to
a remark of the Senator from Michigan. I
think his opinion in regard to the duty of an
attorney, whether he represents the Govern-
ment or a private citizen, does not agree with
my own. I do not think it is the duty—more
than that, I do not think it is the privilege—of
an attorney-at-law, whether he represents a
Government or a citizen, to reprasent the law
to the court or the facts to the jury otherwise
than in his judgment he believes them to be.
And if the Attorney General is of the opinion
that certain enactments by Congress are not
consistent with the Constitution of the United
States it is not his right, much less his duty,
to make an argument against his convictions.
When a case comes before the Supreme Court
depending upon the question whether the Con-
stitution is the law or an act of Congress is
the law, the Attorney General must speak the
truth, whether he addresses the President in
Cabinet or the court in trying a case. Does
the Senator say otherwise? Does the Senator
from Michigan say that it is the duty of the
attorney for the Government in any cause
