1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
whatever to maintain before the Cabinet or to
maintain before the court that an act of Con-
gross is the law when iudeed he believes the
Constitution to be the law?
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state what my view is on that sub-
ject ; I supposed I had done so already. The
Senate will pardon me for going into it again.
I suppose the facts of this case to be just these:
that the Attorney General was consulted by
the President as to the constitutionality of
some one of our reconstruction bills before the
bill had become a law according to the forms
of the Constitution, and that, on being so con-
sulted, he gave the President his professional
opinion that the bill was unconstitutional. I
take it that is the fact; is it not ? It was an
opinion given when the bill was before the
President for siguature, for approval. It was
not an opinion, if I understand it, given after
the two-thirds vote of both Houses had been
cast, finally passing the bill; and it seems to
me that, without much stretch of the profes-
sional conscience, and without any very severe
blow upon the sensibilities of the Attorney
General or anybody else, he might safely have
taken for granted, after a vote of two thirds
of both Houses had been taken and the bill
passed, that the bill was the law of the land
until the Supreme Court, in a proper case in-
volving it distinctly aud diractly, had deter-
mined that the law itself thus passed was uncon-
stitutional. I do not believe even in the right
of the Attorney General in limine, before a
bill has become a law, to set up his opinion
against the validity of the bill after it shall
have become a law. It is going, in my judg- |
ment, entirely too far. Some deference, I think,
ought to be shown to the opinion of the two
Houses of Congress and the two-thirds vote,
and I do not, therefore, believe that it would
be any violation of professional delicacy on the
part of the Attorney General to go into court
after the bill has become a law and insist upon
its constitutionality, quoting, of course, as his
indorsers, the two Houses of Congress, who are
as good judges as he.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I submit to the Sen-
ator from Michigan whether the vote of two
thirds of Congress makes a law constitutional?
Mr. HOWARD. Prima facie, I think it does.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am glad the Senator
has come right to that proposition, because he
had to stand there if he could make any criti-
cism upon the conduct of the Attorney Gen-
eral. The Constitution declares itself to be
the supreme law of the land, and an act of
Congress is not supreme as above the Consti-
tution. If the act of Congress be not con-
sistent with the Constitution it is simply no
law; if it be in accordance with the Constitu-
tion it is a law. The Senator knows very well,
because the President has so declared in his
message, that in regard to these reconstruc-
tion acts the President and his law adviser, as
a matter of course, after Congress had enacted
them, in the discharge of executive duties,
recognized them as laws. In that respect they
did all that the Senator could ask. As exec-
utive officers of the Government they did not
dispute the constitutionality of the laws, but
saw to their execution."
But, sir, the question of the constitutionality
of the laws comes before the Supreme Court,
brought there not by the Attorney General but
by a citizen, who says that his rights stand upon
the Constitution, aud that his rights, based upon
the Constitution, are violated by the acts ofCon-
gress, and he asks the judgment of the highest
court in the land in regard to his rights as pro-
tected by the Constitution. Then does the Sen-
ator say that when the judiciary is called upon
to pass on this question whether the Constitu-
tion shall stand as the law or the act of Con-
gress, it is the duty of the Attorney General to
go before that court and to make an argument
that he does not believe? I wish I had before
me the statutes of the State of Indiana, which
define in plain words the duty of an attorney.
First, above all, that code declares that the
attorney shall be true to the court in an argu-
ment of a question of law and true to the jury
in an argument of a question of fact. Then I
deny the right of any Senator to criticise the
conduct of the Attorney General when the At-
torney General stands upon his judgment in that
court. The question before the court is not an
executive one, but legitimately and properly it
comes before that court to say whether the Con-
stitution in this case is the law or the act of
Congress ; and in giving advice to that court
and urging an argument to that court the At-
torney General or any other attorney, whether
employed by the Government or otherwise, must
speak what he believes to be the law.
But, Mr. President, I am notable to see why
this resolution should be pressed. It is known
to us, it is known to all the country that the
Departments have been in theliubit of employ-
ing attorneys and paying them. Why, sir, we
have a distinguished case here in this city of
attorneys employed to prosecute a man. I have
observed in the State of Indiana over and over
again that attorneys are employed at the public
expense to defend criminals that are unable to
employ counsel themselves; but the extraordi-
nary spectacle has been presented of hired attor-
neys paid by the Government, without any ex-
press authority of Congress such as is sought
here, many thousands of dollars, I believe, to
prosecute a man when the attorney appointed
according to law was in the court at the time.
Then why does the War Department come
here now and ask this special permission? In
my opinion, it is simply to make a parade of
the matter before Congress and the country.
Why, sir, it is asked to employ counsel be-
fore a case is brought into the court at all.
It seems from tbe letter that the Senator from
Michigan has caused to be read that the case
has not yet been instituted, but there is a fear
that a case will be brought. I do not know
whether the Departments have acted pursuant
to law ; but it has been a uniform practice of
late years to employ attorneys in particular
cases. I believe it to be right in some cases.
I never heard it questioned that they might
employ counsel in proper cases. It seems to
have been recognized in several Administra-
tions and not disputed. Now, sir, if there is
a proper case in the courts for the Department
to employ counsel, it seems, according to the
practice, they have the authority to do it. It
seems to me that this is simply a parade of the
matter for some purpose beyond the mere
necessity of obtaining congressional permis-
sion to do the thing asked, because that De-
] partment and other Departmen ts have exercised
the right without this special permission.
lMr. CONN ESS. Mr. President 
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
; ing hour having expired, House bill No. 439,
known as the supplementary reconstruction
bill, is before the Senate, the pending question
being on the motion to refer the bill with in-
structions to the Committee on the Judiciary,
on which questiou the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] has the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. May I ask the Senator
from Maine to let that be laid aside informally
for a moment? I think we can come to a vote
on this resolution without any further discus-
sion. I think the Senate is prepared to vote
upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
done by unanimous consent. Is there any
objection to continuing the consideration of
this joint resolution ?
Mr. BUCKALEYV. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Being ob-
jected to, it goes over.
Mr. CONN ESS. A vote of the Senate will
lay over the special order, will it not?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will, of
course, if such a motion is made.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone its
consideration for twenty minutes, in which
time this resolution will be disposed of, un-
doubtedly.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator would not
limit the time we should arrive at the vote
quicker.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The post-
ponement will have to be limited by the rules.
Mr. CONNESS. That is the decision of
the Chair, and I make the motion accordingly.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I will only occupy a mo-
ment of time in stating 
Mr. EDMUNDS. The joint resolution has
gone over and will have to be called up again.
It has been displaced by the special order.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the joint resolution
which was superseded a few moments ago by
the order of the day.
The motion was agreed to; and the consid-
eration of Senate joint resolution No. 99 was
resumed as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise, not to consume time,
but merely to say that I think there is an aspect
of this case, which may be stated in a few
moments, to which the honorable Senator from
Indiana has not paid attention. I think he will
remember a case in which the honorable Attor-
ney General appeared, that of a proceeding in
the Supreme Court for an injunction in a cer-
tain case from Mississippi, in which that offi-
cer, for the time being, waived any opinions
individual to him that he might have, and made
what was pronounced by the best judgment of
the country a very able argument, so able that
the court were convinced that they had no
jurisdiction in the case and dismissed the pro-
ceeding. The first time after that proceeding
by the Attorney General that I have any recol-
lection of when he appeared to have arrived at
a contrary opinion was at a certain political
celebration that occurred in this city on the
evening of the 8th of January, where, for the
first time, he developed, not before a court, but
before a set of politicians organizing for the
political control of the country, his conscien-
tious scruples to further appear as an attorney
in behalf of the United States where questions
involving the acts of reconstruction were in-
volved; in fact, where he formally and expli-
citly, as I think, pronounced them unconstitu-
tional and void, and went much further. That
was not done before a court.
The honorable Senator from Indiana denies
the right of any Senator here, as I understood
him, to discuss the question of whether the
Attorney General shall stand before a court
and plead in such a case as is comprehended
by this resolution. I wish the honorable Sen-
ator had drawn into his consideration the pro-
priety of the appearance of the Attorney Gen-
eral at that party of political persons where he
brought into question the constitutionality of acts
of Congress, and for the first time declared his
inability to appear as their legal advocate here-
after. I understand that now, of course, he is
forced to the position when he appears in court
of not appearing in behalf of the United States
or the persons who are sued in the name of the
United States.
This is an aspect of the case that must have
failed to strike the attention or be retained in
the memory of my honorable friend from In-
diana. In my humble judgment, if the honor-
able Senator will permit me to venture an
opinion here, as he has questioned our right to
discuss the Attorney General in this connec-
tion, I think it would"have become the Attorney
General, the day and the hour that he could not
appear in behalf of laws passed by the Con-
gress of the United States and for their vindica-
tion in the courts of the country, to lay down
his commission and retire to private practice.
That is my opinion upon that point. I hope,
sir, that the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the At-
torney General appeared in the Mississippi
case, not toargue the reconstruction laws upon
their merits at all, nor upon the question of
power involved in their enactment. He ap
peared there to discuss simply and singly the
question of the jurisdiction of the court; and
his argument was satisfactory to the court, and
they did not assume jurisdiction and did not
proceed to act upon the question of the validity
of the laws brought into this debate. That
