986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Barnes, Bannum. Beck, Benjamin, Blaine, Blair,
lioyer. Brooks. Burr, Chauler, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge,
lh'Ujr?, 1-Mi'iJge. 1-YrrUs Fox, Getz, (llossbreimer,
liolladay, Gravely, llriswold, Grover, llaight, Haw-
kins, llul, HoteUkiss, Hulbuul. Humphrey, Jenekes,
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, lvnott, T.ailin, Mallory, Mar-
shall, M arvin, Mr'"'win . M 'uUwirjh. Monran,
Mullins, Muusen, N iblack, XichoUon, Nunn,Peters,
Phelps, Pile, Poland, Pruyu, Randall, Haum, lloss,
Sitsjreaves, Mnith, Starkweather, Stewart, Stone, Ta-
ber, Tnffe, Thomas, Lawrence S. Trimble, Twiehell,
Van Auk en. Van Trump, 'William B. Washburn,
Thomas Williams, JamesF. Wilson, Woodbridge, and
Woodward—7~>.
NUT VOTIXO!—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, Banks, liinsrham, liromwell, Cary, Covode,
Donnelly, Finney, Hooper, Asahel W.Hubbard, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Richard D. Hubbard, Incersoll,
Keteham, Georfte V. Lawrence, Lincoln, McCarthy,
Morrissey, Plants, Poineroy, Robertson, Robinson,
Solve, Shellabaraer. Van AVyek, Elihu I!. Wash-
burnc, Stephen 1\ Wilson, Windom, and Wood—31.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
MESSAGK FROM T11E PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Colonel William G. Moore, his Sec-
retary, who also informed the House that a
bill (H. R. No. 2131 entitled "An act to sus-
pend further reduction of the currency" hav-
ing been presented to the President on the 23d
day of January. 1868, and not having been
returned by him within ten days, (Sundays
excepted,) has become a law under the Con-
stitution of the United States.
RIGHTS OJ AMERICAN CITIZENS ABROAD.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now commenced, and the House resumes the
consideration of House bill No. 684, concern-
ing the rights of American citizens abroad,
upon which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. j
Judd] is entitled to the floor for thirty-one i
minutes. !
Mr. LOGAN. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Judd] to yield to me for a few minutes.
Mr. JUDD. I am willing to do so if it does
not come out of my time.
The SPEAKER. It will not, unless the
regular order is insisted on.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will it ;
come out of tlie morning hour? j
The SPEAKER. It will come out of the
morning hour. i
Mr. LOGAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. A member cannot be
taken from tlie floor by a privileged question
without his consent.
Mr. BURR. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order having
been called for, the member from Illinois [Mr.
Jcdd] must proceed or surrender the floor
entirely. |
Mr. JUDD. Mr. Speaker, at the close of
the morning hour yesterday I had commenced
some criticisms upon the bill now under con-'
sideration. Before I proceed with those criti-
cisms this morning I desire to read a short ex-
tract from a letter which I received this morning
from one of the most prominent Germans in the
Northwest in relation to this bill. He writes :
" Much better kill it [the bill] if you can get no bet-
ter one. The whole German press is in a rage; they
are pitchin? in right and left. Why does he make
distinctions between native and adopted citizens?"
With that statement I propose to proceed
with the criticisms upon that bill which I had
prepared before the receipt of that letter. I
had passed over so much of the bill as is con-
tained in the first and second clauses of the first
section, and had endeavored to demonstrate
that they were in conflict with each other. I
now propose to criticise the proviso accompa-
nying the first section, and I call the attention
of honorable members to the language used in
that proviso.
The second clause in the proviso reads as
follows:
Or of desertion from actual service in the Army or
Navy of such State or from any military or naval con-
fccription that shall have been actually ordered by
such State.
Mr. Speaker, one of the grievous wrongs
now complained of is the impressment of citi-
zens of the United States into the military ser-
vice of some of the German Powers. The lan-
guage of this bill actually withdraws from such
citizens all protection until they have actually
performed military service to the Government
under which they were born, no matter how
long they may have been citizens of the United
States. The laws of Prussia make every man
liable to serve in the army. He is a conscript
from his birth, and at the age of twenty years
mast render himself for service. This bill pos-
iti\sely withdraws all protection from any per-
son born iu Prussia until he has performed
military duty under her laws, and, practically,
no one leaving Prussia before he is twenty-
three years old can claim protection from the
United States. The next proviso in relation
to not protecting a person who has obtained
naturalization by fraud is singular, when we
recollect the rule of law that fraud vitiates all
contracts, even records ; and the claim for pro-
tection is no exception to this rule. Tlie Uni-
ted States never has and never wiH knowingly
give protection to a person claiming it under a
fraudulent certificate of naturalization. So in
the proviso relating to treason. No legislator
can believe that it is necessary to enact a law
saying that traitors should not have protection.
Why, Mr. Speaker, traitors are outlaws. It
is rather amusing to think that this Congress
is compelled to enact that an outlaw wander-
ing in foreign lands, Breckinridge-like, should
not receive protection. So, also, as to the pro-
viso that no protection shall be given to one
who has reuounced'his citizenship. There can
be no pretense for such an enactment. By the
renunciation the person ceases to be a citizen
of the United States, and all right or claim to
protection vanisheswith it. The final proviso
in the first section denies protection to the
citizen—
Who shall establish a continuous residence for a
term not exceeding five years, and shall fail to make
report of his property for taxation as herein pro-
vided.
The return for taxation required by the third
section is an—
Annual return of his property for taxation to the
assessor of internal revenue for the district of the
United States iu which said citizen last resided.
In plain terms, therefore, the naturalized citi-
zen is disowned by the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and forfeits its protection against any
foreign priuce or potentate if he remains con-
tinuously beyond the limits of the United States
for five years and fails to make return to the
tax assessor of his district. Can anything
analogous to such a condition be found in the
laws of any nation on the globe? Even in
Russia national protection is lost by disap-
pearance for the term of ten years from the
place of domicile. It is to be observed that
an intention to emigrate or change domicile
forms no part of the condition. Emigration
to another country to seek a permanent home,
or an intentional change of domicile, may
equally deprive a naturalized or native-born
citizen of protection by the Government from
which he emigrated, for they are cases of vol-
untary expatriation and renunciation of that
Government; but this bill renounces the natu-
ralized citizen who goes abroad and remains
five years, with no intention to emigrate or
change his domicile, but in the pursuit of
health, study, pleasure, or business, and with
the intention to return and retain his domicile
in the United States. Such a forfeiture of cit-
izenship in the native-born citizen would in
this age shock the feelings and the under-
standing of every one. It is in direct conflict
with the principle asserted in the commence-
ment of the bill, chaining the naturalized citi-
zen to the soil with a five years' tether and the
thumb-screw of taxation A more ingenious
expedient for the torment of naturalized citi-
zens and the check of emigration to the Uni-
ted States could not be devised by the most
ingenious foreign diplomacy. The native-born
citizen is not and cannot be subjected to such
a condition, and if applied to the naturalized
citizens what becomes of your boasted equality ?
But, Mr. Speaker, the proposed redress for
the wrongs perpetrated toward our naturalized
citizens is the most remarkable provision in
this very singular bill. Section two provides
•' that if any Government shall arrest any nat-
uralized citizen, and unreasonably delay or
refuse to relent him, the President is empow-
ered to order the arrest and detain in custody
any subject or citizen of such foreign Govern-
ment who maybe found within the jurisdiction
of the United States," and report, his action to
Congress. If we were not engaged in a mat-
ter that does not permit of trilling such an
enactment might cause a smile. As a means
of redressing a wrong the proposition is a
farce, and as a mode of punishment it is bar-
barism. The remedy proposed is at variance
with all the principles recognized by modern
civilized Governments in their dealings with
one another. It does not propose to relieve
the suffering party or punish the wrong doer,
but to inflict suffering upon any innocent,
helpless, private person who may have come
within our territory in the most innocent and
peaceful pursuits. It presents the Govern-
ment of the United States in the attitude of
shirking its national obligations, and instead
of protecting its citizens in a manner becom-
ing a great Power, making reprisals upon a
helpless private individual. iNo one can be-
lieve that any European Government would
fail to make such a seizure a cause for imme-
diate war.
The United States would not have the same
excuse that King Theodore of Abyssinia has.
He says those Englishmen were conspirators.
It is to be observed that this power given to
the President may involve us in war. In the
existing state of things he may at any moment
bring on war with any and all the European
nations. The power ofseizure is left to his will,
and thus he would have under his control every
foreigner who touched our shores, any one of
whom might be selected for his victim. The
objections already considered render any de-
tailed examination of the other sections almost
superfluous. The third section, it will be ob-
served, deprives of protection any naturalized
citizen who shall return to his native "country
with intent to resume his domicile therein,
waiving any controversy as to the justness of
this provision had it stood alone. Its manifest
hardship and injustice is exhibited by the
fourth section, which defines domicile to mean
continuous residence for more than five years
in his native country or establishing himself in
any business.
The fourth section says that the naturalized
citizen shall not be entitled to the protection
of the Government if, among other things,
"he shall fail to make annual return of his
property for taxation to the assessor of inter-
nal revenue for the district of the United States
in which said citizen last resided." This con-
dition is more stringent and obnoxious than
the provision in second section already re-
marked upon. For any failure to make the
specified return for taxation forfeits the protec-
tion of the United States. Such are the plain
terms of the bill. Would any legislator apply
that to the native-born citizen? If not, why
apply it to the naturalized citizen ? Is this the
boasted equality of rights between citizens?
Again, this section further forfeits protection
if any naturalized citizen " shall engage as an
army or navy belligerent in any foreign war or
service." Does the author of this bill mean
this?
Engagement as a belligerent may justly for-
feit protection as against the parties at war
with each other, but as to all other nations the
right of protection still remains. If in the
existing war between Great Britain and the
Emperor of _Abyssinia a naturalized citizen
should join either party, he would by his own
act become subject to the laws and fortunes of
war; but on what principle can it be claimed
that his belligerency in that war subjects him
to the duty of military service to the Emperor
of Austria or the King of Prussia, and why
should he not have-the same protection as
against them that would be afforded to a native-
born citizen? By the express terms of the
