1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
98T
section the forfeiture of protection is limited
to naturalized citizens.
Mr. Speaker, I have thus far commented
upon the provisions in this bill and have not
attempted to criticise its peculiar phraseology.
There is one general remark that I wish to
make, or rather question to put, to the friends
of this or any similar measure. Why is it that
as soon as the rights of naturalized citizens are
spoken of there seems to be a desire to hunt
up disabilities, imagiuary or supposed difficul-
ties, notify foreign Governments what points
might be made against such naturalized citi-
zens, and thus furnishing food for controversy
ut their expense ? Is it not possible to declare
what our principles are and leave it to those
who resist their application to find the excep-
tion that shall take any particular case out of
the operations of the rules that we lay down?
It is sufficient for us to declare our principles
and leave the special pleading against our case
to the other side. If I have listened aright to
some other propositions that have been pre-
sented to this House, the evil genius of this bill
upon these particular points seems to have
influenced some of those propositions.
This bill remits to diplomacy again the
question that diplomacy has thus far failed to
settle. If this bill had been drafted in a dip-
lomatic bureau for the express purpose of
leaving open aud multiplying questions for
that hair-splitting correspondence that never
ends, aud this paltering in a double sense, from
which vigorous action rarely springs, it could
not have been more ingeniously prepared.
Taking it together, you do not advance one
step toward a practical remedy lor the griev-
ances of naturalized citizens, some of which
are described in the report that accompanies
this bill, as follows:
"The correspondence transmitted to Congress
shows- that naturalized citizens of the United States,
being: present iti (rrc.it Britain, without the commis-
sion of any offense, have been arrested, tried, con-
victed, sentenced, and punished as criminals, upon
the ground that they were natural-born subjects of
the crown; that their allegiance was perpetual and
indefeasible except by its consent; and that they
were therefore subject to its laws and liable to pun-
ishment not only lor offenses committed within its
jurisdiction but for words spoken and acts performed
in the United States. They claim the protection of
their adopted country, which has made them citizens
aud conferred upon them the same rights, both at
home and abroad, which are enjoyed by native-born
Americans. The Government is in duty bound to
listeti to their appeal and to protect them in their
rights. The President called the especial attention
of Congress to this subject in his last annual mes-
sage."
Mr. Speaker, this is not my language but that
of the report; from my stand-point the remedy
should take an entirely different form ; instead
of a bill it should be a declaration of principles
with instructions to the Executive to act.
Notwithstanding the failure to obtain the
information called for by the resolution of the
House some time since, which would have
enabled the country to see in all their deform-
ity the enormous wrongs perpetrated by the
British Government against our naturalized
fellow-citizens, yet enough light appears in the
report of the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations to enable us to see the urgent
necessity for immediate action on the part of
our Government for their relief and the prompt
vindication of our national duty and authority,
and that we can no Tonger stand by and witness
the oppression of military impressments, mock
trials, cruel imprisonment, inflicted upon citi-
zens of the United States by foreign Govern-
ment. In conclusion, I submit the following
propositions, as embodying, in my judgment,
the rights of naturalized citizens and the obli-
gations of protection due to them from the
Government of the United States:
1. The Government of the United States was estab-
lished on the principle that every individual man
has an inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness, and that governments were insti-
tuted among meu to secure those rights; and as a
means necessary to secure them the express power to
establish a uniform rule of naturalization was vested
in Congress by the first article of the Constitution of
the United States.
2. That since 1790 this constitutional power has
been exercised by Congress and for more than three
quarters of a century, during which period many
millions of people from foreign lands have abjured
allegiance to the governments under which they were
born, and relying upon the naturalization laws of the
United States and the faith of the Government for
their protection, have become citizens of the United
States, contributing by their industry, intelligence,
and patriotism to the national prosperity, national
security, and national honor.
3. That by the Constitution and laws of the United
States no distinction is made between the rights of
citizenship belonging to native-born citizens and to
naturalized citizens of the United States born in
other countries or in the protection due to them from
the Government; both classes, subject to the same
national duties of citizenship, are justly entitled to
the same national protection, the solitary distinc-
tion being that tho President must be native-born.
4. That the naturalization laws of the United States
made pursuant to the Constitution, and in force since
1802, required foreign-born persons, as a condition of
becoming naturalized citizens of the United States, to
abjure all allegiance and fidelity to any other Gov-
ernment, "to absolutely and entirely renounce and
abjure all allegiance and fidelity to any foreign
prince, potentate. State, or sovereignty whatever,"
and particularly by name the Power, potentate. State,
or sovereignty whereof he was beforo a citizen or
subject; and hence tho principles and doctrines ot the
English common law and all other conflicting doc-
trines and principles of the systems of jurisprudence
respecting the rights and duties of foreign-born citi-
zens of the United States were abolished within the
jurisdiction and territory of the United States.
5. The obligations of a Government to protect and
defend its native-born citizens at all times and in all
countries is conceded in all civilized States aud sov-
ereignties ; and naturalized citizens having the same
rights as native born under the Constitution and
laws of the United States, they are entitled to the
same protection, and henco against any exaction of
military or other servico or duty which it would be
the duty of the United States Government to pro-
tect its native-born citizens from it is equally bound
to afford protection, assistance, andredross in behalf
of its naturalized citizens.
6. That the naturalization laws of tho United
States form a part of its national and political sys-
tem, in force tor nearly three quarters of a century,
and all foreign Governments who&e citizons have
heretofore become naturalized are chargeable with
notice and acquiescence therein, which cannot now
be controverted with due regard to the rights and
dignity of the United States Government.
7. The war with Great Britain inl812was in a great
measure brought on by the violation of the rights of
naturalized citizens of the United States, and since
that time the impressment of seamen because of
their alleged native allegiance to theerown has been
in practice abandoned by the British Government.
8. That Congress has tho power to declare and vin-
dicate the rights of naturalized citizens and their
present condition and treatment in foreign countries
shows that their protection cannot safely be in-
trusted exclusively to the executive department, but
should be enforced by imperative laws.
9. That naturalized citizens charged with crime in
a foreign land are entitled to the protection of the
United States to the extent that it shall see that tho
laws of such country are fairly and impartially ad-
ministered without prejudice or perversion.
10. That theUnited States are in duty bound to see
that no citizen of the U nited States is tried or punished
within a foreign jurisdiction for acts done or words
uttered within tho United States or any other coun-
try except that wherein the prosecution is instituted.
11. That it is the duty of tho Government of the
United States to demand the immediato discharge
and release of all citizens restrained of their liberty
in violation of the principles herein declared and
just reparation for the wrong any citizen may have
suffered.
Resolved, That the executive department be in-
structed to carry out tho deetrines and enforce the
rights herein enunciated, and to report to Congress
any refusal or neglecton the part of any foreign Gov-
ernment to recognize the demand so made.
I have promised to yield the remainder of
my time to my colleague, [Mr. Logan.] I
will ask the Chair to inform me how much
time I h&ve left.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has seven
minutes of his time remaining.
Mr. PRUYN. Before the gentleman yields
I would like to call his attention to the first
two propositions which he has submitted to
the House, and to ask whether it is desirable
for the House to act on propositions to re-
affirm truths so fundamental and so broad that
they have been recognized by our Government
from its origin down to the present time?
As I understand the first proposition, it is
intended to declare that when a person is natu-
ralized he is at once placed on an equal foot-
ing with native-born citizens wherever he goes,
and that no distinction is to be made between
them.
Mr. JUDD. In reply to the interrogatory
of my friend, I will state the necessity for the
adoption of these principles is recorded upon
the diplomatic history of the United States of
America. We have never, from the beginning
of our Government up to this time, enforced
| those doctrines in the spirit that every other
nationality enforces the doctrine proclaiming
protection to its citizens. I desire, in pressing
these abstract principles, as my friend from
, New York [Mr. Pbuyx] calls them, to let
the executive branch of the Government know
what the legislative branch thinks on this sub-
ject, that it shall conform its action to the
resolves of Congress. I do not want to leave
;| any longer to the philosophy of the Secre-
tary of State, the discretion of the Executive,
or the nice learning of any subordinate in the
Department of State these great questions of
international law in regard to the rights and
protection of our citizens, which every one on
this floor say ought to be asserted. That is
the reasou I am lor having this Cougress say,
before it closes this question, such aud such
; rights exist; that they are not further debat-
able, but shall be observed by all nations with
whom we have relations.
I yield now to my colleague from Illinois,
[Mr. Logan.]
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a priv-
ileged question, and I think I have a right to
the floor.
I desire to call the attention of the House—
I believe my colleague [Mr. Marshall] is
within the bar—to some remarks that appeared
in the Globe of the 21th ultimo; audi wish to
state, for the benefit of those who may read
the Globe and understand the debates of this
Congress, that on the 'Jtli of January a debate
. took place in this House 
Mr. ROSS. Wait until my colleague comes in.
Mr. LOGAN. He is in the Hall; I saw
him here. During that debate the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means yielded
to me, and I occupied his time in the general
discussion in the Ilouse. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Marshall] obtained the floor by
permission of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, or else obtained apart of
the time of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Pile.] I believe he was permitted to occupy
the time of the House for five minutes. I
think that is correct. During the discussion
on the 9th of January, in reference to the
resolution concerning meters, I believe he
obtained the floor for five minutes from the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means to respond to some remarks I had
made  
Mr. MARSHALL. My colleague is entirely
mistaken in his statement.
Mr. LOGAN. What was it? Prom whom
did you get the floor?
Mr. MARSHALL. From the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Van Wyck.]
Mr. LOGAN. For how long?
Mr. MARSHALL. It came out of his time,
between forty and fifty minutes. But I do not
see the materiality of my colleague's state-
ment.
Mr. LOGAN. It is immaterial from whom
he obtained the floor. I may be mistaken. The
Globe is mistaken if I am. How long he occu-
pied the floor I cannot say, but it was for a
short tirfte, for I sat here and listened to him.
On the 24th of January his remarks appeared
in the Globe and occupied four columns and
a quarter of the Globe. I have this to say:
this speech in the Globe appears to be an
answer to remarks I had made at that time,
together Vith a general attack upon the Re-
publican party. 1 do state from my seat these
remarks in the Globe, these figures and state-
ments, filling these four columns and a quarter,
were not made upon this floor. The gentleman
may have had permission to revise his remarks;
I do not know about that; but I do not under-
stand permission given by this House to revise
remarks authorizes any gentleman to publish
a speech which has never been uttered in this
House. I revise no remarks I make, and ail I
desire is to call the attention of the House to
the fact that a speech appears in the Globe of
the 24th of January to go to the people of Illi-
nois or elsewhere which was never delivered in
