988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
this House. And I protest against any such
proceeding in this House. If any gentleman
desires to answer me on this floor I want him
to do it in legitimate debate or else ask per-
mission to print his remarks, and not stick
them in the Globe seventeen or eighteen days
afterward, when no permission has been given.
' Mr. NI BLACK. I rise to a question of order,
that this is not a privileged question.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope my colleague
will not be interrupted in what he says.
Mr. NIBLACK. I withdraw the point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan] that
the time of his colleague [Mr. Judd] has ex-
pired. But if there is no objection he will
continue his remarks.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not wish to object
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr Logan]
continuing his remarks, as this appears to be a
personal matter. But if the discussion upon
this point is to continue I would like to know
what will be the effect upon the bill before the
House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Logan] was occupying the remainder
of the hour of bis colleague, [Mr. Judd,] which
expired a moment or two since.
Mr. CHANLER. Willthe discussion on this
point interfere with the bill which has been
under discussion ?
The SPEAKER. It will not interfere with
the hour of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Chanler] when he obtains the floor.
Mr. CHANLER. I wish to inquire whether
the bill under consideration will continue to be
debated in the Hoilse within the morning hour,
notwithstanding this interruption?
The SPEAKER. Unless unanimous con-
sent is obtained for a personal explanation, a
single objection would arrest this discussion, in
which case the debate must be confined to the
bill reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. No gentleman has raised the point
except the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Nib-
lack,] and he has withdrawn it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will not raise the point
of order on the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] if the gentleman's colleague [Mr. Mar-
shall] be allowed the privilege of replying.
Mr. LOGAN. Have I ever denied any gen-
tleman the privilege of replying to me?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not suppose the
gentleman has denied the privilege ; but the
House may do so. He is not the House.
Mr. LOGAN. Ah, indeed!
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Logan]
to proceed, although the time of his colleague
who yielded to him has expired? The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no per-
sonal attacks to make upon my colleague or
anybody else. I did not rise for that purpose,
but to enter my protest against this method of
conducting the debates in this House. I have
no objection to a gentleman revising his speech;
that is, correcting the language, making it softer
or smoother. That is what I understand to be
the revision of a speech in the proper sense ;
and te that I have no objection. But I do
solemnly protest against any gentleman pub-
lishing in the Globe remarks purporting to
have been made in this House in answer to
another gentleman, but never actually deliv-
ered. *
Now, in the four columns and a quarter of
my colleague's speech there are undoubtedly
many things that he did say ; there is no ques-
tion about that; but as to his delivering on the
9th day of January, in the little colloquy that
took place on this floor, a speech four columns
and a quarter long, every gentleman who was
present on that occasion knows, that it is not
the fact. True, I find in this speech many
things which I recognize as having been said
here by my colleague. For instance, I find
here a beautiful piece of poetry which was
quoted by him, and which shows him to be a
gentleman of erudition and one who has dealt
much in the classics of the language. It is
this:
"A little thieving is a dangerous art,
But thieving largely is a noble part;
'Tis vile to rob a hen-roost of a hen;
But stealing largely makes us gentlemen."
The gentleman did say that. He might have
added:
"A little nonsense now and then
la relished by many men."
[Laughter.]
About three fourths or a little more of the
first column I recognize as what the gentleman
did say, although it is somewhat "dressed up."
This part includes the question which I put to
him, and which he occupied about a minute in
answering. That ended the discussion. But
after that there follow in the published speech
three columns or more which I never heard,
and I listened to the whole debate.
Now, if this is the rule here, I have nought
to say; but I for one shall never adopt it.
That is all I desire to say—just to call my col-
league's attention to the fact that I object to
this manner of doing things in this House.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, lam utterly
amazed at the course my colleague has seen fit
to take this morning. It was by the merest
accident that I happened to come into the Hall
while he was making this personal attack upon
myself. A gentleman came up the aisle and
notified me that he was making some remarks
that affected me personally, or I should have
known nothing about it.
Mr. LOGAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state that I told him this morning in
his seat that I had—I do not remember the
word, but it may have been "a quarrel" with
him. It was playfully made, and the gentle-
man will recollect that he looked around. I
saw him sitting just before he rose. I am not
the man to make attacks upon gentlemen in
their absence, and he need not cast that at me.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] came up the aisle
and notified me, while I was engaged in conver-
sation with an honorable Senator, that my col-
league was making some remarks affecting me
personally. Thereupon I came in during the
progress of his remarks. I did hear my col-
league say this morning across the aisle that he
was going to pitch into somebody or say some-
thing. I looked around and my colleague
laughed, and I supposed, of course, that the re-
mark was made in jest. It passed out of my
mind, and I had not the slightest idea that he
intended to make remarks affecting me iu any
way.
My colleague's wit is just about as bright as
his memory is accurate. As I came in he was
in the act of stating that I had the floor for five
minutes, by the courtesy of the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Pile],or some other member.
Now, every one who was in the House at the
time I made the remarks published in the Globe
will remember that I spoke at length. There
were various interrogatories put to me, and
I occupied the floor for a considerable length
of time—I will not undertake now to say pre-
cisely how long. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Van VVyck] kindly yielded to me
after making a few remarks, and at the conclu-
sion of my remarks I yielded the rest of the
time, which was ten minutes, to the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Pile,] who will remember
all the facts.
My colleague is certainly a man of most
excellent education, and 1 know that a man
| of his accuracy in language and perfect self-
possession d es not find it necessary to look
over the minutes taken by the reporters. His
classical education and his beauty of diction
are so remarkably fine that it is not necessary
for him, as it is for most members of the
House, to apply to the reporters to ascertain
whether the report of his language is just such
as he desires to go to the country.
The remarks 1 made on that occasion were
entirely extemporaneous. I had not the slight-
est idea of occupying the floor until my col-
league had spoken some time. I was engaged
in writing, and my attention was called to some
remarkable language he was using upon that
occasion and some statements which 1 thought
required an answer at the hands of some gen-
tleman on this floor. I sought and obtained
the floor, and in the course of my remarks I
traveled somewhat out of the subject before
the House, as my colleague had done, and
entered into the discussion of partisan politics.
The same was true of different members of the
House on that occasion. I admit, as is admit-
ted in the published speech that appears in the
Globe, that some of my remarks were not
entirely germane to the question before the
House.
During the same afternoon and the next day
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile] an-
swered my remarks at length, as did also the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridge,]
and perhaps some others, and while the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Pile] was engaged in
making corrections of his remarks, as reported,
made in reply to me, he i-emarked to me that
he intended to have it published in pamphlet
for distribution, and would not have it inserted
in the Globe of next day, and asked, as I re-
■ member, if there was any objection to holding
it up and modifying or correcting the report of
his remarks made on the occasion. I said no,
as a matter of course ; that it was customary, as
, I understood, with nearly all the members when
remarks were made extempore. I said I con-
ceived that every member had that privilege,
and that it was never denied ; that I expected
to do so myself, as a number of my friends in
the House had asked me to look over my re-
marks and correct the report with some care,
as they desired to have it published for distri-
bution, or words to that effect.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Pile]
will recollect that. Now I state that the speech
as published in the Globe is the speech as de-
livered by me upon that occasion, with some
modifications and amplifications, I admit, and
with the addition of some tables which arepub-
lished therein. There is not one sentiment or
one idea in that speech inconsistent with the
remarks that I made upon that occasion, and if
any gentleman asserts the contrary he asserts
what is not true.
I admit some slight additions and amplifica-
tions in carrying out the ideas which I hur-
riedly expressed on that occasion, and that I
understand to be the uniform custom of'ifiem-
bers of this House. If it is not I ask honor-
able members on the other side of the House
to rise and correct me now. If there is any
gentleman who is acquainted with the practice
of members and custom of debate here in the
House when extemporaneous debate is en-
tered into, of members availing themselves of
the privilege of looking over the report taken
by the reporters, modifying the language, am-
plifying it, if you please, so that it does not
change the substance and the context of the
mutter actually delivered upon the occasion ;
if that is not the universal custom of members
on both sides of the House, let some gentle-
man on the other side of the House rise and
say so.
Mr. SCHENCK. That appeal is so direct
to members, and especially on this side of the
House, that I for one propose to respond to it.
I am not in the habit of«ever looking at the
report of my remarks—perhaps it would be
better forall of us to do so—but once in a while,
an exceptional instance, when an opportunity
has been afforded me. or I have thought it
necessary to ask it, I have looked merely to
verbal corrections; and I here enter my pro-
test against such words as '• amplification" and
" modification " of the remarks which gentle-
men make upon this floor. The one is a very
broad word and the other a very pliable word,
and I am afraid we should not have the re-
ports of this House go to the country as they
should, indicating outside what is done here,
if so much latitude as that were allowed. This
remark I make in response simply to the ap-
peal of the gentleman from Illinois, because
for one I am not willing to sit still and acquiesce
i in the broad doctrine laid down by the gentle-
