990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
peace, he understands pettifogging. He is an
excellent pettifogger, as are many of the gen-
tlemen from Illinois. [Laughter.]
He says I was mistaken about the five min-
utes. Is that the point at issue between us?
He says I was mistaken about ten minutes. I
make no question as to the time the gentleman
occupied the floor, but, sir, I do say here to
his face, and he knows it, that there are at
least three columns in this Globe that he never
uttered upon this lloor. lie knows it, and
everybody else knows it. They are answers
to what I said, and I do say he never did utter
them upoTi this floor. There are figures and
statements here that he never referred to.
The time he occupied upon this floor would
not have made more than one column of the
(ilobe. The whole debate of that day makes
only ten columns of the Globe. The chair-
man of the committee occupied an hour. I
occupied forty minutes myself. The whole
debate published next morning makes only
ten columns, while the gentleman's few re-
marks till four columns and a quarter. And
yet he asserts upon this floor there is nothing
published but what he said. I say the facts
are contrary to what he states.
I care nothing about this any further except
to this extent: I notify gentlemen upon this
lloor if they engage in debate with me and
reply to me, and inject a speech into the Globe
which was never uttered in this House, I
shall call the attention of the country to it.
1 shall call attention to it every time they do
it. I do not intend to let any such thing pass
unnoticed.
I assert again, sir, there in this published
speech of his, on the 24th day of January, at I
least three columns of matter, figures, and
statements that he never made upon this floor; !
and he knows it. The question so far as 1
honor is concerned makes no difference to me. 1
The country can determine in reference to it,
bat I care nothing about it except to let him
know he cannot publish a speech he did not
make in answer to me without attention being
called to it on this floor.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. If no motion is made to go into com-
mittee the Chair will not arrest this debate.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to say that I do not
charge this upon the gentleman, but only in
regard to his reflection to what I said. If,
as he says, it is the custom of the House to
inject in the Globe speeches never made in
this House, that custom ought to be abolished
this very day. for it is infamous that the people
should be taxed dollar after dollar to pay for
speeches that are written by.lawyers in this
city, handed to a member, and published in
the Globe. Sir, there is no parallel for this
except when two gentlemen from Ohio read
the same speech, one a few days after the other,
probably written for both by the same person.
[Laughter. ] !
Now, sir, I desire to say that the cost of the
publication of this speech which was not made
in the House is ?8 50 for each column in the
Daily Globe, and $8 50 more for going into the
Congressional Globe, making seventeen dol-
lars a column for aspeech of four columns and
a quarter, or almost eighty dollars. The coun-
try has to pay over seventy dollars for the pub-
lication of a speech only about one column of
which was made, and that speech is made upon
the enormity of the expenditures of the Repub-
lican party.
Mr. WELKER. I desire to ask whether the
two gentlemen from Ohio that he states made
the same speech are members of this Congress?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir. I think it was the
Thirty-Seventh Congress. I think they have
both been left at home since, and such may be
the case with other gentlemen who publish
speeches they do not make.
1 say, while the speech of the gentleman, as
published, is an attack upon the Republican
party for spending millions of dollars which
they have no right to do, here is an expense
of seventy dollars for the publication of his
speech which was not made. Now, whether
I am an educated man or not, if it is allowable
to publish anvthing in the Globe without its
being spoken in the House, I can hire two or
three clerks to get up a speech on every ques-
tion that comes up and have them published
at the expense ot the Government, and see
how you will like that.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman yield
to allow me to offer a resolution ?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. COVODE. I oiler the following reso-
lution, and ask unanimous consent to have it
acted upon now:
Iiriohed. That no member of the House in revis-
ing his remarks for publication ill the (Jlob# shall
ailil a sentence to or withdraw a sentence from the
report us taken down by the reporter without asking
permission of the House.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the resolution at this time?
Mr. DAWES. 1 object.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I have said all
I desire to say.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask consent for a few
minutes to replv.
Mr. WASIIRURNE, of Illinois. IIow long?
Mr. MARSHALL. Probably not over live
minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I shall ask for five
minutes myself, too.
The SPEAKER. If there is no limit the
Chair rules that the gentleman is entitled to
one hour.
Mr. MARSHALL. I only want five minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask the House to allow me
five minutes, too.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
11 Illinois [Mr. Logan] object?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, this ban-
dying about of remarks between my colleague
and myself, as I before said, is not pleasant to
me. 1 have made the statement that the speech
published is the speech delivered by me on that
occasion with the additions which I have ex-
plained, and which I referred to at the time,
before taking my seat, and there are several
fentlemen around me who remember the fact,
f my colleague expects to make any reputation
by the display he has made here this morning
he is entirely welcome to all he can gain there-
by. I know my colleague is at times very irri-
table, and sometimes troubled with what may,
metaphorically at least, be called flatulency,
[laughter,] and I imagine this was as good an
occasion as he could obtain to let off' a little
extra wind that has been disturbing him.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
these remarks are parliamentary.
Mr. MARSHALL. What remarks?
The SPEAKER. The remark of the gen-
tleman in regard to flatulency [laughter] and
what followed.
Mr. MARSHALL. I take it back. I with-
\ draw the flatulency, [laughter.] I would com-
mend to my friend hereafter when he is dis-
' turbed by feelings such as have disturbed him
! this morning to procure a bottle of Mrs. Wins-
low's Soothing Syrup, or perhaps Jayne's Car-
i minative Balsam would be better to relieve him
i, from such pains as have been agitating him
this morning. If that does not produce the
desired effect, if he will get a bottle of good,
strong vermifuge he will most unquestionably
be relieved from the pains which have been
weighing him down. [Laughter.]
I shall not, sir, bandy epithets with my col-
league. I have stated that the speech which
was published in the Globe was substantially,
in every particular, with the additions that I ■
referred to at the time, the speech which I
made on that occasion. It will not make it
any stronger for me to use harsh epithets to-
ward my colleague, and I shall refrain from
doing so.
I shall leave this matter, as it is now, in the
hands of the House and in the presence of the
country. I claim no superiority for myself in
any respect over my colleague, but I do claim,
,as I said before, to occupy a position as a man
and a gentleman that cannot be affected here
or elsewhere by any attack that my colleague
has made or may be able to make.
Mr. LOGAN. But one word, and it is this :
I will say to the gentleman and to this House
that I am too much a gentleman to reply to
any indecent language such as has been used
by my colleague who claims to be a gentle-
man ; whether he is or not has never been
determined by a jury. [Laughter.]
MESSAfiE F110M THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fobxey,
its Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate bail passed a joint resolution (S. 11. No.
99) to authorize the Secretary of War to
employ counsel in certain cases, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
FAMINE IN SWEDEN AND NORWAY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the lit >Hi'' of Representatives ;
I transmit herewith a report from the Secretary of
Plate in answer to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 2Hth of January.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 3,1808.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Secre-
tary of State is in regard to the famine in Swe-
den and Norway.
Mr. HARDING. I move that the message
and the accompanying report be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
TRIAL OF JOHN II. SURRATT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States :
To the House of Representative! :
In answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 27th ultimo, directing the Secretary
of State to furnish information in regard to the trial
of Johnll.Surratt, I transmita report from the Sec-
retary of State. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, February 3,1868.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
message and the accompanying report be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
IOWA INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, transmitting a communica-
tion from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
relative to the petition of the Iowa Indians to
have certain funds diverted.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION LITIGATION. •
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 99) to authorize the Secretary
of War to employ counsel in certain cases.
Mr. BROOKS. In what cases?
The SPEAKER. The j<?int resolution will
be read, and then the Chair will ask for objec-
tions. •
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of War to employ counsel forthe
defense of the General of the Army, Major
General George G. Meade, Brevet Brigadier
General Thomas H. Ruger, provisional gov-
ernor of Georgia, and any other officer or per-
son intrusted with the enforcement of the re-
construction acts or either of them against any
suit or proceeding in any court in relation to
their official acts.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to knowhowthat
resolution comes before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is a Senate joint res-
olution.
Mr. RANDALL Then I suggest that it
have the usual reference.
The SPEAKER. It is not yet before the
House. Does the gentleman object?
Mr. RANDALL. I do, unless it is for ref-
erence; and I desire to state my reasons.
