902
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE
February 5,
reconstruction acts in any suit before the courts.
It seems to me to be a proper request.
Mr. 11AXDALL. I wish to explain why I
shall oppose the passage of this joint resolution.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield for a moment.
Mr. RAN DALL. A tew minutes since, Mr.
Speaker, lobjected totakingupaud considering
this resolution at this time, for the reason—and
it is one "disconnected altogether with the matter
proposed — that this question of employing
additional counsel has grown into one of the
greatest abuses under this Government. If the
Treasury Department wants to favor a legal gen-
tleman they employ him and send him to the
Supreme Court to argue cases like the ''cotton
cases." It has been testified before the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment that as high as $5,000
have been paid for performing legal duties in the
Supreme Court which, in myjudgment, belongs
to the Attorney General of the United States
to discharge.
Mr. UPSON. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. Has not the Attorney General de-
clined in open court to defend these cases?
Mr. RANDALL. I am not speaking about
the merits of this case. I think we should have
a thorough argument on it, and that there ought
to be some limitation of the power to employ
additional counsel. If five or ten thousand dol-
lars are to be expended in this manner let us say
8Q. I do not think anybody will object to the
employment of counsel if proper limitation be
made.
Mr. GARFIELD. There will certainly be
no improper allowances. The only reason why
this joint resolution is necessary is because the
Attorney General has gone over to the gentle-
man's party and is declaring in open court that
he declines to act for the Government in cases
of this sort. He declined to act in the McArdle
case on the ground that he had written an offi-
cial opinion against the constitutionality of the
law under which the case came up.
Mr. RANDALL. Just one word there about
his turning over to our party. We welcome
him and hope 
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. HIGBY. Will the gentleman yield for
a question?
Mr. GARFIELD. I decline.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was read the
third time.
Mr. BOYER. I call the yeas and nays on
the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 37, not voting
37 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Anderson, Arnell,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bailey, Baker,
Baldwin, Beamsn, Beatty, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blair, Boutwell, Broomall, Buckland, Cake, Cary,
Churchill, Cobb, Coburn, Cook, Cornell, t'ovode,
Cullom, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge. Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Eggleston, Ela, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferriss,
Ferry, Fields. Garfield, Gravely, Griswold, Halsey,
Hawkins. Iligby, Hill. Hopkins, Asahel W. Hub-
bard. Hulburd, Hunter, Inarersoll, Jenckes. Judd,
Julian, Kelley. Kitchen, Koontz, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Lincoln, Loan, Logan, Loughridge. Mal-
lory, Marvin, Maynard, McC'luror, Mercur, Miller,
Moore, Moorhead, Morrell, Mullins, Newcomb,
Nunn, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Peters, Pike,
Pile, Polsley, Price, Raum, Sawyer, Sehenck. Sco-
field. Shanks. Smith, Spalding. Starkweather, Aaron
F. Stevens, Stewart, Stokes. Taffe. Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Twichell, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward. Cadwalader C.
Washburn. Elihu B. Washburne. Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn. Welker. Thomas Wil-
liams, William Williams, James F. Wilson, John T.
Wijson, Windom, and Woodbridge—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Axtell, Barnes,
Barnum, Beck, Boyer, Brooks, Burr, Eldridge. Fox,
Getz. Glossbrenner, Golladav.Grover, Haight, Hard-
ing, Holman, Hotchkiss, Humphrey, Johnson. Jones,
Kerr,Knott, Marshall. McCormick. Niblack, Nichol-
son, Pruyn, Randall, Ross. Sitgreaves, Stone, Taber,
Lawrence S. Trimble, Van Auken, and Wood-
ward—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Benton, Blaine,
Bromwell, Butler, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Finney, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard,
Richard D. Hubbard, Kelsey, Ketcham, George V.
Lawrence, Lynch, McCarthy, McCuilough, Morgan,
Morrissey, Mungen, Myers, Phelps. Plants. Poland,
Pomeroy, Robertson, Robinson, Selye, SneHab&r-
fer, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor, John Trimble, Van
'rump, Van Wyek, Stephen F.Wilson, and Wood—37.
I So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. HARDING. I Miggest an amendment
to the title of the joint resolution—that it read,
'"a joint resolution to supply executive defi-
ciencies without impeachment.'' [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
appropriation bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of
taking up House bill No. 69!), making appro-
priations for the support of the Military Acad-
emy for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1809;
and also House bill No. 005, making appropri-
ations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1809.
I will, however, state that I do not think the
first one will challenge any debate ; therefore,
if there be no objection, it will be a convenience
and a saving of time to have it considered in
the House the same as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BROOKS objected, unless both bills
should be so considered.
military academy appropriation bill.
j Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
' renew the motion that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
theUnion, (Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the spe-
cial order, being House bill No. 599, making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1809.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill be re-
ported in full.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman insist upon it?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
The Clerk read the bill at length.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
state that every item in the bill as it now
stands is to cany out an existing law. The
committee have reduced the estimates very
largely and have put in nothing at all for new
works except on page 3, "for breast-high
walls of water battery, $5,000"—a work that
has been commenced. Information has come
to the committee that -unless it is completed
there will be a great deal of damage done. We
have provided, however, " that the same shall
complete the work." There is another item
for rebuilding the north wharf, $5,000. The
report is that the present wharf, upon which
everything that goes to West Point is landed,
is in such a dilapidated condition that it can-
not stand for another year, and the committee,
therefore, deemed it necessary to put in this
appropriation. The other appropriations asked
for the purpose of new buildings the commit-
tee declined to put in the bill, believing that
the public interests would not suffer any detri-
ment by their going over.
I will state that the appropriations last year
for this West Point Academy amounted to
$308,906, and this bill appropriates $283,500,
including a small amendment which I shall
offer. That is all there is, except a proviso,
which I shall offer at the proper time.
Mr. BROOKS. I am very happy to hear
from the gentleman from Illinois that he is in
favor of economy and of a reduction of all the
expenses of the Government, and I have no
doubt of his sincerity, though I must doubt his
good judgment and his fidelity to his principles
after the vote which I have heard from him
to-day on another appropriation bill, opening
a door by which at least a million of dollars
can be expended for the employment of counsel
in military cases, without any limit whatever to
that expenditure. However much, therefore,
I respect his principles, I can but little respect
his judgment when, after making declarations
in favor of economy, he finds it necessary to
give a vote which thus opens the door in the
most profligate Departmentof the Government,
as administered by llie present Secretary of
War, to <i wild and boundless expenditure for
lawyers in all parts of this country, not alone
for the defense of the General-in-Chief and of
General Meade and of General Iluger, but of
every United States officer everywhere in any
case in which the Secretary may choose to
employ lawyers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a question of order. It is that this bill is a
special order, and the gentleman from New
1 ork is not confining his remarks to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains tha
point of order.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman is right in
the point of order, but when we come to the
appropriations for the War Department he will
hear from me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well.
I now move that the committee rise for the
purpose of closing debate.
jjr. LOGAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. You can
do that after the general debate is closed.
The question was taken on Mr. Washbhrne's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson, ot'Iowa,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the State of the Union generally, and
particularly the special order, being bill (H.
R. No. 599) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1869, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended, and the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order,
and pending that motion I move that all de-
bate in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order close in two
minutes after the committee shall resume tho
consideration of the same.
The question was taken on the motion to
close debate, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the special
order, being the Military Academy appropria-
tion bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by
paragraghs for amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like the mem-
ber of the Committee on Appropriations who
has this bill in charge to inform us why the
committee have reduced the appropriation for
current and ordinary expenses from $72,805
to $66,805. I observe that the estimates sub-
mitted to us have been generally followed in
preparing this bill, but this item has been
reduced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman offer an amendment?
Mr. MAYNARD. For the purpose of ob-
taining that information I move to amend
in lines fifteen and sixteen by striking out
"$66,805" and inserting "$72,805" in lieu
thereof; so that it will read:
For current and ordinary expenses, $72,805.
The Department have submitted to us an
estimate of what is regarded by them as neces-
sary to meet the current expenses of an estab-
lishmept which I suppose there is no disposi-
tion to curtail or embarrass. If there be any
reason why we should not follow the estimate
submitted and this is not a mere arbitrary
