1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
993
reduction, I will withdraw my amendment;
Otherwise I shall insist on it.
Air. WASHBITRXE, of Illinois. I rise to
oppose the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Mawvard.] I will state to
him and to this committee that in this in-
stance, and in a great many other instances,
the Committee on Appropriations have not
followed the estimates which have been sent
to them from the Department. Had they done
so, then, instead of getting along with appro-
priations of, I trust, less than $300,000,000,
we should have the extravagant sum of $372,-
000,000 called for by the estimates. The com-
mittee havtt, in regard to this bill, as I believe
they have in regard to every other bill, scruti-
nized carefully every item; and when they
thought from their examination that they could
cut down an item without detriment to the
public service they have done so.
In regard to the item in reference to which
the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee applies, I will say that the estimate is,
"for current and ordinary expenses, $72,000."
The committee did not see why it was neces-
sary to increase the appropriation from $66,-
805, the sum appropriated last year, to the
sum of $72,000, called for by the estimate of
this year. Hence they cut down that item,
and provided in this bill that the same sum,
which was sufficient for the current fiscal year,
should be appropriated for the next fiscal year.
Mr. PRUxN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In a mo-
ment ; not now. The Committee on Appro-
priations had before them General Schriver,
who had charge of all this matter, and asked
him if he did not think they could get along
with the sum named in this bill; and he said
he thought they could.
Mr. PRUYN. I now desire to ask the gen-
tleman if the Secretary of War and the Gen-
eral-in-Chief did not recommend a larger sum
than the committee have allowed?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I® the
estimates, as stated by the gentleman from
Tennessee, the sum called for was $72,000;
but we concluded that we could cut down the
Amount for the next fiscal year to what it is for
the present fiscal year. As I have said, the
officer who has charge of all these matters in
the engineer department expressed himself
satisfied with the amount here named, and the
committee thought they could get along withit.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the para-
graph "for pay of officers, instructors, cadets,
and musicians" by striking out "eighty-two"
and inserting "fifty."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is oat
of order, as the committee hare already passed
that paragraph.
Mr. LOGAN. I have been trying ever since
the committee began to consider this bill to get
the. floor for the purpose of asking a question.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection
to going back to that paragraph the gentleman
can move his amendment.
No objection was made.
Mr. LOGAN. I now move the amendment I
indicated, and want the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] to answer my question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What is
the question?
Mr. LOGAN. I want to know if the officers
at West Point who are acting as instructors
receive any more pay under this appropria-
tion bill than they do as officers of the Army,
according to their regular grade ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that they do not.
Mr. BLAINE. Not at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We have
employed in this bill the same language in
this respect that has been used in every Mili-
tary Academy appropriation bill that I recol-
lect. I know of no law that entitles those
officers to receive any additional pay because
they act as instructors at West Point.
.Mr. LOGAN. Then I will ask this ques-
40xh Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 63.
tion : whether, in the estimates madif in refer-
ence to the amount gaid the number of cadets
at West Point now and the officers and others
there, the amount was more or less than that
provided for in this bill?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is
intended to be enough ta cover all those
expenses and charges.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 know it is intended to be
enough; but the question I ask is whether or
not the calculation has been made as to the
salaries of these officers and the amounts paid
to cadets, because that is all that is embraced
here, and whether the appropriation does just
cover the amount to which they are entitled by
law or whether it is not more.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand it is to be just the amount.
Mr. LOGAN. If itis just the amount I have
not a word to say. My understanding was
that it was more.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
to my colleague that when General Shriver was
before us this very question was put to him,
and he answered as I have stated.
Mr. LOGAN. What I desire to know is,
whether or not the committee Aade an esti-
mate independently of what General Shriver
said. There is a law giving the cadets a cer-
tain amount and the officers a certain amount.
I desire to know whether an estimate has been
made in compliance with that law, so as to
appropriate no more than the law allows.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I can state
to my colleague that the committee substan-
tially made an estimate. They had before
them the laws and also the figures as made out
by General Shriver. There may have been
some miscalculation, but the committee took
his estimate as correct.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not see how there could
be any miscalculation about it.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
this amendment. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] insist on the amendment?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; I withdraw it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew the amendment
for the purpose of putting an inquiry to the
gentleman from Ilftnois, [Mr. Washburne.]
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that the compen-
sation of the cadet has not been increased for
a number of years, and as to the compensation
of the professors 
Mr. BLAINE. The compensation of all has
been increased.
Mr. HOLMAN. Not within the last six or
seven years.
Mr. BLAINE and "Mr. WASHBURNE, of
Illinois. Oh, yes.
Mr. HOLMAN. The compensation of the
cadets is, I believe, $600, as it was before.
Mr. BLAINE. It was never §600.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe it was just $600
at one time.
Mr. BLAINE. It is precisely $500. The
pay of a cadet at West Point and that of a mid-
shipman at the Naval Academy were equal-
ized during, I think, the time the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] has been in Con-
gress. The pay of both is now $500, no more
and no less.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman is correct
as to the amount. I recollect now that it is
$500. Years ago that was the compensation
of the cadets; but the compensation of pupils
at the Naval Academy, wnich was formerly
less, has within the last five or six years been
increased to correspond with the pay of the
cadets. But I understand that within the last
six or seven years there has been no actual
increase in the pay of either the cadets or the
professors at West Point. If there has been
a law making any such increase it certainly
has escaped the recollection of most of us.
I find that the appropriation made to cover
these items of expenditures in 1861, at the
second session of the Thirty-Sixth Congress,
was $117,176, while the amount proposed to
be appropriated by this bill for the game pur-
pose is $182,747 50—an increase of nearly
sev.enty thousand dollars. If there has been
an increase of the compensation of these
cadets and professors that may account for this
extraordinary difference.
Mr. BALDWIN. There has been an in-
crease from three hundred and fifty to five
hundred dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the gentleman is
mistaken as to the time when that increase
took place. The compensation of the mid-
shipmen at the Naval School was not increased
at the same time as that of the cadets at West
Point. My recollection is that the cadet had
$500 prior to the Thirty-Sixth Congress. I
know that since that time the pay of the mid-
shipmen has been increased to the pay of the
cadets in the Military School. If, then, the
gentleman is not able to show there has been
an actual increase in this class of officers since
the session I refer to in 1861, I shall assume
that the charge is probably correct that this
bill is based simply upon the estimates of the
officers having this institution in charge, no
further investigation being had; and that, sir,
considering tlie endless struggle for increased
expenditure, would account for the extraordi-
nary difference in the expenditure of this insti-
tution in 1801 and 1868.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I simply desire to say in reply that the
compensation of all officers, instructors, ca-
dets, and musicians have been increased since
the time to which the gentleman alludes. It
is known to every gentleman who has been in
Congress for the last five or six years we have
been continually increasing these salaries,
against my consent; and if the gentleman from
Indiana had been lietfe I know he would have'
helped me. They have been increased, and
this is put here to pay these men according to
the salaries we have fixed.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman in-
sist on his amendment?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not.
The CHAIRMAN. The question, then,
recurs on Mr. Mayn"ard's amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask to go back.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK. Unanimous consent has
already been given. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee offered an amendment; pending that
amendment of his, on application of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Logan,] the House
agreed to go back to the first clause. He
ottered an amendment to that clause, and the
gentleman from Indiana offered an amendment
to the amendment. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] opposed it, and I rose
to offer another amendment while that clause
was under consideration, the House having
gene back to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman states
the fact correctly up to the point where the
committee again commenced the consideration
of the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was trying to get the
attention of the Chair before the gentleman
from Tennessee rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to
returning to the first paragraph of the bill?
There was no objection.
Mr. SCHENCJL I move to strike out the
words "pay of officers, instructors," and in-
sert '4 for additional pay of officers and ■ in-
structors, and for pay of so it will read:
For additional pay of officers and instructors, and
for pay of cadets and wusisian*, $182,747 60.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order. The gentleman's amendment
is not in order, as it changes the existing law.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am going to show it is
precisely in accordance with existing law, and
that the gentleman from Illinois has misappre-
hended what the law is. That is my very pur-
pose in moving the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
my point of order settled. I insist on it
because it is a good one.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman, from
Ohio proposes to show that it is not new legis-
lation.
