994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let him
produce the books.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will produce the books.
Now, every officer assigned to duty at West
Point gets an addition to his pay, and what i3
included in this appropriation bill is that addi-
tion to the pay ol these gentlemen as officers
of the Army. If an instructor is a captain in
the Army, his pay as such i3 provided for in
the general Army bill. But if he is sent to
West Point he receives the pay of a colonel,
and they make an estimate for the addition to
his pay, and that makes up one part of the one
hundred and eighty odd thousand dollars.
Mr. BLAINE. That only applies to super-
intendents.
Mr. SCHENCK. It applies to every officer.
The very first, line of the appropriation bill for
last year or the year before, is " Superintend-
ent of the Military Academy, (colonel,) in addi-
tion to pay as captain of engineers," and the
total allowance of payis $1,078 50 ; that is the
addition to his pay as Army officer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order. I desire to have this point settled.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then let
the gentleman go ahead.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then looking a little fur-
ther down I find the additional pay of a lieuten-
anton duty. Here is " assistant professor of
ethics in addition to his pay as lieutenant of
artillery," and it is carried out, $240. That is,
every lieutenant who stays there gets twenty
dollars a month in addition to his pay now. In
the general Army bill you pay him as lieutenant
or captain. I say this Military Academy bill,
as an appropriation for West Point, is all wrong.
It is not an appropriation of his pay as lieuten-
ant or as captain, but an appropriation of the
additional sum which he gets by reason of be-
ing detailed on duty there. I propose, there-
fore, to correct the bill so that it shall appro-
priate the additional pay to these officers. I
do not propose to alter the amount, but to show
what it is.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE. I would like to ask a question
of the gentleman about the pay of cadets. I
desire information.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
There is so much confusion that we cannot hear
what is going on.
The CHAIRMAN. The point is well taken.
Mr. PIKE. I wish to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck. 1
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has expired.
Mr. PIKE. I understand the pay of cadets
is $600—the same as at the Naval Academy.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to strike out the last
word for the purpose of making a statement.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have submitted a bona
Jide amendment, not & pro forma one.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] will suspend his remarks
for the point of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know if it is
in order for more than one member to be
speaking at the same time. There are six or
seven gentlemen on the other side of the Hall
speaking together, and we on this side would
like to know what some of them say.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's point
is well taken. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] will proceed in order.
Mr. BLAINE. I propose to proceed in order
if I am allowed to. [Laughter.] I hold in
my hand the appropriation bill for West Point
for last year, and in it I find this section :
, '.'"4"^ be it further enacted, That the cadets of the
Military Academy be entitled to the rations now
received by the acting midshipmen at the Naval
Academy, commencing at the date of tne approval
©i the act authorizing; the same."
That amounts to $108 60 in addition to their
«
direct pay. Now, the point made by my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck'] is simply on the
wording of the bill, as I understand it. If these
officers get twenty dollars a month additional
they get it in pursuance of law—not by any
usage, but by a law authorizing the payment.
If the gentleman from Ohio wants that to appear
in the bill I for one have not the slightest objec-
tion.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
a question ?
; Mr. BLAINE. Yes, sir.
i Mr. LOGAN. As I understand it, the offi-
: | cers are paid on the pay-rolls by the paymaster,
and the superintendent or any other officer in
| charge at West Point receives his pay in the
: same way. Now, all you appropriate to any
officer of the Army at West Point in the
appropriation bill is in excess of the pay that
he receives on his pay-roll.
Mr. -BLAINE. Precisely.
! Mr. LOGAN. The point is this: the clause
reads, "for pay of officers, instructors," &c.
, Now, by using the word "officers" there, do
you not appropriate money to pay officers who
draw their pay on their pay-rolls every pay day?
| Mr. BLAME. No; you do not do any such
thing. You appropriate the money here to
pay the extra compensation allowed them for
performing particular service. A first lieu-
j tenant of artillery, if on duty at West Point, is
paid his regular pay out of the general appro-
priation for the pay of the Army. If he is
entitled to twenty dollars a month extra for
doty as professor of Spanish, or what not, he is
paid out of this appropriation.
Mr. LOGAN. Then, I ask, what becomes
of your law in reference to the organization of
the Army, which declares that a lieutenant or
a brigadier general or a colonel shall receive
so much pay and no more per month ?
Mr. BLAINE. Why, just this: the same
law which says that says also that a lieutenant,
if ordered to a particular duty at West Point,
shall have twenty dollars a month.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. That is the whole of it.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir ;«not any such thing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr._ BUTLER. I desire only to call the
attention of the House to the law, and iu order
to get at it I will do by indirection what I ought
to be able to do directly. I move to strike out
the first word in the third line.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
my friend and colleague on the Committee on
Appropriations will move only substantial
amendments, for the reason that if members
of the committee move pro forma amendments
we shall never get through with the appropri-
ation bills.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, then, I will move to
add to the tenth line the words 4 (in accordance
with the salaries established by law." That
is a substantial amendment. I desire simply
to call the attention of the House to the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has not
offered an amendment to the pending amend-
ment. He proposes to amend a different part
of the paragraph.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand that the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr, Schenck] has moved to
amend the paragraph in lines eight, nine, and
ten.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio moves to strike out the words "pay of
officers, instructors," and to insert in lieu
thereof "additional pay of officers and in-
structors and pay of.''
Mr. BUTLER. I move, then, to strike out
of the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
the words "additional pay of."
The whole matter of the pay of these officers
is regulated by law in this way—and I have the
law before me: an officer of the Army is sent
to West Point upon duty, and then he has a
local rank greater than his Army rank, and he
receives the pay and allowances 
Mr. BLAINE. Not always.
Mr. BUTLER. Excuse mej perhaps now
I am right and you are wrong.
Mr. BLAINE. Perhaps you are wrong and
I am right.
Mr. BUTLER. I say again that they have
a certain rank at a certain pay and certain
other duties. Now, I read the law of June 12,
1858:
"That the Superintendent of the Military Acad-
emy, while serving as such by appointment of the
President, shall have the local rank, pay, and allow-
ances of a colonel of engineers; that the command-
ant of the corps of cadets at the Military Academy,
while serving as such by appointment of the Presi-
dent, shall have the local rank, pay, and allowances
of a lieutenant colonel of engineers, and besides his
, other duties shall be charged with the duties of in-
structor in tactics of the three arms to said com-
mand; and that the senior assistant instructor in
each of the arms of the service, namely, of artillery,
cavalry, and infantry, shall severally receive the pay
and allowances of the assistant professor of mathe-
matics."
Charged with another duty and with a higher
pay; and it is to meet this pay—the Army pay
and the increased pay—that this appropriation
I is made, as I understand it.
Mr. ALLISON. I want to ask the gentle-
| man from Massachusetts whether this includes
| the regular pay of the officers, or whether it
! only includes the additional pay?
Mr. BLAINE. Only the additional.
Mr. BUTLER. In answer to the gentle-
I man from Iowa [Mr. Allison] I will say that
, I understand this item includes the pay of
officers who are acting as instructors, the pay
of instructors who are not officers, and the
pay of cadets. I will repeat my answer: it
includes the pay of officers as instructors, and
the pay of instructors who are not officers, if
j there are any such ; it does not include the
i Army pay of the officers who are acting as
instructors.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am
; opposed to the amendment to the amendment
1 moved by my colleague on the Committee on
Appropriations, [Mr. Butler.]
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the amendment
to the amendment.
j The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Schenck.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that I shall object to that amendment
being incorporated in the bill. I think 1 wa^
mistaken; I was misled, I may say, partially
by a remark of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine,] who is familiar with this sub-
ject. I will agree to the amendment.
"Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out the last
word of the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and I ask him to listen
to me for one moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the amendment to the amendment be read, for
i I propose to hold the gentleman from Wiscon-
I sin [Mr. Paixe] strictly to his amendment.
| The Clerk read the amendment of Mr. Paine,
which was to strike out the last word, "of."
Mr. PAINE. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that he will
probably accomplish all he desires by confin-
ing his amendment to the word "officers"
alone. The gentleman must remember that
there are instructors at West Point who are
not officers of the Army, and the only pay they
have is their pay proper as instructors, with-
out any additional pay. Having no additional
pay, all the pay they receive is to be provided
by this bill. This remark o^mine applies not
to those instructors who at the same time are
also officers of the Army, but to that large
number of instructors who happen not to be
officers of the Army. I will vote forhis amend-
ment if he will so frame it as not to cut off the
pay of those instructors who are not officers
of the Army. But it should be so modified as
to provide for their pay, and also for the addi-
tional pay of those instructors who are officers
of the Army.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washburne] says he was misled by
a remark that I made in reply to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Logan] across the way.
He propounded the question, whether when
an officer was ordered on duty at West Point
he received additional pay; and I answered
