&>e
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
I think it cost mo about one hundred dollars i
over am! abo\e what the Government allowed
me. I'iiey paid my mileage.
Mr. SCOl'lELL). How did you spend tlio
$100? [Laughter.]
Mr. SCUENCK. Going down to New York
ami back. It makes no difference, however.
And yet, although it is no money-making affair,
it being in some sense a pleasant summer visit,
so anxious have been members ot Congress
that they and their friends should in turn enjoy
it that 1 think the funniest law on the statnte-
book is that regarding this matter attest
Font. They have provided in the law that
the Board ot Visitors each year shall be equal
in number to half the number of States. As
the United States are thus to be divided, and
as there are thirty-seven States now, I suppose
there must be one year eighteen and another
nineteen States represented in the board.
Then, acruin, it is provided that the States
shall alternate, so that if Ohio has it this year
it cannot h^ve it next year, but must wait two
years.
Then, again, some member of Congress,
anxious for himself or his friends, has had a
provision inserted in the old law, which was
not passed in our time, that no appointment
shall be made from the same congressional
district until all the other districts in the State
hare had it. This has been found to be
impracticable, beewiseevery ten years, the dis-
tricts being changed, the far!!© States do not . ^
get all round until the districts are mixed
again : but such is the law providing for this
Board of Visitors.
Now, I do not agree with the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] that this is a hum-
bug. I think a Board of Visitors to go to the
Academy at West Point as well as to the Naval
Academy is a good thing. What I have always
objected" to is. that this visitation takes place
at a particular time of year, at the close of their
examinations, and they always arrange for it,
and everything is brushed up and put in the
best possible condition for show, whereas if
you had a Board of Visitors provided for by
law that would visit perhaps more than once
a year, and go upon them suddenly when they
have not their holiday clothes on and things
are going on in the ordinary manner, there
might be more benefit from it. But if you
cannot have that, it is at least well that these j
examinations shonld be attended, and that the i
condition of the Academy should be inspected 1
and a report made upon the subject, which is
referred to Congress.
1 know the practice has generally been for
Congress never to do anything that is recom-
mended by the Board of Visitors; but yet there
have been some exceptions, and I flattermyself
that some three years ago we were more than
usually successful when we got some three or
four or iive of the recommendations made by
the Board of Visitors adopted by law of Con-
gress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am
opposed to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, and I desire a vote upon it. I will
merely say that the Committee on Appropria-
tions have reported the sum necessary to carry
out the existing law. If the committee do not
desire to carry out the law let them adopt the
ameudmentof my colleague from Illinois, [Mr.
Ikgersoll,] or strike out the whole appropri-
ation. I ask a vote.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr.. GARFIELD. I renew it; and I do it
for the purpose of saying to my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Ikgersoll,] as well as to the
fentleman who has charge of this bill, that, a
ill is now pending before the Committee on
Military Affairs that in some degree remodels
the existing law in reference to the West Point
Academy, and one of the sections in it entirely
changes the present law in reference to the
Board of Visitors, reducing the number very
considerably, and, I presume, making a reduc-
tion which would almost reduce the appropri-
ation to what the gentleman proposes. But as
that is not a law, and may not become a law, !
it seems to me that we ought to let this appro- !
priatiwi stand according to the law as it now is.
L hope and believe that before it shall be
necessary to expend this appropriation a bill
may be brought in here and become a law which
will obviate the necessity of expeudiug the
whole amount; but it seems to me that we
cannot fairly go back on the law, aud that we
should make the appropriation in accordance
with the provisions of the present, law.
Mr. BbTTLElt. 1 desire to say a word only
upon the law. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] is usually very accurate, but the
law is that the allowance for traveling shall be
eight cents a mile backward and forward and
not ten cents. There is a special provision that
there shall be no compensation to auy visitor
except his board and lodging while at the Acad-
emy whI eight cents a mile for travel; and the
number of the board shall " never exceed ' half
the number of the States, so that my usually
accurate friend from Ohio [Mr. Si'HEXCk] need
not be afraid-any one man will have to be
divided in order to get the number exactly.
[Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw the amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Ingersoll s
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNAlll). I move now to strike out
the whole paragraph, as follows: ;•
Tor Board of Visitors, $4,000.
I cull the attention of the committee-this |
view of the caso. We have already made an
appropriation to pay the visitors who will go
there this coming summer. hen the bill conies
ip from the Committee on Military Affairs they
can include in it an appropriation for such sum
as they may think necessary. It is not neces-
sary that we should make the appropriation
now, and inasmuch a« it is contemplated to
change the law, I prc^ose that we simply pass
the matter over.
I hold that we may as well have this school
visited free of cost, as are all the other great
schools of the country. There are plenty of
men—men of the very highest order of culture—
that would esteem it an honor and a privi-
lege to go there and visit the school without 1
the paltry pay of ten cents a mile and the !
amount of their hotel bills. It is an expense j
i that is wholly unnecessary, and those who seek
I the appointment for the sake of having a pleas- j
nre trip at the expense of the Government are !
just the men who should not go there, for they
are men who will be of no sort of benefit or
n service to the Government. I agree with the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] that
we should economize where we can do so with-
out detriment to the public service; and it is
no detriment to the public service to refuse to
pay men when it is not necessary.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word, for
the purpose of saying that I believe we ought
to adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] especially in view
of the remarks made by the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Gar-
field,] who says that they have under consid-
eration a bill to remodel 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I rise to
a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My point
of order is that my colleague [Mr. Ingersoll]
ghall confine his remarks to his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ixgersoll] will therefore proceed in
order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Very well; I should
have been through long ago if I had not been
interrupted. I hope that, in view of what has
been said by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] we will strike out this whole para-
graph. I now withdraw my amendmeatto the
amendment.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Maynard to strike out the clause:
For expenses of Board of Visitors, $4 ,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following clause having been read:
For materials for quarters for subaltern officorst
$3,000—
Mr. MAYNARD said: I move to amend
that clause by making the sum appropriated
$5,000, according to the estimate, as we have
heard nothing urged to the contrary. That, is
the amount, recommended by the Superintend-
ent of the Military Academy, and unless there
is some good reason to the contrary I think we
should allow it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The reason
for decreasing the estimate was that the com-
mittee thought they could get along with that
amount, ana there was no necessity for any
more. .
Mr. MAYNARD. If the committee under-
stand the matter better than the superintendent
does, then let it go.
The amendment of Mr. Maynard wa3 not
agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the commit-
tee now rise. .
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 15, noes 45; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Eldridge
and Mr. Blaine were appointed.
_T,fy,e,committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes 30, noes 67.
So the committee refused to rise.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph having been read:
Forpurohase of fuel for cadets' mess-hall, $3,000—
Mr. MAYNARD said: I move to amend by
inserting the following:
For fire proof building for publio offices, $15,000.
I base that upon the following, from the com-
munication of General Pitcher:
"Fire-proof building for public office*.—The sum
appropriated last year is inadequate to erect a build-
ing bearing such relationship as exists among the
public buildings near which it must stand. A stone
edifice in keeping with the surrounding ones will re-
quire an additional $15,000. and beingmadefire-pro9f
in its construction, will relieve us from all anxiety in
regard to the destruction, a second time, by fire of
our valnable archives and public treasure."
The building, which has .already been com-
menced, ought to be carried forward until it is
cofnpleted.
Mr. BLAINE. Ithafl not been commenced.
Mr. MAYNARD. The character of the
building is sufficiently indicated by the extract
I have just read. It ought to be commenced
with an appropriation sufficient to carry it foW
ward to completion. I need not state the im-
portance of lire-proof buildings for the pres-
ervation of the archives, &c. The sum of
$15,000 has already been appropriated, and in
the opinion of those who certainly ought to
know better than gentlemen who have no better
means of information than I have, for instance,
it is just one half of the sum necessary to com-
plete the building. This is a sort of economy
of which I think the less we have the better
off we will be.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of. Illinois. Of the
$15,000 appropriated last year not one dollar
has yet been used, and the Committee on Ap-
propriations did not think it necessary to charge
the Treasury with another $15,000 at this time
for that purpose.
The West Point Academy lias got along
without any building of this kind from the
foundation of the Government down to the
present hour, and the committee did not believe
this a proper time to incur an expenditure of
$15,000 which was not absolutely necessary.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman tell
us how much the fire referred to in the commu-
nication of General Pitcher cost the Govern-
ment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know anything about that.
J_ Mr, MAYNARD. I suppose not.
