1868.,
THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBfr
99,7
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
material to tliid matter.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I more to strike
out the following:
For breast-high walla of water battery, $5,000:
Frovkltt/, That tho same shall complete the work.
I desire to inquire of the Committee on Ap-
propriations whether there was not last year an
appropriation of $5,000 for this same object ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There was.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I wish to know
how it is that when the Department estimated
$5,000 last year for constructing this wall we
are called upon now to appropriate an addi-
tional $5,000.
Mr. VV ASHBURNE, of Illinois. On that
point my colleague must inquire of the Depart-
ment, and I hope he will get some satisfactory
information. 1 am utterly opposed to the prac-
tice pursued by the Departments of sending in
their estimates and then exceeding them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Department
estimated last year for $5^000 for completing
this wall, not commencing it. We gave them
that. I suppose they may have got the wall
up knee-high. They now want $5,000 more.
The proviso that this appropriation shall com-
plete the work will amount to nothing. They
will expend this appropriation, and next year
will coiue in and ask for more. That is the
universal practice.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. CORNELL. I move to strike out the
following:
For rebuilding north wharf, $5,000.
There is already a good wharf at WestPoint,
the wharf at which the steamboats land. This
north wharf is used solely for landing lumber,
&c. I-Phink that when we are endeavoring to
cut down our expenses wherever practicable
the rebuilding of that wharf can very well be
deferred for a year or two.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman who moves this amendment represents,
I believe, the district in which the West Point
Academy is located; and if he thinks this ap-
propriation should be stridjen out I will inter-
pose no objection. But I will read the state-
ment which induced the committee to insert
the appropriation. m
" Rebuilding north wharf.—The north Wharf is much
required to receive all our stores of fuel, forago, lum-
ber, ordnance, &c. The present ouawas constructed
nearly thirty years ago, and is so much decayed as to
be unsafe—so much so that I deemed it inexpedient
to erect upon it the permanent derrick authorized this
year."
If th§ gentleman has information which en-
ables him to state to the committee that the
rebuilding of this wharf is not necessary I
shall be very glad to have the appropriation
stricken out.
Mr. CORNELL. I believe from my per-
sonal knowledge that the present wharf will
answer very well for several years.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope,
then, that the gentleman's amendment will be
agreed to.
The amendment was adopted.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am au-
thorized by the Committee on Appropriations
to offer the following amendment, embracing
a provision which was inadvertently omitted:
Add at the end of tho bill the following:
For contingencies for tho Superintendent of tho
Academy, $500.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now
move to amend by adding at the end of the
bill the following:
Provided,"i\u>.t bo part of the sums appropriated
by the provisions of this act shall be expended in
violation of the provisions of an act entitled "An
act to prescribe an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 2,1862; and provided further.
That no part of the moneys appropriated by this act
shall be applied to the pay or subsistence of any ca-
det from any State declared to be in rebellion against
the Government of the United State?, appointed
after the 1st day of January, 18(58, until such State
shall have returned to its original relation to the
Union.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will allow me a moment. Does this contem-
plate all the cadets there shall be required to
keep themselves within the purview of the act
of July, 1S62? Is it intended to operate upon
the cadets?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is in-
tended to operate upon the cadets hereafter to
be appointed; that no one shall be appointed
unless he takes the test-oath.
Mr. BLAINE. I differ entirely with the
committee in the last part qf the proviso. I
opposed it last year, i do not believe in pun-
ishing children in the rebel States. When
this war began the persons eligible to be ap-
pointed were nine, ten, or eleven years of age,
and I do not propose to punish them for the
faults of their fathers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It pun-
ishes no children, but merely provides that no
rebel shall be admitted into West Point.
Mr. BLAINE. I am opposed to keeping up
this imaginary line. We are told that Ala-
bama will be represented upon this floor in six
weeks hence. When she comes in her Repre-
sentatives may appoint cadets. To adopt this
now will accomplish nothing. I call for a
division of the amendment. I am opposed to
the last clause of the amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
last word; and, in reply to the gentleman from
Maine, let me say, as a measure of public policy,
I insist on it that every inducement shall be held
oat to these States to aid ia the work df recon-
struction. We ought to hold out to them all
the advantages of education, both military and
naval. We all know there is an element there
opposing reconstruction, resisting it, using all
means, moral and otherwise, to prevent it.
This is one of many other inducements I will
hold out, especially to loyal people, to work
earnestly and actively to bring their States into
harmonious relations with the Government. I
think the amendment is wise, and ought to be
adopted. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. 1 am satisfied this bill
cantiot be passed to-night, and I therefore
move the committee rise.
. The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 28, noes 62; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Ingersoll and Mr. Washbubsie,
of Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There wili
be a vote on the amendment in the Pouse, and
I do not see any objection to otir reporting the
bill now.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw my mo-
tion,
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw my call for a
division of the amendment on condition I shall
have that opportunity in the House.
. The amendment of Mr. Washbuiine, of Illi-
nois, was agreed to.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I move to insert the
word "white" before the word "cadet."
Mr. BLAINE. Is the gentleman afraid he
would appoint a colored cadet?
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I am afraid the gentle-
man from Maine might.
' The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 17, noes 56; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Eldridge and Mr. Upsojj.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 10, noes 70; no quorum voting.
The roll was then called, and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adams, Archer, Delos R. Ashley, James M.
Ashley, Axtell, Bailey,Baldwin, Banks,Barnes,Bar-
nurn, Beck, Benjamin, Benton, Bingham, Buyer,
Bromwell, Brooks, Buekland, Burr. Cary, Chanler,
Header VV. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook. L'o-
vode, Cullom, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eg-
gleston, Eliot, Ferry, Fields,Finney, (jarlield, Uloss-
brenner, Gotladay, Grriswold, Harding, Hawkins,
Hill, llolman, Hopkins, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Richard D. Hubbard, Humphrey, Judd, Kel-
ley, Kelsey, Kerr, Keteham. Kitchen, Knott, George
V. Lawrcnae, Lincoln, Loan, Loughridge. Lyneh,
Marshall, Marvin, McCarthy, McCullouch, Mercur,
Moorhead, Morgan, Morrissey, Nowcomb, Nichol-
son, Orth, Peters, Phelps, Pike, Pianis, Poland, l'ol-
sley, Pomeroy, rrice, Robi-rUon, Robinson, Ro«s,
Sawyer, Selye, Shellabaracr, Sitpreavcs Smith,
Spalding, Thaddeus Stevens, Stokof,, Stone, Taylor,
Thomas. John Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,
Van Aukun, Van Trump, Van Wyck, AVard, Her.ry
D. Washburn, John T. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, Wood, Woodbndse, and Woodward.
The committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the special ordef,
being the Military Academy appropriation bill,
and finding itself without a quorum, had cansed
the roll to be called, and directed him to re-
port the names of the absentees to the House.
ENItOLLliD .101.NX ItESOLUTIOS.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (S. No. 99) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to employ counsel in certain cases;
when the Speaker signed the same.
And then, on motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH,
(at five o'clock and ten minutes p. m.,) the
liouse adjourned.
PETITIONS, JfiTC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. BALDWIN: The petitions of A. G.
Sumner and others; of Milford, Massachusetts,
for the adoption of some measure to improve
the character of appointments to the civil ser-
vice.
Also, similar petitions of A. B. Vant and
others, of Milford, Massachusetts; B. A. Cor-
bin & Son and others, of Webster, Massa-
chusetts; and of John Hart and others, of
Southboro', Massachusetts.
Also, petition of G. S. Granger and others,
of Southboro', Massachusetts; 0. Underwood
and others, of Milford, Massachusetts; Wil-
liam S. Batchelder and others, of Holiston,
Massachusetts; A. G. Sumner and others, of
Milford, Massachusetts, and B. A. Corbin &
Son and others, of Webster, Massachusetts,
for a reduction of the internal taxes.
By Mr. CAKE: The petition of citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, is favor of
protection to American labor, setting forth
that our republican form of government was
instituted for the benefit of the masses, and
depends upon the intelligence and independ-
ence of the people for its preservation, and
that these requisite qualities for citizenship
cannot be secured to the masses without pro-
tecting the wages of their labor—which is their
capital—from the low labor of Europe, where
the workingman occupies a much less respon-
sible position than he does in this country.
By Mr. CARY: A memorial of Colonel R.
M. Moore and 600 others, oflicers, soldiers, and
marines of the late war, residents of. Cincin-
nati, Ohio, asking for legislation tci equalize
bounties and expedite the payment of the
same.
By Mr. COOK: The petition of citizens of
Grundy county, Illinois, for the extension of
the patent for Atkins's raker.
By Mr. DR1GGS: The petition of Hon.
George C. Jones and 200 others, of Ontonagon,
Lake Superior, Michigan, praying Congress to
save the copper interest of the country from
ruin by the immediate imposition of an in-
creased duty on imported foreign copper.
By Mr. ELA: The petition of John L. Platts,'
of Dover, New Hampshire, and 208 others,
engaged in the manufacture of shoes and
leather, for removal of tax.
Also, the petition of John M. Brackett, of
Wolfboro', New Hampshire, and 36 others, in
same business, and for same purpose.
Also, the petition of E. O. Curtis, of Far-
mington, New Hampshire, and ICothers, manu-
facturers of shoes, for same purpose.
Also, the petition of Charles C. Mooney, of
