998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Alton, New Hampshire, and 49 others, manu-
facturers of shoes and leather, fqr same purpose.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of John L.
Bullard. of Massachusetts, for relief from cer-
tain disallowances in his account as commis-
sary of subsistence.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: Sev-
enteen copies of a memorial adopted by the
national convention of manufacturers, assem-
bled at Cleveland, Ohio, December 18, 1867,
most numerously signed by shoe and leather
manufacturers of Boston, Natick, and South
Danver, Massachusetts, representing that the
belief has become universal throughout the
United States that the interests of this country
demand a great and decided change in the
mode of appointments and removals and in
the qualifications of all officers who are selected
to execute the laws lor the collection or for the
disbursement of the moneys belonging to the
United States; that the evils of the present
system are so potent and so gross that the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue both admit the
impossibility of conducting the revenues and
Treasury of the country creditably or satisfac-
torily with officers appointed under the present
imperfect plan.
By Mr. KELLEY: A memorial of the
Philadelphia Board of Trade, asking that the
duties imposed by the present tariff upon raw
or unmanufactured jute be materially or wholly
removed.
By Mr. LYNCH: A memorial of national
convention of manufacturers, assembled at
Cleveland, asking change of revenue laws.
Also, a memorial of national convention of
manufacturers assembled at Cleveland, asking
a change in mode of appointing officers for
collecting and disbursing moneys belonging to
the United States.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Polly
W. Cotton, widow of Wayne VV. Cotton, de-
ceased, late of Scott county, Tennessee, and
captain seventh Tennessee infantry, praying
for arrears of pay and pension.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of D. W.
Belisle, for pension to Martin Belisle, one of
our heroes of the war of 1812.
Bv Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of
Hall Patterson and Samuel Green, praying
that compensation be paid to the heirs of
Lieutenant Cook, for services in accordance
with his rank.
By Mr. MULLINS: The petition of William
Spence, a citizen of Tennessee, praying re-
muneration for property taken and destroyed
by the United States armies during the late
rebellion.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of Charles
Jenkins, for arrears ofpension.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of citizens
of Washington, for improved sidewalks and
walks in pleasure grounds.
Also, a remonstrance of ex-Army officers of
Maine, against the measure relative to com-
mutation for servants' pay.
By Mr. SCHENCK: The petition of W. M.
Glendy and H. G. Purviance, commodores on
the retired list of the Navy, praying Congress
to allow them the rank of rear admiral on
the retired list without any increase of pay.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of J. F.
Ryder and others, citizens of Cleveland, Ohio,
for relief from taxation as photographers.
By Mr. TAFFE: The proceedings of a
meeting of the citizens of Omaha, Nebraska,
at which resolutions were adopted, urging an
immediate demand by Congress for the uncon-
ditional release of all American citizens now
imprisoned by British authority who have com-
mitted no offense within the territorial limits
and jurisdiction of Great Britain.
By Mr. THOMAS: The petition of Mrs. E.
M. Nicholas, claiming rent for house.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of Fogg,
Houghton & Coolidge and 08 others, shoe
and leather manufacturers of Boston, Massa-
chusetts, praying for a change in the mode of
appointment, removal, qualification, &c., of
revenue officers.
Also, the petition of Webster & Co. and 51
others, of similar import.
Also, the petition of Frederick Jones and
202 others, of similar import.
Also, the petition of E. & M. H. Batchel-
der & Co. and 100 others, shoe and leather
manufacturers of Boston, Massachusetts, pray-
ing for a change of internal revenue taxes.
Also, the petition of Alexander Moseley
and 37 others, of similar import.
Also, the petition of Atherton, Stetson &
Co. and 65 others, of similar import.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana: The pe-
tition of E. B. Allen, for pay allowance for
services as captain company B, seventy-first
regiment Indiana volunteers.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts:
The petition of Milton Boher and 108 others,
shoe and leather manufacturers, of Athol, in
ninth Massachusetts district, in favor of a
change in the manner of the administration ef
the revenue laws.
Also, the petition of Albert Thorp and 85
others, and C. M. Lee and 34 others, shoe and
leather manufacturers of the said town of
Athol, for same purpose.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 6, 18G8.
Prayer by Rev. E. H. Gray, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempom pnumlml a
memorial of members of the constitutional
convention of Arkansas, praying that the re-
construction conventions in the several States
be empowered by act of Congress to organise
a provisional State government, anthorize the
creation, appointment, and removal of such
offices and officers as maybe deemed expedient
and necessary to aid in the early adoption of a
constitution in those States ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAMERON presented five petitions of
citizens of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania,
Craying for the establishment of a mail route
etween Lancaster city and Liberty Square,
in that county; which were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, praying for legislation for the
protection of American labor and industry;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented a memorial of the Phila-
delphia Board of Trade, praying for a reduc-
tion or removal of the duty on jute ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented two memorials of citizens
of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against any
change in the national banking system; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of manufactu-
rers of saddlery and harness of the city of Phil-
adelphia, praying for the repeal of the internal
revenue tax on such goods as are made by the
trade; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of P.
Cudmore and three hundred and sixty citizens
of the State of Minnesota, asking that a land
warrant of one hundred and sixty acres of land
be issued to each of the enlisted men of the
volunteer force engaged in suppressing the late
rebellion ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present a memorial
of citizens of Detroit, in the State of Michi-
gan, asking for a reduction of taxation; and
as they are somewhat specific I will read a few
of their demands:
" We ask that the Navy be reduoed from one hun-
dred and throe vessels now in commission to thirty
or less. Wo demand that tho great naval pageaDt
now on exhibition in Europe be ordered home and
laid up. We are not willing to be taxed for the sake
of sustaining this royal mimicry. We demand the
reduction of the Army to twenty thousand mon. We
demand the reduction of the sum asked for civil ser-
vice to $20,000,000; that the Navy appropriations be
roducfd to 812.000,000, and the war appropriations to
$35,000,000, or less. Our northern forts can be takon
care of by the disabled soldiers; tho laid-up ships
by the mnimed sailors. We need no soldiers in tho
1 North. Wo want the fifty thousand able-bodied men
now living in idlo uselessness in tho Navy and the
Army relieved, so that they may aid us in the devel-
opment of tho nation's wealth. Wo need no naval
or military parade to eonvince tho world of our
power. That is fully understood. Insult or injury
to our nation will bring millions of braves to defend
the honor of our flag. We want the useless steam
revenuc-eutters at sea and on tho lakes laid up, and
their wasteful exponses stopped. Wo want no largo
standing Army or Navy to exhaust our substance
during peaco."
I move the reference of this memorial to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I present two petitions of a
large number of citizens of Green Bay, in the
State of Wisconsin, asking that some of the
money saved by the prayer of the petition just
offered may be appropriated to building a har-
bor at the mouth of the Menomonee river. I
move their reference to the Committee on Com-
merce.
- The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of Mary
, Atkinson, praying to be allowed a pension;
| which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
: sions.
I He also presented the petition of John Fitz-
gerald, praying to be allowed a pension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of Mrs.
George B. Simpson, praying for compensation
for the use by the Government of the invention
ket kusband known as the submarine tele-
graph cable ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CONKLING. I present the petition of
a large number of citizens of the county of
Oswego, State of New York, referring to a bill
pending before the Thirty-Ninth Congress for
the relief of soldiers of 1812, and for granting
them pensions. The petition prays that that
bill or some similar bill may be taken up and
passed. In presenting this petition I desire to
say that I do it with great pleasure, feeling that
some attention at least is due to the multiplied
petitions of this sort which are now before the
two Houses asking relief or consideration for
the veterans of the War of 1812, but few of whom
are left, and many of them in circumstances
which appeat,very strongly to the considerate
attention of Congress. I move the reference
of this petition to the Committee on Peasions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the petition of
Armistead T. Monroe, of Texas, praying to be
relieved from civil disabilities imposed on him
by the reconstruction acts of Congress. It is
accompanied by a number of papers, which, in
my opinion, make a proper case for relief by
Congress. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion Was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON presented a memorial of the
American Board of Immigration, praying that
it be granted a charter and means with which
to commence work; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I desire to present a
petition signed by Charles Snyder and perhaps
fifty or one hundred others, colored persons in
North Carolina, setting forth that they are poor
and distressed ; that they have never received
anything from the Government; that they find
it very difficult to live where they are; that the ,
landholders of North Carolina are not willing
that they should acquire title to lands; that
their wages are not sufficient to support them ;
that everything they have to purchase of the
landholders they are charged extravagantly for,
and expressing a desire to go to Liberia under
the auspices of the Colonization Society. The
petition is a very touching one. It concludes
with the statement that:
. " We have nothad onodollar fromthe Government
m this world, no rations, no clothing or books, no
teachers: and we do not know how to send to you.
Please forgive our ignorance."
It is then signed by these parties, who rep-
