1000
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
by law for the construction of the Union Pacific
railroad. And in case the Central Branch
company shall deem it desirable, it may con-
struct its road so as to connect with the Omaha
branch of the Union Pacific railroad at any
nearer point east of that meridian. But no
subsidy in United States bonds is to be allowed
to the Central Branch company for any greater
length of road than one hundred and fifty miles
from the termination of the one hundred miles
on which bonds are already authorized to be
issued.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill is a much more
important affair than probably Senators are
aware of. It is with a good deal of reluctance
that I say anything about it. I am opposed to
the passage of the bill, and will simply state
the reasons why I could not vote for it in com-
mittee, and why I shall not be able to vote for
it in the Senate, although, as a large majority
of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad agreed
to report it, I cannot expect that anything I
shall say will prevent the passage of the bill.
The bill proposes to grant a subsidy to the
central branch of the Union Pacific railroad
amounting to $2,400,000. The limit is one
hundred and fifty miles at $10,000 a mile.
Mr. HOWARD. That is the maximum.
Mr. SHERMAN. This subsidy is claimed
on the ground that by the original act incor-
porating the Pacific railroad, the act of July 1,
1862, three branches were authorized to be
constructed from the Missouri river, reaching
to and connecting with eaeh other at the one
hundredth meridian of longitude—the Omaha
branch, called the Union Pacificrailroadproper,
the St. Joseph or Atchison branch, and the
Leavenworth branch. I do not give the tech-
nical names, but I give the names by which
they are mostknown. The one along the valley
of the Platte was to reach the one hundredth
meridian in the Platte valley; the Leaven-
worth branch was authorized to continue a road
organized by the State of Kansas westwardly
and northwestwardly along the Republican fork
of the river until it also made a connection
with the Union Pacific at one hundredth meri-
dian ; and the central branch was provided for
by authorizing the St. Joseph line to extend
the road westwardly one hundred miles to reach
number two ; that is, the Leavenworth branch ;
and then to inake the connection with the
main road at the one hundredth meridian;
but the amount of subsidy to this road was
limited to one hundred miles or $1,600,000.
-Subsequently, in 1866, Congress, by an act,
authorized the Leavenworth branch to divert
its road southward so as to reach the main
road west of Denver, thus preventing the cen-
tral branch from making a connection with the
Union Pacific road east of the one hundredth
meridian. Undoubtedly this gives the central
branch some equitable claim; and I should be
very willing to satisfy that equitable claim by
granting them lands and every facility neces-
sary to extend their road westward so as to
reach the main branch this side of the one hun-
dredth meridian ; but the question for the Sen-
ate now to determine is whether it is willing to
extend the system of subsidies beyond the
amount already authorized by law. No other
railroads received subsidies except the Pacific
railroads. It was a new feature in our railroad
laws. All former railroads iij the West were
built by the aid of the Government in land
grants ; but it was believed that the overriding
necessity which rested upon us to construct a
Pacific railroad authorized and justified the
United States in extending money facilities to
thosfe roads, and it was done. I voted for the
bill, and have never had cause to regret it. I
think the construction of the road is a matter
of the highest importance; but the question
now is whether we shall extend these subsidies
further than is provided for under existing laws.
For one I am opposed to it in the present con-
dition of the finances.
I do not think we ought to extend these sub-
sidies at present. I have no doubt what is
■called the Union Pacific railroad, eastern divis-
ion, will eventually be extended westward to
New Mexico, and under a more favorable con-
dition of our finances, when we are settled
again on a specie basis or near a specie basis,
I might feel disposed to grant a subsidy to this
road to extend it to New Mexico ; but at pres-
! ent it does seem to me we ought not to extend
this system of subsidies to any other road or
to any road.
The claim now made by the Central Pacific
road is based upon this equity: that by an act of
1 Congress we prevented them from making their
connection with the main Pacific railroad, as
contemplated by the original act of 1862. On
J this ground it claims relief, and many gentlemen
who are connected with the road, some of them
of high character and whom I esteem person-
ally, say that unless some relief is given to
them they will be ruined, broken up, by trust-
' ing to the provisions of the original act of
, Congress, which were changed and diverted by
the act of 1866. To the extent of giving lands,
perhaps more than the usual grant of lands, I
: am willing to extend them relief; but J am not
now willing to issue more bonds to any rail-
roads unless there is a clear right under exist-
ing laws to demand those bonds. That there
is not such a clear right is shown by the fact
that this bill is introduced; it is shown by the
i fact that the Secretary of the Interior, who hag
; examined this question, reports that under ex-
j isting laws he cannot issue these bonds to the
central branch; it is shown also, I believe, by
i the report of the committee itself that under
existing laws no bonds can be granted to the
I Central Pacific except for hamlwttl n>i)tn
They have already bepn issued or will soon be
issued under existing laws. This bill proposes
to give them an additional grant of bonds for
the extension of the road beyond the one hun-
dred miles to a point this side of the one hun-
dredth meridian, intersecting the main trunk
of the Union Pacific road. I am not pre-
pared, in the present condition of our finances;
to give this vote. At the same time I acknowl-
edge the equity of the claim for some relief; I
acknowledge the importance of this road, the
necessity to give to all the country represented
by the central braneh a connection with th#
Union Pacific road. I acknowledge the value
and importance of this branch; but I am not
now prepared to vote any additional subsidy
not specifically required by law. This is not
required by law, and without law it will not be
granted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like some
gentleman connected with the committee to
explain a little more specifically how this equity
arises. I understand by the original law a
subsidy was granted for one hundred miles,
and the company received it. Now they ask
to have a subsidy for one hundred and fifty
miles more, or about that. I want to under-
stand more definitely how the claim arises on
the Government to give this additional subsidy,
upon what particular equity it is founded.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee en the
Pacific Railroad had this subject under con-
sideration at several of their meetings, and they
gave it, I think, very careful attention, actu-
ated as they were by the desire to do perfect
justice to this line of road. The committee on
presenting the bill to the Senate accompanied
it with a written report, No. 11, in which the
statutory provisions bearing on this subject are
all set forth, I think, with sufficient clearness,
and they came to the conclusion that in equity
and in fairness the central branch was entitled
to this additional subsidy. I will state how it
arises, and I will endeavor to make myself as
clear as practicable.
Under former acts of legislatioft, what is
now the central branch had a right to form a
junction with the eastern division, so called,
which is the main Kansas branch. That east-
ern division was required to form a junction
with the Union Pacific railroad proper on the
hundredth degree of longitude. It was bound
to construct its line to that point, or nearly to
that point. At all events, it was under a legal
obligation to form a junction with ths main
stem, that is, the Union Pacific proper. That
necessitated the construction of its line from
its point of commencement in a northwestern
direction up what is known as the Republican
fork, reaching the Union Pacific railroad
proper, and it received a subsidy of lands and
bonds like the other branches of the Union
, Pacific railroad. In 1866, however, on the
application of the eastern division, Congress
passed an act allowing that division to diverge
from its then route toward the hundredth de-
gree of tongitude, and to go off westwardly
up to what is known as the Smoky Hill fork,
toward Denver, and it was permitted by the
act of 1866 to proceed westwardly to some
point not more than fifty miles west of the
city of Denver, in Colorado, and there it was
required to form its junction with the main
stem of the Union Pacific railroad. But under
1 the former legislation the Central Pacific road
had the right to unite itself with the eastern
division on its way toward the hundredth
degree of longitude ; it had a right to form
a connection with that line; and of coursc it
had a right to all the advantages which would
naturally in the course of business arise from
that connection ; but the act of 1866 rendered
that junction of the central branch with the
eastern division in its northwestern course
entirely impracticable, and the result has' been
that, although the central branch has con-
structed its road for one hundred miles, it
finds it impossible to form a junction with the
! eastern division in consequence of the diver-
j sio^pf which I have spoken, and, to use a
common phrase, finds itself left out in the
cold. It can go no further by means of sub-
sidies from the Government.
The conclusions to which the committee came
are very briefly stated in the report, and with
the indulgence of the Senate I will read them :
"The Secretary of the Interior does not recognizo
this claim"—
This company claimed its right to lands and
bonds, and asked to have the bonds issued by
the Secretary of the Interior ; but he refused,
and I think for very good legal reasons—
" The Secretary of the Interior does not rccognize
this claim, but holds that tho divergence of the east-
ern division, inasmuch as it was permitted by the act
of 18(56, did not constitute a default in the sense of
the act of 1864.
" If his view of the construction of that act is cor-
rect, then the act of 1866 left the central branch to
stand upon theground it would have occupied if those
clauses of the sixteenth section of the act of 1864 had
not been passed.
"What was that ground? By the thirteenth sec-
tion of the act of 1862, above referred to, this central
branch could receive neither bonds nor lands to aid
in the construction for more than one hundred mitos.
The samo prohibition is repeated in section nine of
the act of 1864. Tho result is that this branch had,
and still has, the right to the subsidy and lands for
one hundred miles, but no further; though by the
ninth section it has the right to construct its road to
the initial point,' or to a point of connection still
turther west, without the subsidy or the lands beyond
the end of tho one hundred miles.
ft isnow completed for the one hundred miles west
or Atchison, in liansas, and the company askforthe
same aid in lands and bonds as the eastern division
would have been entitled to had they not diverged
ujjthe Smoky Hill river on their way toward Denver.
irom the point where tho central branch now
terminates to the old roote ot the eastern division, on
the .Republican fork, is in a dircct line about fifty
miles; but the Central Branch Company have not
hied amap of theirroute over this intervening space.
I he provisions relating to the central branch
were enacted by Congress under the expectation that
the eastern division would pass up the valley of the
ltepublican fork, and lorm a junction with the main
trunk at or near the one hundredth degree of longi-
tude; ana that the central branch would unite and
connect with it at some point on the route."
That was plainly the intention of Congress.
In other words, it was the purpose of Congress
to have a continuous line from about the one
hundredth degree on the main stem down to
Atchison. That is plainly the spirit and inten-
tion of the legislation—
. "I* was also authorised to unite with the main
trunk either on or east or west of the initial point,
but in no event was it to receive bonds or lands for
a ?.rrSu r,-dlsta.nce than one hundred miles.
,m^?f!hi1Iersl?nT0f of tfle eastern division,
under the act of July 3,1866,renders a junction with
it practically impossible; and the only question now
beiore Congress is whether they will grant bonds and
