1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 0,
infernal. •' Four years of failure to restore the
Union by the experiment of war." Thearoused
and wra htul nation planted its heel upon the
serpent's head. and Democracy crept Imck to
its holes and cavern*. Now. however, warmed
into lite a an: by the treachery of him whom
the nation then honored with its confidence.
Democracy comes forth once more, and rebels
and Democrats mingle in fraternal columns for
the final onslaught upon the nation that wound
up its " four years of failure in the experiment
of war" with crushing them and breakingtlieir
power. And their erv is still the same—the
Constitution! the Constitution! the Constitu-
tion ! They claim to he par excellence the defend-
ers and friends of the Constitution. Whatever
patriotism would do to sustain nationality they
denounce as unauthorized by the Constitution.
Whatever the people that saved the Constitu-
tion would do to uphold it they hold up as
overthrowing it. Whatever the defenders ot the
Union, covered with the scars or weeping for
the slain of a hundred battle-fields, would do
to rebuild, strengthen, and perpetuate the
Union, they cry down as unconstitutional. On
the other hand, nothing that tends to weaken
loyal power and strengthen disloyal resistance
to it: nothing that would serve to sap the base
of nationality and give the country over to dis-
integration and chaos ; nothing that, once done,
wouid so wound the vitality of the nation that
the idea of nationality would go halt and lame
forever after, till at last it would be struck down
and obliterated, but finds ample warrant in that
Constitution, and is a hallelujah in the throats
of rebels and Democrats all over the land.
Mr. President, this would be splendidly
laughable if it were not wretchedly false and
wicked. Think, sir, of rebels appealing to the
Constitution they spent four years in endeavor-
ing to destroy, and would destroy now if they
could, and then recall the devil's quoting Scrip-
ture to the Saviour to tempt him to his fall.
Never was parallel more complete. And what
difference is there between rebels and Demo-
crats in this transaction? Just the difference
between rebelism South and rebelisin North,
that is all: a mere question of latitude. The
northern Democrat who backs up the rebels,
is only another variety of the same animal.
They hunt together in couples ; they search for
the small things of the Constitution through
the same microscope; they sing always in
chorus; they love and hate alike: they swear by
each other, and when the day of their triumph
comes, if it ever should, will they not pluck
the national goose together? But, sir, I will
not consume further time upon this Damon
and Pythias of political filibusterism, but pass
to other and higher topics.
Sir, the American people are a nation or 1
they are not. I really thought that matter s t- !
tied affirmatively on the battle-field, but J find
it practically disputed and denied in the Halls
of Congress nearly two years after the roar of j
the last battle-field of the rebellion had died <!
away. The battle of nationality is to be fought j
over again, hereand before the people. Errors '
and heresies which I thought dissolved in air ,
with the smoke of the last rebel gun fired against
the Union are gathering again in compact and
thunder-laden clouds over the national Capitol,
and from day to day are flashed across our vision,
not blindingly as of old, but still vividly enough
todeinand attention. \V ere we still enveloped,
as in former times, with the black robe of sla-
very, the dashes would be more blinding, but,
thanks to brave hearts and strong hands, dry i
powder and Divine Providence, that pall has
been lifted from us, and we stand in the un- j
dimmed light of a blood-bought freedom. And !
now as the mariner takes his noon-time obser- !
vations of the suti that he may tell where on
the broad sea he is, let us look where we as a
nation are, what we know of the chart we have
to sail by, and where the harboris in which we
are to find rest.
Sir, that harbor is in nationality. We are a
nation. We are one people. We are not thirty-
seven different peoples. For nearly ninety-four
years we have been one people; by our own
act one people; by the fiat of the Almighty
one people. As one people we have a Union
formed by our fathers, inherited bv us their
sons, and to lie bequeathed to our children, I
pray and tru-'t. to remotest generations. The
questions which now agitate this nation all
grow out of mad anil wicked attempts to destroy
that Union, first in war, bv burning its bonds,
now, in peace, by weakening them till tliey will
110 more hold the great fabric together. The
motive power of those attempts was and is
the same—State sovereignty. The support then
and now was and is the doctrines and dogmas
of the Virginia resolutions of "V>8 and the Ken-
tucky resolutions of'W, which 1 had hoped
were riven in twain like old Virginia herself,
but which are summoned up in this day to
do their work over, as if they were entitled to
the respect of any man who knew what a nation
is or could grasp the grand idea of nationality.
But, sir, not to wander after antediluvian
relics, I reiterate that the questions now agi-
tating this nation all grow out of mad and
wicked attempts to destroy our noble Union,
either by war or by weakening the faith of the
people in it, or by making them believe it
something it is not or misleading them to think
it is not what it is. Under such cireumstances
I hold it well to endeavor to bring out in clcar
and strong light the nature of the Union, by
way of exhibiting and illustrating the power
of the nation over all its component parts. I
am one of those that believe a nation must, to
exist, have national power over all its people;
and my object is to show that this nation has
such a power, unlimited in its exercise by any-
thing but its Constitution, and that there is no
limit there which ties its hands in dealing with
the reconstruction of the rebel States.
Mr. President, there are millions in this land
who have heard of the Union all their lives, and
who cannot intelligently answer the simple ques-
tion, What is the Union? Other millions there
arc who have from the cradle been taught to
regard it as anything but what it is, and will
answer that it is a confederacy. I hear it
libelled some times on this floor by being so
called. Others there are who hold the Union
to be the offspring of the Constitution, and so
verify the old and homely saying of putting the
cart before the horse. Is it not timely, sir, to
strike another blow at these and kindred here-
sies? Shall we not repel them when they are
thus untimely thrust before us? For, sir, he
who denies the power of the nation over the
reconstruction of the rebel States, and claims
for those States the right of self-reconstruc-
tion, does not, in my opinion, know what the
Union is, or what its Constitution is, or what
the inherent power of the nation, unnamed in
the Constitution, is; and needs to acquire the
very rudiments of political knowledge in regard
to the institutions of his country.
Sir, there i« much more than might strike the
unreflecting mind at first thought in the ques-
tion. What is the Union? Does it occur to
men generally that there never was its like
before in the history of the human race ? I do
not mean its like in organic structure so much
as in the way it came into being. When
before in human history was a nation formed
by the voluntary flowing together of thirteen
separate communities, each having a distinct
governmental organization, and almost every
one differing in important particulars of indi-
vidual character and social structure from
almost every other? Reflect for a moment
npon that word, voluntary. Nations have been
constructed by conquest, by the consolidated
power of kings and warriors, absorbing neigh-
boring communities by treaty transfers and
other compulsion or pressure ; but when ever
before did three million people, scattered in
separate communities over a space of a thou-
sand miles, each existing apart, with defined
limits, with distinctsystems, laws, customs, and
industries, and with diverse interests, prejudices,
and antagonisms, unshackling themselves from
every trammel and weight, and of their own
unforced will, come together as onepeopla? If
rach a sight was ever before seen on earth
when and where was it? You know, sir, we
all know, that it was a phenomenon in human
annals, having no predecessor, no like, as it
can have 110 rival. Was it not the fulfillment
of the idea which found expression inhuman
language nowhere till it, was written by inspira-
tion in the word of (Jod, of a nation born in a
day ? Sir, it was born in a day ; and it is, there-
fore, the world's miracle to this day, and will
be to the last day.
I confess, sir, nothing in the records of hu-
manity so moves my whole nature as the con-
templation of that national birth. I see the
hand of (Jod in it, holding men and races to
that path which shall glorify llim and spread
over the earth the knowledge of His name. I
see in it, too, the loftiest and most animated
manifestation of human magnanimity, truth,
and bravery that the world ever beheld. I
see in it the point of departure of a great
people on n career of unequalcd grandeur and
glory ; and I see in it the birth-tiine of liberty
that is not license, of association of people, not
a mob ; of popular government based upon the
lawfully expressed will of the mass; of a nation
governing itself without a king, and going forth
on a mission as sublime as the march of the
stars, and by its mere existence liberating
other peoples, overturning thrones, stripping
crowns from unworthy brows, beaming radi-
ance into all the habitations of cruelty over
the whole earth. Sir, I stand in reverential
and loving awe of that birth-time of this then
weak and toddling, now great and powerful,
nation, and of the Union which brought it
into being, to bless in the course of time so
many countless millions of the human race—
to curse never one creature of earth but him
who would lift a sacrilegious hand to destroy it.
Sir, had there been no separate colonial
organizations of the British inhabitants of
North America there would have been no sep-
arate States in the new nation which came
into existence here nearly a hundred years ago ;
and had there been no States there would have
been 110 such assaults as we have lived to see
upon American nationality. That feature of
our internal organism as a people has had the
singular fate of having been at once our strength
and our weakness, our citadel and our vul-
nerable point. But for it there would have
been no centers around which Slate pride,
insubordination, and lust of power could have
gathered to attack that nationality. But for it
the national idea would have reigned with un-
disputed and ever-enlarging sway over our
whole people, past, present, and to come. I
refer to it, not as questioning its value to the
nation—for it is, in my judgment, of priceless
and enduring value—but as pointing to the
only antagonist that has ever existed to the
glorious idea and ennobling feeling of nation-
ality. There never was a time when the na-
tion would assail the constitutional rights of
the States, but, on the other hand, there never
was a time since the adoption of the Constitu-
tion when there was not a party in the south-
ern States nibbling and caviling at and finally
resisting the idea of nationality in its bioad
and comprehensive scope, and setting up the
States as individually superior to the nation.
That party plunged into war to establish its
heresies, and the nation plunged it and its
heresies together into a pit from which neither
will ever emerge. State rights and the rebel-
lion went down together, and nationality stands
victor, not for this brief day or decade or cen-
tury, but forever. The first centenary of the
American Union, now near at hand, will see
a nation in the full blaze of a better under-
stood and more deeply cherished nationality;
and State rights will be remembered only as
the instigator of a war as causeless as it was
atrocious, and as barren of favorable results
to its fomentors as it was fruitful of ultimate
and lasting good to their conquerors.
Sir, it is on this high plane of nationality
that I propose to consider the questions now
before the Senate and the nation. Here alone
can we reach "the height of this great argu-
ment." Down among the graves of State
