1868.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
rights and the pitfalls of Democracy, where
pestilential miliaria. chilling logs, and bewil-
dering uek-a-latiterns lire bred, wo cannot see
truth. W e imi-n ascend to tin- region of un-
clouded nationality before we can i>ehold it in
i's radiance. In that wonder of allegories of
John Uunvun's it is related that Christiana
w: < taken into a room where was a man
that could look no way but downward, with
a muck-rake m hi< hand : and there stood also
one over Ins head with a celestial crown in
his hand, and proffered him that crown for his
muck-rake ; but the man did neither lookup
nor regard, but raked to himself the straws, the
small sticks, and dust of the lloor." That
scene is before us here. The Democrat with
his inuck-mke raking to himself the straws,
the small sticks, and the dust of State rights,
and refilling to look up to the crown ol na-
tionality held over his head. Let him look
down : I will look up. Let hirn rake together
his straws and sticks and dust; I will take the
crown.
Mr. President, let us briefly view this subject
in the light of history. The Union dates, not
from che Constitution, nor from the Articles
of Confederation, nor from the Declaration
of Independence, but antedates them all. its
birthday was the -Sth of September, 1774—a
day yet to be fitly commemorated, 1 hope, by
this nation—when was assembled that noble
band of patriots which constituted the grand
old Continental Congress. They were the rep-
resentatives. not ot the chartered organiza-
tions known as the Colonies, but of the peo-
ple thereof, receiving their appoinments either
from the popular or representative branch of
the Colonial Legislatures or from conventions
of the people of the Colonies, styling them-
selves in their more formal acts "tlie dele-
gates appointed by the good people of these
Colonic." in them the people of the Colo-
nies were together, and their acts were the acts
of the people, before any State bad an exist-
ence. From the day they came together till
this hour the American people, first as colo-
nists and British subjects, and then as Ameri-
can citizens, have been a uuited people.
On the 4th of July, 1770, they formally de-
clared that they were " one people," and their
representatives claimed to act, and acting " in
the name and by the authority of the good peo-
ple of these Colonies," put forth that Declara-
tion of Independence which announced a new
birth into the family of nations. Though the
Union had existed for nearly two years, here
was the point at which the nation stepped into
the arena of the world. It could not, while in
a condition of colonial dependence, call itself
a nation ; but when it renounced dependence
and proclaimed itself free and independent
then it entered upon its career of nationality,
assuming the responsibilities, acknowledging
the obligations, wielding the powers, and ac-
cepting the destiny, lor weal or for woe, of a
nation.
Now, Mr. President, kere is the point at
which to look at the subject of nationality in
its original, inherent, and naked verity, lhe
people of thirteen separate chartered organiza-
tions voluntarilycorne togetheras people, make
themselves one people instead ot thirteen peo-
ples, declare themselves to the world a nation,
and " for the support of this declaration mutu-
ally pledge to each other their lives, their for-
tunes, and their sacred honor." And that there
may be no mistake as to their Union and their <
unity, they call the new nation, not America,
not the American League, not the American
Republic. not the Confederate States of Amer-
ica, but the United States of America, a name
which itself tells the whole story of American ,
nationality. i
But what did nationality mean in that day? :
That was the time when it stood forth in its !
native and unclothed proportions, before any ;
garments in the shape of articles of confedera- !
tion or constitution had been tried on it, and j
must look to that time to understand what
it was. I atlirui, as confidently as I would my
own existence, that nationality meant then the 1
I entire and absolute sovereignty of the nation
, over every matter which, in (he judgment of the
nation, was of national import. The infant
nation may not, in all cases, have asserted its
sovereignty, it may have failed in some things
or many things to exercise it, but still the sov-
ereignty was there or it was nowhere. Who
will say fliat it was nowhere? Who will say
that it was not there? It was there, and no-
where else. The very act of organizing the
nation declared that the nation had full power
over every national interest, measure, and
agency. In that morning twilight of the Re-
public it may have been that what was national
was not at once clearly seen, but when seen
there was no dispute as to the nation's power
over it. Had there been room for such dis-
pute it was as impossible for the nation to have
lived ns for the human body to perform its
functions, with arms and hands and legs and
ieet disputing the supremacy of the brain, and
each going its own way, and that a contrary
way to the rest.
The simple and comprehensive truth, sir,
covering the whole case and the whole time
from then till now, and to cover the whole time
fiom now till the end of this llepublic is, that
the nation in the absence of any self-imposed
restrictions is, by the mere fact of its existence
as a nation necessarily and absolutely sovereign
over everything which, in its own judgment,
attaches to, hears upon, or affects its national-
ity or its national interests. Upon this princi-
ple I base my whole argument. A principle it
is. sir. not an assumption, a dogma, a flourish,
or a figure of speech. And as the world in the
long run is swayed by right principles—us all
who oppose such principles must, sooner or
later, go down before tlieni—as whatever con-
flicts with them must, however in the ascend-
ant for a time, at last shrivel up, decay, and
disappear; so, to save this nation, all opposing
doctrines must be overpowered and east out by
the steady and resistless advance through all i
its parts of the imperishable principle of na-
tional sovereignty over every national affair or
concern, inhering in the very fact of the exist-
ence of nationality, and needing no written
assertion of itself in article, constitution, or
statute, to give it vitality. " !
Pursuing the course of historical review, let j
ns come to the periods when the infant nation
began to clothe itself with a form of govern-
ment, It will be found that it has neveryielded 1
the principle I contend for. Even in the Arti-
cles of Confederation, which created rather a j
semblance than a reality of Government, the
nation asserted its sovereignty over every mat-
ter of national concern by expressly denying
any State interference in at least nine distinctly
mentioned subjects, and excluding it in many
others by declaring the sole and exclusive right
of the nation, through its Congress, over them.
This form of government, tW so
hampered by restnctiouMtiM it could not sor-
vire • single £«4aae of years. The principle
of national sovereignty struggled to throw off
the trammels which bound it under that imbe-
cile confederation. And though it was de-
clared in the Articles of Confederation that
they should be inviolably observed by every
State, and that no alteration should at any time
thereafter be made in any of them unless such
alteration should be agreed to in a Congress
of the United States, and be afterward con-
firmed by the Legislatures of every State, yet
before the end of ten years they were cast
aside by the nation, and the national sover-
eignty asserted itself in the Constitution under
which the country lias ever since been gov-
erned.
And now, sir, I insist that that Constitu-
tion was made for no other reason than that
the inherent sovereignty of the nation was so
restricted by the Articles of Confederation as to
be almost smothered. Under those articles
the States preponderated to such a degree that
the nation was in imminent peril of losing its
foundation of nationality. Read the history of
those times, and come to any other conclusion,
if you can, than that the Constitution was
demanded by the sovereignty of the nation, for
| the sake of the nation's life. The nation felt
! itself no nation when its sovereignty was shorn
ot its power and manacled in its weakness by
the States that composed it. The principle of
national sovereignty, inherent in the national
existence, could not be so repressed. It had to
be liberated or the nation must expire. Like all
great principles it rose from the dust of its
prostration and overthrew its opponents. And
mark how it triumphed. Though, as stated
just^now, the States had so fortified the Articles
of Confederation for perpetuity as to require
for their alteration, first, the assent of Con-
gress, and secondly, that of the Legislatures
of every State—requirements apparently unat-
tainable—yet so imperative and unyielding was
the demand of the principle of national sover-
eignty for recognition and scope and free-
dom to act, that the Constitution was, by its
terms, to be euforccd in the States adopting it,
whenever nine of the thirteen States should
ratify it, and was so enforced before all the
States had yielded their ratifications.
Sir, that Constitution was not based upon the
idea of guarding the rights of the States from
the aggressions of the nation, but upon the
principle of protecting the nation from the
aggressions the States had made upon the na-
tional sovereignty, threatening the overthrow
of all nationality. It was, in its simplest defin-
ition, the form and expression of the principle
of national sovereignty. Under it the States
have no powers but what it confers or con-
cedes, and can exercise none which it denies.
It declares the right of the nation over all its
parts and all its citizens, except as it allows
authority to the Slates; and it provides the
means of enforcing the nation's power over all,
without any State action, and against adverse
State action. View i* as you may ; separate its
parts as you please; put them together in any
form you can devise, and still you meet at, every
turn the pronounced and resolute assertion of
the principle of national sovereignty by the
nation, for the nation, throughout the nation.
And that principle, so asserted there, is the
same that inhered in the very existence of
American nationality, and found in that Con-
stitution, for the first time, its fit embodiment,
its appropriate utterance, and its just sway.
Mr. President, unless we interpret the Con-
stitution through this great principle, we see it
as through a reversed telescope, distant and
dwindled. It is revealed to us in its grand
proportions and luminous beneficence only
when we enlarge our lield of vision apd draw
it nearer to us. There is in it not one word
which should alienate one truly American
heart, though there are many which are repug-
nant to the devotees of &ial  i igiM <"fWr, this
is no tiiM-tu llwn' Iwwi Tespect to their
tliriWf'uig iwtionS. They are the Philistines
who would bind this American Samson. They
have already cost this nution a thousand times
more than they could repay by a century's
repentant devotion to the nationality they wick-
ed ly attempted to destroy. This, the day of
our victory over their treason, demands that
we push on to a final victory over their false
doctrines and pernicious principles. With
those doctrines and principles 1 make no
peace, hold no parley, nor for them have I
any forbearance. They are as directly at war
with every attribute and hope of American
nationality as were the armies of Lee and
Johnston ; and now is the time to move upon
them till they surrender; now is the time for
the Constitution to assert and establish its
right to be interpreted in the spirit of com-
prehensive and unyielding nationality. Inter-
preted in that spirit, it is consistent and
shapely throughout; otherwise it is deformed
and conflicting in its every member. In the
one case it moves smooth and noiseless as the
spheres; in the other jarring and tumultuous
as the stormy sea. You cannot set it to keep
gnard over State rights without leading to con-
flicts which must end in blood; but while it
stands sentinel over nationality no new insur-
rection is possible. But, let us go further and
