1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
so uphold its nationality that it shall not only
repress new revolt but obliterate the heresies of
opinion and belief which brought the recent
rebellion into existence.
Mr. President, should any one wonder at my
devoting so much space to the presentation of
the idea of nationality I still urge that in that
idea alone, carried into all our acts, all our
views of the Constitution, and all our appeals
to the people, is the sheet-anchor of our na-
tional safety. True, it has been upheld by
arms, but victories of arms may be turned into
defeats in the conflict of ideas. Ideas go where
bullets do not—into the ballot-box. There is
where nationality is to win or lose; and there
is where rebel ideas may reach the vitals of this
nation, as bullets could not. It is, therefore,
in my view, indispensable that we should im-
plant in our own minds and in the popular
mind those ideas of nationality and national
sovereignty which shall leave no room for
State rights heresies to germinate from now
till the end of time. Under this conviction I
will proceed to scan this subject in the light of
the Constitution.
Has Congress the constitutional power to
reconstruct the governments of the rebel States
is the question. And what are the facts, stated
as briefly and pointedly as possible? Why, as
follows:
The government! which those States had
before the rebellion are gone.
They were the only State governments there
which the nation had ever recognized.
They are not there now, because they were
overthrown by the rebels when they inaugu-
rated their rebellion.
In lieu of them other State governments
were erected there to aid the rebellion, and
they were a part of the confederacy which
made war upon the Union.
The rebellion was suppressed, leaving those
States with governments alien and hostile to
the United States, which the United States
had never recognized, and which had no legal
validity under the Constitution.
The people of those States were, therefore,
at the downfall of the rebellion without any
lawful State governments whatever.
This, sir, is the simple state of the facts, as
everybody knows. In such a condition, I be-
lieve, there is not a Senator on this floor nor
a man in the nation who would venture to
claim a right in the rebels, independent of the
nation, to make new State governments there,
if there were no question of political ascen-
dancy in the national Government involved in
it. I lay at the door of Democratic thirst for
power all the controversy over this subject.
Those ten States were Democratic before the
war, they were Democratic when they went
into the war, and they would-be Democratic,
now that the war is over, if left to reconstruct
themselves. And they would give some sixty-
seven electoral votes for President and Vice
President of the United States, all for any
Democratic candidate that might be presented;
a pretty fair stock-in-trade for the resuscitated
Democracy to start with.
But there is another and hardly less patent
reason why the rebels and Democrats insist on
the right in those States of self-reconstruction.
Slavery was there the household god of the
rebels and the pet of the Democracy. The
nation remorselessly slew that god; but his
former negro victims are still there, an eye-
sore, in freedom, to their former masters, who,
with fiendish ingenuity, when the rebellion
ended, schemed to reduce them, though nom-
inally free, to a practical slavery worse than
that from which the nation had delivered them;
for it would have made slaves in fact of them,
without a right in the negro to invoke the pro-
tection he once could rightfully claim from his
master. And to this- scheme of rapacity, cru-
elty, and oppression the virtuous Democracy,
by their acts if not by voice, through all their
ranks, cry Amen!
These, sir, briefly stated, are, so far as I can
see, the ruling motives impelling the combined
forces of rebels and Democrats in their resist-
ance of congressional reconstruction and their
adherence to the right in the rebel States of
self-reconstruction. If ever in the world's
history political action was based on motives
lower down in the scale of " man's inhuman-
ity to man" I am happily ignorant of it.
And, sir, in this continued game of rebel-
ism, injustice, and iniquity, they demand to be
let alone. The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis,] in the elaborately prepared speech
which he delivered here last month, used this
language:
"If the honorable Senator's friends, political and
social, and the governing power in Congress, had
just let the South alono after the surrender of the
armies of Lee and Johnston, and let the white peo-
ple and the negro population there have worked out
their own salvation, to use an old phrase, and to have
established social and industrial interests between
themselves, the country would have been delivered
a year or eighteen months or two years ago."
" Had just let the South alone!" Had just
let them alone to reconstruct their States on
rebel principles as a refuge for rebels; had
just let them alone to make those States too
hot for loyal men to live in; had just let them
alone as nurseries of disloyalty and treason; had
just let them alone to oppress, crush down,
and reenslave the negro under "white-man
governments;" had just let them alone to do
all this, to the disgrace of this nation and the
shame of humanity, all would have been well!
Sir, the Senator from Kentucky was not original
in his sentiments or in the mode of expressing
them. Another man, of the Senator's own
name, was ahead of him. The phrase which
the Senator uses now on behalf of the South
was the same with which Jefferson Davis ush-
ered the rebel confederacy before the world
nearly seven years ago. "All we ask is to be
let alone!" cried he then; and now comes the
distant but full-toned echo from Kentucky,
"Just let the South alone!"
But, sir, the phrase is not original either
with the arch-fiend of the rebellion; the devil
used it nearly two thousand years before him,
and sacred history has made a record of it.
The scene was in Capernaum, of which the
Son of God portrayed the character and pro-
nounced the doom in these awful words:
."And thou Capernaum, which art exalted unto
heaven, shall be brought down to hell, for if the
mighty works which havo been donein thee had been
done in Sodom, it would have remained until this
day. But I say unto you, that it shall be more toler-
able for the land of Sodom in the day of judgment
than for thee."
That, sir, was Capernaum in Galilee. It
mighty be asked, is there no Capernaum in
America? But we will not stop to ask it now.
In a synagogue in Galilean Capernaum it is
written, there was a man with an unclean
spirit, and he cried out:
"Let us alone; what have we to do with thee, thou
Jews of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us?"
Verily, sir, history repeats itself. Verily Sol-
omon knew what he was about when he said :
"The thing that hath been.it is that which shall
be; and that which is done is that which shall be
done; and there is no new thing under the sun."
This concurrence of the devil, Jeff. Davis,
and the Senator from Kentucky, proves that
three thousand years ago Solomon was a wise
man.
"Just let the South alone." Sir! Yes,
when the South lets alone its schemes of rebel-
ism, wrong, and oppression; when it lets alone
its grasp after disloyal power; when it lets
alone the citizens of the United States whom it
would tram pel under its feet; when it lets alone
its assaults upon the Constitution ; or when
the nation has compelled it to let all these
alone and to return to its allegiance underloyal
State governments, then we will "just let the
South alone ;" never, I trust, before.
But let us return to the argument. This
claim of right in those States to reconstruct
themselves could not possibly have foundation
in any recognized principle of public law. Those
States were merely people, and they were a
conquered, subjugated people. They had no
rights except such a? their conquerors chose
to give them. Least of all had they the privi-
lege to invoke, as a people, the Constitution
they had renounced and abjured to support any
claim to political rights. If they were ever to
enjoy such rights again it could only be by tha
favor of the nation that had subjugated them.
Can any other doctrine be true ? Can it be that
men may rebel and plunder and ravage and kill
to-day, and to-morrow stand up and claim
every right they had before ? And may they
repeat this time and again, and always with the
same result? If once, why nota hundred times?
Sir, it cannot be. The only doctrine in such a
case is that they are, by their own act, stripped
of every political attribute, and left at the mercy
of the nation.
And here, sir, reappears national sovereignty
inherent in our nationality. The nation, by
the mere fact of its existence as such, and in-
dependent and outside of any written Consti-
tution, has the right to protect itself against
insurrection. If it has that right it has also
the right, when insurrection is suppressed, to
prescribe terms to the conquered rebels. In
doing so it may say whether they shall again
constitute a State or States or not. And if it
may do thi3 it may say how, by whom, and on
what foundation and what princioles such State
or States shall be reestablished. But, above
and beyond all this, it may obliterate from the
map of the country every State that rebelled
and hold in its own hands the government of
the whole rebel population. If it cannot do
this where is its sovereignty? Is it anything
but an empty name ?
Now, sir, if such power inheres in sover-
eignty, independent of written constitutions,
the question arises whether such inherent power
is restrained by the written Constitution adopted
by this nation for its own government? If the
nation has, in fact, trammeled its own sover-
eignty let it stay trammeled, and let rebels
have the benefit of its helplessness. But, sir,
it has not. It is not true that the Constitution
fetters the national sovereignty in this regard.
As I said before, that Constitution is but the
form, and expression of national sovereignty
coeval with and abiding in the national exist-
ence. The two are one and inseparable. You
cannot conceive of one without the other.
In examining the Constitution in this con-
nection I shall refrain from discussing that
clause of it which requires that "the United
States shall guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican form of government;" for
others have, with great ability, discussed that
provision, and I myself treated it at some
length, some three months since, in a published
letter addressed to the honorable Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] in which I endeav-
ored to show that in that clause is direct author-
ity for all that Congress has done. I will not
now reproduce the views I then and there ex-
pressed, but will treat the subject on the plane
of nationality upon which I have endeavored to
base my whole argument. It is the higher
ground where, perhaps, may be found some
"higher law" controlling the case.
Mr. President, the great vice of the Articles
of Confederation, compelling the nation to get
rid of them that the national sovereignty might
be untrammeled, was in the second article in
these words:
. " Each State retains its sovereignty, freedom, and
independence, and every power, jurisdiction, and
right which is not by this Confederation expressly
delegated to the United States in Congress assem-
bled."
That was the full embodiment of State rights,
fettering the national Government in perpetual
imbecility. The nation revolted at such a hid-
eous anomaly and shook it off. In the Consti-
tution positions were reversed, and all power
over national matters was given by the nation-
ality to its Government, except such as was
expressly forbidden or reserved. I repeat all
power was given with that exception. There
is not a power necessary to the free and full
exercise of the national sovereignty in national
affairs that is not there in direct terms or by
just and necessary implication. The South
has labored for many years to fasten upon the
Constitution constructively what the Articles
ot Confederation declared expressly in the
