1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Mr. SUMNER. Now I hope that the Sen-
ate will vote on this resolution. That is all I
ask.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that motion will be
Voted down in order that the Senate may dis-
pose of this resolution. We are full now, full
enough to satisfy my friend from New York.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am satisfied that it
is my duty to withdraw the motion to go into
executive session, and I now do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion being withdrawn, the question recurs oil
taking up the resolution mentioned by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the status of my
bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Your bill
is before the Senate on a motion to postpone
it and consider another subject.
Mr. HOIVARD. I understood it to be laid
■side informally by common consent for the
purpose of enabling the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to make a motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That prop-
osition was made, but evidently it could not be
acceded to, and therefore a motion was re-
sorted to, which motion is in order and is the
motion now before the Senate. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to postpone the present and all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the joint
resolution mentioned by him.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERNATIONAL MARITIME EXHIBITION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 89) providing for the repre-
sentation of the United States at the inter-
national maritime exhibition to be held at
Havre.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask a vote upon it; that
is all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read for the information of the
Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, ttc.. That tho Secretary of the Navy be
authorized to detail one or more officers of the Nary,
as he shall think best, to be present at the inter-
national maritime exhibition, to be held at Havre, '
under the auspice^ of the French Government, from I
the 1st of Juno to 31st of October of tho present year, i
there to represent the United States and otherwise !
to promote the interests of exhibitors from our
country. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is '
an amendment pending, offered by the Senator '
from California, [Mr. Conness,] which will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add the following proviso:
Provided, That no expenditure shall accrue there-
from to the Treasury, nor shall any additional com-
pensation be paid tosuchpersonsasmay bedesignated
under authority of this resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Bockalew] suggested that we
should strike out the words "there to repre*
sent tho United States, and otherwise to pro-
mote the interests of exhibitors from our coun-
try," and I understood—I may be mistaken—
that when that suggestion was adopted the
Senator from California expressed himself as
satisfied with the state of the resolution then,
and did not propose to press his amendment.
I do not know whether I recollect aright.
Mr. CONNESS. I think the adoption of the
amendment I have offered will make the reso-
lution entirely acceptable to the Senate, and
we can get a vote immediately upon it and pass
it, and therefore I hope it will be voted upon.
That will be the shortest way to pass the reso-
lution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
submit an inquiry to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and very much will depend upon his
answer as to my vote. I understand that this is
merely a local affair at Havre. Now I believe
we are going to have a horse show at Spring-
field next year. I should like to know of the
Senator whether, if we give an invitation to
foreign countries, they will be likely to respond
and bring forward their horses and exhibit
them there at Springfield. I should like to see
a sort of reciprocity about this thing and not
make us cross the Atlantic all the time and
have no return.
Mr. SUMNER. Innswerthe Senator frankly.
If the horse show at Springfield, in regard to
which the Senator has information, were in any
way under the direction of the Government of
the United States or, at least, if that Govern-
ment so far interested itself in it as, through
its minister in France, to invite the association
of the French Government and the French
people on that occasion I think the invitation
would be received courteously. I do not know
whether the French would send horses across
the sea or not, but the Senator knows very well
that the illustration is not complete. He knows
very well tliat the exhibition at Havre is one
for the advantage of commerce, in which our
people are particularly interested, and also
that being a commercial port it is easily accessi-
ble to our people. It is not as if horses were
to be carried across the sea. There can be no
objection to this resolution, and I have been
urging it so because I speak for the interests
of commerce, which have somewhat suffered
latterly 
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to inquire of the
Senator from Massachusetts whether the Gov-
ernment of France has given us any invitation
to this naval exhibition at Havre ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the source of it?
What is the nature of the exhibition called in
the resolution "international?" That, of
course, implies more nations than one; in-
deed, all nations. I should like to know the
extent and scope of this invitation and tho
nature of the exhibition. We are to be repre-
sented there, it seems, according to the reso-
lution. The interests of American exhibitors
are to be protected and looked after by agents.
Now, what is all this? I do not understand
it. If we are invited simply to attend an ex-
hibition, a mere show, that is one thing; I
should know how to meet it; but if it is of
such a nature as to furnish any benefit to the
people of the United States it will present a
very different consideration. I do not know
what it means.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend evidently has
not read the somewhat lengthy document pub-
lished by the Senate, reported from the com-
mittee, containing all the correspondence and
other papers relating to this proposed interna-
tional exhibition. Had he read it he would
have found there a letter from the French min-
ister at Washington, addressed to the Secre-
tary of State, in which he gives notice to him
of this proposed exhibition, and says:
"In giving notice of thin projected exposition to
yoar excellency, I have the honor to inform you, at
th« same time, of the value which tho committee
would attach to seeing the Federal Government ap-
point commissioners who Would place themselves in
relations with it.
" The work it is in view to carry out, in fact, is in-
teresting to all maritime nations ; and in this respect
the United States are called upon to take therein so
considerable a part that the expectation cannot but
be believed to be well founded that they will give a
favorable reception to the earnest wishes the ex-
pression whereof I am instructed by my Government
to transmit to you."
That is the French minister.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand the
exhibition to be a governmental matter after
all. It seems to have been inaugurated by
some committee of private persons.
Mr. SUMNER. The exhibition has been
inaugurated by the local authorities in the great
commercial port of Havre. The Government
of France, however, have accepted, according
to the language employed, the patronage of the
exhibition, and now through their minister
here in Washington invite the presence and
association of our Government. Then our con-
sul at Havre sets forth at length in two or three
different letters the condition of things. He
alludes to the number of nations that have
already promised to appear there by commis-
sioners. Sweden, Norway, and Denmark, he
says, have already appointed commissioners.
Austria has already appointed a special com-
missioner. Prussia has appointed a commis-
sioner. Even the secondary States of Ger-
many, like Bavaria and the Grand Duchy of
Baden, he says, will appoint commissioners.
Spain and Portugal have each appointed a
commissioner. Brazil has already appointed
a commissioner, and from Brazil there are
already some thirty private exhibitors. The
Government of the Sandwich Islands has ap-
pointed a commissioner, and so has Greece ;
and now the question is, whether the United
States will appoint a commissioner in the per-
son of a naval officer to bo detailed for that
purpose by the Navy Department. I will take
no more time about it. The case seems to me
too plain.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from California.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have that
amendmentreail again that I may understand it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not at
the desk. The Senator from California is
modifying it.
Mr. CHANDLER. We have had a little
experience in these exhibitions. I remember
that about a year ago, or more, the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations rec-
ommended the appointment of a commission
to the Exposition at Paris, and the first state-
ment was that there would be no expense, or
very little. In process of time we were asked
to appoint some commissioners—ten I think;
afterward to appropriate a ship to convey the
articles that were to be sent there, and finally
a proposition came in here and passed, that
we should build a house in which to hold them
all.
Mr. CONNESS. That was the first appro-
priation.
Mr. CHANDLER. The first appropriation
was to be nothing, the second very little, the
third included commissioners and a ship, and
the fourth to build a house. I once spent a
couple of weeks in the southern part of Illi-
nois, making stump speeches. They have
there what they call basket parties, where
every man carries his own refreshments, and
they generally have a very good time. Every
man brings his basket and his provisions, and
is entirely welcome to the feast, inasmuch as
he provides his own provisions. [Laughter.]
But I never heard of a man attending one of
those basket parties being asked to put up a
house. It is supposed that if he attends and
brings his provisions and furnishes his com-
pany and his friends he will be welcome. But
this proposition of the Senator last year first
was that it should cost nothing, or very little ;
next, that we should pay for ten or twenty
commissioners; then furnish a ship to carry
out the materials and pay the expenses of
taking them to Paris, and thirdly or fourthly
and lastly, that we should build a house to
hold them.
Sir, I have had enough of this sort of thing.
I am opposed to this resolution. The Senator
says it is in the interest of commerce. If that
be so, I think it had better go to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, so that we may see whether
the interest of commerce will be promoted by
it before we decide to send any commission-
ers to this proposed exhibition. I have very
serious doubts whether the interests of com-
merce will be promoted by it. However, I do
not make that motion. I am against the whole
proposition. I do not want any more roving
commissions on the continent of Europe. I
agree with the Senator from New York, that
we have sent men enough in a public and pri-
vate capacity to travel over the continent of
Europe at the expense of this Government; and
I am utterly opposed to sending a naval officer
or any other officer of the Government in that
capacity.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with my friend; I
am against any more roving commissions. All
that I want is one or more naval officers to be
