1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1009
detailed to be present at an international ex-
hibition at Havre, that is all—no roviug com-
mission. I agree with him on that.
Then as to the great exhibition to which the
Senator has referred, where the United States
was represented at some considerable expense,
I do not think that this is the occasion to dis-
cuss it. For one I am not sorry that the United
States were represented there, even at the
considerable expense. I believe that our coun-
try gained on that occasion. Our arts were
there made manifest, and there were American
citizens who carried away great triumphs. I
do not regret those victories. They are among
the victories of peace.
However, I will not be led aside to discuss
that question. That belongs to the past. Suf-
fice it to say that at present nothing is proposed
like that to which the Senator calls attention.
I have said again and again that there is no
expenditure, there is nothing that I see possible,
certainly to my mind now there is nothing
prospective.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from California, as modi-
fied by him, will be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment as mod-
ified, which was to add at the end of the reso-
lution the following proviso:
Provided, That 40 expenditure shall accrue there-
from to the Treasury, or to any public funds, nor
(hall additional compensation be paid tosuch persons
as may be designated under authority of this reso-
lution.
Mr. SUMNER. I accept that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 agreeing to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think this reso-
lution ought to pass. It seems that a commis-
sion at the seaport of Havre have constituted
themselves under the patronage of a French
Senator, according to the dispatch of the French
minister, for the purpose of getting up an ex-
hibition at that port. It appears to be in its
inception, and will probably turn out to be in
its operation, a mere private concern. The
object .of this resolution, if I understand it
rightly, and I think I do, is merely display,
and nothing else. I do not think the Congress
of the United States is consulting its own dig-
nity in passing a formal, solemn statute author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy of the United
States to send a naval officer to attend this
private naval display at the port of Havre. I
think it is not becoming the dignity of the
Government itself. We have had about enough
of these displays to swell and brighten the
€clat of the emperor of the French and the
prince imperial, who also appears to be asso-
ciated with this naval display. I think we may
dispense with all such small attentions to the
present emperor of the French and the prince
imperial. We can get along without it. We
ask no favors of that sovereign, and. he deserves
none at our hands. He has been from the be-
ginning our secret and bitter enemy in the
moment of our greatest and most pressing
need. When the very existence of thU Gov-
ernment was at stake in our terrible civil war
that sovereign was engaged in secret intrigues
to favor the cause of the rebels and to break
us up, and the whole world knows it; and I
will do nothing by vote or otherwise to give
him or his prince imperial, or the persons sub-
mitting to his Government, any further 6clat.
They shall not acquire any further reputation
for shows by my vote.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator introduces an-
other topic. He reminds us of the course of the
French Government toward ourselves during
our recent troubles. Sir, when he makes that
allusion he touches a sympathetic chord in my
bosom. No one felt more keenly than I did
the course of France, as also the course of
England, toward us during our terrible trials;
but, sir, this is not the occasion for us to con-
sider that question. The proposition is too
simple to open any such great inquiry. Not
on such a proposition as this shoula we under-
take to arraign the Government of France.
There may be some other proposition on which
40th Cong. 2d Sess.—No. (>4.
that question may properly be discussed. On
this it is entirely out of the question. This
proposition, I say, is too simple. When we
are asked to stay away from an international
maritime exhibition we are asked to deprive
ourselves and our country of opportunities of
information and advantage. I see in it no
question of homage to the Government of
France. I see in it nothing but the means
of doing good to the commerce and to the
commercial interests of my own country.
Mr. CAMERON. The difficulty in my mind
now is in voting for the resolution as it has
been amended. I do not see that we have any
authority or any right to send officers of the
Navy over to this exhibition at Havre without
paying them. The Secretary of the Navy cer-
tainly under 110 law of Congress can order a
naval officer to go there and remain a month
or two, as he probably would have to do, at
his own expense ; nor do I think it would be
dignified for this country to send messengers
over there or agents or representatives—I
suppose that is the word—representatives of
our people, or, if not of our people, of our com-
merce, our commercial people—and give them
no compensation, not allow them to live as
other gentlemen desire to live there. To send
officers in that condition certainly would tend
to dishonor the country.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will allow me
to remind him that they have their pay, I pre-
sume, under the resolution, even as amended
by the Senator from California, as naval offi-
cers ; but it is provided by the resolution that
there shall be no additional pay.
Mr. CAMERON. They will have the pay
that they would have at home; but naturally
they must incur much greater expense in going
abroad, and especially in going to attend an
exhibition like this. Really I do not see,
under all the circumstances, that any good can
come to the country from it. How is com-
merce to be benefited by the exhibition at the
city of Havre, great seaport as it is, of a few
vessels in the neighborhood there? Havre,
with all its commerce, is not equal in its ships
and the variety of its sea-going vessels to the
city of New York; nor have the ship architects
of France proven themselves to be anything
so skillful as the shipwrights of this country.
Therefore, we can receive no benefit from the
knowledge these officers may bring home of
that kind. There is to be no commercial
exhibition at Havre, as I understand it. It is
to be a mere display of the cast-off articles of
the Paris exhibition.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; not at all.
Mr. CAMERON. Something of that kind.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no.
Mr. CAMERON. At all events, it seems so
to me. The argument against it, in my mind,
is that it is sending one or more naval offi-
cers there without any means of living SfLithe
representatives of the Government should do
when they go abroad. 13o not want any rep-
resentatives tent; but when they do go abroad
I want them to live and act as gentlemen
should do, worthy of men representing this
great country of ours. I should be very sorry,
indeed, if 1 happened to be at Havre next
summer, to see representatives of other Gov-
ernments there living in a style befitting the
most respected and dignified gentlemen, and
our naval officer living somewhere in narrow
quarters, somewhere on the quay, living on his
bread and cheese, as they say the Senators did
in Massachusetts a great many years ago.
[Laughter.] I do not want that at all. _ I
think, therefore, the best thing we can do with
this measure will be to vote it down, I should
have voted for it before, I think, if the officer
was to be paid, but I think the better way now
is to vote it down.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I see that the
Senate is not much in the mood of doing busi-
ness, aud we may as well discuss this question,
perhaps, as any other. I certainly am verv
much surprised to find the tenacity with which
the Senator from Massachusetts clings to this
proposition. This exhibition certainly appears
to me to be a very petty affair. It is certainly
not an exhibition that is gotten up by the na-
tion of France. It is small compared with the
exposition that was held in Paris last year;
and, happening to be there, I know the pain
with which Americans looked upon the exhi-
bition made by the United States—not that it
was not a respectable one so far as it went, but
it was very meager in proportion to the capa-
cities of this country.
Mr. SUMNER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. We could not
compare even with very inferior Governments.
I know that if we authorize this to go on in
this manner we shall be held responsible for
doing the best that we are ahle to do, and yet
that no such result will follow. We go there
knowing beforehand that we shall be eclipsed
by more than half a dozen Powers of not a
fifth part of our commercial marine. It is a
very great responsibility to impose upon any
portion of our commerce. Can an individual
afford to take his ship from Maine and go to
Havre for the mere chance of competing with
all these other nations who have their means
close at hand? The idea to me seems utterly
absurd. I am not for engaging in it; and if I
were I would, like my friend from Pennsylva-
nia, be in favor of appropriating a liberal sum,
so that we might come out with something of
an air of triumph.
Mr. President, one of the earliest lessons
imposed upon me by my father, when a lad,
was to keep out of any and all sprees, but if I
got into one to pay my part.
Mr. SUMNER. I hesitate to say another
word. The Senator from Vermont is aston-
ished at what he pleases to call the tenacity of
the Senator from Massachusetts. He seems to
forget that I am performing one of the hum-
blest services that a Senator can. I am act-
ing as the representative of the committee
having this matter in charge, and I was unan-
imously instructed by them to report this res-
olution. What would the Senator have me do?
Leave it on the Calendar and not press it on the
attention of Congress? I know that Senator
does not conduct public business in that way;
I know that he devotes himself sedulously, or,
according to his own language, tenaciously, to
the matters which he has in charge; and in
following up this measure now I am simply
discharging my duty as the representative of
the committee 011 this floor. The Senate may
dispose of the matter as it sees fit; I shall
have done my duty in asking them to act.
Then, again, there is another topic intro-
duced by the Senator from Vermont. He sug-
gests that we shall be represented inadequately
there—that we shall gain no laurels. Well, I
do not know whether we g^all gain laurels
there or not j but J. 4ab<plieve thstt the exhibi-
tion wilt, ha ft source of information and in-
struction which will be advantageous to our
country.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I dislike
very much to persevere in an opposition which
seems to be distasteful to the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, but yet, as we are
likely to do nothing this afternoon except to
dispose of this proposition, I beg to submit a
remark before the vote shall be taken.
I believe this proposition to be derogatory
to the dignity of this country, and to be worse
than a useless expenditure of money. The
, Senator from California has offered an amend-
j ment, which apparently, and as far as he could
make it effectual, will prevent the expenditure
of money in reference to this mission. Every-
body knows, however, that if an officer goes his
expenses are to be defrayed.
I assume, therefore, that the proposition in
brief is this: to send one or more, nobody
knows how many, naval officers, at the public
: expense, at this time to attend a municipal
j exhibition to which neither this Government
( nor any human being in this country has ever
| been invited by the French Government or any
] French authority. I have heard the honorable
1 Senator from Massachusetts read what lia
1 terms the invitation : but I repeat that no inv\-
