1010
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Ution from the French Government or from
any person speaking for the French Govern-
ment has been read bv the Senator or produced
to this body. What is it? The municipal
authorities of Havre propose to exhibit from
one day to another day certain tilings, and the
emperor and the prince imperial have con-
sented to accept the patronage of that exhibi-
t/on. and it is to take place under the tuition
and management of a general committee, which
committee sent some notice to Mr. Berthemy,
the French minister here, by whom it is trans-
mitted to the State Department, and in trans-
mitting it he says, in substance, that he hopes
the earnest wishes expressed—expressed by
the committee, as anybody will see who looks
at it—may be favorably regarded; and that he
is instructed bv his Government to transmit
that wish or that notice of this committee,
whatever it may be called, to us.
If that is an invitation in form or substance
from the Government of France to the Govern-
ment of the United States to participate in this
municipal exhibition I am unable so to under-
stand it. and I think anybody who looks at it
will be equally unable.
There is. then, an exhibition to take place
under the auspices of a municipal government
in Europe who have appointed for that pur-
pose a general committee, just as such com-
mittees are appointed at every fair and by every
instituted exhibition held in every town and
every city in this country, without going to
horse fairs and cattle shows or any of the more
conspicuous exhibitions : and thereupon the
proposition is that the Secretary of the Navy
shad be authorized to detail just as mauy offi-
cers as he pleases, to do what'.' Go there,
and. as the Italians say, "peacock'' themselves
in their uniforms. That is all there is of it.
Sir, we have a fWt afloat in foreign waters
now, and a sea king floating with it: and if any
man feeh emulous that his country should make
a p.irade upon the water and in the maritime
world that parade in a higher and better sense
is being made now. As to maritime exhibi-
tions. we have had a maritime exhibition for
four years in our own waters of more conse-
quence and of more instruction at one point
of time than a windrow of such exhibitions as
th is will ber
Now. sir. what is the object of this? The
honorable Senator savs these emissaries are to
bring back a tribute of observation and discov-
ery. Sir, I wonder whether anybody believes
that if anything is on exhibition in Havre for
two or three months the sea-faring and sea-going
aad sea-interested men of this country will not
know all about it. I wonder if any Senator
believes that they will not be therein theirown
way, with eyes 10 and ears to hear, not only
dispensing with the necessity of naval officers
bat themselves much more reliable for pur-
poses of utility than any snch agency will be.
I say again that I regard it as an undignified
act on the part of this Government, a useless
act, and an act which will certainly lead to the
expenditure of money.
Now, one other word and I have done. I
should be glad to find that subject which is of
the right size and theright shape in all respects
to constitutea commencement of retrenchment.
A question arises about stationery, and it is
too small to deal with. A question arises about
subsidies for one hundred and fifty miles of
railroad, and it is too large to encounter. A
question of this sort arises, and it is a mere
bagatelle. The Senator says, as I heard a
distinguished gentleman in the other House
say in reference to our participation in the
Paris Exhibition, that it is to cost nothing, is
a mere picayune affair, a trifle; and although
he says it sincerely, and although, if he could
control it, it might be so, we understand per-
fectly well that it involves expense, more or
less. I submit that if we mean what we say
with regard to cutting down at once taxes
and appropriations we had better begin some-
where, and 1 have seen nothing latelywhich
■eeuis to me better to begin with than this. It
haa.not utility, it ha  not a consideration of
respect or courtesy due from ns to a foreign
Government connected with it; and it is noth-
ing. as I submit, except a superfluous propo-
sition to expend money and in a way which
will not redound to the credit of this Govern-
ment or of its citizens. I beg to demand the
yeas and nays on its passage at the proper
time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations if he can inform the body how many
American exhibitors have already entered for
exhibition at this show?
Mr. SUMNER. '' The United States up to
the present time''—I read from the letter of
the consul—"figure for thirty-three exhib-
itors;'' that was of the date of December
14, 18(57.
Mr. CHANDLER. I read from the same
document:
"The number of French exhibitors already in-
scribed is no less than two thousand.
" Belgium ami Italy will likewise exhibit those
article? pertaining to their marine which figured at
the erimd Exposition, and have appointed special
commissioners to reside at Havre.
"The number ot Jielgiau private exhibitors is
seventy-five: that ot'Itah.in exhibitor* ninety."
We have thirty-three, I think the Senator
said :
" Great Britain has promised to appoint a commis-
sioner, and no lusa than seven hundred and thirty-
three English exhibitors are now inscribed.
"Sweden. N'orway, and Denmark have already ap-
pointed coinmissn>uers, and their Governments have
promised to send all the objects exhibited by their
marine departments at the Paris Exhibition. The
number ot Swedish, Llanish, and Norwegian exhib-
itors is forty-seven.
"Austria has already furnished thirty-fivo exhib-
itors, and, it is thought, will shortly appoint a special
commissioner."
A little further on, if the Senator will look,
he will find something rather worse than build-
ing a house. You know last year, after we bad
made all the appropriations that were required
to enable us to be represented at the Paris Ex-
hibition, we were then asked to make, and did
actually make, an appropriation to build a
house: but they are not going to ask us now
to build a house at Havre. No, sir; they have
a much better speculation on hand. Instead
of this time asking us to build a house, as they
did last year, they say :
"A moderate charge will be made to exhibitors to
cover the expenses of the building, keeping, insur-
ing, Ac. The rates are tixed as follows."
For a superficial square yard in-doors, twenty-
five francs—five dollars in gold; for superfi-
cial half yard, fifteen francs—three dollars in
gold. They do not require us to build a build-
ing. They can better afford to do it them-
selves ; perhaps they have some old ones they
want to use. For a superficial quarter yard on
the inside wall they charge twenty francs, or
1 two dollars in coin. Now we come to the out-
of-door department. It seems we can have out
of doors the whole of France on these terms:
I " per superficial yard," for all out of dours the
I price is live francs—very cheap! only one dollar
for a square yard out of doors! It is the most
stupendous speculation ever gotten up! They
do not require us to build a building; they will |
not call onus for an appropriation for that pur- |
pose because they are willing to let us have all
out of doors at five francs per yard I I
Mr. CONKL1NG. The Senator does not
suppose that they expect to lease all out of !
doors at that rate, does he? ' j
Mr. CHANDLER. I presume they will j
lease all the United States want out of doors j
at these rates ; but we are not to build a house ; j
that is $25,000 saved ; but how much will it
cost to buy all out of doors at five francs per
square yard? Undoubtedly, if we really set
ourselves at it, we could buy all in-doors at
twenty-five francs a yard and buy all out of
doors, too, at five francs. It is all for sale.
Now, Mr. President, I agree with my friend
from New York that this is a most stupendous
private humbug, that it is beneath the dignity
of this Government even to discuss it; but, if
we are to send a commissioner, look at the
miserable show we shall make at this private
exhibition, where they rent all the space in-
doors at twenty-five francs per square yard, or
five dollars in gold, and all out of doors for
five francs a square yard, or one dollar in
gold. If we do send a representative of
this Government there I hope we shall make
him the most liberal provision, financially, that
was ever made for any representative of this
Government, for God knows he will need it.
[Laughter.] 1 am more opposed to this meas-
ure now, when we do not pay, than I was be-
fore, for all we shall have to show will be the
exposition he can make of himself, and God
knows it ought to be a large one. [Laughter.]
I hope the Senator will move to fix his pay at
least at $25,000. That would be a very small
compensation, if that is all the show we can
make. I am more opposed to this proposition
now than I was before. Let us not disgrace
ourselves by sending a commissioner where we
are not represented, or substantially not, to a
private exhibition, and then not even pay our
own commissioner.
Mr. SUMNER. There is now another argu-
ment. My friend from Michigan objects to
this exhibition because the parties having it in
charge exact certain fees, being so much per
yard for the space occupied by the articles ex-
hibited. Is not that customary, I would ask
my friend, on such occasions?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not in international
matters, that I have ever heard of. They do
not even do it in State or county fairs. I never
heard of an individual charged in the United
States for an article put on exhibition at any
State, national, or other fair.
Mr. SLTMNER. Does the Senator remember
the exhibition in New York called the World's
Fair in a glass palace?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know anything
about that; but I remember it.
Mr. SUMNER. Did not every exhibitor
there pay something for the space that ha
occupied ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot tell.
Mr. SlTMNER. I think he did; butatany
rate, whether he did or not, the proposition on
the part of the persons holding this exhibition
is simply that the exhibitors shall pay. We
are not to pay. Our Government pays nothing.
Mr. CHANDLER. Our people do, if they
are there.
Mr. SUMNER. Our people, if they are
there, will pav for the space that they occupy.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. In that respect they will
be on an equality with the people of other na-
tions. The Frenchman must pay the same;
the two thousand French exhibitors to whom
the Senator has reference must pay the same;
the Englishman must pay the same ; the Prus-
sian and the Russian, and all the other differ-
ent nationalities must pay the same. We are
on an equality in that respect, and therefore
I come back again to the simple question,
whether, all things considered, it is expedient
that in this very inexpensive, if not to say hum-
ble way, we shall participate in this exhibition.
Now I meet still another objection from my
friend. He uses very disrespectful language
in speaking of it. I do not complain of any-
thing he has said of myself; of course not; but
I say he uses very disrespectful language in
speaking of the exhibition. He characterizes
it by a word which I will not repeat after him,
and then he says it is a private affair entirely.
Now, sir, this whole matter comes before tho
Senate through a communication from the
Department of State, addressed to myself, an
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate, from which I will read a
brief passage :
" The note of Mr. Berthemy, under the Instructions
of his Government"—
Mark that, if you please—
" The note of Mr. Berthemy, under the instructions
of his Government, conveys to that of the United
States an invitation to participate in this exhibition,
and a request that commissioners may be appointed
on the part of this Government to perfect the ar-
rangements necessary for a representation; and it
also conveys a request that the printed papers may
be published in this country for the information of
our citizens.
