1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
of both continents will conspire together against
the tyranny and absurdity ot' the laws and
overthrow them. The progress of our civiliza-
tion is onward, upward, and iuvincible. How
much wiser is it, then, tor us—
" Out of this nettle, danger, to pluck the flower,
safety."
Let a diplomatic congress be convened which
shall, like similar congresses in European his-
tory, remodel the international law in regard
to expatriation.
COSCRRNING THS RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS IN
fork ion status—the bill or mr, banks.
This bill is really a bill defining the rights
of adopted citizens in contradistinction to
naturalized citizens, and is a declaration to
foreign States how iar this Government intends
to go in defense of its citizens abroad.
The practical effect of the bill is to influence
immigration to this country and eventually to
control its direction and character or stop it
altogether. By this bill we inaugurate a new
legislative system by defining th  policy ot
this Government toward its adopted citizens.
Should this bill pass new and heavy responsi-
bilities will arise to be borne by Congress.
They have heretofore been left to diplomacy.
The laws which we may hereafter pass on this
subject must eventually control immigration. ,
We are, in fact, just beginning to take on us
responsibilities which we all along owed to the !
adopted citizens of this Government to under- j
take, for no foreigner will hereafter be likely, ,
in face of legislative enactments defining our i
policy and fixing his claims on us, to adopt
this country as his home unless our laws pro-
tect him in his rights as a citizen of the United
States. Expatriation under the existing laws
of Europe carries with it too many risks to
justify the hope that any number of subjects
of any European State will sincerely forswear
allegiance to their sovereign and adopt this as
their future country without full and reliable
guarantee of protection from this Government
against the former sovereign.
With regard to the duties and rights ofnative-
born citizens exclusively abroad, as alluded to
in this bill, I am firmly of the opinion that
there is no protection in their behalf pressingly
called for at this time, and the adding those
provisions which refer to absentees or crimi-
nals or traitors, in section one, page 2, lines
eighteen to twenty-one, is merely to conceal the
true tiature of the case or cater to the political
feelings of the day without committing the Re-
publican party or this Administration to any
responsible, earnest line of policy in the matter
in behalf of real sufferers.
The origin of this bill is to be traced to a
very grave necessity, arising from the impris-
onment by European Governments of Amen-
can citizens of native and of foreign birth.
Some seventy or a hundred petitions, resolu-
tions, and bills on this subject have been sent
by this House to their Committee on Foreign
Affairs. The list of grievances detailed in
those documents are now * put of the diplo- |
matic history of the world.
Theoretically this bill proposes to extend
the protection of this Government to all Amer-
ican citizens abroad, but, in fact, it exposes
those of them who have been naturalized to
new danger by solemnly enacting the unwil-
lingness of the Government to protect persons
liable to enlistment, as in the first section.
Taken as a whole and from the stand-point
of the existing necessity for some speedy and
sure remedy for a crying evil this bill seems
weak, frivolous, illogical, and contemptible,
tin less it prove treacherous—as I have inti-
mated above in regard to persons liaWe to
enlistment—or unless it be a mask to some
subtle foreign policy of this Administration not
yet made known, and, like the smile of Cardi-
nal llichelieu, conceal a deadly purpose or a
crafty scheme. c
If this bill is to pass as a declaratory act ot
the future policy of this Government in regard
to our citizens abroad, it certainly ought to
define who are citizens and who are not.
Farther, it should declare explicitly that there
is no distinction between natives and natural-
ized citizens. All American citizens are equal
before the law everywhere so long as they be-
have themselves properly. Again, it is neces-
sary to define in the bill the term "expatria-
tion," and to determine the absolute inherent
right to dissolve the allegiance to his former
country, to emigrate, and to become an adopted
citizen of another country.
RIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS IK FOREIGN STATES.
Skction 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of
llepresentativet oj the United States of America in
Cuiw res i atsemblcil, That all naturalized citizens of
the t'nited States while in foreign States shall be
entitled to and shall reoeive from this Government
the same protection of persons and. property that is ;
accorded to native-born citizens ill like situation and
circumstances. _ j
At home or abroad no distinction exists
among American citizens according to all es-
tablished declarations of this Government.
There can be no just distinction in law or fact
made bctween'citizens of the same Government,
and certainly no act of Congress should estab-
lish such distinction ; to do so is at once unjust
and absurd unless they be guilty of some viola-
tion of law. Certainly it is no crime to be born
out of the United States of America, although
it may be a great misfortune. I am not aware
that a man is less liable to break the laws of
his country because he was born in one lati-
tude or another. A contrary view, however,
to the one just expressed seems to be put forth
by Mr. Adams. In his correspondence to Mr.
Seward, April 12, 1866, page 103, he speaks
of Mr. John A. Commenfor, an American citi-
zen, in his interview with Lord Clarendon,
as an Irish naturalized citizen. Mr. Seward,
April 30,1866, to Mr. Adams, page 113, speaks
of American citizens native and naturalized.
Mr. Adams to Mr. Seward, page 137, (June 14,
1866,) "the native Americans so far as known
have been relieved," &c., and " I still continue
to relieve all, &c., either as native or natural-
ized citizens."
"This more particularly related to the distinction
made between the native and naturalized Ameri-
cans in regard to the degree of Mr. \V est s right of
access to them. I then read to him the substance of
your dispatch No. 1717, ot the2-d of Maroh. His lord-
ship then wentinto some reasoning to prove that tue
Government could not, consistently with their theory
of allegiance, recognize any right on the part ot Mr.
! West to visit the naturalized Irishmen. Here he
! repeated much ofwhathehadsaidin our earliercon-
versation. I then pointed out to him the inexpedi-
ency of raising that when there seemed little neccs-
. sity for it. The distinction made in these cases wm
> purely invidious and embarrassing toimy Government,
without doing any good to them. It appeared that
, Mr. West might visit native Americana, but he was
: notallowed to do the same in the case of Irish-born
naturalized citizens."
##♦#*♦****
" I then called his attention to the case of John A.
, Commerford, embraced in your dispatch So.liii, ot
1 the 26th March. This person had been held to be
f an Irish naturalized citizen, at Dublin. Suchwasthe
i reply to Mr. West's representation in hiscase. i said
I might have made it the subject of a note in torm,
but I preferred on the whole not to take that couree,
I at least, before I had mentioned the i
ssh.r issyjrpttffi* Pi
Mr. Commerforf w«   native American, and that he
it MR tlinoeent of all evil Intention. In which case I
' strongly hoped that he might be released.
ii remarks on the bill.
j Provided always, That no citizen of the United
' States who is guilty of crime, &c.. or of desertion from
I actual service in the Army and Navy of any foreign
i State, &c., shall' be entitled to the protection con-
!| templated by this act,
This portion of the bill affects a very large
' number of fellow-citizens, and is likely to work
a great deal of injustice. In Prussia and the
North German confederacy as well as in the
southern German States an able-bodied man
is considered a soldier in actual service from
his twentieth to about his fortieth year of age.
He serves first in the line and then for the rest
of that time in the "landwehr.'"
In some of these States a man is regarded
as belonging to the army from the day of his
birth. Therefore there have been cases where
such a person having left the country in which
he owed military service according to this rule
as an infant, was afterward—his name still
being carried on the books and he not being
present when called .for—was published as a
deserter. {Vide recent correspondence be-
tween Mr. Emile Kahn, of Cincinnati, and Mr.
Seward.)
To show how far this bill may, if passed,
injure American citizens visiting European
countries under the proviso just quoted, I have
made reference to the recent work of Mr. IIo-
zier on the " Seven Weeks' War," which con-
tains the most recent information on the organ-
ization and rules of military service in Germany
and Italy. In France the new law regulating
the organization of the army has, as far as I
can learn, not yet passed, and from the deter-
mination of the French Government to prevent
immigration from France the difficulty is not
likely to be very great in that country.
I As an illustration of the present policy of
France and the troubles which constantly arise
! from the rigid enforcement of the European
view of the right of expatriation, I refer to the
diplomatic correspondence of Mr. Bigelow with
i Mr. Seward, (volume one, page 287, No. 299,
1 1866-67j) from which an apparent fear of
French Fenianism seems to exist in the mind
of that Government. Mr. Bigelow writes:
"I think the recent political reaction of the emi-
grant population from Ireland against the mother
country has had its influence in determining this
Government to guard itself against a similar incon-
venience. I the more incline to this opinion from
the gratuitous rigor with which naturalized Ameri-
cans of French origin, in repeated instances, have
been treated by the authorities here under tue pre-
text that they are liable to military service.
The evil which this bill is called on to re
dress seems almost universal in Europe. No
American is safe if a public official chooses to
show his zeal to his (Government by arresting
Americans to discourage emigration.
Annexed are the extracts from the laws of
the different German States and Italy in regard
to military service in those countries. They
are introduced here to furnish the House and
the country with lh% basis on which the pro-
viso in the first section oC this bill rests as n
protection to American citizens abroad. Io
my mind there is no protection given and new
risk to our citizen created by our attempting
to define by limitation and proviso an already
established right:
The military service in Prussia.
" Every Prussian, no matter of what rank or dis-
tinction. is bound to do military service, the king s
own sons not excepted. On beconiing twenty years
of age, the young man is called on to enter upon the
performance of his military duty, and will remain
connected with the same until he shall be forty-mrio
years old, when it ceases. The organization of ISo.l
(King William's while Regent) is now in power.as
follows: a recruit who joins the Prussian scrvice
serves for three years in the regular army. Uien for
five years in the reserve, liable to be called out at
any moment, and afterward for eleven years asaland-
wchrmann, to do in time of peace two weeks service
every second year, to attend roll-call every third
month, and in time of war to obey the summons of
his country without delay. .
"In fact, the military orgapilfttion
country is such that>V,^«J(M«I^W the
#nithe foment the decree for the
SSiliwtlon is issued. (2.) Ihe landsurms consist
of all able-bodied men from sixteen to fitty years.
The laws of Prussia consider every one a deserter who
has failed to perform all or one of the above-named
military duties. Thus a man who has filled his time
in the regular army and emigrates without having
obtained the consent of the Government is considered
a deserter, because he has failed to obey thesummons
for the landswehr-drill. (The rule that young men
of education and who have the means to procure their
own sustenance, are in time of peace discharged from
the first service in the regular army after one year,
is immaterial here.) The States forming the German
Union have most all adopted the Prussian system,
while from those recently connected to the Prussian
crown large numbers of young men have lett their
country to escape the military rule. All of these will
be considered deserters by the Prussian Gov':r^®e'1';
and under existing laws nothing can save them from
trouble should they ever be found on Prussian soil
before reaching the age of forty years.
The military service in Austria.
" Sine* the late warthe Government of Austria^has
SSS? vjvihWaMis.
beginning witn nis iweniy-ure* ' cV/k
of which the last twowere spent in the reserve.Sub
stitutes, however, were allowed. In the infantry
the recruit was kept from one to [h
colors : in the cavalry seven or eight yea™.  n the
engineer or artillery three years. He was, after nis
nArinri ftf actual presence with his corps expired,
dfsmiL d t^his home on furlough and called out an-
nually for military exercise till he had accomplished
• Li aftrvice* when be was transferred to the
r^e ln cale ofwar the men on furlough were
