1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1017
But whom does this bill protect or release from
prsoti or shield from ii•;i: 11? No one; not one
ot' your petitioners.
historical virw or ci. vims ok oi b citizens for
i-k rt i-rios.
W iih regard to t!u> history of this subject, us
weil as i>ith regard to the real character of
this hiil as developed in this debate, i will
quote the remarks of the chairman of the
committee who introduced this measure, ami
mooted to trace what seems to me n fair and
logical conclusion to be drawn from his bill
aud speech iu its support:
" rhe legislative departments, and especially the ex-
ecutive Uepartuuuti oi tuisUowruiucnt.hav^deuit.-d
the interpretation ot tlit> rights of Governments in
retard to allegiance whieli has beon maintained by
the Kuropean States, a doctrine loundixl on teudal
i.leaj ot Miciety. and contrary, iu .spirit, in term", and
m effect, to the doetruo-s ot all democratic political
associations." * •• « «
" l"ho Government of the United States has at no
period iu its liisloiy uiadu.-uch a decimation by legis-
lative act, and it to-day we should make any such
declaration roco^diiing the neht of expatriation on
the part ot the people ot the I nited States it would
be interpreted by the Government* of Europe as a
declaration that trom tUe date of tlio act only vre
rceosmxe the riishl ot expatriation, and that would
effectually cut ott all tbe claims ot the naturalized
eitiieus of this country up to tins day for protection
while in foreign St.ites. It is tor this reason that
whenever the question lias been presented, and such
a proposition Uas been made, without acting affirm- *
atively or negatively, ttie Congress of the United
Etntes has always di«uii<sed it as being unnecessary
and inconsistent with ilia required and established
rights of Americau citixens."
The claims set up by our Government through
its executive department, are here fully ad-
mitted by the gentleman who introduced this
bill, aud are reiterated and supported by his
subsequent argument:
" In 1812 the Government of the United States de-
clared war ac&initUreat Britain, because Great Brit-
ain had invaded our territory, had stopped our ships,
and taken from the service ot the United States, from
beneath the American Sac, those whom they claimed
to be English subjects.
"In 1&42 Mr. Webster made very earnest efforts,
rery earnest appeals to the British Government to
surrender this claim, but bis request was rejected, or
at least declined. Therefore up to this day the right
of Great Britain, as maintained by her Government,
has never been surrendered.
"the interest of the United States in this matter is
now stronger than it was then. There were then in
this country but l'JO.'JW) emigrants trom European
States; there are now t>.6IU,U00, and they and their
descendants amount to three fifths of the entire pop-
ulation of this country at this time. According to a
report from the Bureau of Statistics, the persons who
bare emigrated to this country trom foreign States
eiooe tbeorganuation of this Government, with their
descendants, number 21,750,000, Now, European law
holds all thee people to the second and third gener-
ation, even 'perhaps for all time' according to Mr.
Weatlake's authority as to English law, to the obli-
gation of subjects of those European Governments." !
From these extracts from the gentleman's
remarks it is justifiable to conclude that this
bill refers not very remotely to this historical
policy of our Government in regard to the rights >
of American citizens. I think it clear that
those rights are incontrovertibly involved in
the issue made between this country and Great
Britain in 1812. It was not simply a question
of the rights of native-born American citizens,
bat of the descendants of all .British, subjects < I
as well of the British subject who haa emi-
grated to this country. And, a little further
on in his remarks, the gentleman says:
"I do not mean to speak extravagantly on this
•uiuect. bat 1 will venture this remark, that this
eliuin which, maintained by the European States,
especially by Great Britain, affecting, directly or in-
directly, so large a proportion of the people of the
United States, thin Government can never peacefully
recognize.
" We go one step farther than did the Government
of 1812."
These are "brave words" in view of the fact
•that the Government of 181*2 drew the sword :
and launched an American fleet at great cost |
to support onr claims. But how does all this
mighty valor evaporate in the bagman's decla-
ration of the inalienable right to travel? Move
on, says the policeman. Move on, you have (
the inalienable right to travel.
"Since then our population has increased till we ;
number thirty-five millions. Three fifths of them are ,
interested in one way or another with the claims j
made by the European States. Th© greatest punish- j
ment that can ho inflicted upon any man or any t
«%tion is tbo denial of the rijfht of locomotion or of
travel.
Americans must hare, as other nations hare, tho |
riffht to travel in civilized States, committing no i
cntne against the laws of those States and charged
with m> intent or purpose of wrong. Yet if this
assumption of European States is submitted to, that
privilege accorded in all periods to the people of
every civilized nation is in a great degree impaired,
if not deMioyed. To this wo as a nation cannot
submit.'
But, say our poor fellows in prison, like
Sterns's starling, " We can't get out." Still,
says the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts, "The greatest punishment that can be
inflicted oti any man or any nation is the denial
of the right of locomotion or of travel."
" Americans must have, as other tuitions have,
the right to travel in civilized States, committing
no crime against the laws of those States, and
charged with no intent or purpose of wrong."
Mr. Speaker, is not this remarkably liberal
of the honorable gentleman? He not omy
brings iu '"a bill concerning the rights of Amer-
ican citizens in foreign States," but he under-
takes to protect those States against our citi-
zens. lie does not assume the championship
ot' the wrongs of our imprisoned people, now
cast into foreign dungeons under unjust charges,
but he volunteers to punish or withdraw our
protection from all American travelers who
hereafter shall be charged with intent or pur-
pose of wrong. Instead of being "a bill con-
cerning the rights of American citizens" it
seems practically to be a bill '"to redress the
wrongs of foreign States," and may have been
drawn in the chancellery of some European
consul so far as the redress of the wrongs of
American citizens is concerned. On the topic
of ''locomotion" the gentleman is very ex-
plicit and daring, but on the release of our
prisoners and payment of the Alabama claims
he is very silent. This is not a question, as the
gentleman styles it, simply of the right to travel;
but the question is, have the American people
the pluck to fight for the right to travel.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyer.]
Mr. BOYER. It is hardly worth while
to begin a speech which is to be limited to
four minutes, for I should not be able even
to state one of the many and various objec-
tions which I have to this bill, although I am
earnestly in favor of the immediate adoption
of some efficient and resolute policy to protect
the rights of American citizens abroad. I
shall not avail myself even of the poor privi-
lege of asking permission to print my remarks,
trusting that hereafter the limitations to this
debate may be somewhat removed, so that I
may have an opportunity before the question
is finally decided to say something on this
question. I yield whatever time I have left to
my colleague, [Mr. Woodward.]
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, when I
had the floor the other day on this question I
was cut off by the inevitable hammer from
finishing my remarks. I would like extremely
to finish them now. but I understand I have
not time. I therefore ask the privilege of
printing the residue of the remarks which I
intended to make and which I commenced
last Thursday. !
No objection was made.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Speaker, when my j
remarks were cut off by the fall of your inevi-
table hammer last Thursday I was examining
Lord Stanley's declaration that "Ireland was
never so prosperous as now, nor was she ever
more disaffected." You know, sir, that Lord 1
Stanley is not only the son of Lord Derby, the
present Premier of England, but is himself the :
Secretary of Foreign Affairs and speaks as one
having authority. His assertion that Ireland
was never so prosperous is sufficiently refuted ,
by the recent declarations of Mr. Gladstone and
Lord John Russell, to the effect that Parliament
must take efficient measures very soon for the I
relief of the well-grounded complaints of Ire-
land. It is refuted also by the declining popu- 1
lation of the island to which I alluded on Thurs- ,
day. The two great facts to which the discon-
tents of Ireland are referable are the church
rates and the land monopolies. These are |
the forces that are driving them to our shores
by hundreds of thousands. The established
church, to support which Irish labor is taxed,
is not the choice of probably more than one
twelfth, perhaps one fifteenth of the Irish peo-
ple. The mass of the people are Roman Catho-
lics. That is the church of their choice and their
affections, and to that their votive offerings are
cheerfully given. But, in addition to the con-
tributions which affection and piety dictate,
there are the ehfirch rates, the poor rates, and
all the public taxes which the Government im-
poses to eat up the earnings of the Irish peas-
ant. When to these there is added the land
rent, equal to about seven dollars and fifty
cents of our money per acre, is it strange that
Ireland is disaffected?—strange that Irishmen
should seek our more happy country where all
church contributions are voluntary, and where
cheap Iamfccan be found ?
The other Bource of discontent, the land
monopoly, is a sore evil to Ireland. I learned
last summer from a very intelligent English-
man whom I met in Ireland several interesting
facts, a note of which I made at the time ana
on the spot; and as they bear upon the ques-
tion under consideration I beg the attention
of the House to them.
According to my informant there are twenty
million acres of land in Ireland, of which six
millions are under cultivation and nine millions
in grass. There are six hundred thousand
farmers, of whom four hundred thousand hold
farms of thirty acres or less. About twenty
thousand men own the six hundred thousand
farms, and receive therefrom an annual rental
of from fourteen to fifteen million pounds,
equal to about seventy million dollars of our
money. Irish landlords do not expend more
than otle>half per cent, per annum in improv-
ing their estates. The rest of their large in-
comes go into the ftmds or into improvements
of the home farms, the parks, the game, the
hounds, the horses, houses, equipage, &c. I
was surprised to learn that leases for terms of
years are almost unknown in Ireland. The
tenantry are tenants at will, and liable to be
turned out at the caprice of either the landlord
or his steward. The consequence of this is
that when a farmer, compelled by his growing
family to cultivate every rood of ground within
his little farm, clears out hedge-rows or re-
claims bogs, and thus adds a few acres of
new land to exhausted fields that have been
cropped a thousand years, some new bidder is
ready to offer the steward a shilling an acre
more rent, and the tenant who has done the
work must pay the increased rent or turn out.
He has no lease to protect him. Thus is he
punished for his extra labor.
Another reason for not giving leases is polit-
ical. All these small farmers whoptyMVOtal
of ten pounds per unnfcet iAMT i otw®, Mfl when
th?y go to ttoefyeTOng places, where they tote
voce, the steward is there with his book to
register each vote, and woe betide the tenant
who presumes to vote contrary to the wishes
of his landlord or his landlord's steward. Hav-
ing no lease to protect him he must vote as he
is commanded or give up his cottage which,
however poor, is the only shelter for his wife
and children.
Is it strange, sir, that a brave and generous
people should flee from a tyranny more refined
than ever the feudal system was ? And in view
of these facts is it not unjust and ungenerous
in an English statesman to represent Ireland
as prosperous and her people as unreasonably
disaffected? A shilling a day, twenty-five cents
of our money, is the utmost the ordinary Irish
laborer can earn, and his employment even at
this rate is casual and precarious. Prosperous!
No doubt the resident and the absentee land-
lords are prosperous, but the people are poor
beyond all description; and as the rich are
growing richer, the poor are growing poorer,
Ireland, sir, as she is governed, cannot support
her population. This is the truth of the matter.
Now, sir, it is a general principle of public
law that when a Government is unable to find
homes and employment for its redundant pop-
ulation it is bound to concede to them theright
