1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
of expatriation. Men have a natural right to
go from places where they must starve to places
where their labor can procure a comfortable
subsistence. The British Government has
maintained for centuries a system of intestacy
and of land taxation that has made it impos-
sible for laboring men to retain land titles, and
have condensed the lands of the three king-
doms into the hands of comparatively a few
millionaires and nobles—a small, select, but
enormously rich aristocracy—and it is in the
interest of this class that Ireland is governed.
The soil, naturally good, has been much ex-
hausted by long culture; very little is done to
restore it, and failures of crops from these causes
or from adverse weather are frequent, and al-
ways entail extensive and exquisite suffering
upon the laboring classes. Social disorders
ensue from these causes, which onl^the mailed
arm of the Government can suppress. How
unjust and cruel for an English statesman to
charge a people so oppressed with disaffection
in the midst of prosperity ! Let him rather lift
off Church rates and compel landlords to give
their tenantry some interest in the lands they
cultivate; let him give labor a chance to earn
daily bread before he charges a whole people
with unreasonable discontent.
But if these things cannot be done—if no re-
lief can be derived for down-trodden Ireland—
if the Government must continue to be admin-
istered only for the benefit of the privileged
classes, in the name of all that is just and de-
cent let the emigrant enjoy the rights of citizen-
ship he has earned in a more hospitable country.
When he goes back to the Green Isle, to revisit
the graves of his ancestors and friends, let him
not be told that he is still a British subject, that
his oath of naturalization was a farce, and that
American citizenship means nothing in an Eng-
lish court. " This is the unkindest cut of all."
Sir, we owe it to our adopted citizens and
to our own dignity to vindicate the citizenship
we confer. By naturalization the foreigner
becomes an American citizen, except for one
or two purposes, as truly as if he was "native
to the manor born." And when he returns to
his native country, either for business or pleas-
ure, he is entitled to the same measure of pro-
tection that any American citizen has a right
to claim. The British Government have no
more right to seize him and deal with him as
a rebellious Fenian subject or a deserter from
his native allegiance than they would have to
treat you or me as their subject. If their
laws are violated let the offender be punished,
but let him be punished for transgressions of
law within their jurisdiction, not for words
uttered and acts done within our jurisdiction.
The proceedings of some British judges lately
in dealing with suspected Fenians are gross
outrages upon our rights of citizenship and
demand the instant interposition of our Execu-
tive. Ere long, I trust, the British lion will be
made to respect the American eagle. We
taught England by the war of 1812 that our
seamen could not be impressed into her ser-
vice, and, if necessary, we can repeat the lesson
in behalf of our naturalized citizens. But war
ought not to be necessary to vindicate so plain
a right, and I trust this bill will peacefully
accomplish the reform that is demanded by
circumstances.
France and the German States are more
liberal in their policy than Great Britain and
Russia, but none ot the European Govern-
ments have in form recognized the right of
expatriation as we insist upon maintaining it.
They have no love for us, but they have learned
to respect our power. One of the few good
results of our late civil war was to impress for-
eign nations with a sense of our military power.
They saw a war waged here, not of such puny
Eroportions as that of the Roses in England,
ut which outstripped the grandest martial
displays of Napoleon, Caesar, or Alexander—
a contest that shook the whole earth; and if
now we could present to them the spectacle of
a fraternal union between the belligerent sec-
tions they would be careful not to provoke a
blow from united forces which were so formid-
able in division. They would yield to their
fears what they might not to their sense of
justice, and would respect our naturalization
of their subjects whom they could not detain
at home. Thus, underlying this great ques-
tion, as all other public questions of our day,
is the policy of union ; speedy, cordial, indis-
soluble union. That is all ive want to com-
mend the principles of this bill to the nations
of the earth. Let us heal our breaches, restore
the dissevered States, stop the clamor about
southern rebels and loyal negroes, bind around
all the States the bands of the old time Union,
and then we shall see not only millions of the
wronged and down-trodden peasantry of the
Old World hastening to our shores, but we
shall see their native Governments acknowl-
edging the right of expatriation and respecting
U)p citizenship we confer.
The foreign population in the country have
a right to demand these measures from us.
The State which I have the honor in part to
1 represent is largely indebted Tor her prosper-
, ity to German and Irish immigrants. William
Penn found very early in his iufant colony that
the staid and industrious habits of the German
fitted him to be a better colonist than the Eng-
lishman, and accordingly he encouraged Ger-
man families to settle in Pennsylvania. Their
descendants to this day constitute the bulk of
the population of our most populous counties
in the eastern part of the State. And nowhere,
not even in England, Germany, or Belgium,
will you find better farms or better farmers than
in these counties. They have built up sub-
stantial homes for themselves, and have lent
their wealth and influence to the internal im-
provements of the State. They have furnished
us a long succession of Governors and many dis-
tinguished legislators and public men in every
department of the Government, and the Ger-
man emigrant of our day is all the sooner
Americanized for being brought into contact
with such descendants of the fatherland. If
a better population can be found on the face
of the whole earth than the Pennsylvania Ger-
mans I know not where it is to be looked for.
And the Irishmen have contributed largely
to our material wealth ; they have built canals
and railroads for us, and have done very much
of our mining and farming. It is not true that
they are a turbulent or disaffected population
when they have a chance to gain a livelihood
by labor. It is only when they are denied this
opportunity that they become disorderly.
The development of the resources of our
mining States and the wide and fertile lands
of the West afford ample fields for the labor of
all the Irish and German emigrants. Let them
come and be naturalized and assimilate, the
faster the better, with our nationalities, and
when they go abroad under our passports let
us see that all nations, great and small, respect
and treat them as American citizens.
If this bill, or the substitute now offered for
it by the honorable gentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Jenckes,] shall accomplish this
end, it will not be more than we owe to our
millions of adopted citizens, and we may feel
after we shall have passed it that we have to-
day done the State some service.
Mr. BOYER. I ask to have read by .the
Clerk a substitute which I propose for the
pending bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and Haute of Representa-
tives, &c.. That all naturalized citizens of the United
States while in foreign States are entitled to and
shall receive from this Government the same protec-
tion of person and property that is accorded to native-
born citizens in like situation and circumstances.
And the President is requested to inquire and report
to Congress at the earliest practicable day whether
any. and if any, how many and who, of the citizens
of the United States, whether naturalized or native-
born, are deprived of their liberty in any foreign
country, in contravention of their rights as citizens
entitled to the protection of this Government.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until Tuesday
next after the morning hour.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, announced that the
Senate had passed the joint resolution of the
House (II. R No. 01) concerning certain lands
granted to railroad companies in the States of
; Michigan and Wisconsin, with an amendment,
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
, rence of the House.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. BLAINE, from the Committee on Ap-
■ propriations, reported a bill (H. R., No. C58)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1869, and
for other purposes ; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr.' BLAINE. In submitting the Army
appropriation bill at this time, Mr. Speaker, for
reference to the Committee of the Whole, 1 de-
sire to call the attention of the House to the total
! amount comprised in it, which is $33,082,093.
This is deemed by the Secretary of War and
by General Grant sufficient for all the expenses
of the military establishment so far as they can
be foreseen or foretold at this time. Nothing
but the outbreak of hostilities in some quarter
can increase the amount now appropriated.
The adjustment of our Indian troubles, which
i produced the necessity of extra expenditure
, the past year, leaves no room for any appre-
hension of deficiencies to be met by future
appropriation.
General Grant's estimates for military ex-
penditures have been made with the greatest
exactness and with a degree of economy wholly
unknown to the Army on its peace establish-
ment preceding the war. I find, by the official
statement of the Secretary of the Treasury,
which I hold in my hand, that the total ex-
penses of the Army for the four years of Mr. Bu
chanan's Administration were $86,307,575 55,
making an average of well nigh twenty-two mil-
lions a year in gold. The Army at that time was
composed of nineteen regiments in all; so that
each regiment cost considerably over a million
dollars per annum in gold. The Army is at
present composed of sixty regiments, and the
total appropriations required by General Grant
are but $33,000,000 a year in paper money,
making little more than half a million dollars
to each regiment. In other words, the Army,
under the peace establishment immediately
preceding the war, cost per regiment more
than double in gold what the Army now costs
per regiment in paper under the peace estab-
lishment as administered by General Grant.
With the gradual reduction of the Army, as
proposed in this bill, it is easy to see that in
the course of a year or two our military ex-
penses will be lessened to such a degree as no
longer to be felt as a burden to the tax-payer.
Thus much in regard to the Army. The
work of the Committee on Appropriations is
so far advanced and made public that I am at
liberty to present in this connection a brief
recapitulation showing what our total expenses
will be for the ensuing fiscal year. For the
Navy we have reported $18,096,045—an am-
ple sum if the House shall sustain my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] in making
the valuable retrenchments and reforms which
are incorporated in the bill. The naval ex-
penses for the four years of Mr. Buchanan's
Administration were $52,645,998 89. showing
an average of more than thirteen, millions per
annum in gold. With a very much larger Navy,
and with the disadvantage of paper money and
high prices, our appropriations this year are
but a trifle over eighteen millions for the entire
service.
The remainder of the ordinary expenses of
the Government are embraced under the fol-
lowing heads, and will not materially differ from
the figures I give, namely:
Executive, legislative, and judicial, embracing all
the salaries and expenses in the various Depart-
ments $17,119,478 32
Post Office Department  4,050,000 00
Consular and diplomatic    1,261,431 00
Indian Department  3,000,000 00
West Pdint Military Academy  303,000 00
Miscellaneous expenses of all kinds,
embracing both annual and perma-
nent appropriations...-   14,000,000 0T
