1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1019
Mr. HOLMAN. How
come up at this time?
does this subject
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from j
Maine is reporting from the Committee on >
Appropriations the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is very unusual to discuss
the bill at this stage. i
Mr. BLAINE. I am about to move that the ;
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion opens the ,
question for debate.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I dislike to interrupt the
gentleman, but I must make a point of order
upon him. ]t is manifest that this is a con-
sideration of the bill, and under the rules it
must have its first consideration in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. Under the rules the Commit-
tee on Appropriations have a right to report at
any time, and the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
and print, opens up the question to debate.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman will allow
me I shall be through in a few moments.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well; I withdraw the
point of order. _ ;
Mr. BLAINE. These several items, in addi- j
tion to the Army and Navy appropriations, I
whose amounts I have already given, show-a j
grand aggregate of $90,912,047 32, constitut- i
ing what are known as the "ordinary ex-
penses" of Government. This aggregate does
not present any very large increase over the
expenditures of a similar kind preceding the
war. I find by reference to official documents
that during the first year of Mr. Buchanan's
Administration the "ordinary expenses," un-
der Drecisely the same headings which I have
included above, exceeded $70,000,000 in gold.
And I submit that $70,000,000 in gold in
1857-58 was a much larger amount, relatively
considered, than $90,000,000 in paper in
18(58-69. And it must be borne in mind that
with these $90,000,000 in paper we are main-
taining a much larger Army and Navy than
were supported ten years ago.
Our extraordinary expenditures are those
which result directly from the war. We shall
appropriate $30,330,000 for pensions, and I
presume no one will propose to withhold or
reduce this amount a single dollar. We shall
likewise be called upon to appropriate $25,000,-
000 in carrying into effect the bounty laws of
1866-67; and this will not be objected to by
any one who remembers that it goes to the
men who risked their lives and maimed their
bodies in the service of our common country.
We shall also expend $130,000,000 in paying
off the interest on our public debt; and this
item can only be reduced by repudiating the
obligations which were solemnly incurred in
from day to day until disposed of; and on that
motion I move the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman yield to
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BLAINE. For a simple question, I will, ij
Mr. ROSS. I want to know why these ex-
penses could not have been reduced three years |
ago, and why it has been postponed until the i
election is near at hand and they seek a new !
lease of power?
Mr. BLAINE. I do not care to go into the
discussion now. There will be time enough
when the bill comes up in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I now in-
sist on the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 shall call for the reading
of the bill unless it is understood that all points
of order are reserved.
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly; reserve them all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is in
the line of extravagance, reserving points of
order.
Mr. IIOLMAN. We want to see whether
the speech is sustained by the bill. j
The previous question was seconded, and the j
main question ordered; and under the operation j
thereof Mr. Blaine's motion was agreed to. j
REVENUE-CUTTER SERVICE.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury,' transmitting esti-
mates of the expenses of the revenue-cutter
service for the fiscal years 1868 and 1869; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
SURVEY OF CONNECTICUT RIVER.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting, in compliance with
the act of March 2, 1867, a communication
from the chief of engineers, inclosing a report
of Colonel Houston on the survey of the Con-
necticut river; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the rules be suspended and the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the special order,
the Military Academy bill; and pending that
motion I move that all debate on the bill term-
inate in one minute after the committee shall
resume its consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. All general debate?
The SPEAKER. All general debate has
been closed already.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. General
debate has been already closed by order of the
House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
the name of the nation and for the preservation j e to cut 0flp t]je five-minutes debate?
of the nation's life. _ , The SPEAKER. That is the motion, and
if agreed to amendments c&n foe offered with.
Adding these three large items of pensions,
bounties, and interest to the "ordinary '
penditures" which I have already cited, and j
we find the grand total of expenditure for the j
year 1868-9 will amount to $275,912,047 32. ;
The item of $25,000,000 for bounties is of j
course temporary and not to be counted among
our regular expenditures. Deducting it from \
the sum total just named for the fiscal year
1868-9 and the amount would be a trifle over I
$250,000,000. With the bounty paid and our j
Army and Navy reduced, as we propose to
reduce them, our total annual expenditure in
future years will not exceed two hundred and
twenty-five to two hundred and thirty million
dollars; and I have no doubt the Committee
of Ways and Means will be^ able to show us
that this amount can be raised without any
burden upon the industry and
oppressive   -,
enterprise of the country, and with a vast re-
duction in our present system of internal
^"now move that the bill be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union and printed, and that it be made the
special order for Thursday, February 18, and
Out dul>lit(;.
The question was then taken on the motion
to close debate, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion
.to suspend the rules for the purpose of going
into Committee of the Whole on the Military
Academy appropriation bill, and it was agreed
tC> The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the spe-
cial order, being House bill No. 599, making
appropriations lor the support of the Military
Academy for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1869.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
The CHAIRMAN. Tellers were appointed
yesterday. They will resume their places,
and the vote will be again taken on the amend-
ment.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
[Messrs. Upson and Ei.dridge] reported that
there were—ayes 28, noes 71.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. I move to
amend this bill by adding the following:
Provided, That no part of said appropriation shall
be paid to any cadet appointed from a State in which
be is not a bona fide citizen.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
the law now.
Mr. TRIMBLE, of Kentucky. The object
I have in view in offering this amendment 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in Gider,
it having been closed on the entire bill by
order of the House.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment ; and upon a division there were—ayes
25, noes 62; no quorutr. voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Trimble, of
Kentucky, and Mr. Scofield were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 42, noes 56.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the bill by
adding thereto the following:
And provided further, That all laws allowing offi-
cers of the Army, except superintendent and com-
mandant, assigned to duty at West Point a higher
grade of rank or additional pay because of such
assignment on duty at the Academy, be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
state his point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My point
of order is that this amendment proposes to
change the existing law in regard to this sub-
ject which has existed since 1802, and there-
fore it is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to say 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LOGAN. I know it is not debatable.
All I can say is that a great many changes in
the laws have been made by just such amend-
ments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think I can suggest to the
gentleman a way to accomplish his purpose, at
least in part.
Mr. LOGAN. I will thank the gentleman
to do so.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The gentleman can confine
his amendment to this appropriation.
Mr. LOGAN. I will do so. I move to
amend the bill by.adding these words:
Provided, That no part of the money appropriated
by this act shall be applied to the payment of extra
allowance to officers assigned to duty at West Point
except the superintendent and commandant.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes31,noes41; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Spalding were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 52, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
No further amendmeat was offered to the
bill.
1 Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
; that this bill and the amendments thereto be
laid aside, to be reported to the House.
; The motion was agreed to.
ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
LEGISLATIVE,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee now proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 605) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive,
rose yesterday it had found itself without a quo- an(j ju(j;c;ai expenses of the Government for
rum in the vote upon the amendment^afjthe year ending the 30th of June, 1869.
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to modify my
amendment, so as to read :
And provided further. That iTo part of the money
appropriated by this act shall be paid or applied to
the pay or subsistence of any but white cadets.
The motion was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objec-
tion, the first reading of the bill will be dis
pensed with.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object.
