CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._________          ;-  -*•_ .    •; *
received which justifies the hope of an early ad-
justment of the remaining claims upon ¡hat Govern-
ment.
The commissioaers appointed in pursuance of
the convention between the United States and
Texas, for marking the boundary between them,
have, according to the la^t report received from our
commissioner, surveyed and established the
whole extent of boundary north along the
western bank of the Sabine rivar, from its en-
trance into the Gulf of Mexico to the thirty-se-
cond degree of north latitude. The commission
adjourned on the 16:h of June last, to reassemble
on the 1st of November, for the purpose of esta-
blishing accurately the intersection of the thirty-
second degree of lntitude with the western bank of
the Sabine, and the meridian line thence to Bed-
river. It is presumed that the work will be con-
cluded in the present season.
The present sound condition of their finances,
and the success with which embarrassments in re-
gard to them, at times apparently insurmountable,
have been, overcome, are mat'ers upon which the
people and the Government of the United States
may well congratulate themselves. An oveiflosr-
iog Treasury, however it may be regarded as an
evridence of public prosperity, is seldom conducive
to the permanent welfare of any people; and ex-
perience has demonstrated its ¡incompatibility with
the salutary action of political institutions like
those of the United States. Our safest reliance for
financial efficiency and independence ha«, on the
contrary, been found to exist in ample resources
unencumbered with debt; and, in this respect, the
Federal Government occupies a sir¡gulaily fortu-
nate and truly enviable position.
When I entered upon the discbarge of my offi-
cial duties in March, 1837, the act for the distri-
bution of the surplus revenue was in a course
of rapid execution. Nearly twenty-eight millions
of dollars of the public moneys were, in pursuance
of its provisions, deposited with the Siates in
the months of January, April, and July, of that
year. In May there occurred a general sus-
pension of specie payments by the banks, including,
with very few exceptions, those in which the pub-
lic moneys were deposited, and upon whose
fidelity the Government had unfoi tunately made
itself dependent for the revenues which had been
' collected from the people, and were iud.spensable
to the public service This suspension, and the
excesses in banking and commerce out of which
it arose, and which were greatly aggrava eJ by its
occurrence, made, to a great extent, unavailable
the principal part of the public money then on
hand; suspended the collection of many millions
accruing on merchants'bonds, and greatly reduced
the revenue arising from customs and the public
lands. These effects have continued to operate, in
- various degrees, to the present period; and, in addi-
tion to the decrease in the revenue thus produced,
two and a half millions of duties have been relin-
quished by two biennial reductions under the act
of 1833, and probably a-! much more upon the im-
portation of iron for railroads, by special legisla-
tion.
Whilst such has been our condition for the
last four years in relation to revenue, we have,
during the same period, been subjected to an un-
avoidable continuance of large extraordinary ex-
penses necessarily «owing out of past transac-
tions, and which could not be immediately ar-
rested without great ptejudice to the public inte-
re¡t. Of these, the change upon the Trea ury, in
consequence of the Cherokee treaty alone, without
adverting to others arising out of Indian treaties,
has already exceeded five millions of dollars; that
for the prosecution of measures for the removal of
the Seminole Indians, which were louml in pro-
gress, has been nearly fourteen millions; and the
public buildings have required the unusual sum of
nearly three millions.
It affords me, however, great pleasure to be able
to fay, that, from the commencement of this pe-
riod to the present day, every demand upon the
Government, at home or abroad, has been prompt-
ly met. This has been done, not only without cre-
ating a permanent debt, or a resort to additional
taxation in any form, but in the midst of a steadily-
progressive reduction of exiting- burden: upon Un-
people, leaving still a considerable ba'ance of
available funds which will remain in the Treasury
at the end of the year. The small amount of
Treasury notes, not exceeding four and a half mil-
lions of dollars, still outstanding, ¡ nd less by twen-
ty-three millions than the United States have in de-
posite with the Sta'es, is composed of such only as
are not yet due, or have not been presented for
payment. They may be redeemed out of the ac-
cruing re-venue, if the expenditures do not exceed
the amount within which they may, it is thought,
be kept without prejudice to the public interest, and
the revenue shall prove to be as large as may justly
be anticipated.
Among the reflections arising from the contem-
plation of these eiroumstances, one, not the least
gratifying, is the consciousness that the Govern-
ment had the resolution and the ability to adhere,
in every emergency, to the sacred obligations of
law; to execute ail its contracts according to the
requirements of the Constitution, and thus to pre-
sent, when most needed, a rallying point by which
the business of the wholecountry might be brought
back to a safe and unvarying standard—a result
vitally important as well to the interests as to the
morals of the people. There can surely now be
no difference of opinion in regard to the in-
calculable evili that would have arisen ' if the
Government, at that critical moment, had suf-
fered itself to be deterred from upholding
the only true standard of value, either by
the pressure of adverse circumstances or the
violence of unmerited denunciation. The manner
in which the people sustained the performance of
this duty was highly honorable to their fortitude
and patriotism. It cannot fail to stimulate their
agents to adhere, under all circumstances, to the
line of duty; and to satisfy them of the safety with
which a course really light, and demanded by a fi-
nancial crisis, may, in a community like ours, be
pursued, however apparently severe its immediate
operation.
" The policy of the Federal Government, in extin-
guishing as rapidly as possible  the national debt,
and, subsequently, in resisting every temptation to
create a new one, deserves to be regarded in the
sanie fave rabie light.   Among the many objections
to a national deb*, the certain tendency of public
securities to concentrate ultimately in the coffers of
foreign stockholders, is one which is every day
gathering strength.    Already have the resources of
many oí the States, and the future industry of'heir
ci'tzens, been indefinitely mortgaged to the fubjects
of European Governments, ti the amount of twelve
millions annually, to  pay the constantly scorning
interest on borrowed money—a sum exceeding half
the ordinary revenues of the whole United States.
The pretext which this relation affords to foreigners
to scrutuvze the management of our domestic af-
fairs, if not actually to intermeddle with them,
presents a subject for earnest attention, not to say
of serious alarm.    Fortunately, the  Federal Go-
vernment, with the exception of an obligation en-
tered into in  behalf of the District  of Columbia,
which must soon  be discharged, is wholly exempt
from any such embarrassment.    Ii is also, as is be-
lieved, the only Government  which, having  folly
and faithfully paid all its creditors, has also reliev-
ed itself entirely frrm debt.    To maintain a dis-
tinction so desirable, and so hon'arable to  our na-
tional chara ter, should be an object of eisrnost soli-
citude. Never should a fiee people, if it be possible to
avoid i', expose themselves to the necessity of hav-
ing to treat of the peace, the honor, or the safety of
the Republic, with  the Governments of  foreign
creditor?, who, however well disposed they may be
to cultivate with us in general friendly relations,
are nevertheless, by the law of their own  condi-
tion, made hostile to the success and permanency
of political institutions like ours.   Most humiliat-
ing may be the embarrassments consequent upon
such a condition.   Ar.oth«r objection, scarcely less
formidable, to the commencement of a new deb*,
is its inevitable tendency to increase in magn'tude,
and to foster national extravagance.   He has been
an unprofitable observer of event*, who needs at
this day to be admonished of the difficulties which
a Government, habitually dependent on loans to
sustain its ordinary expenditures, has to enpi in'er
n ivsisting the inflitrace? constantly exerted in fa-
vor of additional loans; by capitalists, wjto enrich .
themselves by Government securities for amounts
much exceeding the money they actually advance !
—a prolific source of individual aggrandizement
in all borrowing countries;  by stockholders, who
seek their gains in the me and fall of public stocks; *
and by the selfish importunities of applicants for
appropriations for works avowedly for the accom-
modation of the public, but the real objects of,
which are, too frequently, the advancement óf pri«
vate interests.   The known necessity which, so ma-
ny of the States will be under to impose taxes for
the payment of the interest on their debts, furnish-
es an additional and very cogent reason why the
Federal Government should refrain from creating
a national debt, by which the people would be ex-
posed to double taxation for a similar object.   We
possess within ourselves ample lesoorces for every
emergency; and we may be quite sure that our
citizens, in no future exigency, will be unwilling
to supply the Government with all  the   means
asked for the defence of the country.   In time of
peace there can, at all events, be no justification
for the creation of a permanent debt by the Federal
Government.   Its limited range of "constitutional
duties may certainly, under such circumstances, be '
performed without such a resort.   It has, it is seen,
been avoided during four years of greater fiscal
difficulties than have existed in a similar period
since the adoption of the Constitution, and'one
also remaikable for the occurrence of extraordi-
nary causes of expenditures.
But to acc"mpli*h so desirable an object, two
things are indispensable: first, that the action ef the
Federal Government be kept within the bounda-
ries prescribed by its founders, and, secondly, that
all appropriations for objects admitted to be con-
stitutional, and the expenditure of them also, be
subjected to a standard of rigid but well considered
and practical economy.   The first depends chiefly
on the people themselves, the opinions they form of
the true construction of the Constitution, and the
confidence they repose in the political sentiments
of those they select as their representatives in the
Federal legislature;   the second rests upon  the
fidelity with which their more immediate repre.
serftatives, and  other public functionaries,  dis-
j charg-: the trusts commuted to them.   The duty
ef economizing the expenses of the public service
I is admitted on all hands; yet there are few subjects
upon   v;bich  there exists  a  wider difference of
opinion than is constantly manifested in regard
to   the   fidelity   with   which   that  duty   is  dis-
charged.     Neither diversity  of  sentiment, nor
even   mutual   recriminations, upon  a  point in
respect    to   which   the    public    mind   is    so
justly sensitive, can well be entirely avoided; and
least so at periods of great political excitement.
An in'elligent people, however, seldom fail to ar-
rive, in the end, at correct conclusions in such a
matter.   Practical economy in the management of
public affairs can have no adverse influence to con-
tend with more powerful than a large; surplus reve-
nue; and the unusually large appropriations for
1837 may, without doubt, independently of the ex-
traordinary requisitions for the public service grow-
ing out of the stats of our Indian relations, be, in
no inconsiderable degree, traced to  this source.
The sudden and rapid distribution of the large sur-
plus then in the Treasury, arid the equally sudden
and unprecedentedly severe revulsion in the com-
merce aud business of the country, pointing with
unerring certainty to a great and protracted reduc-
tion of the revenue, strengthened the propriety of
the earliest practicable reduction cf the public ex-
penditures.
But, to change a system operating upon so larg®
a surface, a¡;d applicable to such numerous and di-
versified iaterests and objects, was wore than the '■
work of a day.   The attention of every depart-
i ment of the Government was immediately, and in
good faith, directed to that end; and has been so
continued to the present moment.   The estimates
and appropriations for the year 1838 (the first over
which I had any control) were somewhat dimmish-,,'
ed.   The expenditures of 1839 were reduced" sir""'
millions of dollars-   Those of 1840, exeiasííe «f "
d:>bursement.N for public debt and ¡rustelaims, Will
probably not exceed twenty-two and a half millions;
' !>f ing leiwecu iwo a«d tiuee Millions less ¡haii tfaosp
