CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ample provision has been naade for the adminis-
tration of justice and the execution of the laws; if
the claims upon public gratitude in behalf of the
soldiers of Itie Revolution have been promply met
and faithfully ái:chargeJ; if there have been no
failures in defraying the very large expenditures
■ growing out of that long continued and salutary
policy of peacefully removing ¡he Iudiat:s to re-
gions of comparative safety and prosperity; if the
publie faith has at ail limes, and every where been
most scrupulously maintained by a prompt dis-
charge of iht> numerous, extended, and divers.fied
claims on the Treasury; if all ¡hese gieat and per-
manent objects, with many others that might be
stated, have, for a .'cries of. years, marked by pecu-
liar obstacles and difficulties, been succes:fully ac-
complished without a resort to a permanent debt,
or the a<d of a satUnal bank, have we not a right
to expect that a pokey, the object of which has
been to sustain the public service independently of
cither of these fruittul sources of discord, will re-
ceive the final sanction of a people whose un-
biassed and fairly elicited judgment upon public
affairs is never ultimately vr<?ng?
That embarrassments m ike pecuniary con-
cerns of individuáis, of unexampled extent and
duration, have recently er.s'.ed in this, as in other
commercial nations, is undoubtedly true. To sup-
pose it necessary new to trace these reverses to
their sources, would be a reflection on ihe intelli-
gence of my fellow-citizens. Whatever maj have
been the obscurity in which the subject was in-
volved during the eatlier stagss of the revulsion,
there cannot now be many by whom the whole
question is not fully understood.
Not deeming it wiihm the constitutional powers
of the General Government to repair private loss-
es sustained by reverses ¡n business having no con-
nection with the public service, either by direct ao-
propriations from the Treasury, or by special legis-
lation designed to. secute exclusive privileges and
immunities to individuals or classes in preference to,
and at the expense of, the gieat majority necessari-
ly debarred from any participation in them, no
attempt to do so has been either made, recom-
mended, or encouiaged, by the present Execu-
tive.
It is believed, however, that the great purposes
for the attainment of which the Federal Govern-
ment was instituted have not been lost sight of. In-
trusted only with certain iimite i powers, cautious-
ly enumerated, distinstly specified, and defined With
a precision ana clearness winch would seem to de-
fy misconstruction, it hss been my constant aim
to confine myseif within the limits so clearly mark-
ed out, and so carefutly guarded. Having always
been of opinion that the best preservative of the
union of the States is to he found ia a toial absti-
nence from the exercise of all doubtful powers on
the part of the Federal GovernmeKt, rather thttnin
attempts to assume them by a loose construction
of the Constitution, or ¿n ingenious perveision of
its words, I have endeavored" to avoid recommend-
ing any measure which S had reason to apprehend
would, in the opinion even of a considerable mi-
nority of my fellow-citizens, by regarded as trench-
ing on the ii?hts of the States, cr the provisions of
the hallowed instrument of our Union. Viewing
the aggregate powers oí tne Federal Government as
a voluntary concession oí the Stitcs, it stemed to
ma ¡hit tuch only ihonkl be exercised as were at
the time intended to be giveti.
I have bi-.en otixn.-'h'.-d, too, in the proprie-
ty ¡pi this coa.so, by thj onviaicn that all ef-
irts to go beyond this, b nd only to produce
dissatisfaction and OLt'ust, to excite jealou-
sies, and to pruvuke res.otd-i:e. Instead ot ad-
ing strength to jibs Federal Government, even
when successful, they inuot ever prove a source cf
incurable weakness, b/ alienating a portion of
those whose adhesion Ú indispensable to t! e great
aggregare of united strength, and whose voluntary
attachment is, m my estimation, far more esi&n'ial
to the efficiency of a Government strong in the best
of all possible strength—th? confidence grid Efach-
ment of all fisoie who make up its constituent
e'ements.
Thus believing, it ha? been my purpose to sesuie
to  the whole people, and to every member of the
confederacy, by general, salutary, and equal laws
alone,.'the benefit of those Republican institutions
which it was the end and aim of the Constitution to
establish, and the impartial influence of which is, in
my judgment, indispensable to their preserva-
tion. I cannot bring myself to believe that the
lasting happiness of the people, the prosperity of the
States, or tha permanency of their Union, can be
maintained by giving reference or priority to any
class of citizens in the distribution of benefits or
privileges, or by the adoption of measures which
enrich one portion of the Union at the expense of
another; nor can 1 see in the interference of the Fede-
ral Government with the local legislation and re-
served righij of the State;, a remedy for present,
or a secutity against future, dangers.
The firs', and assuredly not the least, important
step towards relieving the country from the ctn-
(ittion into which it had b-en plunged hy excesses
ia trade, banking, and credits of all kinds, was
to place the bushes? transactions of the Go-
vernment itself on a solid ba<-i-; givisg and receiv-
ing in all ca=.es value for value, and nei her coun-
tenancing nor encouraging m others that delusiva
system of credits from winch it has been found so
difficult to escape, and which has left nothing be-
hind it but the wrecks that mark its fatal career.
That the financial affairs of the Government are
now, and have been during the whole period of
these widespreading difficulties, conducted with a
strict and inyariisb'e regaid to this great fundamen-
tal principle, and that by the assumption and main-
tenance of the stand thus taken on the very
threshold of the approaching crisis, more than by
any other cause or causes whatever, the commu-
nity at larce has been shielded from the incalcula-
ble evils of a general and indefinite suspension of
specie payments, and a consequent annihilation,
for the whole period it might have lasted, of a just
and invariable standard of value, will, it i? be-
lieved, at this period, scarcely be questioned.
A steady adherence, en the part of the Govern-
ment, to the policy which has produced such salu-
tary results, aided by judicious State legislation,
and, what is not less important, by the industry,
enterprise, perseverance, and economy of the Ame-
rican people, cannot fail to raise the whole coun-
try, at an early period, to a state of solid and en-
during prosperity, not subject to be again over-
thrown by the suspicion of banks or the explo-
sion of a bleated credit system. It is for the peo-
ple, and their representatives, to decide whether
or not the permanent welfare of the country
(which all geod citizens equally desire, however
widely they may differ as to the means of its ae-
complishnvtnt) shall be in tins way secured; or
whether the management of the pecuniary con-
cerns of the Government, and, by consequence,
to a great extent, 'hc^se of individuals aUo, shall be
earned back to a coLckiiun of things which fostered
those contractions and expansions of the currency,
and those rccVless abases of credi', from the bale-
ful effects of which the country has so deedly suf-
fered—a return that cm r.romis , in the end, no
better results than to reproduce the embarrassments
ihs Government has experienced; and to remove
from the shoo'deis of the present, to those of fresh
victims, the Infer traits ot that spirit of spseulative
enter ¡"rise to which our countrymen are so liable,
End. upon whio'j the lesson's cf experience are so
ui.avai'.ii.g. The choice is En important one, and I
dnceiely hope that it uriy be wisely made.
A report from the Sectetit-y of War, presenting
a detailed view of the £ flairs" of that department,
accompanies this communication.
The'dc'ultory duties connected with the removal
of the Indians, in which ihe army has been con-
stantly engaged on the Northern and Western froti-
iii-rs, and ¡r. florida, haye rendered it impractica-
ble to cury into full effect the plan tecomeiended
by the Secretary f j: improving its dt-ctplme. Ia
every ms ar.se where ir.e regiments have been con-
cemrated, they have m:.de «leat progress; and the
best rebutí* may be anticipated from a continuance
of this system. Dnnr.g the last season, a part of
the troops hive been employed in removing Indians
from tbe i.-.teiior to the temtory assigned them in
the West—a duty which they have performed effi-
ciently, and with praiseworthy humanity: and that
portion of them which has been stationed iu-Flo-
rida continued active operations there throughout
the heats of summer.
The policy of the United States in regaid to-1 the
Indians, of which a succmct account is,graen
in my message of 1838, and of the wisdom and
expediency of which I am fully satisfied, thas
been continued in active operation throughout the
whole period of my administration. Since? the
spring of 1837, more than forty thousand Indians
have been removed to their new homes west.of-the
Mississippi; and I am happy to add that all ac-
counts concur in representing the result of tats
measure as eminently beneficial to that people.   ■
The emigration of the Seminóles alone has been
attended with serious difficulty, and occasioned
bloodshed, hostilities having been commenced by
the Indians in Florida, under the apprehension'that
they would be compelled, by force, to comply with
their treaty stipulations. The «ecnt-oa of the
treaty of Payne's Landing, signed in 1832, bat not
ratified until 1834, was postponed, at the solicita-
tion of the Indians, until 1836, when they again re-
newed their agreement to remove peaeeabty to their
new homes in the West. In the face of this solemn
and renewed compact, they broke their faith  and
commenced hostilities by the massacre of Major
Dade's command, the murder of their agent, Gene-
ral Thompson, and other acts of cruel treachery.
When this alarming and unexpected intelligence
reached the seat of Government, ev«ry .effort ap-
pears to have been made to reinforce «enera!
Clinch, who commanded the troops then in Florida.
General Eustis was despatched with reinforcements
from Charleston, troops were called out trom Ala-
bama, Tennessee, and Georgia, and General Scott
was sent to take the command, with ample powers
and ample means. At the first alarm,,^f
Gaines organized afores at New Orleans, and,
without waiting for orders, landed in Flor da,
where he delivered over the troops he had brought
with him to General Scott.
Gov. Call was subsequently appointed toepnüaet
a summer campaign, and, at the close of it, was
replaced by General Jesup. These events and
changes took place under the administration of my
predecessor. Notwithstanding the exertions of the
experienced officers who had command there for
eighteen months, on entering upon the administra-
tion of the Government I found the Territory of
Florida a prey to Indian atrocities. A strenuous
effort was immediately made to bring these¡ hostili-
ties to a close; and the army, under General Jesup,
was reinforced until it amounted to ten^ thousand
men, and furnished with abundant supplies of eve-
ry description. In this campaign a great number
of the enemy were captured and destroyed; butthe
character of the contest only was changed. The
Indians, having been defeatedin every engagement,
dispersed in small bands throughout £e country,
and became an enterprising, formidable, and ruth-
less banditti. General Taylor, who succeeded
Geneial Jesup, used his best exertions to subdue
them, and waV seconded in hiseffortshy the offim*
und« hi command; but be, too, ftdsd to proteo
rtie Territory from their depredations. By an act
of signal and cruel treachery, they broke the truce
made w to them by Geneial Macomb who  u
sent from Washington for the purpose of carrying
into effect the expressed wishes of Congress, and
have continued their devastations ever since Gene-
ral Armisiead, who was in Florida when General
Tavlor left the army, by permission, assumed the
command, and, after active summer operations
wa« met by propositions for peace; and, from the
fouunate coincidence of the arrival in Florida, at
the same period, of a delegation from the Semi--
coles who are happily settled w t of the Missis-
sippi, and are now anxious to pervade fear coun-
tyVen to join them there, hopes were for some
Urn- entertained that the Indians might be induced
K the Territory without further ¿Acuity.
These hooea have proved fallacious, and hos-
tiUto have been renewed throughout the whole
oftheTertHory. That this contest has endured
°o lone is to be attributed to causes beyond
rttiS of the Government    £«££
