CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.               .                           7
~—___^____.„----------_______.______________s__             .............                .....in.....iiiil'ffililn Pi......■hmiiiiimmm iitmii ii iiini......i iirn-MimimirírriiHÉiiiii  i i - nitnnilriwiw 11> n i
This will mike the aggregate of pay-
ments or expenditures of all kinds 26,643,656 12
Leaving an available balasce of
money in the Treasury on the 31st
December, 1840, computed to be    1,590,855 89
$28,234519 01
Toe funds on hand, considered not available for
public purposes, at the commencement as well as
close of the present year, are described particularly
in the statement annexed.
Previous to the close of the year, should Congress
pass any new appropriations which may be imme-
diately expended, an additional charge to that ex-
tent will thus be imposed on 1840; and if amount-
ing to any considerable sum, it might prudently be
accompanied by some provision of new means suf-
ficient for its payment.
III. The condition of the publis debt next de-
mands consideration.
An exhibit of the particulars of it, whether
funded or unfunded, and of the payments made
within the year on account of both, is annexed.
Probably none of the former kind of debt exists
which is due, except what has been forgotten, er
the evidence of it mislaid; as all ever claimed,
whether incurred in the Revolution, or since, has
been promptly discharged. It is fortunate that no
new debt of a permanent character has been re-
cently created by the General Government; and
the undersigned, for reasons formerly explained,
which need not be here repeated, has uniformly
considered it sound policy never to incur one in
time of peace. But it will be recollected that Con-
gress, by an act passed in May, 1836, engaged,
under special conditions, to make payment of a
debt due from the cities of the District of Co-
lumbia to certain individuals abroad.
The principal amounted of $1,500,000, and was
to be paid in yearly instalments of $60,000
each, beginning the 1st of January, 1841. But
the interest was payable quarterly, and, duriag the
last four years, has been regularly discharged by
the Treasury.
Within the past year, notice has bsen received
from the agent of the creditors that payment of the
first and subsequent instalments of the principal is
desired to be made, when due, with punctuality.
To insure a compliance with that wish, it will be
necessary, besides meeting the interest quarterly,
to advance $60,000 of the principal at the com-
mencement of the ensuing year; and the residue
must be paid, in like amounts, annually hereafter,
till the whole is discharged.
The canal stocks, assigned to secure these pay-
ments, can, by the terms of the agreement, be sold
to aid in reimbursing them. But, in the first in-
stance, the money is to be taken from the Treasu-
ry, under existing laws, which appropriate suffi-
cient to discharge all outstanding debts; and a sale,
if able to be made afterwards, must probably be at
a great sacrifice. Congress may therefore, in its
wisdom, think further legislation on the subject
expedient.
This is all the funded debt not due, and like-
wise all of it not paid, except, as before explained,
the inconsiderable portions never yet demandtd.
In respect to the unfunded debt: such small
parts as we¡e created previous to 1837, and still
remain unsatisfied, mu>t, it is presumed, be in
that condition from some accident, which has pre-
vented a ¡equ3st to be made for payment.
Nor has any of it, which was incurred since,
fallen due, wi.hout being discharged whenever
claimed.
The whole balance of the four emissions of Trea-
sury notes made since October, 1837, which was
outstanding on the 1st instant, amounted only to
#4,433,823. This is but $1,675,498 more than at
the close of 1839, notwithstanding ihe great decline
in our revenue since, and the Unexpectedly large
expenditures of old appropriations connected wiih
the Florida war, and the further adjustment of
claims in behalf of Indians.
Had these events not happened, less even than
that amount of nstes would have been issued, and
the Treasury might, with ease, have redeemed
within the year all that were outstanding.
It could have done the same, also, with, most of
them, had Congress, at the last session, passed the
declaratory act concerning the tariff, modified the
system of drawbacks to correspond with the exist-
ing duties, and adopted ¡he propositions made for
graduating the price of the public lands, as well as
forming new land districts.
It must be gratifying to learn, however, that,
though incommoded by the failure of those mea-
sures, and the unexpected circumstances before
enumerated, the Department has been enabled, by
other means under its control, to redeem every note
presented, and to pay, with punctuality, all debts
that have fallen due.
The credit of the General Government has thus
thus been preserved so high, that, instead of sacri-
ficing its securities at large discounts, as in this and
foreign nations some have been compelled to do
with public stocks, the Treasury notes have conti-
nued at par during the year, though never bearing
an interest higher than 5 2-5 per cent, and sub-
ject even to the stoppage of that, after sixty days'
notice.
In fine, on a review of the whole subject, our
situation respecting a public debt of any kind will
be found a most favored one. Regarded as an in-
dication either of the good state of the natisnal
credit, or the ample resources of the General Go-
vernment, or the discreet legislation relative to its
fiscal concerns, it will be difficult to discover many
eras more prosperous in these respects, whether in
the annals of this or any other country.
IV. The exports and imports within the year
ending September 30, 1840, exhibit several striking
peculiarities. While the foreign commerce of the
country constitutes the chief basis ol the revenue
of the General Government, and is indicative of
the extent of cur surplus produce, the statistical re-
turns in relation to the subject must excite constant
attention among statesmen and political economists,
as well as merchants.
The exports during the year are computed to
have been $131,571,950. This amount is
quite $10,543,534 more than in 1839, notwithstand-
ing the reduced price of some of our great staples,
and is larger than ever existed before in our his-
tory.
Of the whole exports, only $17,809,333 were of
foreign origin. This left those of domestic origin
at $113,762,617, being $6,845,937 more than in
any previous year.
The imports during 1840 were about $104,805,891.
This shows the great falling off from the previous
year of $57.236,241. It furnishes, likewise, the
principa ^explanation of the extraordinary diminu-
tion which has occurred in ¡he revenue from cus-
tom?; a diminution, however, which has been
caused, in part, by evasions of the law?, new judi-
cial constructions left uncorrected, and the pay-
ment of too large sums for bounties and drawbacks,
under an omisaion in the existing tariff to reduce
them in a ratio equal to the reduction going on in
the duties.
The difference between our exports and i nports
has usually been in favor of the ¡alter. Several
y.i^rs ago it ranged that way about seven millions
of dolíais annually; but, of lat=, the average has
risen to near twenty millions annually; the excess
of imrortshavini been, in 1836even, $61,316,995,
and in 1839 $41,063,716. Bat dur.'ng 1840, the
extraord.nary occurrence of a reverse in this state
of things has taken place. Such a circumstance as
ihe exports at all exceeding the imports, is believed
to have happened previously only six times since
the Constitution was adopted; and then, never to an
extent beyond $7,916,831. Now, however, with-
out any inflation, and in some important articles
under a contraction of prices, the excess of ex-
ports is not only more than ever was known before,
bui quite threefold greater, being computed to equal
$26,766,059.
This excess having failed to produce the usual
corresponding increase of imports, but, on the con-
trary, having been accompanied by a diminution
never previously equalled in amount, except under
the influence of the embargo in 1808, the whole
matter furnishes another proof of the hazardous
fluctuations in the chief source oí our present reve-
nue, which Congress has been requested so repeat-
edly to guard against by some permanent provision.
It is also a strong illustration of the probability
of the conjecture expressed in the last annual re-
port, -thtt the country had become alarmingly in-
aebted abroad; in part on ordinary mercantile
credit, but chiefly on stocks of corporations and
States.
To meet what would soon be due for interest
alone, it was then supposed would require twelve
or thirteen millions of the exports; and which, in
that event, would of course furnish ne returns in
imports. The same result must follow yearly, till
the old stocks are redeemed, unless new ones can,
for some time longer, be sold; and the difficul-
ty be thus deferred, though merely at the ex-
pense of increasing the whole ultimate indebted-
ness.
But it is a source of great satisfaction to witness
the indications which the unprecedented amount of
exports, during the last four years, has given of the
continued prorperity of the country."
Notwithstanding some depressions in particular
branches of business, or in particular places, the
general prosperity has been snch as to create a
large surplus of products, and to enable us to send
abroad immense and increased values of the m,
however great the complaints have been as to low
prices.
These official records are some of the most au-
thentic tests of truth, amidst contradictory conjec-
tures on topics like these. They show that we have
been able to spare, in exports of domestic produc-
tions during the last four years, quite §408,894,743
in value; while in no previous term of that length,
since the adoption of the Constitution, have they
exceeded $359,447,622. Except in the' last two
series of four years, they have never gone beyond
$239,576,749; or, not two-thirds as high as from
1837 to 1840. The whole tonnage of the country
has also advanced within the four years past,
more than 20,000 tons.
Seldom, indeed, if ever, has the navigating inte-
rest, one of the great exponents of our wealth and
increased commerce, been s  prosperous as with-
in the last twelve months.
It is trae that a portion of the increase in exports
may be attributable to some alteration in the ha-
bits of the community, not connected with additional
wealth.
The disposition in families to rely less on their
own resources, and obtain more by means of mer-
cantile exchanges abroad as well as at home,
has, without doubt, grown more rapidly of lite
years than formerly, and tended to augment both
the imports and exports beyond what the real in-
crease in the amount of products would indicate.
Yet the great excess of exports during the last few
years, over those of previous times, cannot all have
arisen from these circumstances. Granting, bow-
ever, that some of it has; the eonsequences to that
extent, and in another view of the subject, are not
so well calculated to ex:cite gratification. The in-
creased dependence which the change of habits, in
sslling and buying so much more of what is con-
sumed, has occasioned between different countries
and those engaged in different avocations, as well
as the increased credit thus demanded through
many new ramifications, and the greater subjec-
tion thus produced of almost every pursuit to the
evils attendant on fluctuations in prices, on bank
expansions, and revulsions in commerce, have pro-
bably exercised an influence on the events of the
last four years not inconsiderable nor salutary.
Combined with other causes, they must certainly
have tended to effect a wide and unfavorable alte-
ration in public manners; and may, in time, inflict
an injury on the morals and character of the na-
tion, which will more than counterbalance all the
gains in wealth.
V. The estimates of the receipts and expendi-
tures for 1841 next demand attention.
The actual receipts and expenditures in that year
can, of course, be so regulated by Congress,
through new legislation, as to reach nearly any
amount it may deem proper. But the undersigned
can neither increase nor diminish them; inougn a
duty is developed on him, in respect to the subject,
while at the bead of die Treasury, which, hs now
