CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
proceeds to perfoim—of presenting some, opinion
eonesraihg the amounts to which, under the exist-
ing laws, aad the calls of the diflerent departments,
they are likely to attain.
He will farther suggest any geiiA * - rbanges
■Which appear to him expedient, as well at any new
means deemed necessary to meet all the burdens,
which, it is apprehended, may be initwd.
The estimates for the ordinary receipts and ex-
penditures in the ensuing year differ some millions
from what will be actually recev- ^ and expended
in the present one.
It is calculated, however, thai the difference will
be what is always most deskable,—some increase
of the receipts, and a further diminution of the ex-
penditures.
The estimates for the latter, in the present year,
were made less than thuse of 1839; and the results
have corresponded. Indeed, it is a cause of much
gratification that th* expectations heretofore che-
rished, of materially reducing the public burdens,
have been verified to so great an extent. Thus,
the expenses of 1838 fell below those of 1837;
■while the expenses of 1839, notwithstanding the
continuants of the Florida war, were nearly eight
millions below those of 1838; and it is expected
that the expenses of 1840 will be from two to three
millions still lower, or quite ten millions less than
those of 1838.
They would have been nearly twelve millions
less, had not that war continued, and unusually
large payments been made to Indians, under old
appropriations.
It is believed that the ordinary expenses of 1841
ought to fall some millions below these in 1840;
as the pensions have dimimshed by deaths,
fewer Indians remain to be removed, several ex-
pensive public buildings have been mos'ly finished,
and hostilities with the Seminóles must be nearer to
a close.
More details concerning the estimates for the
next year will be proper, and will illustrate the cor-
rectness of some of the preceding results.
It may be stated, from the best data in posses-
sion of this Department, that the receipts, under the
existing laws, will probably be as follows:
Prom customs      .           .           .     $19,000,000
From lands            .           .           .         3,500,000
From miscellaneous          .            .              80 000
Add the expected balance in the
Treasury, available on the 1st of
January next    .           .           .        1,580,855
The aggregate of ordinary means for
the next year would then be           .   24 160 855
There will be noihing more, either of
principal or interest, due from
banks, which is likely to be made
available, except about      .           .       220 000
A power will exist, under the act of
3lst March, 1840, to íauc Treasu-
ry notes till a year from us passage
expires, but not to make the whole
emission outstanding at any one
time exceed five millions of dollars.
This will furnish additional mean ,
equal to the computed amount
which can be issued at ihe close of
the present year, being about         .        343 f!18
Hence, there may be added, from
these several sources, so much as to
make the whole means for the next
^y\ar   x.     L    ,    I           •           •   24,723,473
On the other hand, the expenditures
for 1841 for ordinary purposes, if
Congress make no reduction in the
appropriations requested by the dif-
fereat departments, are estimated
at               •                                       19,250 000
This would leave a balance in the '              ~
Treasury, at the close of the year,
equal to
But certain payments must also be
made on account of the funded and
unfunded debt, unless Congress au-
thorize crmraets to bs formed ior
5,473 473
£.824,273
extending the time of their pay-
ment. Thus, thers will be re-
quired—
On account of ihe funded debt, chiefly
for the cities of tb¡s District            .       §149,200
Por the redemption of Treasury note?,
if all the others be issued which can
be under the present law, as then
the amount returned within A. D.
1841 will probably not exceed       .     4,500,000
$4 649,200
Estimated balance in the Trea-ury at
the close of the next year, after all
payments whatever
Thus it will be seen that if the whole of these
charges, both ordinary and extraordinary, should be
required to be extinguished in 1841, the estimated
means will be sufficient for that purpose, but may
not, besides, leave so large a balance n ihe Trea-
sury as is convenient and U'eful. Tt-e le^t mide
of obviating any difficulty which ra'ght a>ise fr m
that circumstance will soon be considered by itself.
For some further general view of the ground  of
the estimate of the expenditures for lu41, it will be
necessary to advert a few momenta to ¡he n¿w and
old appropriations from which those expenditures
ars to be made.
The new one', proposed by the different De-
partment tor the service of 1841, amoant to
#16,621,520 28.
Viz: Civil, diplomatic, and miscella-
neous     .... $3,450,740 13
Military    ....    7,725,440 04
Naval        ....    5,415,33921
Besides these, certain permanent appropnstiens
under existing laws will become chirgeabU' on the
Treasury durii g the next year, m sums as fol-
lows:
For ordinal y purposes.
Military       ....       §864,000
For other purposes.
Public debt, including  interest and
first  instalment   lor the  District
of Columbia         .           .           .          149,200
Redeeming Treasury notes  .           .        4,500,000
These would make the new charges, for ordina-
ry purposes, under both new and permanent appro-
priations amount to $17,485,550 28 But, in-
cluding the pubhc debt and the redemption of
Treasury notes, these charges would be «129,131,-
720 28.
It will be perceived, therefor?, that the npgTgate
of actual expenditures during 1841 has been com-
puted to be #1,764*480 higher than the estimated
amount of new and permanent appropriations.
This is done not only because some small over-
sights have doubtless occurred in the Lifer, and
uoavoidab'e omissions, as will be ^een by the
notes, but some new private bills, granting money,
may be passi d by Congress, and a greater propor-
tion of the ouWandms: appropriations at the end of
1840 (though reduced as much as thiee or four
millions less than at the end of 1839) may be ex-
pended in 1841, than will bslift unexpended of the
new charges imp sed. These last uo Hems ate
usually computed 10 equM each other. The De-
partments calculate that $6,66!,"¡23 of the old ap-
propr atiors will be required to complete the pur-
poses originally contemplated by them.
They propose only to apply about ^3,719,004 of
them to ¡he service of ths ensnipg }err, wi hcut re-
appropnation; and the residue, smoar.ung to
$133,878, it is expected will go to the sur; lu« laid
They 4sum i* ti e whole of mem at tneclose 0* the
year to be §10,549,905.
VI. A fetv mine expirations of othsr grounds
for ihe est rnat s of receipts and expenditures for
the next >ear may le useful.
it wia be noticed that the e-tima'es for bch fie
founded principally on the existirg Jaws. Siould
Congress, therefore, plter the tariff, so as to in-
crease or reduce the duties, the expec.ed amount of
receipts must of couise be varied m that riopor-
tton.                                                          l    r
So it must be if Congress makes any essential
ehangj in respect to the public lands and Plther
passes a graduation bill, and creates new land dis-
tricts in which surveys are ready f&r large sales, as
this would increase the immediate receipts; or if,
on the other hasd, it should distribute the proceeds
of the sales among the States, as that would dimi-
nish the revenue applioable to tbepurposei of the
General Government, and render a 'resort to new
taxation, an increased tariff, or a loan, indispensa-
ble, to the extent of the distribution.
The estimates of the recpipta from customs have
been l"j.sened somewhat, because the importation
of certain articles paying a duty will, in 1841, be
partially postponed to 1842, in consequence of the
gieat reduction in the tariff on them which will
taka place in the latter year under the existing
laws.
So have they been on account of the greater pro-
portionate bounties aad drawbacks which are now
returr.ed on several articles, and some beneficial
operation anticipated fr m the Independent Trea-
sury in checking speculation.
Oa the contrary, tre revu'&ions in business
which have occurred s,nce t'ne middle of 1839, and
deeply affected the revonue of some other countries
as well as our own, and the protrae'ed suspension
of specie payments by many of ihe ¡>anks, which
has cnnUnued over a large part of the United States
since Octebcr in that year, will probably term.nate
soon, by the salutary reaction ot great commercial
principle?; and that event must be accompanied by
a considerable increase of imports and duties.
The amount 0! the latter, therefore, has been esti-
mated higher than the ?c'ual receipts in the pre-
sent jear, but cot so high as they were in 1839 by
about two millions, nor so h>gh es rrany anticipate
they will be. Butift-ie banks do not speedily re-
sume, it i« lo be f-f 13d that 'he estima e will prove
larger, instead of smaller, than events will verify.
Tue revenue from lanis must continue to be
lower under the prespnt la'vs th'n might otherwise
be expected, because that p rtion of the vast sales
in 1835 ami 1836 which were made to speculators,
must for some years longer come into the maiket
111 competition with the Government, and the emi-
gration to Texas, as well as the continuance of the
suspens on of specie payments by the banks over
much of ihe West and Southwest, is likely to ope-
ra'c injuriously somewhat lunger, thovgh probably
with a force much diminished.
In respect to ihe estimates for expenditures, it
need only be observed here, that any considerable
addition m\de by Congress to the new appropria-
tions called for, would rtqu re a prevision ol fur-
ther u ean-, to meet them, corresponding in amount;
and any diminution in thosj a^propr ations would
also rcduc, in a similar manner, ihs amount of
mears otherwise necessary.
VII. It 1? prop-r to advert next to the best mode
of avoiding any i-icqo l'ity be'i/eep the anticipated
receip's and cxpendituies, either in 1341 or 1842.
It ha.s already been shown that t'.e whole amount-
of re-e'ptsin 1841 will p obably be sufficient to
discharge allordmaiy expenditures, and those parts
of the ouls'acd'n* del!, funded or unfunded,
which may become du<= But the preservation of
asbit?b'e bahnee in the Treasury may require
rapre than what vallprcb'b'y be leíí after satisfy-
ing other purposes. The rai-icg of any s-umfor
thaf object in J841 could, hove.-er, be obviated by
authorizing a cert-act to re m de, under proper
restriction;, extern mg tne period of payment for a
portion ot tlvMem; orary habilites lading due in
that }ea". Ye*, in the op'nu n of Lie undersigned,
the b'-t ¡rioie of p ovuhng for this case woald b=,
without e tner an extension ot tlis ¡end, or a loan,
ora lurthcriosue 01 Treasury nous, or a change
in the tariff, hot merelv by 1 -s eaing the appropri-
ations for tl e sc-v ce of 1841 below the estimates,
or by passing such dec'a-Hory clauses as to the
present tariff, anl sash acts a- to the public ¡and ,
ns have heretofore been argtd on ihe consideration
of Congress,
The arguments ii fa /or of some further di-
minution in our  7VM.ditur<s snd t'e general
items in wh'th the iMVotion is cons.d red most
compatible ,-)ti) the rubhc 1 .iu;«ts, were .so fully
exhibited 11 he ¡a-,t two anntidl icpurts as to render
a repet.t'O'i oí ilviu nnneceo-arj.
it -va- ¡h°n beaded that the >avs could bi alter-
