10                                                CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
jects possess much importance in a fiscal view, and
every year's experience has strengthened the con-
viction of the usefulness of early aetion upon
them.
It affords me pleasure to state that, since the last
sesdon, the Neapolitan Government, under lUtrea-
ty of Indemnity, has paid promptly another instal-
ment, which this Department has been enabled to
have remitted home early, and distributed among
the claimants.
The situation of the General Land Office, and
its operations within the year, will be submitted se-
parately in a few days.
Six old land districts have been recently discon-
tinued, under the act cf June 12, 1840. It is be-
lieved that some others might economically and use-
fully be abolished by Congress, though not coming
within the provisions ot that law. Such is the
office at Greensburg,j Louisiana. One district in
Indiana, including the capital of the State, is
thought, from its peculiar positi.-n, to require spe-
cial legislation to exempt it from the operation of
the late act.
This occasion is taken, also, to renew the recom-
mendations, before presented by this Department to
Congress and the appropriate committees, for the
discontinuance of certain officers now employed m
the collection of duties, whose further services, it
has been believed, could be safely dispensed with,
in consequerce of the reduction in business of late
years at tbs different places where they are station-
ed. They include some collectors and naval offi-
cers, and several surveyors, amounting in all to
eighteen, but whose offices cannot be abolished
without new legislation.
All the subordinate custom-house officers, which
it is competent for this Department, without such
legislation, to dispense with, and whose situation
was in other respects similar, have already been
discontinued, mc'udirg, within two years, more
than fifty officers, and, besides those, five vessels and
boats, with neatly one hundred men, in the cutter
service. In abcmt forty other cajes, the compensa-
tion of officers and light-house keepers has been re-
duced.
X. In closing this last annual report of the un-
dersigned, it may be expected that he would ad-.
vert, for a moment, to the general character of
some of our financial operations during the period
of his connection with the Treasury Depaittnent.
Though employed in different Executive offices
nearly ten years, he has been connected with the
Treasury only from six to seven of them.
During this term there has occurred much to
evince the great fiscal power, as well as prosperity
of the Union. Some reverses have, at times, over-
taken the rashness displayed by patts of the com-
munity in certain branches business, and have ox-
tended their adverse influences to the revenue de-
pendent upon them. But the period and the coun-
try, as a whole, have been almost unexampled in
prosperous development.
Thus, in respect to our receipts. Notwithstand-
ing the unusual revulsions m imports on two occa-
sions, so sensibly lessening the revenue; notwith-
standing any losses sustained in those crises, by the
Government, through effrVrs, banks, or merchants;
and notwitistanding tii« biennial reduction in the
duties, which has by law been constantly going
on, as well as tbe remission of several mil ions
to railroal corporations, and under new judicial
constructions; yet our condition has been so
flourishing, as to yitld a levenue daring thdt
time sufficient, after all those deductions, to ac-
complish the following important results. It has
enabled the Treasury to meet the current expendi-
tures oí the Government, as well as the extraordi-
nary ones by Indian wars, ireatie?, and other costly
measures, and, without imposing any new taxes,
or higher tariff, and without any new funded debt
wha'ever, but extinguishing considerable remains
of the old one, and paying the interest on tint as-
sumed for this;District,to save the unprecedented sur-
plus of more ihan t.venty-eight millions of dol-
lars, and deposue the same with the States for
safe keeping till needed by the General Govern-
ment.
Tne only permanent aid in effecting this, beyonl
the receipts, from trdmary soutces, has teen the j
debt due from the United States Bank, of about eight
millions, and the Treasury notes now outstanding,
equal to nearly four and a half millions. But dur-
ing that period, a sum not far from the first amount
has been applied to the discharge of the principal
and interest of the old funded debt; so that, to-
wards the payment of all other expenses, only be-
tween four and five 'millions, beyond what was
temporary, and what has already beet  refunded or
adjusted, have been received from any extraneous
source whatever.
It follows, therefore, that the current revenue,
notwithstanding all reductions, has been adequate
to defray both the ordinary and extraordinary de-
mands, and, afier taking from what is deposited
with the States, sufficient to extinguish every kind
of indebtedness created on accouat of the General
Government during the same period, to,leave on
hand the large balance of nearly twenty-four mil-
lions.
It is true that the available sums in the Treasury
at the commencement and close of the period m
question will probably prove different in amount;
but if made equal, a surplus would still be left,
which is likely to exceed seventeen or eighteen mil-
lions of dollars.
Beside this recorded evidence cf the prospeiity
of the country and the fiscal ability of the General
Government in those years, it is gratifying, amidst
many misapprehensions' concerning the subject, to
rrfleet on another circumstance connected with our
financial operations, which has also become matter
of history. It is this: Trmugh destitute of the aid
of a United States Bank asa fiscal agent during that
period, and baffled by various unremedied imper-
fections in the laws connected with the finances, as
well as embarrassed by two suspensions of specie
payments by many of the Stats banks—one still
continuing; yet the Treasury has been able to make
its vast collections, transfers, and payments, with
promptitude, and in moat cases with specie or its
equivalent.
Some correct judgment can be formed of the ex-
tent and d'ffisuliy of there operations, when it is
recollected that the whole sums which have thus
been collected, without deducting fractions, added
to those sums whieh have been paid over chiefly
by another class of (fivers, have exceeded
the extraordinary aggregate of $360 000,000,
and been dispersed over a territory of nearly
two million -.quare miles in extent. It is, more-
over, ascertained that the whole losses within
the same time by defaults, large and small, and
in ad kind-, of offices, will probably not equal
half of one per cent, on that amount; and how-
ever offnial delinquencies may, in seme cases,
have inevitably been aggravated by the unpre-
cedented speculations of the times, and by
great revulsions and failures among banks
and individuals, those losses will not be one-fourth
so large, in proportion to the amounts collected and
paid, as in some previous terms, when the system -
under a United States Bank was in full operation.
A few words may be proper as to the expendi-
tures dunrg the same peuod. Though they were
of neeei<i'y augmented by some of the circum-
stances before merit c.td, two Indian treaties only
out of a largs number, having already involved us
in the expense of n arly twenty-three millions of
dollars; yet the aggr gate of all has been much re-
duced since the influences of those causes and the
impulses of an overflowing Treasury have dimi-
nisned. The expenditures have fallen yearly since
1837, till they are now only twenty-two and a half
m ¡¡ions independent of any deot and trusts, and
are supposed to be m prcgrejs to a still lower
amount.
The undersigned has earnestly urged a more rapid
reduction. He has has considered the great safe-
guard agtinst a too splendid cenital government,
which would constantly thieaten to overshadow all
State independence, and a' tract the ambition of most
of the friends of State Rights from humb'er paths of
frugality and principle into the dazzling vortex of
higher patron?ge, honors, and emoluments. While
the stimulants to excesses shall continue to lessen,
nothing wiii be necesssary to insure the further suc-
cess of an economical policy, but perseverance m
retrenchments, wherever they are practicable with 
out injury to the pnblic interests. The removals of
Indians being mostly finished, and the chief
causes of frontier wars extinguished, unless new
objects of expenditure be selected, or a great en-
largement given to some already existing, the
whole amount must, of necessity, contract hereafter
very rapidly. The same result will be further
promoted by the deaths ,>of pensioners, increasing
through advanced age, and the completion of many
public work?, as well as by persisting in a firm po-
licy to avoid the wasteful expense of unnecessary
foreigu collisions, and to refiatn from those lavish
expenditures for certain domestic objects, over
which the jurisdiction of the General Government
is often questionable, and which always open the
widest door to extravagance, favoritism, and cor-
ruption.
One of the greatest evils to the public service, as
well as to the security of private business, daring a
part of the above period, has consisted in the fluc-
tuations to which both have been subjected.
With only a single year- intervening, and with-
out any material change in the tariff, or any what-
ever in the price of the public land-, we have seen
tne revenue from ordinary sources suddenly vary
from nearly fifty millions annually to eighteen; and,
on two occasions sine, vibrate to the extraordi-
nary extent of nearly eight and eleven millions
yearly.
The transactions of individuals upon which our
revenne depends, must, of course, have undergone
an unusual change at the same time.
The imports fell within two years, in the case
first referred to, from near one hundred and ninety
millions to one hundred and fourteen; and in the
single year just passed, fell almost sixty millions.
Such inflations and contractions must be destruc-
tive of all confidence in calculations for the future,
while the causes of them shall continue to operate
unremedied.
What were those causes 1
They will be found to have been chiefly connect-
ed with the abuses of banking. On the occasion
first referred to, they were the superabundance
of a fictitious medium of circulation, with the at-
tendant overtrading and speculations in 1836, and
the consequent suspensions of specie payments in
1837, as well as the disasters and scarcity of any
medium till the latter part of A. D. 1838. Then
another expansion commenced, extending into
1839, and accompanied by another mcreare in im-
ports of nearly fifty millions, which ended again in
the contractions by banks, suspensions, and com-
mercial reverses, which have suddenly reduced the
imports of 1840 more than one-third, and in many
places augmented seriously the embarrassmsntsbe-
fore exiting from similar vacillations in the paper
currency.
How far some imprudences abroad, at the same
time, similar to these, though in a country enjoying
any advantages which can result from a National^
Bank, may have augmented ihe evils here, by
means ofihe intimate moneyed relations between
us, need not now be di .cussed, though probably
their iniluence was large a-.d unfavorable.
The causes firat coined were, likewise, in full
operation hue in IslG and 1817, and were suc-
ceeded by many ui ihe same deploiable conse-
quences in JS19 and 1820. One followed tie
o'her as inevitably 2s the ebb of the tide succeeds
ib flood.
Tne great principles of trade can never be long
vula'ed vnh impt,nnj, and any fictitious or unna-
tural exce-s of eredii soon ends m revulsions, as Ihe
essence of legitimate c ram nee consis's in an ex-
change cf values for each oiher, or of values for
wnat truly represen s value.-, and can be readily
converted into them.
All business otherwise becomes a mere game of
hazard; speculation mu t enter into every affair of
life; r.chesand poverty v.ill te dependent on the
merest bubbles, prices will change oftener than the
wmd; regularity in receipts and expenditures be
impossible; estimates for the future, whether in
public or pnva'e maltei% become mere conjectures;
tariffs requite yearly alteration to meet the fluctua-
tions of bu-iness; and the community be kept un-
der the constant excitement and depression of the
hot and cold fi't, oi a violent lever.
