«dueation. received m this country, and he visited
some of the most famous places in Europe
in the anxious pursuit of knowledge, and for
the improvement of his health. Some time after his
return from Europe, he was m 1838 elected to the
26ih Congress, and iu 1840 was again returned by a
generous and enlightened constituency to the 27th
Congress. But, alas t he is now no more—he died
a high minded and honorable man.
Without making further remarks, I ask the
House to pay the cjistomary tribute of respect to
the memory of a deceased member, by adopting the
resolutions which I hold in my hand, and now send
to the Chair.
Resolved, That the members of this House will
testify their respect for the memory of William
Sterrett Ramsey, by wearing crape on the left
*im for thirty days.
Resolved, That this House do now adjourn.
I  The above resolutions were then adopted,
And the House adjourned until to-morrow at 12
o'clock.
IN SENATE,
Toesdat, December 15,1840.
The PRESIDENT snomitied a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, enclosing a
communication from F. R. Hassler, fie superin-
tendent of the coast survey and the construction of
weights and measures, showing the progress maf'e
therein, which was-laid on ihe table,
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, in compliance with the act for the relief of insol-
vent debtors, which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the petit,on of Wal-
ter Loomis and Abel Gay, which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of General Joseph M. Hernan-
dez; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Also, the petition of Gad Humphreys, which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of Philip Weaddeman, which
was referred to the Committee on Claims
Also, the petition of Malachi Hagan, which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of the heirs of John J. Bulow,
deceased; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. HUBBARD also offered the following reso-
lution, which was considered and agr< ed to-
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of grant-
ing a pension to John McNeil for wounds received
during the last war.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
William W. Chew, Secretary of Legation at St.
Petersburg; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ANDERSON presented the petition of Cle-
ments, Bryan and Company, which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of De
Forest Mamce; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. PRESTON presented the petition of Charles
Howe, wh ch was referred to the Cominuee of
Claims.
Mr. FULTON presented the memorial of mem-
bers of the Legislature of Arkansas, prayiig for
the establishment of a mail route in the counties of
Monroe, Francis, and Jackson; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of the E'htor
of the Farmer's Register, praying for the reduction
of postage on periodicals; whieh was referred to
the Committee on the Past Office and Post Road .
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented the petition of
citizens of Madison county, Alabama, praying for
the establishment of a mail route; which was re-
ferred to the Commi^ee'bn the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Abo, the petition of George Turaley, of Che"
CONGRESSÍO&ÁL &ÍOBE.
rokee county, Alabama, which was referred to the
Committee on the Publ c Lands.
Mr. C. also gave notice that, on to-morrow, he
wou'd ask leave to introduce a bill for the reLef of
the Selma and Tennessee Railroad Company.
On motion by Mr. FULTON, so much of the
President's annual message as relates to the Post
Office and post roads was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, the petitions of
Thankful Reynolds, of the widow of John Vance,
of Huldafe Tucker, of Samuel Collins, of Lucy
Eaton, widow of John Bennett, of John R. Mid-
winter, and of Joseph Bassett, now on the files of
the Senate, were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the petition and pa-
pars of Francis A Dickms, now on file, were re-
ferred to the Comimtte on the Judiciary.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of inhabi-
tants of the counties of Lake, Henry, and Boone,
for a mail route, which was reierred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TALLMADGEpressnted the petition of the
heirs of Henry Eckford, which was referred to the
Committee on Naval AfFairs.
Mr HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred
The bill for the relief of George W. Paschal, and
Trie bill to establish a Beard of Commissioners
to hear and determine claims against the United
States;
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on the
Public lands, to which was referred
A bill granting to the State of Michigan a quan-
tity of land to aid said State in the construction of
a canal around the Falls of Ste Mane; and
A bill to create an addi íonal land office m the
State of Michigan, and for o'hsr purpose*;
reported the sime without amendment.
Mr CL^Yof Alabama, from the Committee
on the Public Lands, to which were refeired
A bill to relmqish to the State of Alabama the
two per cent fund reserved by the act for her ad-
mission into the Union, to be applied to the making
"1 of a road or roads leaJmg to said State;
?     A bill to establish an additional land district in
the State of Alabama;
A bill for the relief of William Jones;
A bill for the relief of certain settlers on the pub-
lic lands, who were deprived of the benefits of the
act granting pre-emptu a rights, which was ap-
proved on the 19 h of June, 1834,
A bill to grant o Ik r 1 nds iu the inhabitants of
townships deprived of the 16'h section by Indian
reservations, and|
A bill to relinquish the revers onary interest of
the United States to a certain reservation m the
State of Alabama,
severally reported the sanie without amendment
Mr FULTON, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which were refer ed
A bill in íelation to donations of land to certain
persons in the State of Arkansas,
A bill to quiet the titles oí certain land claimants
m the States of Missouri and Arkansas, and for
other purposes,
A bill to settle the title to certain tracts of land
in the State of Arkansas,
A bill to authorize the inhabitants of township
eight north, range tmrtvtwo wesf, ¡n the S'ate of
Arkansas, to enter a section of tend in lieu of the
sixteenth section in said township, upon condition
that the same is surrendered to the United States
for military purposes;
A bill authorizing t'-e inhabitants of fractional
township ten south, of range one e?st, m the State
of Arkansas, to enter one half secaon of land for
school purposes,
A bill for the relief of James Smith of Ar-
kansas, and
A bill for the relief of sundry citizens of Arkan-
sas, who lost their improvements m consequence
of a treaty between the United States and tb.3
Choctaw Indians;
severally reported the same without amendment.
Mr. SEVIER gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce
\ i  •      ----------    ------------------------------------------------------------—=
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy;
A bill for the relief of Richard T. Banks;
A bill making appropriations for the removal of
the raft in Red River;
A bill to authorize the Legislature of the State
of Arkansas to sell the lands heretofore appropria-
ted for the use of schools in tha  State; and
A bill to revive the act entitled "An act to ena-
ble claimants to lands within the limits of Missouri
and the Territory of Arkansas, to institute proceed-
ings to try the validity of their claims," approved
the 26 h of May, 1S24, and an act amending the
same, and extending the provision; of said act to
claimants to lands within the States of Louisiana
and Mississippi.
Mr CLAY of Alabama, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to introducá
A bill for the relief of Jamec Walker, and
A btll for the relief of the legal representatives of
Colin Bishop;
which were severally read twice, and referred te
the Committee on the Post Offiee and Roads.
Mr. C. also, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Jubal B. Hancock; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of previous notice,
obtained leave to wuoduceabill to refund to Noah
Miller and others part of the proceeds of the sale of
the British sloop Mary and cargo, which were cap-
tured by them, and libelled and sold for the benefit
of the United States; which,with accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice float to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
the Plumb Island Bridge Company.
Mr CALHOUN, m pursuance of previous no-
tice, a«ked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of the heirs of Jchn Da Treville, de-
ceased; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
Mr. WILLIAMS, m pursuance of previous no-
tice, a^ked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
provide for the settlement of the claim of the State
of Mame for the services of her militia; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Mi-
litary Affairs.
Mr. W. also, on leave, introduced a bill to regu-
late the pay and„ emoluments of pursers of the
navy, and
A bill to regulate and establish the navy rat'ori;
which was severally read twice, and referred to
the Commit'ee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, in pursuance of previ-
ous not ce, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill for the relief of the legal representatives of Col.
Francis Vigo, which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, a bill to regúlale the land offices in the
State of Indiana, and for other purposes, which was
read twice, and referred to t'ie Committee on the
Public Lands.
Also, a bill to authorize the Mount Carmel
and New Albany Railroad Company to enter on a
credit a quantity of land, to aid the company in
the construction of a railroad from New Albany, in
the State of Indiana, to Mount Carmel, m the State
of Illinois, and for other purposes; which was read
twice, aad referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. NORVELL, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to m'roduce a bill
authorizing the President of the United States to
cause cer ain surveys io be made, which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. TAPPAN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtamed lea'.e to introduce a joint reso-
lution, propesmgan amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, so as to limit the term of
office of the judges of the supreme and inferior
courts thereof
Mr. ANDERSON gave notice that to-morrow
he would a* leave to introduce a bill to amend an
act enu led "An act to authorize the State of Ten-
nessee to issue grants and perftct titles to certain
lands therein described, and to settle the claims to
the vacant and unappropriated lands within the
same," passed the 18th day of April, 1806,
