ed as a test of the popu'anty of this measure, the
Senator himself will, and must admit, that the peo-
ple of New Hampshire have expressed a most
undoubted opinion in its favor, for the majo-
rity in tbatState, friendly to this Administration, is
one hundred per cent, greater now than it was at
the last contested election m 1838.
I cannot doubt, no member of this Senate, no
citizen of this country, has a right to doubt, that
the Independent Treasury act which passed at the
last session of Congress, and which is now the
law of the land, and m successful operation, is to
be made the subject of attack by the next adminis-
tration. This purpose is avowed distinctly by the
Senator from Kentucky. And although we are
without any official promulgation of this intent
from htm who has been elected to preside over tins
nation, yet it comes to us in no questionable shape
It is avowed by (he very man whom the President
-elect has recently declared (if I read the journals
of the times correctly) is more worthy ot the place
than himself It i>, therefore, fair to infer that the
Senator speaks like one having authon'y. I shall
not be here, but able and efficient friends will be
ready to take care of this great measure Let all
prepare for the contest. Then, and not till then-
will this battle be fought with any prospect of sue
cess The present movement cannot succeed, in
my judgment.
The Senator from Kentucky «ays that there is
no practical difference in the management of our
fiscal concerns under the fcub-Treasury system,
and under that system which existed an*enor to
the coming in of this Administration. It may be
so, but, if the fact be as stated, those charged with
the execution of the law are greatly in fault, and
should be held answerable for any departure from
the line of their official duty. But, sir, I greatly iris-
take the sequel of the times—I greatly misjudge the
indications of popular feeling, if there is not an
increasing sentiment favorable to this Sub-Treasuiy
policy. And if the new Administration design no-
thing more than the repeal of this measure, their
anticipated security in the confidence and support of
the community v 11 fail them The Senator has
appealed to me for mformntion as to the manner of
executing this Treasury scheme. Mr President, I
may not hve quite as remote from one ot these Re-
ceivers General as the Senator himself, and, unlike
him, I have no wi*h to live more remote One
thing I bel eve ss much as I believe m my exist-
ence—that he who is charged with the execution of
this act at Boston does not disregard its provisions
m practice. I know him well and, knowing him
as I do, I should be «low to believe that the Re
ceiver General at that point fails to carry into full
effect the letter of the Independent Treasury act
If he does, sir, I can assure the Senator from Ken-
tucky the fact is unknown to me The knewn
fidelity of that officer ¡s a sure guarantee
that    his    whole    duty    will     be    performel
The Senator from Kentucky has seen fit
to alinde toa recent e'ection in my on State—
why, or wherefore, I cannot tell I s connection
■with the question before us I do not readily discover
What it has to do with the adoption of his resolu-
tion I am unable to cec Bat, sir, if the Senator
has adverted to that ccenrience—to the result of
thn election—m the beh f thai it has led to any in-
terruption of the fntnd'y relat ons which have
hitherto ex sted between the di tmgmshed individual
who now presides over the fiscal department of our
Government and mj s°lf, he is entue'y mistaken He
has spoken of my readmc-son all occasions to defend
that officer and his reasuies—and he has b°en
pleased to add tna I have defended hioi "w to great
ability and wi h great eicquence " Sit, it has been
my fortune, since I have been a member of this Se-
nate, to hear attacks frequently made upon the
Secretary of the Treasury by the Senator and his
friends. Against those attacks I have defended
him, and successfully defended him , but my sac-
cess was to be attribu ed to the merit of the de-
fence, and not to any parlieu ar ability
of his defender. It is true that, for a lorg time,
there has betn kept up an unre erved mtimacy
between that offer and myself; and a more faith-
ful, intelligent, and industrious officer, has not been
conneeted with the Government danng us contmu
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
anee. Tbe administration of the department
over wnich he ha* so long and so ably presided
in the worst of times; the difficulties and discou-
ragement which he has experienced in the perform-
ance of his official duties, and which he has so
triumphantly overcome, the present state and
condition of that Department, show to 'he world
that the attacks which have been so gratuitously
made upon that officer, are without founda ion.
It is true, sir, that an election has recently been
made by the Legislature of out native State, and
that election has resulted in eleva mg to the office
of United States Senator the individual to whom I
have refened The people of my State had given
a triumphant vote in favor of Mr Van Buren's ad-
ministration That administration had been defeated
Dy the decision of the American people No man had
been more devoted to, or identified with, the Admi-
nistration, than the individual now at the head of
the Treasury Departmen* No man n the coun-
tiy is better prepared to defend the measures and
to carry out the policy of that Administration than
the Secietary himself And from the avowal
which has been made on this foor this day, it must
be matter of gratulation and pnde to the people of
my own State and of the co tntry, that he will be
here ready to meet the Senator from Kentucky,
face to face, ,n defending his favon'e measure
against the ass?ults of it-, enemies. Sir, I have no
cau«e to co-irpiain, reither of the successful candi-
date nor of my own people I know full well the
considerations which induced the result—considera-
tions honorable to my own State and sa isfactory to
myself. And if I should never discover any other
evidence of the ingratitude of the Secretary, or of
the defection of my own people, I should not be
disturbed by any pri"ate grief The Senator will
find it somewhat d ffioult to satisfy mv mind that I
have been defeated by my fuei d , ?rd that the re-
sult ot that election has fnJ^d, m u t, ' yitest de-
gree, to lessen me in the estimation of the people of
my native Stite
Mr. ALLEN then mcred to amend the resolu-
tion, by striking out all after the word "resolved,"
and insert tbe following
"That the financial policy established at the origin
of this Government, by the first acta of its legisla-
tion, and especially by the 30th section of the 'Act
to regulate the collection of duties, &' ' approved
by President Washington, July 31st, 1789, and by
the 4th section of the 'Act to establish the Trea-
sury Department, &c' approved by Pres dent
Washington, September 2 ', 17S9, was ij strict con-
formity to the fundamental pnnc pies of th* Consti-
tution
"Resolved, That, by a iong series of subsequent
acts tending to the great detriment of the public
welfare, that policy had been departed from, and
was, by tbe 'Act to provide for the collection, safe-
keeping, transfer, and disbursement of the public
revenue,' appioved by Piesident Van Buren, July
4, 1840, fully restored, and ought to be adhered to,
and therefore
"Resulted, Tnatthe Government ought to collect
no moie taxes from the people, either diractly
or índiref'y, than are abio'ute y necessary to an
economical admimstrat on of its affairs.
"Besohed, That 11  taxes paid by the people
ought no* to be lent oui by ihe Government to in-
dividuals or to corporations
' ¡leselved, That the uxes so pail by the people
ought not to be pifced by the Government in the
custody of agents who aie not made by the Consti-
tjt on and ihe lav.s ie--por.& ble to the people
Resolved, That in the uersac if n of its own af
ii rt, the Governrntnt ought to receive and to ten-
d,"inpa)me t as m nej, n< hmg but hat which
s made a legal tender by the C n «-titut on "
On motion by Mr WEBoTER, the lesolutioa
v as laid on the iable, afd the substituí was or-
dered to b« printed
And tne Senate adjourred
H0U33 OP REPRESENTATIVES
Tuesday, Drfembu 15, 1840
After the j jornal had b«"-n read,
Mr JONES, from ti e Committee of Ways and
Means, on leave introduced a bill making an ap-
propriation in part for tbe support of fJove..anent
for the year 1841; which was read twice ana refer-
red to a Comnnttae of the Whole on the  state of
the Union.                                                  i
On motion of Mr. JONES, the House then re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on thei
state of the Union, Mr Bmaas in the Chair, sai
took up the above bill.                                           t
Mr. CUSHING said he had occasion, a few days
ago, to occompany a friend—a messenger from one-
of ths electoral colleges—to the Treasury Depart 
ment, who went there to settle his accounts, as pro-
vided for under a regulation of Cengress. His
friend was informed by the First Auditor that no
payment could be made unta an appropriation
should be made by Congress. Mr. C. "would in-
quire whether now would not be the time to make
an amendment to the bill for this object.
Mr. J W JONES said he had had no interview
with the Secretary of the Treasury on the subject.
He could not see why any portion of the amount
could be appropriated to that object; the subjects
mentioned in the bill being wholly distinct.
Mr CUSBING then moved to amend the bill by
add ng thereto an additional section providing for
the payment of the messengers who may convey to
the seat of Government the electoral votes given ra
the several States for President and Vice President
of fhe United States
Mr. J. W JONES suggested to the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether it would not be proper
to have the amount specified in the detailed state 
ments furnished by the Secretary of the Treasury 
at $12 000, in place of $29,000, to pay the ex-
penses of bnngiag to the seat of Government the
votes for President and Vice President of the United
States
Mr CUSHING acquiesced in the suggestion.
The question then being on the amendment to
the bill, it was agreed to, without a count.
Mr JONES, in reply to an objection made by
Mr. Stanly to the item of $100 000 for stationery,
remarked that the committee, in filling up the blank
with the sum in question, had not inserted the whole
amount estimated by the Clerk of the Ho^se,
which was $150,000 They therefore imagined
there would be no difficulty, at this period of the
session, in obtaining an appropriation of JIOO.,000
for that object, being but one-half the amount ap*
propnated at the last session of Congress, and more
especially as the contingent fund of the House was
now entirely exhausted
On motion r f Mr J the committee then rose, ana
reported the bill, as amended, to the House.
The amendment was then concurred in, and the
bill, ps amended, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. BRIGGS called the attention-of the House
to an error he had discovered in document No. 3,
being the annual estimate of the Secretary of the
Treasury of ths Treasury He was desirous that
the error should be corrected before the copies or-
dered by the House should be printed.
After some debate, of a desultory character, as
to whether the error originated in the Treasury De-
partment or with ths printer, the Clerk was direct-
ed to have the proper correction made.
Mr PETRIKIN, at his request, was excused
from song as a member of the Committee on
FuMio Buildings and Grounds.
Mr HAND, m pursuance of notice given on
Thursday last, asked and obtained leave to intro.
duce a bill to establish a uniform rule of naturaliza 
iiop, an i to repeal all acts heretofore passed on that
sut jec , which v. as read twice
Mr II then moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole, and printed.
At. \ ' e question being first on the reference,
Mr BARNARD demanded the yeas and nays,
which we e ordered, &&d(being taken, were, yeas
06  ayv99
YEAS—Messrs Judson Allen, Anderson, Ather-
ton, Banl s, Beirne, Biackwell, Brewster, Aaron V.
Brown, Albert G. Brown, Carr, Casey, Chapman,
Clifford, Conno-, Mark A Cooper, William R.
Cooper, Cra g, Crary, Cross, Dana, Davee, John
D^vis, D ckerson, Doan, D ug, Duncan, Earl, Eas*-
va.n, Flv, Fine, Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, Gal-
braitn, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, John
Hastings, Micajah T. Hawkins, John Hill of N. G.
Hook, D&vid Hubbard, Jackson, Joseph Johnson,
