24
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W.Jones,
Keim, Kille, Leadbetier, Leet, Leonaid, Lowell,
Lucas, McClellan, McCulloeh, Mallory, Mar-
chand, Medill, Montanya, Montgorsery, Samuel
W. Morns, Newhard, Parmenter, Parris, Paynter,
Peinkin, Pickens, Prentrs., Reynolds, Rives, Ed-
ward Rogers, Ryall, Samuel, Shaw, Albert Smith,
John Smitb, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Strong,
Sumter, Sweanngen, Sweney, Taylor, Philip P.
Thomas, Turney, Vanderpoel, Vroom, David D.
Wagener, Watterson, Weiler, Wick, Jared W.
Williams, Henry Williams, and Wortbwg'on—96.
NAYS—Messrs.Adams,Aliord. J.hn W.Allen,
Andrews, Baker, Barnard, Bell, Boardman, Bnggi,
Brockway, Sampson H. Butler, William 0. But-
ler, C?lhoun, William B. Campbell, Carrol!, Car-
ter, Chitm, Chittenden, Clark, James Cooper,
Crabb, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cashing, John
W. Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson, Dennis, Deliet,
Edward, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Fletcher, Gar-
land, Gentry, Giddings, Gosgin, Goode, Graham,
Granger. Grinnell, Habersham, Hall, William S.
Hasting?, Hawes, Henry, Hoffman, Hopkins,
Hiram P. Hunt, Francis James, Charles Johnston,
Kempshall, Lane, Lincoln, McCaity, McClure,
McKay, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, Mor-
row, Nay lor, Nisbet, Ogln, Osborne, Palen, Peck,
Pope, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Reed,
Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Shepard, S.monlon,
Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stuart, Taliaferro,
Waddv Thompson, John B. Thompson, Tdlmg-
hast, Totend, Trumbull, Underwood, John White,
Thomas W. Williams, L"wis Williams, Joseph L.
Williams, ChristopherJEL Williams, Wintbrop,aad
Wise-99.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. EVERE1T ihen moved a reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary, as the more appro-
priate committee for so important a subject.
Mr. BEATTY was alio of opinion tint a bill
affecting the interests of so gre¿,t a poiuon oí the
community, ought to be referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
The question being then puf, it was decided in
the affirmative, a«d the bill so referred.
The question then being taken on the motion to
print, it was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, it was
Resolved, That tne Secretary oí War be directed
to report to this House what machines, tools, or
implements, if any, belonging to the Unned States,
or used in the construction er repair of the harbors
or piers, or other publ.c woiks on the great North-
ern or Western lakes, or ihe wateis connected
therewith, have been sold since the fir t day of
January, 1840; and the cost oí such machines,
implements, and tools, respectively, and the price
for which they were respectively .-o'd, and (he au-
thority by which such sales were made.
On motion of Mr. PARRIS, the House then
proceeded to execute the order of Tuesday last
lor the election ot Chaplain.
Mr. PARRtS nominated the  Rev. Tiios.  C.
BlUXTON.
Mr. CRAIG nominated the Rev. L. R. Reese.
Mr. HAND nominated the Rev. Joshua Batiks.
Mr.   BARNARD   nominated   the Rev. J. N.
DaNFORTH.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Connecticut nominate I the
Rev. Peter H Shaw.
Mr. N.   JONES   nominated  the  Rev.  O. B.
B.IOWN.
Messrs. Parhis, Ciuu.,andHAND,verc appointed
tellers.
Whole number of vo'cs given,                       18G
Necessary ¡o a choice,                                    34
Mr. Braxton received,                         76
Bate?           '■                               Gt
Reese           "                               30
Danfoktí    "                                14
Shaw           "                                 4
Brown        "                                 1
There being no choice,
Mr. BARNARD withdiew lie name of Mr.
Danfokth.
Mr. MONROE moved   that the rule be sus-
pended, and that the Hou*e vote by bailo'.
Butobjixlkm being made,
Mr, Mi withdrew his motion.
The House again proceeded to vote for theelection
of a Chaplain:
Whole number of vo'es given                        170
Necessary to a choice                                      H6
Mr. Braxton received                 -     101
Bates       "                                  53
Reese       "                                  16
Mr. Braxton having received a majority ol all
the votes given, was declared duly elected.
Mr. DUNCAN gave no'ice that he would, on
to-morrow, or some subsequent day of the session,
mtioduce a bill fixing upon a particular day for
choosing eleetois for President and Vice President
throughout the several States in the Union, and
also upon a day for holding elections for mem-
bers of the House of Representatives of the Untied
States.
On motion of Mr. REED, the President's mrs-
sage relative to the Navy Pension fund, (submit-
ted several days since) was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CROCKETT gave notice lhat he would, on
tc-aiorrow, of on some subsequent day, «hen it
should be order, ask leave of the House to intro-
duce a bill to amend an act entitled "An act to au-
thorize the State of Tenncsseee to issue grants and
peifect tit'es to certain lands therein described, and
11 settle the claims to the vacant and unappropri-
ated lands within the sanu," pa «ed ]8.h April,
1S00.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
1.  From the Treasury Department, transmitbng
copies of ihe Treasurer's accounts for the first, te-
cond, and third quarter^ of the year 1839.
2.  From the Treasury Deyaitmerit, tian«mittmg
a statement of the accounts which have remained
unsettled, or on which balances appear tonase
beca due more than three years piior to the 30.h
S ptember, 1840, on the books of the Fourh Au-
ditor of the Treasury.
3.  From the War Department, in compliance
with ihe resolution adopted by the House on the 7,h
of July, in the following words: "Resolved, That
ihe Secretary of War report to th s House, on flic
first day of thj next session of Congress, the
amount of expenditure in suppiessmg Indian hosti-
lities m Florida, showing distinctly ihe var.ous
items of expenditure."
4.  From the Treasury Department, in obedience
to the 8lh section of Ihe act entitled "An act for the
rel.ef of certain in olvent debtors of ihe United
States" approved 2d March, 183!.
5.   Fioin the War Department, transmitting -'ate-
meats ot the expenditures of the contngent tend ot
the Wat Department, and offices and burean-, at-
tar hed thereto, daring the fiscal year ending the 30th
of September last.
6.  From the Treasury Department, transmitting
a renurt made by Professor Hassler, superintend-
ent of «he coast suivcy, and of the work for the fa-
brication of standard weights and measures, sh .w-
ing ihe progress made during the present }e¿r ¡n
those woiks respectively.
7.  Fiom Ihe Treasury Department, transmitting
the b'atenunt of expenditures for contingencies <f
that Department, ard the several offices attached
thereto, for the year ending September last.
All of wh ch communications were severally laid
upon the tabie, and ordered to be printed.
8 An account of the receipts at d expenditures of
the United States f¡ r the year 18'i'J.
Mr. RUSSELL offered the following reso'u'ion:
RkSclved, That the Comruttee on Claims be au-
thorized to employ a clerk at the rate of $4 for
each day \> service, under the appointment ox tha
co'tirruttee.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON proposed tc amend
the resolution b? addin  the following:
"And that the Com Tuffr-e for the District of Co-
Iumb.a be .-koa'loweda cleik, wbrn sam commit-
tee m?y think one ncce^ary, at the same price
per diem.''
The question was 'hen taken upon the amend-
ment, and lost.
The question then rccimed upon the lesolution.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for ¡he yeas and '
nay , which were ordered, and resulted—yeas 80,
nms ÍÍ5.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, John W. Al-
len, Andrews, Banks, Bell, Boardman, Brockway,
William O Butler, Calhoun, Carroll, Chmn, Chit-
tenden, James Cooper, Mars A. Cooper, Cranston,
Crockttt, Cushing, Dana, Davee, John W. Davis,
Garrett Davis, Dawson, Deliet, Doig, Everett, Fid-
more, Fisher, Galbraith, Gidding , Goode, Gran-
ger, Grinne'l, Habersham, Hal', Hand, Wm. S.
Hastings, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hill of North
Carolina, Hunt, Charles Johnsion, Joseph Johnson,
Wm. Cost Johnvon, Kcnble, Kempshall, Leonard,
Lincoln, MeCarty, McClure, Mallory, Monroe,
Morgan, Nisbet, Osborne, Randall, Jos. F. Ran-
dolph, Reed, R'dgway, Russell, Saltonstali, She-
pard, Simonton, Slade, Albert Smith, Truman
Smitb, Stanly, Stuart, Taliafeiro, John B. Thomp-
son, Tillingbast, Toland, Trumbull, John White,
Jared W. Williams,Thomas W. Williams, Joseph
L. Williams, Christopher H. Williams, Winthrop,
and Wise—80.
NAYS—Me'srs Anderson, Baker, Beatty,
Beirne, Biackwel!, Aaron V. Brown, Sampson H.
Bu*ler, Carr, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Connor,
Crabb, Craig, John Davis, D 'an, Dnncan, Earl,
Eastman, Ely, Fine, Garland, Gerry, Griffin,
Hawkins, Hillen, Hopkins, Jackson, Jampson,
Cave Johnson, Keim, Kille, Lane, Leadbettcr,
McClellan, McKay, Marchand, Medill, MiUer,
Monianya, Montgomery, Newhard, Parmenter,
Paynter, Pelrikm, Pickens, Prentiss, Reynolds,
Rives, Edward Rogers, Shaw, John Smith, Strong,
Sumter, Taylor, Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, Turney, Vanderpoel, Yroom, D. D. Wagener,
Watterson, WeSler, Henry William*, and Lewis
Williams—65.
So the resolution was adopted.
On motion of Mr. EVERETT,
Resolved, Thai the Pc stmaster General be direct-
ed to lay I etcre tie House a lbt of all curtailments
in the transportatwn of 'he mail, made since the
adjournment of Congrí ss, with the date when such
curtailments were made, and the time when they
took effect; and the amount oí the reduction of the
compensation on each.
On motion of Mr. TILLINGHAST,
Resolved by ihs House of Representatives, (the Se-
nate concurring,) Tint a Joint Committee be ap-
pointed, to consist of three members of the House,
and such ¿number of the Senate as may by the
Senate be appointed, to direct the expenditure of
money appiopnated to the Library of Congress.
On mot.on of Mr FILLMORE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be di-
rected to prepare and n-port to this House a bill
prescribing the notice to be given by the claimant,
in epse oí a contested election, and regulating the
manner of talan? testimony thciem, and authenti-
ea* rg the same.
Mr. ADAMS offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to bo communicated to this
House, i o far as may be compatible with the pub-
lic interest, crp.e oí all documents m the Depart-
ment of State, showja? the origin ol any political
relations between the United States and the empire
of China—the fir i appointment of a consul to re-
side at or near Canton—whether such consul, or
any other subsequently appointed, ha: ever been
received or leeogmsed m that capacity, asd the
present re'.i or.s between 'he Government of the
Untied Stp'es and tliat of the Celestial Empire.
Tris resolution vas read; but, before any ques-
tion had be n put thf r on,
On rro'ion of Mr. C  JOHNSON,
The Iion'c adjourned.
IN SENATE.
WEDNrsoAY, December 16, 1810.
The Hon. R M. JOHNSON, President of the
Senate, Mr. MOUTON, and M-. PHELPS, ap-
pepred in the.r places th>& mrrn n«
The PRESIDENT submitted a communication
from the Secretary of Wcr, transmitting the report
of a board of officers appointed in accordance with
a resolution of the S< nate for the examination of
Colt's fire-arms; which v av laid on the table, and
ort'ered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked the indulgence of the Se-
nate so iar a  to enab'e him to make a motion pre-
