26
struetions in the navigation of the river Passaic,
and of Newark bay, in the State of New Jersey.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the removal of the obstruc-
tions in the navigation of the sound or kill Van
Kull, and in the Raritan, or Prince's bay, between
the port of Perth Amboy, in the State of New Jer-
sey, and the port of New York, in the State of New
York, mentioned in the report of Captains Kearney,
John D. Sloat, and M. C. Perry, to the Secretary of
the Navy, dated December 9, 1837.
FINANCES OP THE COUNTRY.
Tlw resolution submitted by Mr. Wright on
Monday last, to refer so much of the President's
message as relates to the finances of the country to
the Committee on Finance, wh'ch had been post-
poned on the motion of Mr. W£bster, coming up
for consideration,
Mr. WERSTER, pursuant to his intimation on
Monday, when the refereace of so much of the Pre-
sident's message as relates to the finances of the
country to the Finance Committee was postponed
until Wednesday, ro¿e to state his views on that
subject. He sa«d, though he was induced to make
some remarks on the President's message, especially
at this early period of the session, he had no wish to
bring on a prolonged and angry orexciting siiscnssion
on topics which the messsge contained; but, as the
message of the President, which had been laid be-
fore mem, contained an elaborate and plausible de-
Jence of the whols course of the Administration on
the subject of the finances and the currency of the
country—as it dealt with the topic  of banks and
banking excesses, of trade and commerce and spe-
culation, with S^ate debts, and the dangers to be
apprehended from that source, and the Sub-Trea-
sury, or the Independent Trrisury, as it was some-
times called, he wuh'd ,to make a few observa-
tions. But he proposed, or the present occasion,
to deal with some of these topics. So far as they
may be supposed to affect the merits and character
of the Administration, they had, as he understood
it, been passed upon by the country, and he had
now no disposition to reargue them, or any of
them; nor did he wish to enter into an inquiry as to
■what might be supposed to be approved or disap-
proved by the result of the election which they had
so recently witnessed, fur his purpose, especially on
the presento session; it was enough for him that it
was the disposition of the country to change the Ad-
ministration. All he proposed to do was to make
some remarks on that part of the message respect-
ing Ihe finances of the country, and to speak ot' the
prevent state of things in regard to that important
branch of Ihe public service with no recunence to
the past, with no speculation for the future; yet he
supposed a proper forecast, a proper disposition to
provide for what is before us, m all questions in re-
lation to the revenue and finances of the country,
connected itself with all inquiries and observations
ot that sort. Now, with this view, he wished to
make a few remarks upon the message, and it
¡seemed necessary to premise them with a few pre-
liminary obseivations; but they should be very
short.
Now it appeared to him that an' unfounded im-
pression, an erroneous sentiment, both as to mat-
ters of opinion and of fact, might be communi-
cated to the people by the message before
them, in thi.? point of view he wished to make a
remark on what it contained, or on part of wrut
it contained. On ihi eighth page of the" menage,
which represents tUit the great di.«tnctive princi-
ples er differences characterizing public men in
this countiy, is that some have had a constant ob-
jection, from the foundation of our Government, to
make and maia'ain a public debt, and that others
had had a contrary object. Now this was an un-
founded imputation < n those who in past time had
administered she Government of this country. He
says:
"I have deemed this brief summary of our fiscal
affairs necessary to the due performance of a duty
specially enjoined upon me by the Constitution.
It will seive, also, to illustrate "more fully the prin-
ciples by which I have teen guided in reference to
two contested points in oar public policy, which
were earliest ia their development, and have been
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
more important in their consequences, than any
that have arisen under cur complicated and diffi-
cult, yet admirable, system of Government: I al-
lude to a national debt, and a national bank. It
was in these that the political contests by which the
country has been agitated ever since the adoption
of the Constitution, in a great measure, originated;
and there is too much reason to apprehend that the
conflicting interests and opposing principles thus
marshalled, will continue, as heretofore, to produce
similar, if not aggravated, consequences."
About a National Bank he (Mr. W.) would say
nothing at present, but there they wera officially
told that what had been, and what was likely to be,
the great contested question in this country, was
whether there shall or shall not be a national debt.
Now he submitted to the good sense and candor of
that body, whether any party ever did exist; or
does now exist, to whom it could be fairly irnpuied
as an object per se, as a thing desirable, to create a
national debt. Since the Declaration of our Inde-
pendence, in all time past, what was our
history? The first national debt was contracted
in Holland during the war, by John Adams. Did
any man doubt the propriety of that, in the then
circumstances of the country? Was there any Se-
nator that doubted the propriety of obtaining that
loan? Then, again, there was ths debt contracted
for the pay due to the Revolutionary army after
our Government was established, by the Conti-
nental Congress: there were also the debts contract-
ed during the progress of the war, by the States, for
carrying on the war; and provision was made to
pay these d?bti, because they were debts contracted
in the progress of the Revolution. Could any
man oppose that, or say there was any thing US-
reasonable or improvident in obtaining loans to
enable the Government to carry on the late war
with Great Britain? Now contrast one party with
another in the history of our Government, and he
could not but think it singularly unfortunate that
so much of what looks like imputation should be
contained in this message which comes from the
head of an Administration, which Administration,
so tar as he knew, was the first that ever existed
under this Government, that had begun a national
debt in a time of profound peace.
But to proceed to ths actual state of the finances
of the country. The message, though it does not
call the obligations of the country a permanent
debt, while speaking in earnest terms against the
commencement of a public debt, does admit out-
standing Treasury nous, besriag interest, to the
amount of four and a half millions of dollars; and
he thought, connected with this, there were other
important and leading truths, very useful to be
considered by the e who would judge wisely, and
who would look to the future providently in regard
to the finances of the country. And the first truth,
in point of importance, he thought, was that, for
some years past, the expenditures of the Govern-
ment had greatly exceeded the income of the Go-
vernment, lie was not then about to argue the
question whether the expenditures of the Govern-
ment had been extravagant or not; whether
they had been reasonable or unreasonable.
He looked at the subject in a financial point
of view, and he there stated that their
experience of the result of the administration
of the G.>vernm.;nt and the action of Congress
for the last four years, showed that the expendi-
ture- of the Government exceeded, at the rate of
at least seven millions of dollars a year, the in-
come of ihe Government; and thii might be easily
d'menstrated. Ihey knew that fro«n the ccm-
menciinent of January, 1637, there was in the
Treasury, reserved by the deposite act, six millions
of dollars. The intention was to reserve five mil-
lions, but the Secretary of the Treasury made his
computation somewhat in advance—he, therefore,
did not ascertain exactly what would be in, and it
turned out that there was something about six mil-
lions of dollars in the Tieasury about the 1st of
January, 1837. Then events occurred which led
Congress, in September of 1837, to pass a law to
repeal or qualify the law of June, called the depo-
site act, to retdn or bring back to the Treasury the
fourth instalment of the deposites to the States,
amounting to nine millions of dollars.   They also
found, by a communication now before them, that
the amount of stock belonging to the United States
in the Bank of the United States, and for which
bonds were given to the Treasury by the President
of the Bank of the United States of Pennsylvania,
and which bonds have been since paid, was eight
millions of dollars, which from that source had
been received into the Treasury. Now these were
pre-existing funds, some of which had accrued to
Government since January, 1837; and they might
add the sums he had already mentioned, as being
now outstanding on Treasury notes bearing inte-
rest, and thus make an aggregate of twenty-seven
and a half millions of dollars expended in the
course of these three and a half or four years, ex-
cepting, of course, what may remain in th« Trea-
sury at the end of that term. That, then, was
nearly at the rate of eight millions of dollars per
annum expended beyond the income; and what a
condition of things was that. Suppose it should
goon t y the succeeding Administration, or suppose
it should have continued to go on by the present,
if it had remained in power; did not every body
see a great and vast debt immediately before
them? But is this all—is this all? He
was inclined to think that in one respect it was
not all; he was inclined to think that the Treasury
had not duly distinguished, in one important
branch of its administration, what may be called
Treasury funds, or United States "funds proper, and
trust fund set apart by treaties by precise treaty
stipula'ions, for the benefit of oertain Indian tribes.
He thought the Treasury bad taken to its own ac-
count, as an income of Government, what did pro-
perly belong to another account; what did properly
belong to a trust fund, which Government had sti-
pulated by treaties to invest in stock, sometimes
undrr its own guarantee, for the benefit of Indian
tribes. Tnis made it necessary to look a little
iato the trust fund provided for the Indians by cer-
tain treaties, for at least there were several of
them. He should recur to one or two of the most
important, and simply state how matters stand
by the evidence contained in documents communi-
cated to Congress. Now, by recurring to official
reports from the Departments to Congress, they
found there was invested in State stocks, for va-
rious tribes, from the year 1833 to the year 1837,
by ihe War Department, the sum of $1,820,763 16.
Now he did not complain of this investment. He
observed that there a premiam paid on these stocks
of $47,441 76; but he observed that Indiana, Ken-
tucky, and New York stoevs were purchased at a
discount of half percent. Alabama and Arkansas
stocks were purchased at par; Missouri stock
was purchased at 3 44-100 premium; Maryland
stock at from 3 to 154 premium; and Michigan
stock at 8 per cent, premium. Now, he supposed
it was very probable that the difference in
these rates might arise from the difference in the
rate of interest, for some of them were at 5 per cent,
and some at six. He saw that New York were at
five, and he blieved Maryland were at six.
They found, also, that there was invested in State
stocks up to April 11th, 1838, for the ChicUasaws,
by the Treasury Dapartment, the sum of
$1,994,141 03 The premium paid for these stocks
wss $34,537 51. The United States received
from this iribe from the sales of their lands, to
1st January, 1838, $2,498,000 06; stock and
premium $2,028,678 54; leaving uninves'ed
£369,321 52, which, Mr. Woodbury says, "has
become nixed up in the general fund'' of the
Unred States. It may be, for he thought he had
somewhere heard that $94,000 more had been in-
vested. He believed the treaties with the Indians
stipulated ¡hat the proceeds of their lands, of what-
soever amount, should be invested in permanent
stock, bearin;; interest of not less than 5 per cent.
and to be perpetually held for the use of the Indians.
Now it appeared that instead of keeping a sepa-
rate account oí this trust fund, the proceeds of
these sales were all pa-sed in the general receipts
and accounts of the Treasury; and that expended
in the purchass of stock, for the purpose of this
investment, was charged on the other side of the
account. This is a matter of account, and of book-
keeping, which may or may not be thought correct;
he should have supposed that it would imve been
