more just and proper to have kept a separate ac-
count of that trust fond, as every man who is a
trustee, if he means to adminis'er his trust
accurately and pioperly, wou'd do; but he sup-
posed that was n-n a matter of paramount impor-
tance—it wa« a matter of acoutits, and of
bo k-keeping; but if tlu=e things be, as he gathered
from these document^, there was this sum of be-
tween POO 060 and,400,000 not invest°d, which re-
main d under the sup Uations to be invested. And
then as to the rate at w neb these sums or stock,
were purchased by tV Treasury Depat Ein^nt. Ala-
bama bonds purchased the 31st o£ Match, 1836,
were purchased at a premium of four and a halt
per cent.; other AlaDama bonis purchased immedi-
ately attecwaids, m the language ot the Secre aryS
íeport, put chafed at a pre mum of four per cent,;
others Ihc 7 th of May, 1836, at three and a half p r
cent, premium, others puieba?ed on the 23th of
Marca, 1837, at one per cent, discount; Tennessee
bonds wese puichased at par, Ohio bonds at above
eleven per cent, advance; part of the Maryland
bord? at three per cen<. discount, and part at above
fourteen per cent, advance. He did nots-e the
time staled at which this last purchase of Maryland
bonds was made. Tnis was made by the Treasury
Depaitment, but then as to the others------
Mr. WRIGHT inquired what documents the ho-
norable Senator alluded to.
Mr WEBSTER replied, Document 2, of 1839,
and Document 4, of 1836. He then resumed:
It would seem, then, that oy the several treaties, the
dates ot which he foun 1 in the documents, and a'l
he believed in 1837 and 1838, they bad stipulated
to itivesi the m ney protnred to be paid for land,
iu stocks—pernvaaeiit stosks bearing interest, and
some of them under their own guarantee. Here,
then, the United Statess.oodmdeb ed to these Indian
tribes the whole amount which they promised to
give for the land of the Indians, which they had
ceded to the United States and passed over und  r
our land law, and a large portion of which he sup-
posed had been disposed of—at any rate ttiey had
obtained the land and promised the>e tribes the
sums contracted with tnem, and which they had
promt'ed to m.-est ia permanent s'oek, but wh ch
they had not done, and tascad of making appro-
priations at any time heretorore io buy this stock,
the Treasury Department had contsntod it elf with
making such an appropriation as would defray the
annual accruing interest tha* the United S'?tes was
debtor to ih  tribes. Now tlr val-e for $2,5^0,-
100 had actually been furn shed, and tfis was a d bt
to all intents and pmpo^es and was to be added to
whatever else of debt existed against the Govern-
ment. He did not mean tosay it was a debt that
was to be paid to-morrow or the next day, but it was
a debt which the Government was bound to pro-
vide ftr in some reasonable tim°: it was a debt
contracted in 1837 and '38, and Government was
at this moment under the obi g-tion to ! aise money
and buy the stock and hold v for the use of
thel ndians. Large quantities of the lands of
eight tribes have been sold, and the money has rj=en
carried to the Treasury, and audited as national
income to the United S ates, instead of being in-
vested for the use of the tubes, leaving this heavy
chaige still to be borne by the Trtvsaiy. Tre
balance of the proceeds of the sales of 'h* lane's
of the Wiaaebagoc  a'one, amiui's, as he under-
stood the account!, to $1,100,000 N   part of this
has been inves ed, tbe Treasury ciedits it as so
much money received on general account, ¿>nd
leaves the means oí ¡ais ng tie rmnty 'o ful"l the
treaty by buying the stocks, to tV n=xt Aiinims ra
tton Now, if this be so, there i  another sum ot
$300,000, also, as hi believe', c* le to 'he Scow
of the Misiiss'ppi, under the treat) of S-p'e-nbei,
1837, which has not been invest d acrcruing to
the stipu'ation ot the treaty. And, if tnr- too be 'O,
the result of all this is, tha!, to th" outstanding debt
on account of Treasury notes m the first p'ace,
must be added this Indian debt, a p-o-ier provi^ on
for which ought, in all faenes-, and m good fa ih,
to be maae ¡n a reasonable time And that there
we.e oth°r d bis outstanding shich rttu<=t soon be
provided for, he supposed nuboby would doubt.
There  as t^e deb' en account of public works
sad ot'íF*" contrast ib"« were unpaid expenses
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
growing out of the operations of the army in. Flori-
da, and Indian depredations on the Southern and
Southwestern frontier, and he supposed that no-
body doubted tnat these were to be provided for,
and also other great amounts of unliquidated debts
and c(aim-, on account of which they might ex-
pect large demands. He understood, th^n, that
there was a debt existing over this country m
various ships'-, some for borrowed money, some
of which hiil grovn out of stipulations by treaty.and
some unl qmdated demands growing out of a great
vanity of lourcfs, amounting to a great amoun',
all of which was, to be provided for. Now he
agreed with .4! that was said mthe message, of the
great impolicy m a time of peace of commencing
a pubLe debt; bat u did seem to him extraordi-
nary and inappropriate to admonish others in that
s'ram against commencing a publ c debt wi h
these ¡*ac s piesented to their view, because he
supposed nobody would act on that as a point of
prmcip'e, but of expediency, ¡"id there was no
difference as to the form of the existing debt,
whether it assumed the shape of stock for a term of
a few years, or Treasury notes renewable or ex
pected to be renpwed from time to t.me as they be-
came due; or if there was a difference on the point
ot expediency, then he differed much from those
who acted on the present system, as to which was
the most expedient; for the Treasury note system
was not the cheapest system to borrow money.
Now thisexirtenes of a debt was as old as tha Ad-
ministration it>elf; this Treasury n He debt began
when the Administration began. From the first
session, called in September, and from the date of
the first bill authorizing the issue of Treasury
notes, in September, 1837, down to the present
time, there has been no moment when the Govern-
ment has not been in debt for borro «red motiej, and
if he underwood ei'h' r the message or the rep n of
the Secretary to the Trevury, it is not now txpect-
ed ihat this debt can be piid, if then, earlier th?n
March, 1842, because-, it he under*tood the re-
conmendati n of the Secretary of the Treasury—
whatever soft words be u ed—he sum and sub-
stance of it w-s, there must be a new issue of
Trea^uty note% to enab'e the Government to be
free from embarrassment tbis lime next v ear. Now
he must confers that hi thought the scope and t°n-
dency of the rei larks in the message, m this parti-
cular, go to produce an etrotieous impression in the
public mind. Here were a senes of strong obser-
va'ions run out throughout many pages a atnst a
pub ic debt—against the commencement of a pub-
lic debt; and reasons were given to show that when
a nattot a1 ctpbt was one eo nmenc 'd, i s inevi ab'e
tendency was to increase m ma-nut ude. All this
might be very t'ue of the debt alieady begun ?nd
ex.s ing now, and under -itch circumstances of tne
cou"try as may mince tne kar that it may soon oe
a large die But what was to be the ¡csult of th>s
impression? They knew tnrra were large outstand-
ing items to be charged—thev kt>e v th re were
these sum«, wmeh they vtoaJd be called upon
is pay under ui; Indian supula'tons, and there
we e ot ers which woali not be biough. tog-the>',
and pie«e ved in th  a^gi sgite as a charge o i the
Governman>, foi come months to co ne. Was it
intended thi'ti to forestall pa'il c rpn 10,1, and oA
ot v/hat will spoear, wuen collected ?ná s immedup
hereafter, to be a large r> i j' c debt, connoted of
cS'Tgts for wiiich t'.e ex at - > Go/cntaent ,s a
ble, to make « stand as a p^bhc debt to the ae
c mitt of t'.-* '5ofcr,iiii"i|t posie'ior to the 4l'i of
March, 184P H> hoped toere w<s rio sath in'en
'i n, he d d rot mpu'e mc'i mten ion, but he «aid
the scops and tendency, the gen-ral dint o. the
message was ih^tway But ¡,o far is ,'>e -<ii con-
cerne'), he should take 'p'eial anl go d carf to
prevent such a res Jit. He should recorima, 1, un-
doubtedly, that a ne v set ol book-, be opened—t iat
there shoal 1 *v w at merohaits call a 'res"—
t at «hat bad b °n contr>-cted and ''ípula'ed, and
what had been co lee e 1—what had b en received
and expanded to March, 1841, should stini
aaamn eichothci, anl alter ihat period that the
balanc \ if favirable, should oe cilkd the pu n uj-
cumula'ed by the providence of the 4 icunistfaf.on,
and should be pas-ed to its credt', bu1 if the result
were othinvsel and therr v ere a debt, then, in aii
m
fairness, the Administration should still stand on
l's merits, and the debt should be denominated the
debt of 1841, whether it stood in Treasury notes,
or in any other shape, making it the duty of Go-
vern Jient to provide for it.
In one or two other respects he thought the mes-
sage was calculated to produce quite an erroneous
impression. It would be found stated on the fifth
page, in as mitigating a phrase as can be,—or, per- -
haps, l.e should say mit gated,—that this outstand-
ing debt of four and a half millions of doílars is
not vet due. Why, they all knew that; but then
again it is said that this four and a half millions,
after all, does not amount to so much, by twenty-
tnree millions, as the United States have m deposite
with the States. Now he asked the Senate, and if'
he could he would ask the P.esident himself, whe-
ther he meant to recommend Congress to withdraw
that deposite from the States, or part of it, to meet
this outstanding d°-bt, and a? a fund out of which
he meaat to recommend the discharge ef any
charge on the Treasury1? He (Mr. Webster)
found no recommendation of such a course; why
t íen the connection? The four and a half ra lhons,
says the President, is leis, by twenty-three millioas,
than the sum which the United States have in de-
posite with the Slates. Tnere is nothmg in that
remark, uuless he meant to refer to that as a fund
out of whirh the four and a half millions were to
be paid. Why put them together unless he means
the deposites as a fund out of which the four and a
half millions are to be paid; and if he means to
intimate tha', does he recommend it? The Secre-
tary of the Treasury, too, treats this sum in depo-
site with the S.ates in the same way, he speaks of
it as money in the Treasury. Look at his report,
and at the tables in his report Whv, he makes
out a statement which includes the 28,000,000 in
deposi e to the S ates. Now, what can be the
u.e of t"at form ia the Treasuiy acco ints? When
an officer of a Department of th<¡ Government
makes cut his accounts, and presents a statement
o' the condition of the Treasury, and tha means of
the Treasury, he (Mr. Webster) supposed he
would confine him<Hr io a statement of the sums
a'ready in tbe Treasury, or likely to accrue
to the Treasury under existing laws. Bat
this sum of twenty-eight million*, which had
passed to the States under tbe law of 1836, no
mire could go to the Treasury than any other
sum m the h nds ot the Sta c He (the Se-
cretary of he Tuasury) knew it could not—he
knew an ae' cf Coii.r«<-s was as necessary to pro-
duce that fund as to produce direct taxe*, or the
re:eipts of the custom ^ >use This was not under
the power of the Tr a ury to use it for us own pur-
poses, ihan as d recfd by law. What was the
purpose, then—for purpose he presumed there must
be—in presenting this twenty three millions as a
fund of 'he Treasury, as though the Treasury De-
partmen'could exer'ne power ovei it? For what
purpose was this sum mentioned in a statement,
made to a^certiin what tbe Goveinmtn* owes, and
the msans ot pavmenf, or partpaymenf Was this
referred to as a mean's of payment, unless it was
neani to =ay that Gcgre-s may pass a law for its
reca! " Uinl that was c'one, it was well known
tkai it was no m ve aiailable to the Tieasury than
wtre new duties t the eustom-h use bef\ re a law
wa-s pas ed ft r ttVu colirct en, aid it could not be
yiadts i) d^froy any charge on the Government,
until Ct -"gre^s e\erc< ed tnis po er Hedidhope—
he had d M'ed for }iars to see, pnd he hoped he
one day «hoit'd see, a mode ofstaing the^e Trea-
sury recounts, giving the phm facts and state-
m' ps, an 1 l av ng much less to guesses about the
ftit 'e, and much less—he wosld not say attempts
to ccn ■• tl an i mi stily—but of forms «lid phrases,
the re-, lit ot w! ich was to mystify.
Ag un- thiug-i the Secretary pr-t'y clearly int>-
mates that there must be a prevent or mimed ate
reson to Treasury no'es, the lesult of his delibera-
t oís i«, that if Congress «ish to avo'd the neces-
si'y of e ther a resort to the cis'om-hcuss or of new
lo irs, he has a remedy in re-en , and 'hat is to re-
duce the expenditures oí th« Government below
the estimates—below l.'s own estímales! Why
this was pretty much ¡ike a tase which happened
last year, \* tee they were told that tbe eüsmastes
