SO                                                      CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE>
of E. P. Skinner; which was referred to the Com- f
mittee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the petition
and papers now on file ol Francis A. Harrison,
were referred to the Committee on the Pest Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. LINN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bilk,
A bill to continue in force the "Act for the final
adjustment of private land c'aims in Missouri,"
approved July 19, 1832, and the act supplemental
thereto, approved March 2, 1833;
A bill to authorize the issue ot a patent to the
heirs or legal representatives of Francis RiVard,
«deceased;
A bill for the relief of Orejare Sarpy, or his le-
gal representatives,
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Miguel
Eslava,
A bill for the relief of 3ebastian Butcher,
A bill for the relief of Thomas P. Cope?,
A bill for the relief of Joseph Bog/,
A bul confirming the claim of the h irs of Joseph
Thompstn, sr. deceased, to a certain tract ot land
in Missouri;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Pierre Bonhomme,
A bill for* the relief of Joshua Kennedy, assignee
of Corneluis McCurtm; and
A bill to confirm to George Tucker, his heirs or
assignees, a certain tract of land in Alab^nn.
These bills were several'y rrrd twicr, ard re-
ferred to the Committee on Pruatc L?nd Claims
Mr. DAVIS, mputsuance of previ >us no ice,
asked and cbiamed leave to introduce a bill fi r the
re.iefof the Plumb Island End?e and Turnp ke
Company; which was read t uce, and reierred to
the Commi'tee on C immerc.
Mr. DAVIS give notice tn„t to-trorrow ho
would a<k leave to mtn ducc th> following bills
A bill tor the rel cf of Joshua E N< urse,
A bill lo increase the compen iiioa of certain of-
fleers ot the revenue serv oe, and
A bill for the relief of Thot.v. L. Wmfhtop and
oihers, directors of an association called the'Nc v
England Mississippi Land Cornpiny
Mr PRESTOiN' pre entt-d the n emonal of t! e
executors ot Do Thomas Coope , p.ajiag that a
certain sum or money exac ed as a fine under the
sedition law may be refunded.
Mr P give notice that to morrow he would a*
leave to bring in a bill for the relief of ihe 1 gal
represent-hves of Thoma? Cooper, d. cea«ed, and
A bill for ihe relief of C 1 George Cn^'i.sn.
Mr LINN gave noiice that to-morrow he would
ask leave to introduce a bill to e.tabhsh a new land
district in the Slate ot Missou'i
Mr. PRENIIjS, from the Committee on Pen
sions, to which was referred   '
A bill author zing the payment of invalid pin
sions in certain cases,
A bill for the relief of L-rruiel White,
A b 11 for t1 e relief of Margard Birnes, and
A bill for the re.ief of David Waller,
reported h- same without am ndment
Mr P also gave notice tha to-n onow he would
ask leave 10 m'roduce a b '1 for the rel ef of Jo'in
McLoud.
Mr WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to 'Rbich the petition en tl>e sjbject ha ' b'en le-
ferred, reposed a bill for in  re i°f oi Ha "ah
Laightor, whu h was read, an! QideRd to a second
reading
Mr. W in pur '«nee of prevn is note?, asked
and obtained leave to intiodu^e a bi 1 f >r l", e re! ci
of Maiy Fret 3 man, which was read >w ice, and re-
ferred to the ComriJiltee on Tens >ps                         j
Mr. PIEtiCB, f<-om the Co t> nut tee on Ptnsiors, |
to which xsao referred peti i ns on the tub) c1, le- I
ported                                                                      1
A bill forthe relief of Sa""uei Collins, and
A bill for the rehef of J"reHn Eis,<nt,
which were severally read, a id Ojderc 1 'o a second
reading.
Mr P gave notice that to morrow he would £sk
leave to introduce 'he fallowing bids
A bill for the relief of John S Bi ling
A bill for the relief of Samuel Crapm,
A bill for the relief of Mary Neal, widow of Sa-
muel Nea!,
A biH for the relief of Tyler Spafford,
A bill for the relief of Samuel Allen;
A bill for the relief of Mary Snow, widow of Jo-
nas Snow;
A bill for the relief of Margaret Jamison, widow
of Samuel Jamison,
A bill for the relief of William Rand; and
A bill for the relief of John McClanahan.
Mr P. n pursuance of previous noaee, asked
and ob'amed leave to introduce "a bill for the 01-
ganization of a company of Sappers, Miners, and
Ponton'eis."
Mr MERRICK, from the Comm ttee on the
District of Columbia, to tvhich was referred memo-
r als on the subject, reported a bill for the exten-
sion of the charters of the Banks of the District,
which was read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr KING, in pursaanc> of previous noece,
a ked and obtained leave to introduce a bi 1 for the
re'ief of trie corporate authonties of the city of
Mobile, wh ch was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Mili'ary Affair-.
. Mr MOUTON gave notice that to-morrow he
would ack leave to introduce the following bills.
A bill tor the relief of George de Pasoau 01 Lou-
isiana,
A bill for the relief of Char'es Morgan of Lou-
isiana;
A bill for the relief of Ch^tl.'s Morgan of Lou-
isiana
A b il to confirm claim to lands in the Dislnct
between Ihe Rio Hmdo snd Sabuo r.ver--,
A bill to confirm certain land claims in (he Oua-
chita land distnct, in the State of Lo as ana,
A bill conB'ning certain land c'aitn3 n Lou-
i?ian?,
A bi 1 for the rebef of Jean Baptis'e Gramge-,
A bill for l1 s rtdief of ihe h-irs < f Madame Dc
Luss r, and iheir lecal re," sfntatives,
A bill for the rel -f of Juan Bek a,
A bill for the relief of the legal heirs and repre-
sen at'^es of William Conwij,
A Dili for fh  redi í of Pierre Babu ,
A bul to confirm certain land claims in the
Greenburg Lin I D sine', S ate o Louisiana,
A bi 1 for iher'liefoi Job. 1 Compton, asiigr.ee
of G^n gu*-s Fiaujac,
A bill lor the relief of Jean Bap*ist Comsat,
A bill confirming the claim ot John Baptis e
Lecompte to a tiac of land m Lou s ana, and
A b'1 tor the relief of fhelegM reprtsentat ves
of Theiese K<iie''e, widow ofGaspitt Pbeole.
Mr NORVELL, in pursuance to previous no-
tic , <t ke 1 and 1 b amed leave 10 introduce
A bill to authorize the issuing of a patent to
Jo epli Campm loratractoi land in Michigar;
and
A bill for the rcli f of Jos ¡h Campau,
whuli were severally read  twice, and refcred to
the Cc mmittce on Pi,vat ? Land Claims,
Mr N  al 0,on leave, introduced
A b 11 fo- tn  relief of Fíanos Lavenlur , Ebe-
nr7>r Ch Us, and Linus Thornpso-, ""¡lien wis
read t in, , pni refeirtd to the drnmit es on Pab
he L n 's
Mr N pive Lotiee that to morrow h° would
ask leave to m'rotueea bill for tie implement
of certain t"irb '-. on ihe l„kes
Mr \OLNG ¡?aip notice that to non to he
wruiJ as i 'e ve '0 in roduce a 0 '1 fir ihe rel  f ¡ f
I.ftella Kil, w do/, and John IIJ], El/aN; h
Hill, a ¡d Su uel PIi 1 rh dren ar.d minor h i,  at
law oí Sarna 1 Huí, d cea el
Mi FULTON gav3 no ice that to-morrow he
v, 0 Id ask leave t ¡ 1 r6do.ee a hi 1 to aut or y the
L-=gslai¿tre oí <„p Sale of A'káu as to se'l &e
Unds neietof re appropriated fot the 1 se of schools
in Urn S a'°
Mi. WHITE submitted the following lesolutior,
wh eh was considered ?nd agreed to
Reso'tei, That the Secretary of War b  dir eted
to inform t e Senate whether instructions have
lately been given by that Departm>at io the super-
intendent of harbors and rivers for the construc-
tion and improvement of which appropriations
have been heretofore mad?, snd which are ye! un-
finished, and te the superintendents of ihe Cumber •
land road for the sale of machinery, implements
and materials used in the construction of said
work*, and by what authority such sales were
ordered; togeth r with a comparative statement of
the aggregate cost of the same, and of the proceeds
of the sales; and whether such sales ware made in
contemplation of an abandrnment of the further
improvement of sa'd woiks
M-. PULTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropria'ion for the election of a marine hos-
pi al at the town of Napoleon, on the Mississippi
river.
Mr YOUNG submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to-
Uesohed, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for additional compensation
to the registTs and receivers of the several land
offices of tae United States m cases where their
annual compensation, including the per cent, al-
lowed on the sa es of the public lands, shall not m
the who e amouit io the sum of one thousand dol-
lars.
Tne bill for the establishment of a permanent
prospective pre emption taw, wa^ taken up, and
the call for the yeas and Ba}S on ord^nig it to a
second reading being withdtawn, i' was read a
second ti Te, and referred to the Coimiittee on Pub-
lie Lands
FINANCES OP THE COUNTRY.
The resolution submit'el by Mr. Wright on
Monday last, to refer so i-uco of the President's
message as relates io the fin-nces of the country
io the Comnvitef on Fman e winch had been post-
poned on the mo ion oí «ir. vVfesteh, coming up
for cons d laiion,
Mr. WRIGHT said the horo'able Sena'or from
Massechu<etti> (Air. Webstfi ) had felt it lobs his
duty to open this di cession upon tne message of
tne President, pending a simple motim to refer the
por'ions of it to \vhicn he had alluded, to the appro-
priate. CommiUGe of the Senate, under the appre-
hension expressed by him that the publication and
distribution of the statements and views of the
P'e ident mi?ht produce erroneous impressions
upon the mind? of the peop'e of the country, A
similar apprehension en'ertamed by Mr Wrichp
as to tne remark? of the Senjtor, moved h m to
make this reply to that gentkman. A belief that
h s remarks were calculated to g ve em neo us 1m-
pressuns as to the messa^ , ana tho fiscal condition
of ih" country at ti e present time, made it his duty
to notice so>ne of the pos,ticns and arguments of
th° honorable S nator, and to correct, as far as ha
■night fee able, the errors of fact and conclusion,
which seemed (o him to ha/e be n committed.
This he intended to do as briefly a% pos>itle, and
m the discussion he should endeavor to imitate the
c urte^y wh ch had so eieany distinguished the lan-
guage and manner of tie hoioiahl- Serator.
Tre Senator fi- t referred to ps-^e e ght of the
message where the Pres dent speak  of a Na'ional
Debt and a NauoralBink Th- Senator did not,
at that ame, consider it withm his objeet to make
any remarks in refer nee to the PiesinVit'a obae'-
vations íí to a hm k, bjt it 1 a< to t>-e views ex-
pressed n t-i  mesa-ge on the m'jpc of a national
deb'to tshch bs tUfn'oi wis directed, and to
wh ch bis alterón was curected with thatpo n'and
force wnchaVajscharact r ze t-t Senator' mind,
and ie tnighi perhaps sav, en shis occa 101, tne m-
g nutty which "oaeamrs charac'eiues his argv-
m nts He had as'ced if the Prcs dent supoo^ed,
or it an/b"d/ npnoszd, hat tv ere was a ps'r v >n
th s of un'ry tiiTdty to a nat mal á'-bt,per se He
(Mr WitiGHT) d d not beiifve that posi ion met
the PresdentSrem.il ks at all, for he ihd not un-
civTa'and the Pies dent &s cfl^urg his views and
ui-f ins- his rrasoi,* again t the contrae 1011 and per-
pe'uatiuu of a naiionjl debt on th  ground that
it was a deb' io be contracted for the single
and sole love 0l the debt for 'self. He uader-
s\od the Prea dent as taking other and higher
ground, and as ei deavonng to impre-s upon his
countrymen, on the occa-ion which called forth
