36
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
tended to make the correction before; but not hav-
ing noted it on his.bnef, it had been forgotten. Ho
was expressly authorized to say "that separate and
distinct accounts of all trust funds were kept at the
Department, with all the accuracy and care which
characterized the keeping of any accounts there.
The books containing these accounts were regularly
brought up, and the statement of any such account
could be regularly and accurately made from them
but the state of these accounts was not, as mattel
of course, commurrtcated to Congress with the Se.
cretary's financial report. Such communications
were always made when called for, and not other-
wise. The Senator would see, therefore, that his
idea—that these accounts, and the moneys in the
Treasury to their credit, had become intermingled
with the general affairs of the Treasury, so that it
was difficult to tell how the trust funds did actually
stand—was a mistaken one. Toere was no confu-
sion upon the subject at the Department.
After a few remark? from Mr. Wb.b-,ter—
Mr. Wright said he wished to add a single re-
mark which he had omitted when last up. The Se-
nator complained that the sums which were stipu-
lated, by the Indian trea'ies, to be invested for ihe
Indians, did not appear in the annual estimates of
the Secretary of the Treasury. He said the Indian
annuities were annually estimated for, and thire-
fore were made to appear to Congress yeatly as
claims which must be paid. Mr. Wright thought
it was a perfect answer to the suggestion to say that
the interest upon the sums stipulated to be invested,
and not invested, was annually estimated for, as
the Senator would find by examining the estimates
for the Indian Deparment, and thise-.timate showed
the liability as fully as an estimate of the piincipal
would do. The estimate is for the annual interest
upon a sum name-! and stipulated by treaty to be
invested. Is it possible to specify the liability more
distinctly or plainly? Are our liabilities for the
annuities more fully exhibited in the estimated He
could not see ¡hat they were.
Another single rematk would content him. The
Ssnatorseemedtosuppo.se it doubtful, fiom the
message of the President, and the remarks of him-
self, whether they did not both favor a recall of the
moneys on deposite with the States, rather than the
impositions of duties upon "wines and silks." Of
the opinion of the President upon this subject, he
could say nothinf, because the President had ex-
pressed no opinion; and fur himself, he coald say
that he had neither given, nor intended to give, any
opinion upon this point. Ho would not certainly
favor a recall of the money ilenosi  d with the
States, until th- Treasury wanted money, and
when that state of facts should be ¡shown, and he
should be asked for a vote, cither to recall those
monejs, or to impose a duy upon wine* and silks,
he should not be found unprepared, or reluctant, to
mai'e the decision.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Wright; which was agreed to.
And the Senate adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
TmmsDAV, December 17, 1840.
The Hon. JOHN MOORE, member elect from
he State of Louisiana, in the place of Rice Gar-
land, resigned, was duly qualified, and took his
seat.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the bill introduced by Mr. HAND, on
Thursday last, to establish a uniform rule of natu-
ralization, and to repeal the laws now in existence
on that subject.
Mr. STANLY called for the reading of the hill.
The SPEAKER remarked that the bill was at
the printer's, and, if there were no objection, ii
might be passed over tor the present.
The SPEAKER then, m accordance with the
rule, resumed ihe call on the States and Territories
for petitions and memorials, commencing with the
Territory of Iowa,
Petitions and memorials were then presented by
Mr. CARR of Indiana.
Meews. J- W. ALLEN, DUNCAN, and TAY-
LOR, of Ohio,
Mr. CARTER of Tennessee.
Messrs. GARLAND and GOGGIN of Virginia..
[Mr. GofiGiN of Virginia presented the petition
of Dr. Wm. B. Vaughn, of Bedford county, relat-
ing to his newly invented self-moving locomotive
engine, applicibic to laureada, asking the aid of
Consreis.]
Mr. KIEM of Pennsylvania.
[Mr. Kiem of Pennsylvania presented 'the peti-
tion of Coarad Hertz, a soldier of the Revolution,
asking an addition to his pension; referred to the
Commit'ee on Revolutionary Pensions: seven- peti-
tions of similar tenor from, nearly five hundred cit-
z°ns of Berks county, Pennsylvania, praying the
establishment of a mail route in said county; re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads ]
Messrs. BREWSTER, CLARK, HOFFMAN,
FLOYD, GATES, and MONROE, of New York.
[Mr. Floyd presented the petition of citizens of
Oneida county, for the establishment of a post route
from Clinton to Rome-]
Messr?. SALTONSTALL and PARMENTER,
of Massachusetts.
[Mr. Parmemer presented petitions of Esther
Carter, tor Revoluti on  ry claims; Sarah T.
Pratt, for pension; Anna Swinnerton, for pension;
Francis Bush and others of Chelemford, Masta-
chu?etts, in favor of a general bankrupt law; Jona-
than Morse and others of ¡Vlethuen, for the same
object; all of which Were referred to the appro-
priate committees.]
Mr. MILLER, oí Missouri.
[Mr. Miller, of Missouri, presented a petition
s'gned by R. Hopkins, John P. Pool, and others,
avking the establishment of a post road from
Spiiagfield, in Green county; by Robert Patter-
son, in said conntj; by Isfaam p. Pools and Henry
F. Ormsbey, in Pulaski county; thence to the
town of Caledonia, in Washington county, in said
State. Refetred to the Commutes en the Post Of-
fice and Post Road.5.]
The SPEAKER then resumed the call on the
States for reports, and there being none,
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Til-
linghast on the 10th of December, and partially
considered on yesterday, was then taken in order:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury re-
port to this House how far, and in what manner,
the act passed «t the la^ session, on tilled "An act
to provide for Iho collection, safekeeping, transfor,
and disbursement of the public revenue," has been
carried into execution; whether any buildings,
additions to, or alterations m, buildings therein au-
thorized or required, have been commenced; ,tt
what cost, or cmi'rac.ts therefor made, or orders
therefor f,iven, and the terms and conditions of
such contracts and oidersj what number of clerks,
special agents, and other officers, ,;gents or ser-
vants, have been and now are cmplojed under the
provisions of said act, or for aid in carrying the
same into effect, and «here, and from what times,
and at what compensations; whether each and
every of the officers who are therein required
to give bond have given bond, and the sum,
sureties, and time of delnerv of each bond;
and who, if any, have not given bond; whether,
in the collection, or keeping, or transfer, or
disbursement of the public rcvcRue, or any por-
tion thereof, since said act has been in force, any
bank has been resorted to; and, if so, what bank
or hank?, to what extent, pnd in what manner, and
what propositions have been made, if any, to any
bank ther.-for; and setting forth, also, in what spe-
cific manner, whether gold rr silver, or notes or
certificates, or oilier and what evidence; of depo-
site or credit, si! or any of (he levenue has been
coUected or actually passed fiom the hands of the
person or persons from whom the tame was due,
to thf hands of the officer or officers charged with
the immediate collection thereof, since ra;d act has
been m force, áistinguíshinr-, as nearly as may be,
how much has been so collected snd paid in each
spec-tic matter or medium of paymen'; a'ss, set-
ting forth how, and in what places or office?, and
under what actual and personal custody or keep-
ing, all and any and each portion of the revenue,
moneys, and assurances, or svidences of debt or
obligation, have been kept during said time; and
how and by what agencies and aid, and what
forms and process, and on what terms, conditions,
, and cost of exchange or transfer, and in what spe-
cific matter, whether gold and silver, or notes or
certificates, or other and what evidences, al>, and
any portions thereof, have been in said time dis-
bursed and transferred.
The question pending was on the motion of Mr.
Beatty to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. TÍLLINGHAST demanded tha yeas and
nays.
The motion to ¡ay on the table was then with-
drawn.
The question then recurring on ins adoption of
the resolution, it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. RANDOLPH offered the following resolu-
tion:
Reiolved, That the Clerk of this House pay to
John B. Aycripg, John P. B. Maxwell, William
Halstead, Charles C. Stratten, and Thomas Jones
Yorke, the same compensation per d;em and mile-
age that is allowed to members of Congress, com-
puting the per diem from the commincement of the
last session until the 16.h dav of July last.
After some remarks from Mr. VANDERPOEL
as to whether a joint resolution was not the proper
form,
Mr. TURNEY moved a reference of the resolu-
tion to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. VANDERPOEL wished the motion of re-
ference to the Committee of Claims might prevail.
He hoped that course would be taken, as in case
should be compelled to vote now, he must state his
reasons for voting against the resolution.
Mr. HOFFMAN hoped the resolution would be
adopted forthwith. He contended that the money
ought to be paid promptly; o'herwise, in cases of
contested elecion which might hereafter occur,
the candidates would be afiaid to proceed to the
seat of Governmen*.
Mr. RANDOLPH demanded the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and thereby cut off the
motion of reference.
The main question on the resolution was then
ordered.
The question then reeurring on its adoption,
Mr. VANDERPOEL demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and about to be taken,
when
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved to lay the resolution
on the table, and on the motion demanded the yeas
and nays; which being ordcied, resulted—yeas 52,
navs 127, as follows:
YEA.S—Messrs. Judscn Allen, Anderson, Atber-
ton, Banks, Beatty, Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V'
Brown, Albert G. Brown, Carr, Ca*.ey, Chapman,
Clifford, Coles, Connor, Crary, Cross, Davee, John
Davis, Doan, Doig, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine,
Floyd, Fornance, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond, Hill
of North Carolina, Jackson, Jameson, Cave John-
son, Nathaniel Jones, Lr-adbetter, Lowell, Lucas,
McClellan, McCulloch, McKay, Medill, Newhard,
Parrish, Parris, Petrikin,Reynolds, Samuels, Shaw,
Shepard, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thos. Smith,
Starkweather, Strong, Sweney, Philip P. Thomas,
Turney, Vandemoel, David D. Wagener, Watter-
san, and Jarcd W. Williams—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, John W. Al-
len, Andrews, Baker, Barnard, Bell, Boardman,
Bond, Bolts, Breckenridge, Briggs, Brockway,
Sampson H. Butler, William O. Buthr, Calhoun,
William B. Campbell, Carroll, Carter, Clark,
J. Cooper, Mark A Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crans-
ton, Crockett, CDrtis,Cushing, Dana, E. Davies, J.
ehn W. Davis, G. Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Den-
nis, Dei:et, Doe, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fill-
moie, Fisher, Galrraith, Gates, Gentry, Giddings,
Go?gin, Goode, Granger, Grten.Grinnel!, Haber-
sham, Hall, William S. Hastings, Hawes, Haw-
kins, Henry, Hill of Virginia. Hilk-n, Hoffman,
Hook, Hunt, James, Charles Johnston, John W.
Jones, Keim, Kempshall, Lane, Leet, Leonard,
Lincoln, McCarty, McClutv, Marchand, Marvin,
Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, Montanya, Montgome-
ry, Moore, Morgan, Morrow, Naylor, Nisbet, Ogle,
Osborne, Palen, Parmenier.Paynter, Peck,Pickens,
Proffit, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Reed,
Ridgway, Edward Rogers, Russell, Saltonstall,
Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stuart,
Sumter, Swearingen, Taliaferro, Jacob Thompson,
