CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
John B Tbomp&on, Tillmghas', Toland, Tnplett,
Trumbull, Underwood, Peter J WVgnei, Warren,
John White, Thomas W. Willia-rs, Lewis Wil-
liams, Joseph L Williams, Christoph*r H Wil
hams, Wimhrop, and Wi^e—127
So the motion to lay on the tfble was negativrd.
The question then recui r>ng on the adoption of the
resolution, the yeas and nays were ordered, and the
Clerk proceed, in the ea 1 e f the roll until he came
to name of
Mr. WISE, who asked the House to excuse him
from, voting, on the ground that nenher he nor the
House had jet heard the evidence on which the in-
dividuals who^e names appeared in the resolution
had been refused their seai>.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman was not in
order, as the request could be íec iral only b) ge-
neral consent,
Mr WISE then gave notice ljgat be would re-
fuse to vote until he had heard the leahmony by
which the claimant  to the seats were rejrete •.
The Clerk then proceeded in the tall of ifcr roll,
after which,
Mr LEADBETTER, wi bed al°o to be excused
from voting, on the fnnml that the rppropnauon
of mo^ey in this mailer was unconstitutional. Mr.
L however, subs quently withdrew Ins request
The result of the vote v as ihen announced, as
follows—yea1? 118, naj* 67
YEAS—Mew Adams, A1 ford, Jrhn W Al
len, Andrew , Bal er, Barnard, Bell, Roardman,
Bond, Botis, Breckenrtdge, Brigg^, Breckway,
Sampson II Butler, William O BnW, C lhoui,,
William B. Campbell, Carroll, Carter, Clark,
James Coop r, Mark A Cooper, Crabb, Ciaig,
Cranston, Cricket , Curtis, Caching, Edward Da-
vie", Jrhn W Davis, Garret Dav«, Dawscn, De-
berry, Dennts, Dellet, Doe, Edwards, Evans, E e-
lett, Fillmote, Gilbraitb, Gates Gentry, G. Mm ",
Uoggin, Good', Graham, Granger, G'een, Griti-
nell, Habeisham, Hall, Willum S Fastings,
Hawes, Hawkins, Henry, HiM of Vnginia, Hoff-
man, Jame<, Challes Johnston Kimp hall, Lane,
Leonard, Lincoln, McCarty, McClure, Mallory,
Marchand, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Monioe,
Mon'gomery, Moore, Morg?n, Calvary Morn--,
Morrow, Naylor, Nisbet, O i e, Osborne, Palei,
Parmenter, Peck, Pope ProhY, Randall, Randolph,
Rariden, R-syner, Reed, Ridgway, Ed < ard Roger0,
Russel', Sa'tonsi-li, Si monten, Siade, Tinman
Smith, S'anly, Smart, Sumter, Swenev, Jacob
Thompson, John B Th mpson, Tillinghast, T< -
land, Tnplett,Trumhu'l, Piter J Wagner, War-
ren, John White, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis
Williams, Joseph L Williams, Chris opher II
William , and Winthrcp—118
NAYS—Messrs Judson Allen, Anderson, Ather-
ton, Banks, Beatly, Beirne, Rlackwell, Boyd, Aa-
ron V Brown, Carr, Casey, Chapman, Clifford,
Coles, Connor, Crary, Dana, Divee, Jnhn Davis,
Doan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fisher, Flojd,
Fornance, Garland, Gerry, Griffin, Hand, Hill of
North Carolina, Hook, Hopkins, Jackson, Jame-
son, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Keim, Kem-
ble, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McKay, Medill,
Miller, Parrish, Parris, P^yrter, Peinlon, Pren-
tiss, Reynolds, Rives, Samuel", Shaw, Shepard,
Albert Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
Strong, Pmlip F. Thomas, Turney, Underwood,
Vanderpoel, Watterson, and Jared W. Williams
—67.
So the resolution was adop ed.
Mr. ADAMS rose to ask the concert of th"
House to give the use of the hall to the ' National
Institution for the promotion of the Arts and Sci-
ences," formed la5t year m this city. The Secre-
tary of War was ¡ts ex offino presiding officer, and
he had been jequested by the society to deliver an
address before them on the 4'h of J„nuaiy next
Mr. A. hoped therefore that the use of the hall
would be given on ¡he evening m quest on, for that
purpose.    He ihen made a motion to that effect.
Mr. PICKENS rose to object to the use of the
ball bping granted for ?ny such purpose. He had
embraced the p esent opportunity of giving his
views- on the subj-ct, because he had no sub
stantial objection to the object proposed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts. In his opi-
nion,   the  hall ought   to   be used for   no other
purpose than that for which it was desgned.
He even objected to the use ot the hall being given
for preachmg, in the manner in which it had been
sometimes conducted If the privilege were given
to one s'ctet), it migbt, on the same principle, be
extended to other soc eties of conflict ng views
Beside", if the requ st of the gm.leman from Ma -
sachuseits should b^ granttd m this msunre, it
would be establishing a precedent in uhich the use
ot ihe hall could be claimed by s-ctetu?s, the prin-
ciples of which weie at war wuh the peace and.
safciy of the Union
He fully concurred in the v ews pressed by
the e ti?( ns of th s Driiitt on the sub¡pcf, and
trusttd the request uoul I not be granted
After 'oiie remarks from Mi  ST<iNLY,
Mr ADAMS adverted *o t*-   tact that the use of
the hall hid, ti ne .'fer tim , been granted to va-
rious s ciet.es, a d hoped that n h" pre ent ca e
the rule would not he departed fiun Buithegea-
tleman from S u h Carolina bad earn el h s objec-
t on Mill fuithei, and wiMie 1 lo rf olí h preioh ng
in the Ho ' e Thai, however, was not now the
question, but if it hi uld be brought up he, Mr A.
weuil give his re->sf ns why the pi let ce of preach
in¡? on? ht in be cont nued Mr At! i ma le ome
humorous ?lln io i" to h ' ^ccio'io-." of wh.cb,
baid he, th*4 geo'le^m Jrooi Siuth Ciroina ap-
pears to ha\e ro much hri or
The question being on thp motion to grant leave,
Mr PICKENS demarded the j eas and nay
Mr WISE said he would not havo said a word
if the jeas and nays had not been called for He
shouM be glad to allow th  use of the hall to any
s Cicty that was decent and not dangerous 'o the
country Mr W said this wasthei eopl S House
for all ptopei purp ^es, but whenewr any improper
iocutysh uld ?sl lor tht 're of i', he v ould be
amongtl t'i st toiefuse it En the p rs n' ipst ice,
1 eh | cd th   icq't   t w mil 1 e < ompliml with
Mr DAWSON oh erved hat it i's known ie
I ad been a uniform opp scr ot mo i  s n grant the
useoftne ball for --nchi purpose-. It the u^e of
ihe building were glinted to 'he National Ins'itute,
every other s ci«ly 11 the country wou'd be ent 'i d
to the same piivilce, and if Ihey should apply, on
what gr mud co>,!d Ihey U leins i' He was tor re-
re^tr c nig the use of ihe hall'o the le-  Vjtiv 1 i'smess
ot the conntty Tbe bn ding was erccied for that
and ro oiher'purpose T^ re ivr e 3" 7 m-mbers on
ihe fl oi, who full/ ic oped it, wacna-, in ca=e
the lecture should be delivered, perhaps 1 500 per-
sons we i'fl wish to be prcs"nt, fie tnoug'a, I1 ere-
lore, in point of convenience ml}, the chu'ehes
and oiher bui ding  m ihe city would be far pre-
ferable Pie hoped tha applira' on would b- re-
jected
Mr CRAIG did not think the H u'e would be
bound to grant ¡ha u«e of the hall 'o any sicie y,
merely because it had extended the puv lege to
some of a proper character
Mr. COOPER pgree I with the centleraan from
Virginia that this wa- the House of the people, but
the people, m ertc mg it, had dec ded to "hat pur-
prse it was to be de«oted, vi7 as a hall of legisla-
tion He therefoie considered thty bad no autho-
n'y to grant the request now mad', an 1 should
vo e against it
Mr THOMPSON of Mi i sipni f'e ired to know
at whose expenip the lights w>re furnished, when
tl e use of the hall \w granted for such purposes
It the expense did not exceed a single cent, it in-
volved the same principle as if it were a thousand
dollars
Mr WISE thmnht if the Secre íy of War
gave light to the Hou=e by his lecture, it was no
more lhan tan ihat tie Hon e -h t'ld in return
furnish light to him and h s hearers. His maxim
was, "light for light "
The que ticn on th  motion was then taken by
yeas and nays, and resulted as folio«s—yeas 88,
nays 84.
YEAS—Messrs Adams, John W. A'len, Bar-
nard, Beativ, Bell, Boardman, Bond, Botte, Breck-
enndge, Bnggs, Brcckway, Carr, Carter, Casey,
Clark, James Cooper, William R Cooper, Craig,
Crockett, Cu^hmg, Edward Davi« s, Deberry, Den-
nis, Delie', Duncan, Evans, Fvueit, Fillmore,
Fletcher, Ga'brauh, Garland,  Gentry,  Giddirgs,
Goggm, G ioJe, Graham, Granger, Green, Gnnnell
Hand, William S Hasting*, Henry, Hoffman,
Hook, Hant, Jielison, James, Keim, Kemble,
Kempshall, K lle.Leet, Lincoln, McClure, Marvin
Mason, Mil'er, Montanya, Calvary Morns, Mor-
row, Ogle, Parmenter, Pavn'er, Peck, Proffit, Ran-
dolph, Rariden, Rajn^r, Reed, Ridgway, Russell
Siltonslall,Siminton, A'bertSmith,Truman Smith
S an'y, St rkweather, Smart, Sweney, Taliaferro
TilImghaM, Tcland, Trunbull, Peter J. Wagner,
John Whi e, Lewis Williams, Wmthrop, and
Wise—88
NAYS—Messrs Judson Allen, Andrews, Ather-
ton, Banks Bakir, Beirne, Bl ckwell, Boyd, Aafon
V Biown, Sampson H. Butler, Wm. 0. Butler,
Calhoun, Carroll, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Con-
nor, Mark A Ci oper, Crabb, Cranston. Crary
Dana, John W. D-svi*, Garret Davis, Dawsoa,
D ckersor, Doe, Ea'l, Eastman, Fisher, Floyd,
Gates, G iff in, Habersham, Hammond, Hawe-,
Hawkins, H 11 of Noith Carolina, Hopkins, Jame
s n, Chprles John tin Ca/e Johnson, Nathaniel
J nes, Lin?, L-ai'beiter, Lowell, Luca?, McClel
Ian, MeCu loch, McKi),Marchand,Medill, Monf
pom rv, Morgan, Samuel W Morn*, Nisbet, 0-
borne, PaUn, Parush, Parii , Petr>km, Pickens,
Reynolds, Samuel", Snaw, Shepard, Strong,Sumter
Swean.igi n, Pmlip F Thomas, Waddy Thompson,
Jacob Thoinpsoi, J hn B. Thomdson, Tnplett,
Turney, Underwood, Vanderpoel, Watterson,Wick
Jared W Williams, Tnomss W. Williams, Jo-
seph L Williams, and Chris'opher H. Williams
—84
So leave was grant d.
Mr POTTS, on leave, submitted the following
re^ol 't o"
Resold I, That the Clerk of th's House bsm-
sir''"te) to report by wha' an hnnty the sum of
P,lq0 51 w?s pail to Ciarle, J Ingcrsoll, e«q for
h> < \pens - m taking te  imony, etc. in the con-
tfs'td election with Cha les Najlc, esq. pending
tne last session of Congress, and out of what fund
such amount was paid, ?s reported in document No
7 to t us Hon e
Mi MED'LL moved to anend, by including
fhe evpeese m ihe eve of Me srs Aycngg and
Ins eoile~g es from New J-rsey, and also Mr.
Nay'or
Mr BOTTS accepted Mr Mem l's proposi-
Hen
P t tbe si'g"e"i nofMr McKay, the resolution
was furilvr mod tied by «nlwtituting the Committee
ot At counts f r tbt. Clerk
Alter si, u ■ ronversanoii as to the details of the
reso'uaon,
Mr BOTTS wuhdrew his acceptance of the mo 
dification? proposed, and adnered to the resolution
as or gtna'lv proposed
Mr MEDILL wished to have some information
in relation to p e wi'nesses who were examined on
the part of Mr   Naylor
Mr NAYLOR replied that the bills in favor of
his witne ses were nof paid They were passed by
the Commit ej on Accounts, and 'fee money ten-
dered to him Dj the C'erk 'jut believing such a pay-
ment would be illegal, it wis refused
After somp futthn rrr.ver-,atirn of a desultory
character, the amendment of Mr Medill was
withdrawn
The questnn was then taken on the resolution of
Mr Botts, and it was agreed to.
IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT.
Mr MONROE °ave rotice of a bill to abolish
imprisonment for dtbt 'n certain cases.
Mr BREWSTER gave notice of a bill making
appropriation? for the improvement of certain har-
bors on the Nouhern and Northwestern Lakes
Mr. BARNARD mo\ed the following resolution,
which was read and laid on the table one day, un-
der the role, and ordered to be printed
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury do
make to th s House a report to the following effect,
viz
1 A stitement show ng the aggregate revenue
which accrued to t e Government from eustomi,
from land , and under the head of what is usually
denominated "mi^ceHaneons," m the years 1837,
1838,1839, and 1840, estimating for the last quar-
ter of the latter yeer  ind-howmg also the aggre 
