CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gate expenditures dunrg the «ame years, estimat-
ing fir Pit la-t qiarter or 3840, excluding all paj-
men'b on recount of he redemption of Treasury
notes, and siso a" pa)ments on account of trust
funds, except so fai as such funds have failed to
produce he full amount of mere t or annuity
actua ly raicl on recount of them. The s a'ense-n
to ohov ihe general ba'ance besv/een such revenue
and rapen Inures tor the whole nenod.
2   A statement showing the sources from which
money has bien di rived to ths Traasory, wi'hin
ths? f~ir jears abive nrntoned, aTd the amount
from caen cnr< o, w th ihe aggregate, cit mating
for «mounts leceived or receivable m the last quar-
ter of 1840 Th s statement to irclude the sum
aciually recaved in ihe ^eaiiury after s-'ting
apart the onnnal a"io^ for depo t'e with
the States under tfie den ¡.ue ac of 1836, the
amourt of t^e i m h instalment cf depisi e money
under ¡hat act which was finally retained in the
Treasury, tie am i, t ff nu tor indemnity funds
(if any) fe- ved and not itue'ted, the amount oe
Tieasuiy notes which w,H be ouisUnding on the
1st of January, 1841, wi h the inferes* acciued on
them; the amount received on old duty bonds, the
payment o^wh ch W been postponed, the amount
received on b n<K for the sale cf the stock of the
United States m the lab B?nk of the Umt-d States,
and the amount received from various banks which
suspended m 1817 Tnis ^ta em nt to'how how
much, if anv, of the e moneis regain, or will be m
the Treasury on the 1st day oi Jancary, 1841
3   A statement (asfar as the -ame r known, or
can be readi y a~c rained) "bowing in what cast ,
if an}, and to v hat extent and pecuniary amouni,
public work;. h<tve b'-en or will be earned oi, or
services rendered ui behalf of the Government,
under appropriations of the piesent jear, or of past
year=, durng the \tar 1840 (except mder tue Post
Office D oni roe it,) m regard to which any -.pec a!
agre mentor irdtr^tanttm? uhateyfr exi s tha*
the paym'iit thettf r ^houlu n >t be cMle I for, and
should not be ma^e in the ytat 1840, or until after
the 4th day oe M -ch, 1841
4   A statement showing «hat wdl be tne pro-
bable ami unt out of the new and permanent
appropr at oris, a exhibited in the es imtlt^ of the
Secre'arj of the 7'h and 8di December instant,
for the ye r 1^41, which will junain unexpendtd
or uncalled for at the clcse of the year 1841.
5   A statement show ng the amounts which. wiP
be required to parchase stock, or make invest-
ments, lor or in UhaKo* Indians rr Indian tribe ,
pursuant f i> i ca y <r o her stipulation other
than suci as miy have I ten estima ed f<*r by the
Secretar) in his report of the 7 h Decmber in-
stant.
6   A «.titement 'Inw n, more p-micularly than
appears from hit, report i f the 7ih December in-
stan1, how much tbse expen e of 1841 will fall bo-
low ihobe cf 1840, on account of eac'i o' the fol-
lowing panieu ars, namelv because "the pensions
have dirtmished by dtaih," bee .use ' (ewer Indians
remain to be runoved," because "several expen-
sive public buildings hare been mostly finished,'
and because ' iQ-t 1 lies with the Semino'es must
be nearer to a c!i sr "
7   A sta em-snt showirg the amount rf claims
now pending in the Department, growing out of the
Florida war, or re'anons «ih lndiirs, or other-
wise, wheihir toh ch ms have been consifered or
paised up in or not, with ihe probsble or p oximate
amoun', in the a preste, of such claiu >. wh ch
will become a ci a'^e upe n the T easuiy, <is nearly
as the Sec/c ary able to .. crtain or to judge
thereof, with ih^ liiesii be has, or cm readily
command
Mr. HUNT rf New Wk off r d the follow-
Jo'tH reso tiuon propo ¡ng aa amendment to the
Constitu .on of the Un ed S airs, and ¡imiiirg
the term oi iffice oí the P.es dent o' th- Uni ed
S,-te
11 ol*ed ¡h, ¡« Señale and Hcwse of Pepieiei'utives
cf I e Uia ed Sutes ¡f jimerva m C<- P «* assem-
bled, ('wo t; Tds 'f boih Hou es deem n-; it neces-
sary,) Tnat be iollcwwg article be rroposed 'o
tbf LtEKli ¡-res of the seve al Sutes, as an amen'1-
Bif at to the ConsLtuuon oí the Untied S ates, which
article, when rat fied by ih'ee-t >nrths of the ?atd
Le is'attire, to be valid, to au inten s and pur-
poses, as part of the <a d Constitim n, viz
" Tbe President of the United States shall hul-i
his tffise but for one term of four years, and «hall
be wdisib e-tbereafter "
Rerrrred to the Ctmmit'ceof tpe vVho'e on the
" ¡ue of toe Union, at d ordered to be printed.
On motion (f Mr MARCHAND, it was
Resdu d, That the Committte on In-ahd Pen-
sions be tn^truc ed to mqu re into tie espediency
of p'actng th? name of Samuel Ncely < n the tut of
invalid p n^ioners and that the accompanying pa-
pt rs be re'ened to said comm ttee
On m< lion of Mr. TOLAND, it was
Resolved, That Secretary of the Treasury be <h
rected to communicate to this House any report or
0 her official commun'cation mads to him since the
1  t of May la't by 'he conec or of the por' or
Phil •'cljihia, or any o ner perfon, ¡r relation to
trie condi ion of tht «Mom-hou e budding at said
port
On motion of Mr. HENRY, it was
Resolmd, That the Committee on Public Lands
be, and they are hereby, instructed to mquir  into
tni? expeditney of mating immediate provuion for
issuing land scrip to States for military boun'y
land warrants m all cases where warrants arc ou'-
standing for services in ihe late or Reyolutionary
war, or to make such other provision as 'he com
mi tee may d<=em most expedient
On mo'iOT ot ¡Mr HAMMOND, it was
Resolved, Toa' the Com-riteeon Fubhi Lands
be instructed to i iqmre into the<xpediency of per-
muting Abbot Orreen and George Schnable, of
Pm isylvania, to apply the money they have depo-
sited with t! e Treasurer of th United States for
the purpose of pajmg for lands wrich they mi?ht
purchase from t!,e United S'ates at priva e entry, n
pav mint for l<nd« «h ch i hey may here, ftr-r pur-
chase at pub'ic sales
Mr WM COST JOHNSON nquiredi' the so-
ls ct commidee apptmted last session on ihe subject
of a national foundry was considered as <-o far in
exis en^-e as to be authorized to submit their report
at th s session
Mr JOHNSON m-de a stitement ot c rcum-
stances whicn took place at the last s-ess on, whicti
induced him to believe the committee was con-
tinued over to the p'esent se<.«ion
The SPEAKER answered that the committee
was discharged by the adjo jrnment of the last ses-
sion, and could not now icport.
Mr JOHNSON then moved that the comti like
be revived; which was ordered by the House.
Mr BOTTS moved the follow ng
1   Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to repon to this Hi use the amount oi
Treasury notes and drafts that have been is,ued
find diawn since the 1st of January, 1840, wt'li the
respective dates at which such notes and drafts
have been issued and drawn, together with the
names of the persons to whom or m whose favor
and for whose benefit such drafts have been drawn,
and the ervics, con ideration, or object for which
ih<y hive been drawn
2    fíe olvei, That he be directed to report at
what time or times, and what am unt of Treasury
notes, if any, have been deposi ed «i h any of ibe
binks, and, if any, ■ hich of such bank , at d at
what time, what miiou-", and v l.at deicnptica of
fund--, it any, were rccc cd from the bank, in
wbich such depo,nea weie made, and whether said
money was left in depose ¡n said bank , or tians-
ferred to tl e I dependent or Sub-Tieasury as di
rected by law, ar d at wbtt time the iiueiest com-
menced on the notes thus deposited
The SPE \Kb-R wa>- stoat to put th" que t on
on th"-  recoiu i ns, 'heniti'as objff ed to, Be-
cause they should 1 e on tne table tne day for con
stderauon
Mr BOTTS moved to suspend the rules for the
purpi e of considering 'he resolutions at this time,
and e  led lor the yeas and nsy^, wl'ioh were or
de-ed Tbey were taken, and resuhej—for the
suspension 80, against it, 60, as follows
YEAS—VIessrs Adam-, Andrew,, P, 11, Board-
man, Bond, Botts, Bngg5, Brockray, Calho.n,
Wm. B Campbell, Carter, Casey, Clark, James 
I Co-per, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett Curtis, Gushing,
E3«ard Davie*, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry,
Doe, Everett, Fillrrore, Fi-her, Garland, Gatee,
Qiddm~«, Goggm, Goode, Graham, Granger, Grin
nell, Habeisham, Wm S Hastings Hmry, Hil1
of Viigima, Jam°s, Charles Johnson, Wm Cc^t
Johnson, Lsne, L ncoln, Lucas, Marvin, Mason,
Morgan, Ca'vary Aiorn-, Morrow, Ogle, Pa'en,
Peck, Pepe, Proffit, Randall, Randolph, Randen,
Rayntr, R^ed, Ridgway, Rtisiell, Saltonstall,
Sfraontin, Slade, Truman Smith, S uart, Sumter,
Talmfeno, Tillmghast, Toland, Triplett, Trum-
bull, Under? ood, P. J Wagner, John White, L
Williams, c H. Williams, Wm'hiop, and Wise
—80
NAYS—Messrs Atherton, L nn Banks, Beatty,
Beirre, Apron V Brown, A'b*rt G Brtwn, Wm
0   Butler, Carr^Connor, Mark A Coop°r, Craig,
Cr«ry, John w Divis, Dog, Duncan, Earl,
Floyd, Griffin, Hand, Hawkms, Hdlen, Jackson,
Jameson, Nathaniel Joi es, Keim, Kille, Leet,
Leonard, Lowell, Medlar, McC'ure, McCul-
1 ifh M Kay, Ivh remand, Mcdill, Mon'anya, Par-
r.sh, Par<nen c, Paynter, Petnkm, Prentus, Rey-
nold-, Ryal), Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Sta,k-
wiather, St'ong, S vcanngen, Sweney, Philip F
Tii ma«, John B Thompson, Tnrney, Vanderpoel,
Vroom, Watterson, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Wil-
1 ams, and Henry Williams—60
Two-thuds not vo'irg in the affirma'ive, the
rules were not suspended
On motion cf Mr. GARL/ND of Virgura, it
was
Ordered, That tne bill and accompanying report
n relation to ll'egal and fraudulent sales of the
public lands in the mining distric's of Wiskons d,
be pi inkd.
O.i monon of Mr GRAHAM, it was
Revived, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire nit© the expediency of paying
Wm. Cunningham, of INorth Caroi.na, for services
rendered to ihe United States as wagon-master,
when th " Government was preparing to remove
the Cherokee Indians.
On motion of Mr  STANLY, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary ot the Treasury be
dueUed to send t > this House a copy of the corre-
spondence between him and the Treasurer of the
Un.'ed States, and be'ween the Treasurer and any
of bis clerks, relative to the a 'uai operation of the
Sub Treasury bill, as it passed the Senate of the
United State 
On mo ion of Mr STANLY, i> was
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to p ace such books and papers in h,s De-
partment as are not wanted for immediate use, in the
fire-nroof vaults of the Treasury building.
This resolution «as read, and disagreed to.
SALARY OF CHAPLAINS.
Mr. COOPitR of Georgia, under the notice
heretofore given, asked leave to introduce a bill to
repeal the laws now in force fixing the salary of
tne Chaplain
Some objection be ng made to granting leave
to mtioduce the bill, Uwas read throughout to the
Hou'-e
Mr. REED called for ¡he yea  and nays which
were ordered, ard, being taken, the vote stood
For granting leave, 21, arairst it, 140, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Boyd, Aaroa V. Brown, Carr,
Mark A Cooper-, John Davis, John W Davis,
Dawson, Edwards, GnSin, Hill of North Caro'ina,
Habbsr I, James, Jameson, J mfer, N* liantel
Jones, McKay, Mitchell, Mon gomery, Te nkin,
Sum er, and lurney—21
NAYS—Messis Adams, John W Allen, An-
d rscn, Atherton, Banks, Baker, Bernard, Beatty,
¡Jeirne, Black, Bijckweil, Boardman, Bond, Brew-
ster, B igpv, Brockway, Albert G. Brown, Calhoun,
Ca'roll, Cartet, C„sey,Chapm->", Clark, Clifford,
Connor, James Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Cranston,
Crary, Croc'reU, Dana, Thomas D?vee, Edward
Dawes, Gar'et Davi-, Deberry, Dennis, Dickerson,
Deilet, Doe, Doig, Eail, Eastman, Evans, Everett,
Filmore, Fine, Filer, Floyd, Garhnd, Gates,
Geny, GidJirg-, Goggm.Goode, Grab m, Granger,
Green, Hammond, Hana, William S Hastings,
Kawts, Pai<  s, Henry, Hill of Virginia, H lien,
Hoffman, Hopkins, Hant, Jackson, Chanes Jobn-
