42                                               CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Clark, Coles, James Copper, Crabb, Cranston,
Crockett, Edw.iro Da'/ e-, D iwson, Deberry,
Dellet, Doe, E.ars, Everett, Gatlmd, Gate's,
Gentry, Giddings, Gogam, Goode, Granger, Griffin,
Grinneli, Hal!, William S, Hasting, Hawes,
Henry, Hill of Virgin,a, Hoffman, Hunt, James,
Jenifer, Charles Johnston, William Co-t Johnson,
Kempshall, Lane, Luc dp, Marvin, Ma«on,
Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Moigan, Calvary Mor-
ns, Naylor, Nisbet, O.-borne, Peck, Randall, Ran-
dolph, Rariden, Riytl r, R ed, Ridgway, Russell,
Sa'tonstall, Shepard, Simonton, Slade, Stanly,
Stuart, Taltafeir\ W«ddy Thompson, Jo'sn B
Thompson, Till nghast, Toltmd, Triple , Tram
bull, Underwood, Peter J. Wagner, Warren, John
Whue, T. W. Williams, Lewi- W.lltams, Jo-ejn
L. William,, Chustopher H. Wi ham", Wm.htop,
and Wi-e~93.
So the House ri fused to reconsider,
Mr. BOTTS, after s .¡a? brief prclim nar/ re-
marks, asked is¿ ye to submit the followi ig reso-
lution:
Retched, That the Commi't'e on Accoun's be
instructed io report to this House by what autho-
rity, and at what time, and on whose application
it was ord red and p,ud, ihey directed the Clerk
of this House to pay the sum i f $1,125 to Charles
J. Ingersoll, as compen-.-.'ioi 10 witne.-'c, &c. ex-
amined in the contested elccinn between the said
Charles J Ingersoll and Cmr e, Nay lor
Mr. MED1LL said hp was not -n his place v.hen
the report was made, hung absent on a speerl
committee. H? hoped, there err, that .',e penile-
man front. Virginia wmld witadraw his reioluii >n
fcr the present io permit him to make a motion in
relation to it.
Mr. BOTTS de<ired first to ascertain the sub-
ject intended t > be embraced Ly the mo'ton,
Mr. MEDILL sa>d tna'in ease ¡he ipsoltition
should be wit.i'irawn, h" inundeJ to subuw a
motion recommitting th- repot' of the Clerk, awl di-
recting him to repoit
"By what authtri), o,¡ «hit voucher , ?rl
through whim, he p , ,| <{> F. liulk'ey the
¡.urn of $500; t> Bayi- Nctt'conus the Him ot
§416, ¡mu (o Geo"ge L ,'rey i.ie irm of glijl, for
services rendeie I by tli n 11 taking d po-ru u« in
the ca e of the contested rlfeUm between Messrs
Ingersoll and Naylor, a-, lepoiiod in Document No.
7, by what authority, anJonuhat vouchers, he
sent to Mr. N-jylcr monc/ to pay his witnesses in
ths said contest, ai d w ich that gertleman says he
returned; whethe. the s<iul vomheisgive the n?mes
and time of atten lane i f t .e-aid witnis-ei, in
whose hand wnuns: u was fi1 d, aid \ hat has ho-
come of the same "
Mr. M. said his reason for makm  the motion
would be found in ¡Iip report of the Cleik 11 rela-
tion to the contingent expenses Hi wai not
aware that Mr. ÍNam-on w.is any more interested
in the payment of tho-se expenses than Mr Nayloi
A cer'am sum had been pud to tl>e commissioner
at Pmladelph a, al-o to th* do^r keeper, &c No>v
he could not 'ee that the torn h ssionti was the
commissioner of Mi W.ersoi t, any more tnan of
Mr. Navlor, or that the expenses incurred for
door keeper, &c opp'ied to or.c of these c< nte-t-
ams any more than toe cth<r And -yet the yentle-
man (Mr Naylor) hid slated that he never touc'i
eJ a dollar of the money it appeared teat a -pe-
cific sum of money had been ^e>n to ihalgcntlennn
fir the payment of his witnesses Now, how cou'd
tie Clerk have a-certained the ex-ict amount of
money ¡or th" payment < f ih^se w tne, e-, unlrss- a
statement of the ¿mount hid hi en first forwarded
to the office of the C erk of ihp Hi íue of P^pr*-
sentatives. He (Mr M) unl ívund that such
was the fact, and t at it  a in lbs band writing ot
the gentleman hit  eit. Wb t motive, a'sr, had
influenced that gentleman m returning a portion of
the money and not the wh< If, he w.-s unable to say.
He hoped the report would be recommitted, as if
the Hou'-e was to have a statement of ihe expenses,
it ought to be full and compleie.
Mr NAYLOR explained that in h s remarks,
the other day, he was merely answering a question
put to him as to wise her his witne-ses bad been
piid or not. His answer on that occasion was
that they had not, but that he had offered to pay
them himself, believing they had no right to receive
it from the Commit ee en AccOint* H- lad ne-
ter undenaken to deny that expense- Ind been in-
curred for cimrm-oioner, door k eper, &c. in re
lation to the accounts appearing ím his hand wir-
ing, Mr. N was undeistood to siy that his wit-
nesses had refused to réceme their compen^at'ci
from him, urging tha', as they had bee i summoned
by Congress, they had a right to be pi id bv Cm-
srtss Under stteh circams'arces, he could do no
less than to certify to the number of days h ■> wit
nesses had been engaged Mr N. said tb?t when
the cha'rman of the Commit'ee on Aceonnt had
intimated to him, at the last sess on, tnat#lr In-
oers ll's money for ih? paymct o: .stresses rrd
been allowed, he expre sed msas o Msbmo,it, and
declared it to be an outrag  nnJ il'et il inasmuch,
there ore, as he hit? nevsr demel that expe'ispshsd
been incurred, during the investigation of the ca.e,
in whirh boih con (?st?nis í.'ere ipclud^d, he did
see why he should be subjected to reb'ike.
Mr. BRÍGGS su gtst<dto the gendeman from
Virginia a modification ©f hi? re ol ,tton a  CV-
lowt:
Resolved, That a'l the papers in re at on to rpo
ney j>a d for witnesses, and the expens-' of taking
testimoiij m the case ofNAYL'iR -nd ínoerSiIX, b«
referred to the Commit'ee on Fubi c Hipcndiiure ,
wuh directions to inquire" how much money ba\
been paid in ?aid ca-e, to whom, toi wna , and by
what authority sad meney was p>il al-o, fjr-
ihpr to inquire whether tHere is any ex.s mg law
authorizing mon"^ to  be ^ d ¡n «ai   cas .
Mr BorTSwiis desirotts t'ruhi surj-ct«honld I
t>¿ prjbed to the bottom, a« " \va- evidir hire '
was fault somewhere. Bjt with regaid o ih" pio
position of the gentleman firm Obro, [Mr. Medill,J
he must decline it, inasmuch a6 ihe Clerk, 'n the
rcp?rt, had stated the fact that the mo .ey vas p i d
under the auth irity of the Couiifit'c on Acoane-
And m relation to th' propimci of ih" gp'ti-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. HriOuS ] he 'nii-t
a'so decline it, for ¡he rca'-o'. ihit v>e \\ i-hed ro af-
ford to the Com'n ttee ,on A.cc unt- sti ipportum'v
of defending ihrm elves l^thei r-'vse Ho thojsr'it
it would be unjust to discus  .he ira'T Ttliou
afTo-dinglhe   comii«ti e i uch an opsoitunity.
The question then being on ther. solut.oc,
Mr. BRINGS moved to amend b, adding tbe
words previously sugge.ted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD had se n ihe on?,n of diffi-
culties 1 ke the-e, and four or five years aro he had
predicted what h'd new ti\en pWf I i 'he CA-e
of Gnham and New bind ot iSntth Carol ni, he
belrvrd the prercd'iit w, s "-'abl^r-ed if paying
boih the con'esiants for a si it It wa r| p car-
ried out in ihe ca e of Moore and Leif her, agamst
uhch he (Mr. IUndkrwo n) had voted, as
hp had also done in tbt- <a<;e ef hs N 'v
Jer-e/ friends the other day. Now, m his opra or,
this practice of paying the expenses m c miested
eieelion'!, of both the confes'ani-, was e.tabb'hing,
a precedent by which the ten thousand witn^ --s
who mi ht be examired before jn-tiees of th 
peace in co-Hes-ted elections, would have to be
pud from one en 1 of the courtry to the o'her.
He was m favor of the p opo ition of h > gentle-
tna from Massicl.u (tti io refer th1 v hole suh'ct
to a commiltee, but it did not sro qm'e far rrong'>.
He though the committee ought ti he diree'ed to
inquire as to ihe ¡pgal ty of pa; ing contestant to
seats here.
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON would not i a, e trou-
bled the House with a sii gle woid in the s.ibject,
had not reference been male to ihe Comint ce on
Accounts B«t the settle'-an ficm Peivisvlvarn
[Mr Naylor] had directed his ete towards h m,
a>id referred to convtr a 'on whvh the gentleman
alleged hid taken p ace between ll.em pievious to
the adjournment ot the last O ngre s Mr J then
proceeded to state lhat he hid net the mo-' distant
recollection of ever having beard ?ny th,ng from
that gentlemen of the character he said had fatten
place; all he knew m reia'ioti to the matter was
from the accounts present d to the committee by
thegendeman from Pennsylvania The commit-
tee, on a reference to the rule, agreed to nass me
accounts without reference to party or other const-   >
derations;   and  the  accounts of  bfíh gen'lemen
weie passed
In passing the resolution, he beli-ved thecm-
mitief had followed the invariable rulp m such
case-, ai <1 «hen th^ p oper time came, they would
be leadv to go ihto the mailer.
Mr. NAYLOR vas ferfctly sure that the con-
ve'sstio" in que-tion took place wrh a member of
the C mtniitee oti Accounls, and trat he had ex-
pri-Ssed hi opinion in r, gard lo the il egality of the
payment io Mr Inge-soil'  yvi.nesces; bjt he per-
hsp, yyas m error in siymg i* wa- tn gent'eman
Srem Virgaua [Vír. John on] to whom he bad
mi e the remark'; he beUeved he m'gbt have been
rm nken in tha* íespfct.
Afier some brief remarks from Mes~i-\ BOTTS
and ANDREWS,
Mr. WISE sud he was sorry tliat this great
conte-* between the two gen'lemen from Pennsyl-
vania, had at last dwindled down lóamete little
shabby mat'er of accounts. He hoped no foreign
issue vou'd bt involved m the inquiry For ins
part, h° argued lhat they ought not to pay for tvo
-eaeiin the Hou e, as a ssat was not wonh double
price. Ihe pnnjiple of pajing double p^ice was
established iosg before th' case of Gnham and
Nev/land; and if we mean to lollow the examp'e,it
would haye 'he effect of offering a bounty to con-
test 'b.p -eats. He had risen, however, to cal! t'ie
at en'i n of ih  House to one point, viz: yvhat
nghi had they to make ei'her Mr. Naylor tr Mr.
Ingemsoll a try, tee for the payment of these wit-
"e-se ? Where «as the authority for ma-ing those
gtnuemen the trustees fcr A, B, or O He would
like io have the inquiry go funner, and require the
C' tinned to go into an account with Governirent,
and -h <\v C t they had paid tVese yvitnes-c; for f
ihey bad not, tre partie- cou'd recover ihe amount
from Garment in any coua of just ce. He
hiped the nitter 'vonld be inve-igi ed, a«, if the
Cominttce on Ac mints ¡iaj paid away morey
v xo'.f fd|i,; ,hey would be pllowe i an opportunity
of accounting toi ¡t. He heped in.s would lead to
• sm, r,.ie or ¡„,v on the subject.
Mr JOáEíH JOHNSON begged leave to «ay
hat, „s a memoer < f he Commute on Accounts,
hu believed they had rot paid away money either
uerlisrt n'ly ol unlawfully The payment had been
mad' ip -tr C conformity wuh ths 131 t rule of the
House, as follows-
"The ri'e ftr paying witnesses summoned to ap-
pear befi re (his House, or either of its comrnitt-ei,
-hall be as foilow-- Vor eaeh ''ay 3 witness shall
atten-", tn su i of two dol'ars; for e?ch mile he
sball irave', in going fropi or corn ng to the p'aee
ofex'.n lnation, t'ie sum of ten cents each way,"
etc.
Mr WISE wi hed'o inquire if that rule autho-
r z d th'* payment of i¡,e money.
Mr J JOHNSON would inform the gentleman
tbat he must propound the quest on elsewhere.
The cnmmi tee passed the accounts as pje«ented,
in accordance With th  rule, and the nxeipis were
nov; on fi e.
Mr. BOTTS desired to know if that rule auiho-
r'ze I the Commntpp on Accounts to pay any thing
without th  order of ihp House
Mr J JOHNSON, m reply, read the 97 b. tu'e
of the House, v,z-
"it shall be the duty of t! e Committee on Ac-
c  t ts to superintend and control the expenditures
ol the contingent fund of the House of Representa-
tives, and to and.tanl settle aH acc-unts «hieh
may !x> c'iirg"d thereon, &3 "
Here, said Mr. J. is the authoniy, snd 'he com-
mittee w II with great plea-ure rep in on ell the
Lies as tar as t^ey can. They have acted in con-
f roviy wita the pr„ciee of the House ever since
we have htd a Government. Mr. J concluded by
ob-ening ih?t tnes onjec ions «ere all a mere mat-
ter of smoke, without ihe le , t shadow of sub-
s<ance.                                         •
Mr SMITH o'Maine wished to know if this
were not pe non day.
Mr. CU&HING wished to say a few works.
Mr SMITH. "0, there has been enough said;
'et us have the wevious ques'ion."
Mr CCSHING ssid he should be very brief in
what he had to say.
