CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             51
on himself when he s.aid, lhatwien that law was I
passed, he was not fully aware of Ihe extent of
its provisions—he ihea was dsiehctof bis dut},
but what was the principles oí that law's it re.
tained, to hit understanding, ihe same predication,
it extended pennons t > the widows, of officers and
soldiers of the R^volul on, who were the wives
of such officers and soldiers at the time when
they performed service—to v'dow*. who had them-
selves sustained sacrifices, aul injuries produced in
their families, by th' i^irm* away the head of the |
family into the military ce vice of me eoan'ry So
far, then, though th ;y had g ne a <-' p beyend th"
individual who had pe formed iVr set vice, they
had n tam<d the broad b_sison wh.ph the p ns on
system wa^ founded. It was ¡n 1&3G lhat to it la<v
was pas eJ, ?nd in 1338 they passed arothxi riwt
essential measure, as they had se.u in ts opTi-aon
on the Treasuu, for he thought he was rut
mistaken when hi said it had taken lour
millions of dolíais from, the Treasury, or had add-
ed that much to the expenses of t e Government.
These laws were pa«s-d when tiev halan over-
flowing Treasury, impelling thesn op to an over-
flowing expenditure. This, then, was a brief re-
view of what he understood to be the general pen-
sion laws which had been passed, he knew, as the
honorable chairman of the committee said, that
particular laws had passed, but he asked if
this proposed la v did not contain a princi-
ple entirely new? From the fac' stated by ¡he
Senator from Ma sachuse't«, me time was
nothing, at the most but tsenty-four hour , bat it
was the serví-e 01 he life oí a gallant and patricio
officer. Bat he wus tut tne first man th<it fell, fir
th« Senator from Massachusetts told them that five
or six freemen of th>s country fell before the wea-
pon was aimed at th; life 01 this officer Could
they, then, pension his widow, and not the widows
of those o'hei men? Could die/ m"Lj such a dis-
tinction? Y«¡, and the next day, . i d t ie next, the
patriots of that period rushe 1 o (he lait'e field, ?nd
should they say ¡ha  th" \vi low if t>v rna*i v ho
fell on the first day oí 'hat contest 'hould have a
pension for her l'fe, and that the v? do'v*, of those
who served in that pj'riciic strife e foi a longer
period, and then ei!, should ha/eno compensation'1
Co'tld m n make this d sn^ct.on5 Cjuld iheir sym-
pathies mducr- Hiem to yie ü to ti' , claim, and not
yield to the othe rs? He had «pjksn ia ad'nin'ion
of the committee, and t'<at adrmratot made it
most reluctant duty to onpo e in sin but to what
extent the princij le 'ii'ght v ctiu \ u ir-oy open-
ed the dcor, he toul! not s>0j,ind '-lae.ir , ne, lelt
impelled to guaid a ain«t anótese n -vih. Who
had apprehe ided^ wh°n the law of 1838 i aspis«cd,
the millions on m. 'ions lhat had bi«ea taken iiom
ihe Treasury ia tiit siort pen id? JNo m.-n, he
veniured to s<>y VV'io cmld iay now, u they
adopted the punciple that the hv ng ,*idoTs> ef
othergallant spmts who rushed to t ,e battie field on
the fust day oí tne Revolution, would not clai-ii to
be pensioned for life, and not only pensioned for
life, but, as in  this caci, for some j ¿an, ba^-k
Mr. BENTON.   Nine ) eais back.
Mr. WRIGHT continued To whit extent ihe
principle would lead, he eou'd not conceive. If
this bill weie to become a la / oí Congress—
if this case  e¡e to prevail, w'.o coald s'and
up and proteo hn ympa'Hes ag¿.n¡>t grant-
ing *imilar pensions to the widows- of tho^e
who fell at Lexmjton b fu e the fill of 'his
Officer? It was views of this sort that irapel'cd him
a year ago, and which would íopel bin now , to
oppose this bil', appealing as foicibiy as it did, with
an irresistible Dree, to tVi" sympaih es and the<r
leelmgs of humanity
Mr. BUCHANAN said he vo td for the pss age
of this bill last setsirn, and h" it *endid 'o vote fir
it again, and while he avowed that intention, he
took the opportunity 'o say that it w?s h,s purpose
on all occasions to watch the expenditures oí the
Government, and to vote for no mesure jar
which he could «oí tole with a strict s nss
of justice. It was said to be a new prin-
ciple in cur lav to gran' peosior^ to witicwo
of men Wio had rendered cernee to their coun-
try; but he affirmed that it was an old national
principle, and not only in our system, but in every
other country he believed, cer airily m all ttto««
civil £'i coun'ne-) "lth which tie u?.s acqn in'ri'
Why, if -in officer of our army w eat to ineoattV field'
of Fionda, aid served bjt a single day, what " ps
the consequente1 Why his widow received a pen-
sion Tne death of a husband, immolated is the
«ervice of his counuj, h^d io it a siiffis ent
justification for the gran1. This was the uni-
versal rule which pervaded the civilized world;
snd he was not ceuain that in ihis countiy
it ought to be confined to this single case. Rijht
or w.ong, Congress had provided that the wido'vs
ot Revolutionary soldier , who were «r.ar'ied when
'heir husbands were m ihe ■•ervice of the country,
should be p nuoned. at,d with strong rea on; but
ihey hid guie fuither, and granted a pemion to
f very lady who had married a Revolutionary sol-
di r up to 1794 He vas preHy much <f tne
op won «nib. the S natoi írom New York in
regaid to that, bat as it had been made, he was
not disposed to quanel wiih it But how could
he justify himselt if he said lhat the widows of
those who came forward to serve their country m
ihe houi of its utmost need should not be entitled,
by ¡such meritorious service, to a pensio'i, when
the widows of those who tetved but su month ,
and those wco married prior to'94, were so pio-
vided loi? Could they «ay that truss who sacrificed
their all, should not be piovided for, while tho-e
who came m when the *danger was neatly at an
end were now drawing pensions from the
countrj; and who, perhaps, were reaping
advantages in civil life by the p'ory which
their military «ervice gave them? Should,
then, the women who were the partners uf
ow soldiers at a time wl en ibey weie ca1 ed upon
to sustain privation >rd suflei ug-, in their country s
defence, be denied sotanee and compensa i n?
If o, t ie<e vrould Lr nei'i erja^ 'cs, noi eqaa'ny,
norrj'ilin 'ied-nit.1. Now, e to the buufen on
th  le^sury, he coald noi iinik it wrnld v« veiy
great Tne claims «ent jack'o'83 thatwasííty-
o3ve«i jeais ago, the peiiod of marriage in this
country, he bel.eved, was about tv.eniy, and
that would make ai y lady now living seventy-
seven jears of ase, and ihere could not be many
such He confessed, wi h his nrmeip^s and feel-
ings h1- could no' <"veh's vote agsmst ihis old la-
day'> claim,and he c'll pot fear that it would br sp'-
t>ng abad preced'nl.and he coi'io notnrceive^ow
any oí his married fiendsi-ould ¡efi^e to "rovi le
for this poor olÍ Widow, \ ho n^d rci uhai c ai ■•s
on theii fo>  prot°cti^n
Tre qa-^'ion was iiipn t^km on o>der ng ¡he bi 1
it b1 engro sed, and 1ecid-.d m the aííi maüví,
yea? 09 n. js 13 as fo'lov
YEAS—Me^rs Andei^on, Bushinan, C'a- ton,
Crittenden, Dixon, Pjlt«n, Gra'idtn, Henderson,
Huntington, Knight, M. i íck, Mou or, ivciolas,
Norvell, Phelpi, Pieice, Por'er, Prenn -,Pre«ton,
Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Siur„eon,Ta I-
mads-e, Walker, Wall. Webs er, White, rn! Wil-
liams—29.
jsj \y^—Me  rs Alier, B>.n"<", Calhoun, Cl*y
of Alabama, Hubbaid, Kins, Luin, Lunpkin,
Martnm, Eoare, Smi'a of Cjnüecncut, Tappan,
¿nil Wngh—13
And then the Seiate «¡.''joarned.
Air JAMES, of Pennsylvania,  6ked leave to
present a petition from an Anti-Slave.-y Society in
his State, and, as the shorter way of stating rts con-
tents, proceeded to read the petition.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON objected to the read-
ing.
Mr JAMES persisted, and, having read the pe-
tition through, sent it to the Speaker that he might
dec de as io whether it came under the rule relating
to Abolition papers.
The SPEAKER decided lhat the petition was
embraced by the rule.
Mr. JAMES then moved a suspension of the
rule in order that the petitioM might be received.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON moved to lay the
motion to ¿i -pend on the table.
Mr. SL AD ¡a asked forth" read'og of the peti-
tion, in order that he might know on what he was
required to vote.
The SPEAKER said that a statement of its con-
tents had already been made by the member front
Pennsylvania, and the rule under which the peti-
tion came prohibited its leading
The question being on the motion to lay the mo-
tion to suspend on the table,
Mr COST JOHNSON demanded the yeas and
nays; but on rbservicg that the House, was not
full, wit'idre* the call.
Mr. ADAMS renewed it, and the yeas and nays
betn? ordered, were taken and resulted as fol-
low :
YEAS—Messrs. Julius C Alford, John W. Al-
len, Anderson, Andrews, Atherton, Banks, Beirne,
Black well, Bond, Boyd Aaron V Brown, Albert G.
Brown, Burke, Sampson H. Butler, C«rroll, Car-
ter, Chmn, Clifford, Connor, Cooper, Crabb,
Craig, Crockett, Cio^s, Cartis, nana, John Davis,
John W. i^avis, Garret Davis, Deberry, Doe, D Jig,
Earl, Eaunwn, Ely, fme, Fsher, Galbraith, Gar-
lmd, Gentry, Gerry, Goggtn, Green, Griffin, Ham
mond, Hawei , John Hilt of Va. Ji hn Hill of N. C.
Hillen, Hook, Hopkins, Hubbard, Jameson, Jeni-
fer, Joseph Johnson, William Cost Johnson,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones,
Keim, Kille, Lane, McCarty, McClellan, Mc-
Ctnrs, McKay, Mitchell, Morroe, Montanya,
Moore, Pickens, Pops, Kayner, Reynolds, Rives,
Shaw, Shepard, Albert Smith, Stanly, Stuart,
Sumter, Sweeny, Taliaferro, Francis Thomas,
Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thorrp«on, John B.
Thomp on, Triplet , Under Jcood.Varderpoel, War-
ren, Waferso", J ihn Wh le, Wick, Jared W.
Williams, Thomas W Wi!!iarr~ í> v s Williams,
Joseph L  ¥/iPt:?ms, ard W si—99
NAYS—Adami, Bainard, Beatsy, Boardmaa,
Bnggs, Brockway, Calh-mr, Carr, Oas*y, Chitten-
den, Clark, Cranston, Cu hing, Dsvee, E. Davies,
Edwards fillmore, Fletcher, Floyd, Giddings,
GraFg-r, Hastings, Henn, Hunt, Jaskson, James,
Kemp"hall, Leet, Lmco n, Lowell, McCulloch,
Malloiy, Marvin, Morgan, C Moms, Palea, Payn-
ter, Peck, Pioffit, Ranrien, Reed, Rus-ell, Salton-
stall, S'licntoa, Sladi, Jonn Sm ¡h,Truman Smith,
Til'mghas', Tobnd, frumbail, Pe er J Wagner,
and Wmthrop—53
Mr. JONESrf Virginia, on leave, reported from
the Committee on W?ys and Means a bill mak-
ing aDpropnation fcr the current and contingent
expenses of the
iNDIAN DEPARTMENT,
and for fu fillns the vanou  Meaty   stipulations
with Indian tribes.
Mr. BARNAuD wished  to inquire ihs amount
required foi the Indian Depari-
men*.
Mr. JONES repbed that it was $700,000.
The aryvc bill was read t*ic", and on motion
of Mr. JON E3, was referred to tf>e Coaimittee of
the Whole on the Mate of ihe Union, and, with the
accompanying documents, ordered to be printed
Mr. JONES, on leave, reported tiom the same
committee a bill making apprnpnations for the
NAVAL ¡SERVICE,
for the year 1841; which  was read twice, referrsd
in a Committee of ihe Whole  on the ¡.tate of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Petitims weie luisber ptesemed by—
Messrs. TAYLOR, WELLER,«adGIDDINGS,
of Ohio.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, Dec 23, 1840.
The SPEAKER laid befor? the House a com-
rnumeaton from the Post OSice Depanr.ent, m
coinphaace tuih the resolu ion of the House of
Re¡.res-niaiives of the i5ih m-t-iit, transmitung a
li-t of all the car'ailmeni- in üie iranspor'auon of
t e mail, ra?de -mce ihe clo'e of th" first se«s on i f
the present Corgres^, wi'h the da  s whea su,h
curtailments vers made, ihe time «hen they toi k
effect, and the smount cf e, ah
On motion of Mr. EVERcTT, lau on the table,
and ordered to be prm'ed
Pe itions «veré ihnn preoented by—
Mi  SHAW, of New Hr-tnpshue
Messr*. SALTONSTAIL and WINTÍIROP,
of Massachu-e'ts,
Mr TiLL!NGrIl&T, of Rhode Uand.
Mr. SLADS, of Vermont.
Mr FLOYD, of New York.
