CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
5t
sufficient on that head, sufficient, at all events, to
warrant the íntroduciton of his b.U. The other
part of it—that which related to revenue—was iree
from all constitutional question, and presented no-
thing but a question of expediency. It presented
the simple question wheiher the moneyed interest
employed in banking ought to be made to con'ri-
bute to the support of the Government; and to that
question he expected a general answer in the affir-
mative. To the expediency of suppressing the
small notes under twenty dollars, he should also
expect an affirmative answer from the majority of
the Senate and the people He himself, bhould
be for suppressing all under one hundred
dollars; but the public mind was not yet
ripe for to strong a measure. Ths small notes
under twenty dollars were the great evil at pre-
sent. Tbey were a pe^ilence, a nu sanee, and a
curse to the country. They drove specie out of
the country, an<l made sate bank.ng imposio'e.
They threw the losses, when banks stopped pay-
ment, upon those who had no benefit from banks.
when they were going on th°y threw all the losses
upon the laboring aid small dealing part of the
co-omunity They promoted crime and immorali-
ty; for the counterfeiting, and passing counterfeit
paptr, fell almost entirely upon the srna'l note.
They banished silver, for how could a silver dollar
circulate aga nst a one dollar note? They ba-
nished gold, for how ould an eigle circulate
against a ten dollar, or a hilf eagle against a
five dollar bill? They were injurious to every in-
terest, except the banking m'erest, and to them
they were the source of enormous, but most un-
due pr fit.
Mr. B submitted his bill, with the declaration
that it «as one of ihe measure for the protection
of the constitutional currency, and the restriction
of the paper system, which went to the foundation
of partie , that it concerned the great question of
tiie age—that of the currency—on which Jefferson
and Hamilton divided fifty years ag), and on
which Democracy and Federalism mii.t continue
to divide until the qucs'ion of mastery and perma-
nent supremacy was decided between the banks
and the people.
At the request of Mr. TRESTON, the bill was
then read.
Mr HUNTINGTON said it was not usual, nor
in accordance with the courtesy generally extended
to Senators, on asking leave to introduce?  bill, to
make objections but this bill was of stich a cha-
racter, that, with the views ha entrained it
seemed to him it was not properly «c^rruMb'e
There was a provision in the Con-tituudn which
provided that all bills for the raising of revenue
should originate in the House of Representatives,
though the Senate might make amendment^thereto
Now what was this bill' It was a bill by which it
was intended to lay a tax upon all bank notes
issued by any banking incorporaron in this coun-
try. It was not confined to any district or terri-
tory, but it was a bill to lay a tax, in the form of a
duty, to be assessed and paid into the Treasury of
the United States, and thus forming a part of
the receipts and the money of the Government,
and to b« expended as such. Now if he understood
the Senator from Missoun [Mr. Be-nton] aright,
that Senator considered it a part of their obligations
to compel these corporations to pay a po tion of
that which justly goes into the Treasury m the
shape of revenup, and if so, it was not within ihe
powers conferred upon them by ihe Connitu on;
and c^uki they, then, rermit the introduction of a
bill containing such a provision' He had no in-
tention to reply to the rema ks of the Senator frrm
Missouri on the merits of the bill, with the views
he entertained he did not consider the Senate could
consti utionally receive the bill, and therefo-e he
should attempt no reply Some years ago it was a
question there whether, indeed,the S nate could re-
duce a rate of duty proposed to be imposed by a
bill which had come up from the o her- House; but
on that subject he had now nothing to say, nor
should he say a word on the merits of this bi'l, he
merely felt it to be his duty to state the views he
had on the question of its reception, and therefore,
on the question of granting leave, he called for the
ayes and noas.
Mr. BENTON said the objection of t-e Senator
from Connecticut [ Mr. Huntington] was a very
fair one; it was one which he had anticipated, for
he should have sat there for twenty years to very
little purpose, if he had not foreseen it. He re-
peated, it was a fair objection, ard if was entitled
to the grave consideration of the Senate. But in
the twenty years that he had sat there, he had seen
the thing done, and that map ece sf legislation
which they deemed the most s^cied of all the legis-
lation they bad ever done; he alluded to the com-
promise act of 1833, which origina ed in the Se-
nate, and to that part in which they raised the duty
on coar e woollens from five to fifty per cent.
That bill was entertained by this body( i  was ear-
ned through this bo3y, and was perfected by this
body.
Mr. WEBSTER.   N\ no, no, not perfected.
Mr. BENTON repea'ed that it was- perfected
by this body. He knew well what he said It
was perfected by this body, it was discussed and
amended in this body; afterward pd >p ed as an
amenlmcnt in the House of Representatives,
and trien was ce-u up again to this hoase, and
pa.scd as a House bill That bill, afei being
enlert ned by this body, and perfected by this bo-
dy, or discussed until they were satisfied mhi1,
wa<5 taken as an amendment by the oilier House,
passed there, and sent heie, and then passed hete
Thus it began here—was discussed h 're—amended
here—perfected here—but not passed till adop ed
and sent up by the House.
Mr CLÍY of Alabama uould suggest the pro
priety of lai ing no question of this kind on the bill
until it was printed, the discission could come
up more properly when the b II was about to have
its second reading, or on the question wheiher it
should be read a second time
Independently of the que tion raised by t> e hn-
norab'e S nator f.om C i> o-tieu , he bebeved
there was another grave constitutional question to
be determined, namely whether they had the pow-
er to regulate State bank lnstitutu ns at all. If
they could raise a tax to the amount proposed, they
could laya tax to any eth-r amount—to an amount
that would be a total prohibitioa of a system of
bankirg whieh they had had from the foundation
of this Government. Let the bill be printed, and
then let the question come up when they were ac-
quainted with its provisions
Mr WEBSTER asked what could be a clearer
case than this' The very head and title of the bill
showed thir it wis intended ther by to lay a tax,
and ti e Coi tt'ut on ■■aid that „ll snch b l's sheu' 1
ongina'e in th° Huus-e of Representan '«.s Tie
cise of the compromise act was different, the gene-
ra! scope of that att was not to raise, but to reduce
taxes, but even then it was thought that it had a
very doubtful right fh re But he was surprised to
hear any ¡rentlerran asking leave to introduce such
a bnl as th s
Mr HUBBARD moved to lay the question of
reception on the table, and that tie bill be pnn'ed
He hoped m question would be taken on the bill
until they had had an onrortunity to real it
Mr. HUNTINGTON hoped the gentleman
would withdraw his motion for a moment He
was about to remark that the soegesnnn of
the Senator from Alabama, [Mr Cut,] that
th y should let th,s bill take the t sjal course,
and that the objections should be consi-'ered
at another st'ge, se med to him to be one iba' ought
not to be indulged in by the Senate. Th  provisions
of the Constitution were directly opposed to the
S'nati'  nsht to enieriam this till at .11, and be
thought theSen,te ought to meet it a' once. Why,
then, a mot en for po trorrmem'* Had not every
Kdy heard the bill reía"* Anl were they not sa-
tisfied that m its very terms it proposed to lay
a tax which should be paid, as a part of th'
revenue, into the Treasury"! if this were
so, be thought the uo'im ought t> be disponed
of, that the ques ion ought to be sett ed, and he
thon-ht the Seni e was as ready now as u wouM
b  at any other time, even if the bill were printed
They knew what it contained, and if they had not
the right to entertain this bill, which in its letter ?nd
spirit was a bill to raise revenue, he would like to
know why it was there for a moment?   It could
nst properly be there, and therefore he hoped the
qaestion would be takei, and that th* yeav and
noes would be orde ed.
Mr. CALHOUN said it was uado'ib edly true
the Senate could not originate a bi 1 to raise a re-
venue by taxation; and at anothei period, on ano-
ther measure, when he pre ikd over the Senate,
the question was raised, whether, as they had not
the power to originate bills to raise revenue, they
could reduce taxation, hs everruled the objection
and the Senate confirmed his dtcisio/>, and the
compromise bill was passed under that decision.
But in its progress, as a i amendment was made
in favor of course woollens, and as the question
had amen as to the right of the Senate, the other
House adopted the amendmtnt as its own, to obvi-
ate any informality. He argued that ihe question
should be decidid by the Chair, whether this bill
was admissible
Mr. KING did not agree with the Senator
f'orn South Carolina, that th s que non called
for the deeis'on o* the Chan. it «as for
the Senate to decide whether th s proposition
should be en ertamed, and there could be no agency
in the matter until the S nate ha 1 dej>ded wheiher
the bill should be received. He nould take that
occasion to ssy that he was not prep? re I to receive
it because it was in d re t eonlradistioi to the pro-
visions of the Consitutoi. lie would say,
further, thai .f it lame firm ihe other House,
it weuld find but Jitt'e fav r wuh him, but it was
then suffic ent for bim to say, that it was m
direct conflict with ihe C institution, and the Senate,
kno ring whit its provi-iotij were, should now
com'1 to a de mop.
Mr CAÍ UOUN si d, the m't on «a. to receive
this bdl He cone l/.dit was th> du y of the
Chair, if the b 11 was n conflrt with ihe Contti
tunon, to say so
Mr. PIERCE, hid not h-d t^<> fittanf to hear
the bi 1 read at lei a; h, bu> h* s pp > ed 'he idea
of rejec ing the prop isition to receive a bill
was b mewhat ex raordmary. H* did not at
present, understand its provision ?nd, tKerefore
he was gratified wuh the mot on o h s colleague,
[Mr. Hubbard] wh ch would s ttle n> principle
in regprd to it, he motion merely going to th'exient
of laving it on the table, thai th y might have it
printed, to give to those of them v h( had not hsard
the bill raad at length an opportunity to read it.
After what he hart heard, he concurred wuh ihe
opinions expressed, but he p*er ir<d re?d ng the
bill ft i h ins li As m pti c ¡ tus nvi 'vrd, he
ho1 eJ th,.' in t di n of i iept >n a d punt-
mz wi ui 1 b a! p ed, and w th tint m tntiun he
wou'd make ti e rroaon
Mr. WCBbT&R hop d the ajes and noes would
be taken thereon.
Tue PRESIDENT stated the question before the
Senate, and
Mr. SEVIER rose to make an appeal to the
other side o the hous he thought the course pur-
sued on the other cide was a strange on-, and
therefore he hope] for tneir mdutpence to aUow the
bill to be printed What d d they pr pose to gam
by th- course they «ere taking D ubtle^s th-ir
object was to ("efeat th* bill, it it Mere introduced
at all, and why njt then i urcduce it and defeat it
oiis merits
Mr WEBSTER wi-bel to say t^at his object
was rot to í'efíat the b li—he h pel, himself, to
co ísider ¡t, bat hu dirl not perm't himself to enter-
tain ai opinion m us merits v h-n it was a consti-
tutional quesfon nat «as oefor  them.
As to the q íest on of pmtin'', be thought it was
at pie ent suffic eat iha* tney hiJ heard the bill
read, the bill u?s ent fed a bill for the laying
a tax on t>>e issues of b?nks, and it proceeded
to H/ that tax, but if Senators were not
satisfied, they could have it re?d ?gam, but he
wished the Senate to give not the slightest degree
of countenance to a measure wh ch the Constitu-
tion expiessly prohioited Now, the motion to lay
the bill on the table, implied a doubt whether it was
not rightly there, he had no doubt it was wrongly
there altogether, and they ought not to take the
slightest incipient s ep on such a bill. It had
been read, and it was clearly for the laying of a
