58                                            CONGRESSIONAL OLOBB.
tax; and it was clear that such a bill was not within
their constitutional power.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said no principle what-
ever was involved m the motion of his fnead from
New Hampshire—'.hey neither voted on the adop-
tion nor the rejection of the bill. He hoped the
Senate would adopt the motion, allow ths bill to te
printed, and that th&y would have another opportu-
nity to vote on its merits. Not doubting that the
Senate would give them that opportunity, he
would now renew "hi* motion to !ay the motion
of the Senator from Missouri on the Ub'e, and that
the bill he printed.
Mr. WEBSTER hoped the question would be
determined by the ayes and noes, which were or-
dered.
After a few words from Mr. CHLHOÜN, Mr.
CLAY of Alabama, and Mr. WEBSTER, the vote
was taken on the motion to lay it on the table, and
it was determined in the nf gative—ayes 18, noes 22,
as follows:
YEAS.—Messr?. Allen, Anderson, ben on,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Hubbard,
Linn, Lumpkin, Norvell, Pierce, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wall,
and Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Buchanan, Clayton, Crittenden,
Davis, Dixon, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
King, Knigh , Mangum, Merrick, Nieho!a«,
Phelps, Porter, Premiss, Preston, Roane, Rugbies,
Smith oflndiana, Tallmadge, and Webster—22.
Mr. BENTON then said he had accomplished
the main, though not the whole of his objects in in-
troducing the bill. One object was to bring the
question before the country—that he had accom-
plished, and therefore he would now withdraw his
motion for leave to introduce the bill.
Mr. WEBSTER .said the Senator could not
withdraw it without the consent of the Senate.
On this ques-tion a point of crder arose, which
led to an animated debate, in wh;eh Messrs.
WEBSTER, TAPPAN, CLAY of Alabama,
PtERCE, CALHOUN, KING, CRITTENDEN,
HUNTINGTON, PRESTON, SEVIER, MER-
RICK, PHELPS, and others took part, a report
of which will be given hervafter.
It was then resolved, on the motion of Mr.
PRESTON, thai when the Senate adjourn, it do
adjourn to meet again on Mi nday next.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP P.EPRESENTATiVES.
Thursday, December 24, 1840.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
1.  From the President of the United Statss, in
compliance with a resolution of the Howe of the
17th inst. asking "what appropriations of money
at the last se.-sion of Congress were expended by •
htm; dosignatiog to what particular objects such
appropriations were made, and the specified sums
suspended; and what sums continued to be so sus-
pended at the commencement  f the present session,
and their objects respcciivelw."
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, laid on the ta-
ble, and ordered to be printed.
2.  From the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
milting a report, in compliance with a resoluiion
of the House of the 17ih inst. relative to a cor-
respondence between himself end the Treasurer of
the United State.-;, in respect to the operations of the
Independent Treasury.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS, laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
3.  From the Post Office Department, in answer
to a resolution of th: House, submitted a few days
since, inquiring "whether Ralph Jack<on is a con-
tractor for carrying the mail in the Su e of Illi-
nois," &c ; from which communication it appeals
that Ralph Jacfc-on does not hold any contract un-
der the Department fur carrying the mail.
On motion of Mr. GIDDINGS, laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
4.  A report from the Clerk of the House, on the
sale of damaged'and useless paper.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND,  laid on the ta-
ble, and ordeied to be printed.
The following Senate bills were severally read a
first and second time, and referrei to the appropri-
ate committees':
Tbe bill amendatory of the act abolishing im-
prisonment for debt.
The bill in relation to donations of land lo cer-
tain persons m the Slats of Arkansas.
The bill to quiet the titles of certain land claim
ants in the States of Missouri and Arkansas, and.
for other purposes.
The bill to settle the title to certain tracts of
land in the State of Aikansas.
The bill to relinquish to the State of Alabama
the two per cent, fund reserved by the act for her
admission into the Union, to be applied to the mak-
ing of a road or road¿ leading to said State.
The bill to establish an additional land district in
the State of Alabama.
Ttie bill for the relief of certain settlers on the
public lands, who were deprived of ihe benefits of
the act granting pre-emption rights, which was ap-
proved on the 19th of Jane, 1834.
The bill to grant other lands to the inhabitants of
townships deprived of the 16 h section by Indian
reservations.
The bill to authoriza thr inhabitants of township
eight north, range thirty-two wc-t, in the Stale of
Arkansas, to enter a section of land in lieu of the
sixleent section ia said township, upon conditkn
that the same be surrendered to the United Stales
form.litary purposes.
The bill authorizing the inhabitants c-f fractional
township ten south, of range one east, in the State
of Arkansas, to enter one-half section of land for
school purposes.
The bill tor the relief of sundry citizens of Ar-
kansas, who lost their improvements in conse-
quence of a treaty between the United States and
the Choctaw Indians.
The bill to relinquish the reversionary ink-rest
of the United States to a certain reservation in the
State of Alabama.
The bill for the relief of Jamej Smith of Ar.
kansas.
The bill for the relief of George W. Pa'cha'l.
The bill for the relief of William Jones.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The next business in order was the metion or
REYNOLDS of Illinois to refer a memorial from
the Legislature of shat Stale to the Committee on
Public Lands, with the following instructors:
" To report a bill to grant prospective pre-emp-
tions lo settler* on the public lands, and to reduce
the price to settlers according to the value of said
lands."
Mr. REYNOLDS advocated his motion at some
length, and dwelt upon the injustice done lo the
new Slates by the present land system.
His remarks will appear hereafter
Mr. PICKENS regretttd exceedingly that his
friend from Illinois had thought proper, at this
time, to bring forward such a subject. We were
now at the commencement of a short session, with
many other matters pressing upon us, and, in his
opinion it was not the proper period for agitating
a subject of the most vital interest to the'Union.
From what he had heard from the gentleman from
Indians the other day, and from what had been
manifested from other quarters of the House, he
was convinced thst no question in future ihatmight
be biought rip before Congress would be more agi-
tating, or of a greater interest than the disposition
of these public lands. For his part, when he came
to legislate on this subject, he would, as he did on
all other subjects: he would legislate neither for
the inhabitants of log cabins, nor for the occupants
of palaces; but he would legislate for the jusiice
and honor of his country. This, however, was not
ihe proper time for legi-..latlng on so important a
subject, and he could not but regret its introduction
at this period of a short session. The proper time
would be at Ihe next Congress, which would
bring a new set of Representatives.
The question on the adjustment of the tariff
would be also then brought up, when there would
be time to mature some measure which should
do justice to both the individual*, as well as to all
States. He confessed that, in prospect ef the next
census, he considered the question of the public
lands a very different question from what it was
twenty years ago, when they had to legislate bat
for a few States, and for a small band of citizens,
who hadgone forth to seek a living in the wilderness,
and to erect their habitations in the forests of the
West. The subject of the Western lands was to
this Government our colonial system, and his de-
sire was, when the subject should come up, to
place these people in a different situation than that
in which ihey had been for tbe last ten years, and
to set free our colonic?. Hs wanted some fixed
principle in relation to these lands, not as a money
or tar ff question, but as a. question of politics. He
was interested in the prosperity and freedom of the
West, and if we ever had another pre-emption bill,
he would prefer that it should be one fixing Ihelaw
in advance. A general prospective pre-emption
law, would be far more preferable than one extend-
ing only to two or three years. The latter, in his
opinion, was ur.jun and unwise legislation. This
was the reason why he had opposed pre-emption and
graduation laws previously inlroduced,because they
were made after the ease had occurred,and no systt-m
could be wise which was thus exposed to the ope-
ration of so much partiality. He would propose
that this subject should come up at the next Con-
gress, when ihey might fix on some system that
would do credit to tbe Government as well as to
the citizens concerned. He would not say what
he might be forced to do, but if the prediction of
the gentleman of Indiana [Mr. Proffit] should
be verified, and the people of the We*t came to
demand what they called justice, he would then
consider what justice was, and do his duty to his
own Sta e as well as lo them.
He would prefer that ihey would legislate oa
some general system, for it was not right to be
guided by local interests, as it was impossible for
him to know what might be the principal interest
in this or that question which might arise. He de-
sired to ¡op oii every branch of corrupt Executive
patronage which had crept ¡mo the land system
during the last ten or fifteen years. He believed a
graduation system might be nfcessary ai a matter
of justice to the rights of the States, but he would
advocate rome general system, founded on enlight-
ened and statesmanlike view , which would do ho-
nor to the country, and not upon this colonial sys-
tem of the last few years.
Mr. P. csncluded by expressing a hope that the
whole subject would be suffered to re.;t until tha
next Congress, and that his friend from Illinois
would not press his motion of instructions.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON moved to amend
the instructions submitted by Mr. Reynolds, by
substituting the following:
"To refer to the Committee on Pcblic Lands,
with instructions to reporta bill to have the pro-
ceeds of the sale of the public domain divided
among the States in an equitable ratio, to be used
by the States for internal improvements, education,
or any other purpose, as may be deemed wise by
the several States receiving said distribution."
Mr. JOHNSON then advocated his amendment
at some length; after which,
Mr. HUBBARD took the floor to reply to some
of the statements of Mr. Johnson; and, in so do-
ing, proposed to illustrate the accuracy of his own
position by reference to statical facts/having refe-
rence to the value of waste lands in Alabama, &c.
Mr. H. had not prcceeded far, when he said that
this was a more important subject—that the discus-
sion bad been sprung suddenly on the House—that
he should like time for consideration—and that if
any member would move an adjournment, he
would yield ihe floor for that purpose.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, then moved
that when the House adjourn, it will adjourn over
to Monday; which was agreed to.
An adjournment was then moved, and the ques-
tion was taken by yeas and nays, and decided in
the negative: Yeas 59, Days 94,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to postpone tha
subject until the second Tuesday in January next;
which he afterwards withdrew.
And another motion was made to adjourn, which
prevailed. And the House adjourned until Mon-
day.
