CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                63
Mr ANDERSON of Mame followed; bat owing
to the Customary loud conversation near the Re-
porters' de k, not one word m a dozen could be
beard with distinctness
Mr. SHEPAED moved to amend the bill, by
adding the following, to come in as an additional
section:
Sec. 2. Aiid be ii farther enacted, That the act of
March 3, 1837, entitled, An act for the more equi-
tab'e administration of the navy penb on fund, be
repealed
Mr. REED objected to the amendment. He
thought its adoption at this time would be too pre-
cipitate. He wished a full and careful examina-
tion before the law should be repealed.
After some brief remarks from Mr. TILLING-
HAST,
Mr. PECK demanded the previous question,
which was seconded by the House.
The main question was then ordered, and, being
put, 6rat on the amendment, resulted as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atheiton, Banks,
Beirne, Black, Blackwel1, Boyd, Brewslei, Bmke,
Sampson H. Butler, Will am 0. Builer, Wm.
B. Campbell, Carr, Ca*.y> Chinn, Clifford, Cole-,
Connor, William R Cooper, Crabb, Dam, John
W. Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Doig,
Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Everett Pine, Fisher,
Floyd, Galbraith, Garland, Gerry, Giddmgs, Grif-
fin, Hand, Hawes, Hill of North Carolina, Hub-
bard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Leadbe ter, Lewis,
Lowell, Lucas, McCblian,McKay, Malkuy, Mar-
chand, Medill, Montanya, Parris, Pickens, Pope,
Prentiss, Reynolds, Ja- Rogers, Ryall, Shaw, Albert
Smith,S'eenrod, Strong, Stuart, Swcanngen, F. Tho-
mas, Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Turney,
Underwood, Vroom, Watterson, Henry Williams,
Lewis Williams, and Christopher H. Williams
—81. <
NAYS—Messsr-.   Adams, Jadsoa Allen, Bar-
nard,  Beatty, Boardman,  Calhoun, Carter, Chu-
tenden, Clark, Cranston, Edward  Davies,   John
Davis, Dellel, Edwards, Everett, Fillmore, Gates,
Goggm, Goode, Granger, Graves, Creen, Haber-
sham,  Henry,   Hill   of   Virginia, Hil'en,  Hook:,
James,   Kempshall,  Kille, Lan ,  Leet, Lincoln,
McCarty,  McCulloch, Marvin, Mason, Monroe,
Moore, Morgan, Morrow, Naylos Nesrhard, Os-
borne, Palen, Paynter, Peck,   Randall,  Randen,
Raynei, Reed, Ridgway, Edward Rogers, Russell,
Saltonstall, Simonton, S'ade, Truman Smith,Tho-
mas Smith,  Stanly, Taliaferro, John   B   Thomp
son, Tillii-ghast, Toland, Triple , Tiumbull, Pekr
J. Wagner,   Thomas W.  Wi'hams, Joseph L
Williams, and Wise—70.
So the amendment wa= agreed to.
The question then recurring on ordering the bill,
as amended,  to be engrossed for a third reading,
was put, and decided in the affirmative
The bill was then read a third time, and passed
On motion of Mr. WATTERSON,
'__ The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, December 29, 1840
DEATH OF HON. FELIX GRUNDY
Immediately after the reading of the journal,
Mr. ANDERSON rose and addressed the Senate
as follows.
Mr President By the last mail, I recen ed
from Nashville the «ad mtell.gence of the death of
my esteemed friend and distinguished colleagu",
and I rise to announce the event to the Senate.
He died at Nashville on the 19th instant. I
have no words adequate to express my deep regret
for this great public loss. I will not indulge, upon
this occasion, m mere expressions of privaie grief,
though I might find pardon and sympathy in the
bosoms of many of his personal and end-ared
friends who surround me They will ftel
with me that they have lost a friend who
merited   their   esteem,  and   m   whose   social
qualities the kindness of the heart was ever
conspicuous, and never, for a moment, extin-
guished by party contests But, sir, in br ngmg
this melancholy event to the notice of the S?nate, I
am reminded not only of the claims of private
friendship—of the loss which I feel that I have
suffered m his death—but that I am about to ask
the action of this body in reference to a man who
was one of the Patriots and Slate men of this
land—a man of whom it may b? said, truly, that
he was the arufieer of his own fortunes, and wore
those honors meekly, which his fidelity and talents
had won in many a well contested field of mental
action
His lo s is a public misfortune, and it will sink
deep and lastingly into the bosoms of his country-
men.
He was born m 1777, m the county of Berkley, in
the Old Dominion, that «other of patriots and
great statesmen. His father emigrated in 1780 to
Kentucky. At an early per od he was left an or-
phan, guided and cherished by a mother on whom
misfortune had cist its deeptst shpdows. He was
liberally educated at the Academy of Bardstown,
Kentucky, then under the superintendence of Dr
Prikvti y, and passed h s scholastic days in hono-
rable rivalry with such men as Row a , Pope, and
Davis
He studied law with that eminent civilian and
ardent patnat, George Nicholas In selecting the
legal prof ssion, he consulte 1 his natural taste and
cast of mind, an I when he came to the bar, he
soon acquued the confidence and patronage of the
public in 1799, when a convention was called m
Kentucky to revise the Constitution, he was chosen
as a member of that body from the county of
Washington, and was afterwards elected to the
legislature of that State, and was the authoi of
what is denominated the circu t court system, by
which justice vas brought nearer to the hands and
the doors of the people
He was subsequently eiectcd to the Legislatur of
Kentucky. He con'mued in that station from
1802 until 1806, when he was made one of the
Supreme Judges of the State, and, at the transftr of
Judge Tom> to the Suprem  Court of the Urn* d
States, he was made Chief Justice. In 1808 ne
resigned that office, emigrated to Tennessee, and
engaged in the practice of the law The same suc-
cess followed his efforts there. The popuHr confi-
dence wss early bestoved upon hin, and when our
difficulties with Great Britain excited the appre
tension that they cculd not be amicably ad
justed, his patriotism, his zeal, his Wisdom, and his
talent, pointed him out as the man peculiarly qua' -
fied iutn whom to entrust sucn hi?h interes's—and
I believe he was eiected Without opposition frem
the Nashville district, a member of the Cjn-
gress rf 1811 and 1812 He was placed dur-
ing that memorable period, by the distinguished Se-
nator from Kenuieky, then Speaker rf the House,
upon the Committee of Fo-eign Relation -, wMch was
composed of some of the ablest men of the nat on It
was with such men that he w?s rated, and i' \ia=
then that be first became known to .hs who'e coun-
try, and equall*- distinguished for his wisdom in coun-
cil, his untiring zeal, and his pov. eiful and ¡nsp.nng
eloquence. It was the meridian of hi- life, and the
fire of his youth had not subsided, tint gentler, per-
haps not less lofty strain of eloquence to wh ch
we have listened here in his Utter days, marked
ihen his efforts, but they had also an added strength,
and energy, and point, that gave to all he said the
highest force
After his retirement from h¡¿ po' ition there, he was
elected to the Legislature of Tennessee, and con-
tinued to act a valuable and distinguished part in
the councils of his adopted State. In 1829,
ha was elected a member of this body la
this- station he continued until 1837, when he re-
signed his seat—and was afterwards called
to the cabinet by the present President, and was
again returned to the Senate at the commencement
of this Congress
Of h's action here I need not speak. Of one
thing, I think I am certain—he hss left no enemy
in thia body, and many warm, very warm and de-
voted friends, who will long cherish his memory.
That gentle but mighty spirit, that could move so
poweifully upon others, has itself been finally acted
upon by the G ver of all good, and we are per
nutted to cherish the belief that it now rests in the
bosom of our Heavenly Father He was aware
of the immediate change that was about to trans-
late him from time to eternity He contemplated
it wuh calmness and Christian resignation, in the
humble hope that he would be numbered among
the pints of the redeemed made perfect. Religion
had smoothed his path, and made his dyirg bed
soft ind gentle to his h°arl a.% the downy pillow.
We shall h^ar h s voice no more, but we will
cherish his memory—for his was a spirit ever
kind, nobis, and bland ns a sumrrer's morning.
His eloquenc  < harmed and dehghted, tften con-
founded, but never repelled the admiration of his
adversary. His friends—h s State—his whole
countr}, will deplm  his death as a pub'ic cala-
mity. History wid attest tnat his life has been
closed through a long path of to 1, of patriotism, of
honor, and of fame.
Mr A then offered ihe following resolutions
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from
a "sincere denrt. of showtn<- every mark rf respect
due to the memory o' iVk, bono ab e Felix Gbondt,
>pte a member the tof, w M go m'o mourning, by
«eann,' crine on h  hit arm lor thirty da>s
Resolved, Th it is ?n adJi tonil mark of respeet
f r thr m mor/ of the honorable Felix Grundj,
t'ie Senate do now adjourn
Mr BEÍSTOS nre and said, that among the
number of Senators now present, to whom a long
ard friendly mtereour e w th our deceased brother
Senptor voJd give the right of seconding themo-
t on to confer honoi-, upon h s memory, he claimed
to be one, ard that on ace unl of a friendly inter-
course between them Lng before their meeting in
this cham er Judge Gwjndy, after having at-
tained the holiest p'o<e s oml advancement in the
State of ln> ürsi adoption—after having at an early
a^e become C-iief Justice of the Supreme Court of
Kenuck/—after hat ng earned the highest distinc-
tions of th-1 bir and of the L^gis'ative body, amidst
the brilliant competition of genius and talent which
nlus'rated that jourgSia c—after achieving all this,
a t>atear'y sge, when many are just commencing
•he senous business of life, he removed to the State
of Tennet, er there to recommence h s distinguished
profess onai career. Th s w-s in the year 1806.
My l?w license, said Mr B was just thensgned.
I was then a bnefles- yomg lawyer at the Nash-
v.lle bai, and quickly h<id occasion to experience,
in the conduct of the distinguished new comer, the
generous and brotherly  feeling which leads the
•*
