64
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eider member  of the profession to lend a help ng
hand to the younger. To bear! ghtly on the errors
of mexperi' nee—to aid with advice—to extol what
was praiseworlh}—to encourage every honorab'e
effort—was his conduct to me as well as to all
other beginners in tha arduous career of the law.
Thus commenced om acquaintance, m the exer-
ciS8 of personal and political friendship, thirty-
four years ago, and the friendly ín'ercourse then
bagan, has been continued upon a higher and dif-
ferent theatre until death ha* c'osed the door upon
the progress of his mentorous and eventful ufe.
These circumstances give me a righ', among
the many who are here and could so justly
claim it—they give me a right to appear
as the second to tha motion which has just
been made. The Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Andirson,] the last colleague of the de-
feased, has well po'trayed the character of Judge
Grundy—has v, el! presented the leading events of
his distinguished life, the high order of his talents,
the benevolence of bis heart, and the amenity of
his manner*. He has ske ched the outline, wiih a
friendly and a just ha-d.ef these events and quali-
ties To fill up that outline, and to give the details
of that picure wheh he has so beautifully pre-
sented, would require a time and an opportunity
which the present sudden and rielanchoiy occa-
sion does not pre ent He has dore all when the
occasion permits He has presetted the piclure
of a good mtn, and of a great mm, rising to emi-
nence by the evercise ol value ..nd talent^, and
dispensing private happiness in the family and
social circle, while discharging the hi^heji duties
of the jurist, the statesman, and the pa-
triot. He has done more he has be n able
to present—the h'e ol oui deceased friend en-
abled him to present it—he has been able to
crown the picture which he has diawn, wiih th-.t
feature without which all human character
wtu'd be HBptrfrct, he has been able lo pre-
sent hini as a Chrisiiau To this, said Mr B I
can have nothing mue, on this occasion, to add,
and, thereftre, tulfii my purpose m rising, by se-
conding the motion which has betn male tobe tow
our last honors on the memory ol our deceased
brother S nan r, Judge Gt umiy
Theresolutiot s weie ¡hen unanimously adopted,
and the Senate adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
i«i Dtr, D-(    <), 1840
After the íournal had been read,
Mr GIDDINGS moie I a u consider ilion of the
vo e by which, on yesterdu ,the H use had passed
fb.2 bill malting appropriation (or the payment of
NAVY PrfiSlOAS,
and which con amtd an aaierdment  repealing the
act of la 17
Mr RLtSD, after 'ome prdimnary remarks,
moved a postp nementtí ihe subpet until Tuesday
next, in orJei that ih = bill might be printed, and an
opportun ty aff rded lo members to examine it.
Mr F THOMAS h ped that the motion to pos*-
pone would not be passed, as the money appro-
priated in the oi 1 would become du  on the fust of
January
Mr ADAMS contr-nr'ed that the pmendment re-
pealing the act ef JSJ7 was an mconsis encj, for
while the b 11 itatlt appropriated money to piy
pensions under that at t thp amendment took away
the authority for paying them
Mr. REED, at the suggestion of se/eral mem-
bers, withdrew the motion lo postpone.
Mr. TILLINCHAST made some brief remarks
in relation to certain specific abu es which be al-
leged existed ¡n the navy pennon ¡¡ylzm
Mr PICKENS said he had but a word to say.
He thought, on yesterday, that he agreed with the
gentletran from Massachusetts in respect to this
law, and thought that be was following his friend
from New York, [Mr. Monroe ] who so eloquent-
ly spoke of the trust fund b-ing seized upon, which
was set aside for specific purposes. He thought
he was following these gentlemen for the repeal of
the law, for it seemed unjust, and as he conceived,
ought to be repealed. Now that act ?s repealed,
(said Mr P) we find gentlemen win denounced
this law, speaking again ! its repeal H; could not
understand this system of legislation. If there
were specific cases of iBjusdce, as stated by the
gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr Tillinghast,]
let the chairman of the Commitieeon Naval Af-
fair*, bring in a bill to obviate them, and he
would cheerful)} vote for it. He believed that, to
preserve the navy, we must preserve its honor.
The law, as stated by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts at d the gentleman from New York, was
unjust, and Mr P was for its repeal. It was by
passing such laws that we struck at the honor of
the navy, and the House did right in purging the
statute book of the unjust law
In case the House should refuse to reconsider the
vote, he hoped the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee would bring in a bill which would cover the
whole mattf r, and do justice to widows and orphans
Mr. SALTONSTALL, after a review of the
origin of the navy pension laws, contended that
the law of 1837 ought not to be repealed without
proper notice beini; given to the persons receiving
pensions under it li the House thought proper to
adop' a measure of this kind, he thought at least
>ix month ' nonce ought to be^given, ao otherwise it
would cause gieat inconvenience
Mr. SHEPARD then took the floor, and was
proceeding 10 vind cale his amendment, when
A message was received 'rom ih' Senate, by
their Stcre'ary, who presented a scries of resolu-
tions adopted by that body, announcing the decease
of the Htm Felix Grundy, a Senatoi from Ten-
nessee, and paying a tribute of respect to his me-
mory.
The resolutions having been read,
Mr A V. BROWN of Tcnne see rose, and in
a very impressive manner pronounced the follow-
ing tulogium                                                            I
Mr Spfakeu- The painfal annunciation which j
we  have just heard, rr ikts it pr p°r that I should
submit to the House the resolutions which I  now
send to jour table
It is true thil ihe deceased, at the time of his
tkalh, was not a m-mber ot this House but he
was tnce a member of it, and Ihe deep and mds.
hble impress of his taknts and patriotism, whilst
he was hete, the lapse of nearly thirty j ears has
not been able to efface What record m our ar-
chive^ does not tell of his giea' and invaluable ser-
vices, m 1812, '13, and '14, when we declared and
piosecutcd wnh saccess "the second war of inde-
pendence," against the proudest and stiong-
est nation m the wtr'd? The boM and
thrilling eloquence with whieh he urged this
body to decíate that war, and the readi-
ness with which he voted for all the supplies, both
of men and money, necessary to its prosecution,
identintd Mr Gruvdy with the most illustrious
patriots of that eventful period
Were the«e bis only services, a Nation'  grati-
tude m ght still challenge at our hands, as well as
fiom the body of which he was a member, some
tribute of respect to the memory of one who was,
at that period, so wise m council and so eminent ¡n
debate.
His public career commenred more than fortj
years ago, in the convention for revi<irg the Con-
stitution of Kentucky. He was then but twenty-
one or two years of age, but exhibited, during the
deliberations of that body, unerring evidence of
his future usefulness and eminence.
He was afterwards, for six years, a dis mguished
and useful member of the Legislature of that State;
losing nothing, by comparison, with any of those
eminent lawyers and statesmen of which Kentucky
has always been so prolific.
In 1806, he was elected one ef the judges of
tb« Supreme Court of that State, and was soon af-
ter appointed its Chief Justice, and discharged its
duties with industry, impartiality, and distinguished
ability.
In the winter of 1807-'8, he removed to Ten-
nessee, and for several years devoted himself ex-
clusively to the practice of his profession, in which
he had but few equals, and certainly no superiors.
To say this of any one who came in forensic col-
lision with such men as John Dickenson, Judge
Haywood, Jenkin White ide, Judge Overton,
and in later years with Judge Craeb and William
L Brown, is no ordtnarj praise. In criminal ju-
r sprudence, even these claimed no competitorship
with him, buthe stood out in advance of all others,
unrivalled as an able, eloquent, and successful ad-
vocate.
He served m the Legislature of Tennessee, be-
ginning in 1819, about the same length of time he
had done in that of Kentucky—placing on her
statute bosk some of her most valuable laws, and
giving lo her legislation, by his precepts and exam-
ple, much of ihat moral tone and liberality of prin-
ciple which now distinguishes it.
In 1829, Mr Gbundy was elected to the United
States Senate, and commenced his labors m that
body with the administration of General Jackson.
What his services to the country have been since
then, either as a Senator or Attorney General, is
too fresh in the recollection of all to need to be re-
peated on the present occasion. But the future
history of this country (when that history can be
«ruten unbiassed by the party prejudices of the
da)) cannot fail to award to M' Grundy the
highest meed of praise, of having been a safe and
discreet Counsellor, an eloquent and efficient Sena-
tor, and an undoubted Patriot.
The loss of such a man, at any time, must be
felt by the nation. At such a moment as the pre-
sent, when America stands in need of all the talents
and all the patnoiism of a'l her most gifted sons
hii loss must be deeply felt, and deeply mourned.'
To his own State, that he so dearly loved, which
had honored him so often, and whose recent confi-
dence in h'm I know he was anxious to repay by
the most devoted zeal and fidelny—to Tennessee,
his loss must be almost irreparable But, O God '
what must it bs to bis bereaved family' To her, who
has been the wife of his bosom from youth to old
age—from the days of his poverty to those of
wealth and of fame'—to her, whom we (looking to-
ward Mr Turkey) so lately saw watchmg by hts
side, with such conjugal affection, and such Chris-
tian hope'—wha* to her must be his loss' What
to his children ' But I forbear I have no right to
conduct you into "this house of mourning," whose
agon zed inmates must hok to no earthly source
for consola'ton in this sad hour of their bereave-
ment and sorrow.
Mr BROWN faea sent to the Chair the follow-
ing resolution'
Rtsolved, unammou'lj, That as a testimony of
respect for the memory of the Hon. Felix Grundy,
la'c a member of the Senate of the United States,
