coivct:
26th Cong.........2nd Sbss.
BY BLAÍR & RIVES.
ContimteX from JS"o. 4.
this House will go into mourning, and wear cr?pe
for thirty days.
Resolved, That as a farther mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, thsi"< House do now
adjourn.
Tfce resolutions were adopted; and
The House adjourned.
Note —From the notice of the remarks of Mr.
TiLLiNGtui-T, in relation to the navy pensions on
Friday, it may be inferred that he was opposed to
the existing Jaw of 1S37, and for its repeal. Such
was not his intention. Oil the contrary, hs op-
posed the repeal, and spoke against entertaining
the section for its repeal as an amendment to the
appropriation bill under consideration; ceriideriug
it both irregular and unjust. He said ii there were
any specific abuse, a? some gentlemen alleged, that
could be traced to that law, rather than to other
and specific legislation or to misconstruction, s'ill
this furnished no ground for a repeal of the whole
law in this summary mode, providing no substitute,
whereby the bread would instantly, without notice
or preparation, be taken from the mouth of the des-
titute widow and the orphan child of the gailmt
men whose fund we had taken as trustees, and
were bound to administer for the purposes so dear
to their hearts. He referred to specific instances of
hardship and cruelty, as well as as gross injustice
and impolicy, which the repeal would produce, and
it was to these that Mr. Pickens alluded in his re-
ply. He contended for a reconsideration of ¡he
vote by which the House had repealed the act of
1837; having per-onally requested one or h-o
friends, who had voted in the majority lo move p.
reconsideration; and in the beginning and end of
his remarks, maintained that the. net of 1837 «as
a portion of a S3 stem honorable ¡0 the country,
and due to the navy, and onpht. not to le repealed;
but if the imperfections cr abuses existed, tl <j
should be consul, rod in. tíie ihnp  of a sop jato bill
for their correction, which I was le Í to believe the
Committee on Naval Affairs wou'J ere long re-
port.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, Dec-.mbcr 30, 1840.
The PRESIDENT srbmi"cd a ccinair.nicalion
from the Department of S.a'e, in answer to a reso-
lution of the Senate of 231 itist. directing the
Secretary of Sate to com¡,nm;cate lo the ¡Senate
the returns of the een us of tb's year, f,o far at re-
ceived into his oífiee, giving only the a'gregal of
the population in each S.aie or Te.Tit.>ry, dc.-io;-
natmg the number oi whites, of free persons of co-
lor,andall other persons, in '.hree s'-paivue columns,
and stating how far the returns are mcomp'eU 111
any State or Territory; which was laid or. the tabic,
and ordered to be printed.
Also a communication from the Treasury De-
partment in answer to a resolution of the Senate uf
the 21st inst. requesting the Secreiary of the Ttea-
surytos<ndto the Sena'e all the documents and
papers relating to the reports of the i'iffeiem boards
of commissioners actiu: n .der ihe act for the
final adjustment ofcla'.ms tol n> .nine fc-'ta'e of
Lousiana, approved February Ii, lri2:i; which ves
refefred to she Coaunntjo 011 Pri/ate Liad
Claims.
Mr. LUMPKIN presented th" petition of J Jm-
son K. Rogers; which wa> refine J, to the Comtni-
teeon Indian Aifairs.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut pre'c-nted the peti-
tion of the he:rs of Silas Dianr; ". hit h wn: roferred
to the Committee on Revolution.-! ry Claims.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, 'he pinion snd
papers of Warbam Kingslev, now on u'e, wrre re-
ferred lo the Committee 01 Pensions.
Mr. HUBBA.KP presented the petition of J?mts
Williams; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the petition and pa-
siok al «:
TUESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1841.
■WEEKLY-
ders of Hannah Smith, now un file, were referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of John
L?ndis, praying ¡hat Congress may purchase cer-
tain pictures; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of a
large number of citizens of Onondaga county, N.
Y. praying for the passase of a general bankrupt
law; which was- referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the petition of
John Polhemu , now on file, was referred to the
Committee on Cairns.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on the
Post Oflice and Post Roads, to which ivas referred
the bill for the relief of Avery, Saltmar*h and Co.
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Aitairs, to which was referred the bill for the relief
«f the corporate authorities oí the city cf Mobile,
reported the same, without amendment.
Af'er some remarks by Mr. B. and on his mo-
tion, the bill, by unanimous consent, was considered
as in committee, of the whole, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. B. from the fame committee, to which wns
referred the bill making compensation to the State
of Maine for the services of her militia, reported
the same without amendment.
Mr. B from the same com mi ¡tee, to which
was referred ihc bill for the. lelief of certain com-
panies of Micliif'n militia, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. J.INN, fioru the Cimmille-" on Private
Laud O'ainv. to which was reicrrel the petition of
the heirs ot Madam Í); Lus.-cr, leported a bill for
their rel of; which was read, and oidered to a se-
cond reading.
Mr. L. also, from the same committee, reported
the bill ;o>- the relief of Miguel Eslava without
amendment.
Mi. L. ;Jso, from the same colli«nitte , to which
Wis re/erred the pc'.ibon of the lej.il representa-
tives of Pierre Bonhomme, reported a bill for their
rci.ef; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. PHELPS, from ¡h" C immiitce on Indian
AtT.,'r°, to wirch wps r.f rred the petilio.i of J.ihn
Maxwell, reported a Mil for hi-: reik-f; v.hich  as
re id, and oidered to a second n-ading.
Mr. PHELPS, from the same committee, also
rrpured a bill for the relief of Gurdon S, Hub-
D-frd, Robert A. Kinsey, and others; wlxirh «as
r^ad, ap.d ordered to a second reading.
Co. motion by Mr. PIERCE, the bill for the
equalization of the pay of the at my was taken up,
and Mr. P. from theComaiitteeon Mi diary Affair?,
hovitg submitted an amendment thereto, ihe bill,
¡is r.mended, wbs ordered to be pmted.
Mr. ROBINSON, lioni the C>,n ruMee on the
Post Office and Post Rov.b-, to nhieh was referred
a memori.U from citizens of Missouri, praying for
1 chantre in Ui<? mode cf ecrying the mail on a cer-
tain roi.t", asked to be discharged from its further
co«!Mder<it cr>; which was aereed to.
Mr. R. from he same omrni tee, reported a bill
f.n the relief of Kr.'ncis A. Harrison; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr HUBBARD, from >b  C mimittec on Claim',
to which were referred certain rcs'iiutioos of the
Legislature of A1 ahum 1, reponed a bill a 'tnorzing
the" settlement and payment of certain claims of
the Slate of Alabama; which iras rc.-.d, and ordered
to a «.ccii'drcodin! .
Mi-. HuBBARD, al-o, from the same cimmit-
tee, repoited a bill for the rebel' of Jo?crh Pay-
tor-; vhicit was read, and oiderei to a second
reading.
Mr. H, also, from the same committ-e, as-led to
be discharged from the furthrr eeu-i,ler.it on of ¡as
rnemomls of John Pritcheti and Thomas C. Hur-
dick; winch was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that, on some conve-
©BE.
Volume 9.........No. 5.
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
nient day, where there was a general attendance of
Senators, he would ask leave to introduce a bill-to
abolish the salt tax, and repeal the fishing bounties.
Mr. FULTON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Samuel Norris and Frederick Saugrain,
of Arkansas; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands-.
UNIFORM BANBRUPT LAW.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to which was referred various me-
morials on the subject, reported. a bill for the es-
tablishment of a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States; which was read, and
order to a second reading.
Mr. C. said this bill was similar in substance
with the bill which passed the Senate at the last
session. As prompt action on the bill was desira-
ble, he wished to make such disposition of it as
would enable the Senate to dispose of it at it* ear-
liest convenience. The bill was then, on motion
by Mr. C. made the order of the day for the 7th of
January.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill to cede
ike public lands within the limits of the new States
on certain conditions therein named, reported the
same without amendment.
Mr. NICHOLAS gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize
ey peri men U to be made on the application of steam
to harbor defence.
Mr. LINN gave notice that to-morrow he would
ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Enoch
Evans:
Mr. WALKER, ¡a pursuance of previous notice
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to re-
linquish to the State of Mississippi the two per
cent..which accrued r-pon her admission into the
Union; which was read twice, and referred to the
Commiitee on Public Lands.
Mr. W. from the Committee on Public Lands,
to which was referred
A oill foi creating a new land district in the
Siatc of Missouri, and for changing the bounda-
ries of the Southwest and Western land district in
sai 1 Sta'e;
A bill 10 authoiize the Legislature of Louisiana
to sell the lands heietof-re appropriated for the use
of rchools within that State;
A bill to authorize the Legislature of Tennessee
to sell the lands heretofore appropriated for the usa
of schools within that Stale;
A bill to confrm the  survey and location of
claims for lands in the State of Mississippi, east of
Pearl river and south of the  31st degree  of north
atilude;
reported the fame without amendment.
Mr. TALLMADCÍE submitted the following re-
folmion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury re.
port to the Senate a list of the drafts drawn by the
Treasury Department, or by its order, that—be
tween the 28:h day of February, la.i!), and the 4th
day of July last, «.nd also since the 4th day of July
last—have been protested for non-pp.  mat, or that
h'.ve been presented for pay:;i"S}t, and remain ifa-
paiJ; exhibiting, in a tabular form, ihe date of sitcli
dri'ff; lb : names .,f the pajee ; the names an'd of-
fice of ihe drawee.; Ihe pla"e where payable; the
time when payabr ; theV amain'; ihe ijmí when
pre-ented; i.nd the time wpui protested/'
f;HAJlTRR OF THE CI'Ar OF WASíílNGTOX.
Mr. MERRICK submitted a potion directing
the Secictiy of the Senate fo^cause the bill to
amend and conUnu'5 in forte,'ihe acts to incorpo-
rate the inhabitants of the city of Washington,
which was some days since referred to the Commit-
tee on tin rirSricl of Columbia 10 be published in
the daily newspapers of the; city. His object in.
making the motion was 10 give the citizens who
were so much interested in the matter an opportu-
nity of examining the bill, snd enable thpm to sng-
