70
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tory of Michagan respecting the boundary line be-
tween, them; and while that dispute continued, the
State of Ohio delayed the construction of the canal
■within that State. She made no location for the
canal until the 8th of April, 1836, when the loca-
tion was made irom the line of Indiana to Mau-
mee Bay. An application was accordingly made
to Congress for the land selected, and Congress
* made the grant as desired; but now the State of
Indiana came in and claimed the right to make an
extension of her canal, ninety miles, from the
mouth of the Tippecanoe river, and asked for a
grant of two hundred and forty thousand acres of
land for that purpose, which was double the
quantity originally set down, and the mak-
ing of a new location from the mou¡h of Tip-
pecanoe river to Terre Haute; and this was
claimed under the law of 1827, which was entirely
complied with on the completion of the agreement
with the State of Ohio. Now, as he had before in-
timated, he had no objection to grant to the State
of Indiana this quantity of land, but he contended
that the grant ought not to be made under the law
of 1827, when all the rights and privileges granted
by that law had been received and enjoyed by her.
It might be said, and he presumed it would be
said, by the Senator irom Indiana, that that State
had the right to locate her canal to navigable wa-
ter; and so she had; and she did so when
she located the caual to the mouth of the
Tippecanoe river, at that point of the Wa-
bash. Now, assuming these to be the facte,
he thought it would be bsticr to malve a distinct
grant to the State of Indiana, to aid her m this pro-
posed canal extension; and he therefore moved that
this bill be referred back to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, with instructions to report a
grant of the requisite land for that purpose.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana defended the bill at
great length, and real to the Senate the report
which he made during the last session, as the Chair-
man of the Committee on Roads and Canals, in
which the facts on which he relied were embodied
in a compact form.
Mr. TAPPAN rose to reply, but yielded to a
motion for adjournment.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOTJSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, December 30, 1810.
After the journal had been read,
Mr. ADAMS asked leave to introduce  the fol-
lowing resolutions:
1.  Resolved, That the investment in the stocks
of the several Slates of this Union of lands held
by th? Government of the United Stites, in trust,
is to the amount of the sums, so invested and of
the inteicst thereon, au assumption by the United
States of the debts of the said several States, in
the event of their failuie- punctually to pay the
¡same.
2.   Hcsolvcd, That the purchase, by authority of
any Executive Department of the Government of
the United States, of the bond-, of any of the States
of this Union, at their nominal value ot With a pre-
mium thereon, and the subsequent sale of the same
bonds at a dis.count,is an unwarrantable and waste-
ful dilapidation of public fund.--.
3.  Resolved, That it is the duty of the Executive
Government of the United States to require of the
Government of each and every Stale oí thU Union
in whose stock; investment ! of the public moneys
held in trust by ths Government of the United
Sutes have been marie, punctual payment, in spe-
cie or its equivalent, of the interest" stipulated in
ttw sai I mol-ks, and repayment of the principal,
as soooo .to po.vible by the tenas of t'ie contracts
upon which s-jch stocks have s#verally been is-
sued.
4.  líesoívcií, That the further investment of any
pablicfMndsof the United S ates in stock* of toe
reveral States o-jf,htfor::iv.-;fi to be prohibited by
law; and that the Committee cf Ways and Means
be instructed to report a bill for ihat'purpote.
Objection bein- made, th-'v we not receive!
Mr. ADAMS then asked ih.it ¡he resolutions
might be printed for the informática oí the House;
which was agreed to.
Th  next business in order was the wo\lon of
Mr. Giddings to reconsider the vote by which, on
Monday, the House had passed the bill making ap-
propriation for the payment of
NAVy PENSIONS,
with an amendment repealing the act of 183?.
Mr. SHEPABD, the mover of the amendment,
being entitled to the floor, resumed his' remarks
from yesterday in vindication thereof, and in reply
to the various objections which had been urged
against it.
Mr. S. said he was aware that the position
he had assumed was unpopular, and that any en-
deavor to lop off abuses of this Government would
always excite the hostility of those who received
its benefit, and also the opposition of those who
think that the strength of the Government, her pe-
culiar interests, and classes depended upon it.
Your have (said Mr. S.) done me the honor, Mr.
Speaker, to place me upon the Committee on Na-
val Affairs; and I must either do what is right, or
be faithless to my trust. I shall not hesitate to
pursue the former.
Mr. S. was not surprised that a'motion had been
made on yesterday to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment which he had offered had been
adopted, and, after giving the reasons of gentleman
for supporting such a motion, he stated that the
tiue question before the House was, whether the
act of 1837 was right or wrong—whether they were
called upon to repeal it or not; and, if gentlemen
wonld give their attention, he would stale his
op:nion upon the subject. In 1800 the'navy was
in its infancy, or, rather, there was no navy at all.
Congress passed the act of that year, to encourage
persons to enter the service, and offered to them
the highest rewards of human ambition. The act
provided that "the money accruing from the sale
of prizes, shall be, and remain foijever, a fund for
the payment of pensions and half-pay, should the
same be hereafter granted, to the officers, seamen,
and marines, who may be entitle to receive the
same" and "every officer, seaman, or marine, dis-
abled in the line of his duty, shall be entitled to re-
ceive, for life, or during disability, a pension."
This was the origin of the pension fund, and he
asked gentlemen to consider upon it. The fund
was to be given to such officers, seamen, and ma-
rines, who were disabled in the cause of their
country, and Congress had pledged its faith to pre-
serve it. But Congress had violated the most so-
lemn engagements in regard to it.
The act of 1837 specified that pensions should
be given to widows and children of those who died
¡n the service. Now this act was entirely different
from others on the subject. It provided, not for
those who had gallantly fought and bled for their
country, but for those who had ¡lied. A man
might have been a drunkard, a drone; but if he
died, his wife and children would be benefited by
tlms act. Mr. S. contended that the act of 1837
was a violation of the faith of the Government,
and those who passed the act acted in violation of
their duty.
Mr. S. ask,ed the House to go to the merits of the
act of 1837. They all knew how many warrants
had been obtained by persons for the army and na-
vy. A young man, said Mr. S. receives hi? com-
mission, visits for«i¡rn countries, and draws his
compensation. He remains in the service but a
short time before he cries for pay ! pay! pay ! He
remain,- in the nt>vy ten or fifteen years, and does
nothing to merit the gratitude of the country, per-
haps because there na< been nothing to do. He
die.", and hw widow ?nd children leeeiye the mo-
icy of the Government.
Mr. S. would take another case, which was told
to him yesterday. An old soidier, by hard mage
and dissipation, has destroyed his constitution. He
enters ths navy, and in a year or two dies. Under
the act of 1837, the widow and children of this old
hulk receive from this Government pensions. He
had not rendered service to the coun'ly; and by
granting a pension in such cases, rank injustice was
done to the men who look prizfs during tue war;
and this is the act for which v/e have heard lamen-
tations in this House,
Previous to the act of 1837, the navy pension
fund amounted to $1,100,000, and the interest on
it was more than sufficient to meet the demands
upon it befere the 3d of March of that year. The
passage of this act increased the pensions to
§48,000 annually; but its retrospective bearing not
only consumed the interest, but swallowed up the
additional sum of #329,000! Can any man won-
der, then, that the navy pension fund is gone?
As to the purchase and sale of stocks upon wh:ch
the gentleman [Mr. Adams] hid commented with
severity, what better could have been done? At
the time the money was invested,stocks were above
par; and if the Secretary had not so invested the
money, there would have been great complaint
about discrediting the States.
What is the true rule oa this subject? (asked Mr.
S.) Gentlemen shall not have the vantage ground
of me, by saying that Ihty are the friends of the navy.
I am a friend of the navy, sir, and a discreet one, I
hope. The true rule on this subject was laid down
in the act of 1800—that those who had suffered in
the service of their country should be remunerated
for it. The act of 1800 made a distinction be-
tween the brave and the cowardly—the act of 1837
destroyed it.
Mr. S. noticed another objection which had been
made by several gentlemen. Tney had said that
the widows and orphans had received pensions
under the act of 1837; and one gentleman had made
a piteous appeal, and said that, as the children had
been sent to school, the widows expected the pen-
sion. The amount of such an argument is this—
they had received annually, for four years, $48,000
for their back pensions. They had received this
much, which they ought not to have received; and
now we are told that, because we have given for
four)ears, they ought now to receive the money !
The modey belonged to gallant tars, and now we
are asked to convey it—to give it away. "Was that
a sensible argument?
I Whenever an assault is made on the Treasury laws,
(said Mr. S.) there is always an excuse for it. It is
wron™ to suffer harpies to prey upon the Treasury;
it is all wrong! It is the principle against which I
contend. "What do we see? Rome went to war,
and robbed the neighboring nations of their land.
Those who fought the battles—the plebiaiis—
thought they weie entitled to an equal por-
tion of the knd, when the haughty patri-
cians denounced them as agrarians. How
is it in England? All the emoluments of
Government go to particular individuals, and
those who oppose such a state of things ate called
mobocrats. On one hand, in this country, three are
banking institutions, and, on another, domestic in-
dustry, to be protected. If connee'ed with the ar-
my or navy, the principle is all the same, as far as
the public crib was concerned. Lit every man de-
pend on his own exertions  and his own industry.
Mr. S. said he had now finished what he had in-
tended to say. The honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] had used the word
dishonorable in connection with this matter. Mr.
S. understood him to say that the House had acted
dishonorably in adopting his amendment; but a
friend had suggested that he had applied the epi-
thet to him.
Mr. ADAMS said he had made no such applica-
tion of the term,
Mr. SHEPARD said he would be the last man
in this House to speak harshly of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. He had heard many things
fall from him which excited his feelings. He knew
his power, his wit, and tar -reaching points. He
wished the honorable gentleman would be more
charitable, in the angry contests which occur on
this floor. Mr. A. could threw oil on the waters of
strife. When States &;i arrayed aga;nst each other
—when gentlrmen are mad, and know not what
they do—that gentlemen could seize the opportunity
of coming m a-i a mediator—a1? a ¡ink between
Washington and the present generation.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON then took the
floor.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS requested that the
gentleman from South Carolina would yield the
floor a moment, thai a letter on the subject before
us might be read. He then sent to the Clerk's ta-
ble the following letter from the Secretary of the
Navy-
