Nav? Departmknt,
December 28, 1840.
Sm: In reply to your inquiry of this morning, I
have the honor to inform you that the stock of the
city of Cincinnati, lately belonging to the navy
pension fund, was sold according to advertisement
on the 15th instant, the sale being indispensably
necessary to enable the Department to meet, in part,
the payment of pensions falling due on the 1 .it
January next.
I am, very respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
J. K. PAULDING.
Hon. Francis Thomas,
Chairman of Naval Committee, House of Reps.
Mr. THOMAS said that it would be proper for
him further to say, thai this letter was not submitted
in the expectation that it would induce the House
to reconsider the vote under discussion. It would
be seen, by referring to the communication from
, the Navy Department dated *he 1st of December,
and sent to Congress by the President, that there
were at this time, in stocks owned by the navy pen-
sion fund, $158,739; of these stocks, $100,000 were
of city of Cincinnati 5 par cent. This last named
stock was then advertised to be sold at auction, on
the 15th of this month, to reimburse the Bank of
America the sum of fifty thousand dollars, ad-
vanced to pay the pensions due in July las', and
afterwards to meet the payment of pensions due on
the first of January, 1841. The. letter now read
from the Secretary informs us that ihis Cincinnati
stock has actually been sold—at what price, Mr. T.
did not know.
Mr. ANDERSON of Maine interposed to say
that the stock had been sold for $62,000.
Mr. THOMAS resumed. Be it so: it is not
material for my purpose whether the stock
was sold at par or below par. If it sold for
the sum mentioned by the sentleman from Maine,
add that to the $18,647 61 ca<h in hand on the
first of December, and we have about $80 000, out
of which is to be paid the sum of $51,476 73 due to
pensioners on the first of January next: and there
will be a balance of less than $30,000 to be ap-
plied to the payment of pensions for the year 1841.
The pensions lor 1841, if the act of 1837 is not
repealed, will, we are informed, be about $103,000.
If the bill before us be passed in its present form,
making an appropriation of $151,476, by adding
that sum to the $30,000 of surplus from the sale of
stock, we shall have provided a fund of $181,476
to make good the deficiency in the pension fund.
Now, what is the amount of that deficiency'! The
whole amount of steck unsold if, in nominal va-
lue, $58,739. The annual charge upon the pen-
sion fund will be $103,000, if the act of 1837 is
not repealed; and it that act is repealed, then the
annual charge on the pension fund will be $58,000,
according to the statements from the Navy Depart-
ment. He hoped that the act would be repealed,
and that we should have ts provide only the last
named sum in each year to pay theoe pensions.
To produce an annual income to that amount, we
must appropriate at least one million of dol-
lars to be inveited, if we propose in that
way to maku good the deficiency in the fund.
The small surplus which will be left out of the
appropriation now proposed, will afford very li-
mited means to make such an investment. If,
instead of making such an investment to create a
capital in p'ac3 of that which Congress has misap-
plied, we intend to pay the navy pensioners who
are to be on the pension roll, whether the law of 1837
is or is not repealed, by an annual impropriation,
still it seemed to him that there was no necessity
for reconsidering the vote of the House to reduce
the appropriation in this bill. A large proportion
of it would be expended next year. The balance
would be unexp-.-uded on the first of January, 1841,
and would serve to pay the first half yea/of pen-
sions due on ¡he first day of July, 1842.
Under these circumstances, Mr. T. expressed
the hope that the House would not reconsider. It
would be much better for all who desired to get lid
of the obnoxious law of 1837 in the form we have
now undertaken to do ii; and as to other questions
connected with the pensions, they can be rightly
disposed of when another bill, which the Naval
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Committee is prepared to report, comes before the
House.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON contended that the
trust fund under the law of 1800 ought not to have
been touched. Congress had no right .to touch the
money sacredly appropriated to a class of men who
had dearly earned it with toil and blood. As, how-
ever, it had been taken, he trusted that no time
would be lost in refunding it.
Messrs. ANDERSON, MONROE, EVERETT,
REED, and NAYLOR, severally gave their views,
a notice of which will appear hereafter; when
Mr. JAMESON moyed the previous question on
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. TURNEY moved to adjourn, which motion
prevailed.
And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, December 31, 1840.
The PRESIDENT submitted a communication
from the War Department, transmitting a repoit
from the Chief Engineer, relative to a site for a
fortification on Lake Champlain; which was la:d
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the petition of Scott
Campbell; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of lh<-
president and managers of the Philadelphia and
Norristov.'n Railroad Company, praying for a re-
mission of duty on certain railroad iron; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, the petition and pa-
pers of D<miei Pettibone, now on file, were referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred th<? pe'ttion of James Ben-
nett, and the petition of Y\M!iam 'White, asked to
bedischaigcd from the further consideration therco'";
when v/ai sgieed to.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Adam D.
Stewart; which was referred to the Committee oa
Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition <f
Stephen Simpson, executor of George Simpson,
deceased; which was xefeired to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. RUGGLC3 presented two memorials, re-
monstrating aga.nst a repeal of the fishing boun-
ties.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the petition and
papers of Wm. Dickinson were referred to the
Committee en the Judiciaiy; and the petition ;.ni
papers of Alloy, Staunton and Company, were re-
ferred to 'he Committee on Finance.
Mr. N0RV2LL presented the petition of Ezra
St. Jo'cn; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill for the ertc-
tion of light-houses, and ¡he placing of light boats,
etc. reported the same with sundry amendments.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the bilí for the relief
of certain companies of Missouri volunteers, re-
ported the same with amendments.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Pensions, ashed to be discharged from the further
consideration of tic petition of John R. Midwiu-
tei; which was agreed to.
Mr. KING, from the Comm;ttre on Commerce,
to which was refeired the bill increasing the com-
pensation of certain officer*' of revenue cutters, re-
ported the ;ame without amendment.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, repotted
a bill foi the relief of Jacob Pennel), and others,
owneis of trie Eliza cf Brunswick; and
A bill fixing the compensation of the collector
of the port oi St. Louis; which were read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Reynell
Coates and Waller R Johit.>-on; which wa': read,
and ordered to a f  comí1 rending.
Mr. ¥/. from the snmi committee, made an vm-
favorab'c report on the petition of Wm. S. Kevins.
On motion by  Mr. STURGEON,  the petition
71
and papers o'f Mr. Knowlcs, now on file, were re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. NICHOLAS, in parsuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
authoiize experiments to be made od the spplica-
tion of steam to harbor defence; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. KNIGHT, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
bill for the relief of the Steamboat Company of
Nantucket, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. LINN gave notice that to-morrow he would
ask leave to introduce ¿ joint resolution, to autho-
rize the adoption cf measures for the occupation
and settlement of the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. SEVIER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked an-! obtained leave to introduce a bill to
amend an act entitled "An act supplementary to
the act to amend the judicial system of the United
Staler;" which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
District cf Columbia, reported a bill for the relief
of Caspar W. Weaver; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
And also, ¡he bill authorizing the granting of
letters ie3¡a¡.;enü-.ry to aliens in tl:c District of Co-
lumbia, wvhcuí amendment.
Mr. NICHOLAS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary A lairs, to which was referred the bill making
compensation to the State of New Hampshire for
the seivices tf her militia, reported the same with-
out amendment.
Mr. YOUNG, in pursuance of previous notice,
ask-'d .mil olf.iiicd leave to •.nttoduoo a bill for
the relief oils thella Hill and others; which was
ler"1 '.wic, and rcícried.
f.í,-. KING save notice that io-morrowhe would
?s!- leave u> introduce ¿ SAI lor the reiief oí Joba
Scott.
The resolution submitted yesferday by Mr.
Talliiadsi; was considered and agreed to.
The bill for the relief of the corporate authorities
of ¡he city of Mobile, was read a third time, and
passed.
The bill to create an additional ¡and office in the
State of Michigan, and for other purposes, was
¡aki-ii nn as in committee of the whole.
Mr. &ORVELL sa-d that the till proposed to
e.-:..b!i.h a ¡:cw lai.d oVttict north of i'.iu Grand
river, m tii: S'aro ol'lvilchii;;;;:. The information
for wh.sh hi1' collt.ia.uc ha.i cah&d, upm this-' £ub-
jtct, bad b'sii received. It amounted simply to
th'f: ihat in that poraon of the pre. ent district
which the bill was intended to e-tabli-.h ks a new
di-tricf, only between iwo and three hundred acres
of the public lands hid been sold. Tnis new land
office was designed to induce persons to go into
that counuy •<. r the purpose of m.«.k -g purchases,
by the ccntenicnce at.d accomrnoüa.ioa which it
would afford to ther.1. If hie co:!cagu , however,
was adverse to the .nil, he was ¡¡of uií.iost.'. to
pr&is its par-sage. He bad done his c'iity in br:ng-
iBg it b'f.';.' ;ae Senate. He beLeved it was re-
quired bv the i ,te:cst of the Sii't: but it was for
t¡-e fer.ate to clispcs > Si it as the y tbourrht pro; c-r.
Tney had pisaa it ia-si rcsLn ..7 a voto oí two to
one.
Mr. FORTER spoke r.t neme ¡ergfh in cppo.r>
tion to tii- passage of the tut, as unarcerba/y tud
unasked :oi by the people of >li;h;g,ia.
Mr. IVOitVELL ng.eucd that his colleague was
ashamed to a.-k lor ¡hi 0! jert contemplated in this
bill. He, hiin<elt, was ashamed of making arpli-
«.ivion ior nothing whioh weuld promote the ¡l-
tcresi oi'his Si.ue. Th.3 bill was r,<-t t" ?o >n*o
effect aoti! the fourth ot July next; and ll.ea, if
his recoil' ebon served hira corrte-ly, it would be at
ihrro^cieii-m of the President to postpone lis opera-
tion until fie pabhc inteiea required it logo in'o
tffoct. Teat,1 at least, was the H.'eatirc; and be
thought the h:ll contained f<:<- 1 0. pri -.i=i")i, ?.-; it
p.iSio-d at l:;e last session. fejI-Hr, 1 -,'o.j'o :.i.ig
land disiriots where few or no UniJ.* l,.i-l bjeri sold,
were not ui.Ui.-ua!. Yncy woe ret -without fre-
quent precedent;-. Tee- pro art bill had met the
appiotation of the  G?r¡c:al Fjsnd Off.es,   Cut 11
