74
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
examination, Mr. McLeod was committed for tna),
and he is now imprisoned in Lockport jail.
I feel it my duty to call upon the Government of
the United Slates to take prompt and effectual
steps for the liberation of Mr. McLeod. It is well
known that the destruction of the steamboat
"Caroline" was a pubhc act of personam her Ma-
jesty's service, obeying the order of their superior
authorities. That act, therefore, according to the
usages of nations, can only be the subject of dis-
cussion between the two National Governments-
It cannot justly be made the ground of legal pro-
ceedings in the United States against the indivitiu
als concerned, who were bound to ob¿y the au-
thorities appointed by their own Government.
I may add that I believe it is quite notorious that
Mr. McLeod was not one of the party engaged in
the destruction of the steamboat "Caroline," and
that the pretended charge upon which he has been
imprisoned rests only upon the perjured testimo-
ny of certain Canadian outlaws and their abettors,
who, unfortunately for the peace of that neighbor-
hood, are still permitted by the authonties of the
State of New York to infest the Canadian frontier.
The question, however, of whether Mr McLeod
■was or was not concerned in the destruction of the
"Caroline," is beside the purpose of the present
communication. That act was the public act oí
persons obeying the constituted authorities of her
Majesty's Piovmce The National Government
of the United Stale, thought themselves, called upon
to lemonstrate against i', and a remonstrance
which the President did accordingly addicts to her
Majesty'  Government, is mil, 1 believe, a pend'ng
subject of diplomatic discusión between her Ma-
jesty's Government and the United States Legation
in London. I feel, therefore, justified in expecting
that the President's Government will see the jus ice
and the nee vsiiy of causing the present immediate
release of Mt. McLeod, as well as of taking such
s'eps as may be requisite foi preventing others o(
hvr Majesty's subjects fiom being persecuted ol
molested in the United Stales in a similar matine
for ihe future.
It appears that Mr. McLeod was arrested on thi
12th ulinno, that after the examination oí wit
nesses, he was finally committed for trial on thi
18th, and placed in confinement in. the jail of Lock
port, awaiting the assizes, which will be held ther«
in February next As the case is naturally occ i
siorimg a great degree of exci'ement ai d indigna
Hon withia the Butish frontur, I earnestly hou«
that it may be in your power to give m  an carlj
and satisfactory answer to the present íepiesenta
ion.
I avail myself of this occasion to tenet-/ to yoi
the assurance of my distinguished consideration.
H. S. FOX.
Hon. John Forsyth, &c. &c
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Fox
DefarimíNt tf Statf,
Washington, December 2G, 1840
Sir* I have tie honor to acknowledge, and haví
laid beJore th<¡ Prewdent, your le'ter of the U h
instant, touching the arrest and imprisonment oí
Alexander McLeod, a British sUDj ot, and late
Deputy Sheriff of the Niagaia Dr-ir ct, in Uppel
Canada, o  a charge of murder and aison, as hav
ing b en engaged in the capture and des', notion ol
the s'eamboat "Caroline," in he Month oí De
eember, 18)7 m i,, pect touhiciyou state nal
you feel it >oui f'uiy Weill upon ihs. Gro/unm nl
of the Umied St i es to take prompt and efinteía
s.ep* ioi ihe Iteration of Mr McLeod, and to
prevent others of the ^u'jei ot hei Majtstj, ihi
deen of O eat Binani, fiom beug peisceu eel oi
molested ma1- m'ar manrer, fo« toe futuie
Tins d mR* d, wi h ¡he gr> u  Is upen which it i
made, has been duly con c]erid b> the PrtMdtt
with a since e oes *•<• to  give to u sich a rep y a
will not onlj mai itst a oror-n-rcr; nl n-i th'* eha
ract r and nsh'a . i i!i3 Uii.ied b .• tes, hut, s-t tn
same time, tend to pr "etvc'he pmicaile rel.Mi !S
which, so i.dvant-gcousl*' roi bo 'i,stus' I be ** en
tms country an i  1, igUnd.    Oi the reahtv ci th -
disposition, and ol ihe unifoim ty  «mi   ihuh i
has been evinced in he many del cat*" ?nd dilhcull
questions wh'cb. have arisen betweer* th- i* o coun
tries m the last few years, no one can be more con-
vinced than yourself. It is then with unfeignej
regret that the Pres dent fimds himself unable to
recognise the validity of a demand, a complianc*
with which you deem so material to the preserva
tion of the good understanding which has beef
hitherto manifested between the two countries.
The jurisdiction of the several States which con
stitute the Union is, within its appropriated sphere,
perfectly independent of the Federal Government
The effence with which Mr. McLeod i<s charred
was committed within the territory, and aga'nst thi
laws and citizens of the State of New York, and id
one that comes clearly within the competency of hei
tribunals. It doe , not, therefore present an occa
sion where, under the Constitution and laws of ton
Union, the interposition called for would be pro
per, or for wh ch a warrant can be found
in ih.3 powers with which the Federal Executive js
invested. Nor would the creams anees to wmc*i
you lave referred, or ihe reasons you have urged
justify the exertion of such a povver, ¡f it ex
isted. The tiansaction out of which the question
arises, presents the case of a most unjustifiable m
vasion, in time oi peace, oí a portion ot the temtorj
of the United States, bj a band of aFmsd men frori
the adjicent territory tf Canada, the forcible cap
ture by them within our on  waters, and the subse-
quent destruction of a steamboat, the properly ot a
rit ¿en of the United ¡States, and the murder of one
o  more American citizen  If arreted at the time,
the offenders might unquestionably have been
brought to jusli-e by the jud cial authorities of the
State Withm whose acknowledged ternt>iy the^i
climes were committed, and their sib^cqutnt vo-
luntary eniiance «ntMn fhat tern'ory, places thena
m Ihe sime situation The l'resilen' is nol
awfie of any principle of íntem-ttopal law, oi
indeed of reason or justice, which entitles suca of
fenders to impun ty before the legal tribunals,
when coming volun'auly withm their independent
and undoubted jurisdiction, became they pc'ed in
obedience to their superior authorities, or because
their acts have become the subject of diplomatic
discussion between the two Governments. Thee
methods of redress, the legal prosecution of the of
fenders, and the application of their Government
for "atisfaction, are independent of each olher, and
may be separately and simultaneously pursued
The avonal or just,iieai'on of the outrage by the
British authorities, might be a ground of complairl
with the Government of ihe Unued S'a'c*, distinct
from the violation of the teiritoT and laws of the
Slate of New York. Tne application of the Go-
vernment ol the Union to that of Great Britain, foi
the lediess of an authorised outrage of the peace,
dignity, and r gh s of the United State , cannot
deprive th" Fíate ( f New York of her undoubted
right of v ndica* ng, tnrough the cxercse of hei
judicial power, ti*e pioperty and lives of her cm
sens You ha veiy prop rly regarded the al-
leged ihseiee of Mr McLeod from the scene oi
the offence at Ihe t me when it was committed, ai
not material to the d'cisionof ihe piesent question
That is ? matter to b  decided by legal evidence,
and the sincere desire of Ihe Pres dent is that ll
may be satisfec'ou'y established. If the de-
stiuc'ion i Í the Carol ne w« a p ibhe act of per
•ons in her Majesty'  service, obeying the ord ro\
their si.p-nor au'hen'ies, this fact has not been be
fore communicate 1 to t^e Governrpc * ef the United
S'aie^ b/ a person authiriz< d to make the adre s
sion, and it'/ill be for theonrt shchhas 'sken
ciynuinceof t c ofic.n<e vsith vn eh Mr McLeod
is ch? g^d, to decide upon its val J> y when legally
i.v'-*bli hed before tt
Th' President deems th s to be a pnper ceas on
to rem'nd th1 Government of h r Britann c Ma-
jes v tl ai ,he eve of ihp "Carp! ne" ha" been lor g
s-ince brought lo tl e aierunn of her Marty's
pruic pal Cecre ary of 3 at  for Foreign Affaiis,
«ho, u i to th s d?y, has not conrJitimcated it? d -
c ■= on tturcapon It i h^p d hat the Got,eminent
of her Mai sy will pero ive the impo tan"e of no
longer lerving- the Govcrrment of the Un>fed
States uninformed of its vie^s and intentions upon
a subjeet w1-ch has naturally prod iced much ex-
asperation, and wh ch has led to such gray consj-
quences.
I avail myself of this occasion to renew to you
the assurance of my distinguished consideration.
JOHN FORSYTH.
H. S. Fox, esq &c. &c. &c.
The documents accompanying the President's
message, in relation to the
BURNING OF THE STEAMBOAT CAROLINE,
having been read, and the question being on the re-
consideration of the vote by which 5,000 extra co-
pies had been ordered to be printed,
Mr. ALFORD said he was happy lhat be had
moved the reconsideration, and that he was now sa-
tisfied, having heard the papers read, that they
they ought to be printed He was satisfied that the
answer oí Mr. Forsyth was a good State Rights
paper; and he should think that his instincts of jus-
tice were blunted by party spirit, if he were capa-
ble of doing injustice to that officer under any cir-
cumstances. He (Mr. A.) hoped that the party
strife which had just passed had not blunted the w-
shBEts of justice of the great Wh g party of the
United Sutes, nor of the State Rights party, of
which he had lived an humble member, and of
which he hoped to die a member. He was satis-
fied that the rights of the Empire State of New
York had been vindicated by the Secretary of State
in an able and dignified manner, and he was sorry
to say that this was the only paper coming from
that Department that he could comme#nd in that
light.
As regarded his sympathy towards the Northeas-
tern territory, he, as a Southern man, had not
more than he ou^ht lo have; but he did know
that the Lion of England had been growling for his
pre} on that Northeastern boundary long ago. As
;>n A menean citizen, he felt humbled at the reflec-
tion that, vnder the administration of Martin Van
Buten, the Bag e of his country had cowered under
the Lion of England, he felt humbled that a coun-
tiy which, sven in the days of the Revolution, was
stiong enough to uefend its r ghts, should now per-
mit the dueen of England to deprive them of every
thing Aggression after aggression had been com-
mitted, and it would continue to be so so long as
the head oi the Executive Government failed to de-
fend the dostnnes contained in this document.
Mr. A then withdrew the motion to reconsider.
Mr. STANLY renewed it.
Mr. HOLMES of South Carolina said he was
quite dehghted with this debate; not, however, be-
cause the incidental question of State rights had
been introduced, for that was about the same thing
as ihe Constitution, which every man construed
according to his own taste. But he was delighted
because ihe gentleman from Georgia had given his
approval to at least cne act ot the Admmntratien.
lie was glad that one member of the opposite party
h id the generosity to acknowledge them in the
right for o«ice The gentleman had, however,
toached on the very important subject of the North-
eistern boundary. He had said that the Lion of
England had growled, while we paid no regard to
it, etc Now he (Mr. H ) wished to know whe-
ther the remarks made by that gentleman were to
be considered ominous of the future action of the
n w Adminis'rauon? Were we not to judge, from
the ieinai ks made by one of its friends, that we
were to be precipita'cel into a confl ct with this
mighty power, prepared and armed at every point,
and tnat, too, tor a line of demarcation If they
were to rush into ihe conflict—if the Sou'h was to
be prost'ateJ, he was thankful that gentlemen had
'hown 1'ieir hand*, thi' the South might know that
ore of he remits attending the triumph of this
gieit paity, was a ques'ion of territorial war.
Mr. ALFORD rephed lo tnese remarks, and
sad tnat he had no1 spoKen in behali of the coming
Administration He nid it rot in his eye or bis
mind at the tune he spoke, he knew nothing of its
secrets noi its intensions He had had no confe-
rence with lis friends, nor had his advic- ever been
asked He spoke for himself—be spoke the senii-
m t is oi his own heart, when he said that the L>on
of "inland had g owled for its prey on the North-
ea'te'P bound ry. Whatever mifht be the opinion
of the gentleman from South Caiolma, [Mr.
Holme ,] h  (Mr. A) would express his belief
that, if ever the is ue of which the gentleman spoke
did come, the 3'ate "■ South Carolina wop 14 be
