seen in the first ranks, ga'lantly defending the ho-
nor, and maintaining the rights of the nation. This
much he could say—he being one of the first born
of nullification out of South Carolina—that South
Carolina would be th« last to hide her head, if the
country should ever be engaged in a war with Bri-
tain. His own wish was, that we never might have
war with h-r on this or any other question, if it
could be honorably avoided.
Por the part which he had taken m the recent
vie orious struggle, ha claimed no honor distinct
from his colleagues and his country, and in charac-
terizing as he had done the communication of Mr.
Forsyth, he (Mr A ) had done only that which a
sense of justice dictated.
Mr CUSHING, after some preliminary re-
marks in relat on to the great imponance of th 
subject involved in the documents, called paiticu
lar attention to 'he fast, that this was the first time
it had been ofheia'ly avowed that the ojtiage on
the Caroline was authonz d by tne Gove nment of
Great Britain You will perceive, said Mr. C.
that Mr. Pox < ays:
'It is wed knevn that the destruction of the
steamboat Caroline was a pub'ic act of persons
in her Majesty's service, obeying the order of then
superior authorities "
He (Mr. C ) denied that the fact, f-at th  out-
rage being perpe'rated undei the authority of the
British authorities, had been ' well known," as al-
leged b/ Mr. Fox Two years ago, Lord Palmer-
s on was astred that question, but it had never
been avowed until the piesent time. Therefore,
he would repeat that the avertion ,«s to the fact
now avowed bem; "well known," was, m point of
fact, untrue. This had Ken very properly noticed
by the Secretary of S.ate in his reply to Mr Pox,
as follows
"If the destruction of tne Caroline was a public
act or persons in her Majesty's service, obeyiug ti e
order of their superior authopties, this fact ha not
been before communicated to the Government ot
the United States."
The fact ot this avowal, howevci, eave the sub-
ject an importance which it did not before posuss
Mr. C. then proceeded to show that as the autho-
rities of the Colonial Piovmces had punished
American citizens ing-ig"d in piriticil acfe on the r
coast, by a panty of reasoning the Siptc of New
York had the same right to pun sh persons engaged
in piratical acts within her wa'ei..
Mr C then entered mto a vindication of the
friends of General Ham on, and complained that
while at one time ihey wrre charged with being ihe
allies and tools of Great Britain, they were now
charged with a design to involve the country in
war with that powei.   lie denied both the chaiges
Mr. DUNCAN demanded of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mi. Cdshing] when and
where the Admimstiation had charged the Whig?
with being the "tools of G'ept Bruam " Let 'he
member lay h s finger upoa the place where it had
been asserted by any pap ', or present, i he could,
any such extract to t>ie fieuse Tne Yfh g pa tv
had not been charged by the Van B Ten press with
being the ' tools" of Great BritaiB, but they had
been charged with being under tne influence ot the
moneyed aristocracy of that countiy—under the
influence of Bntish gold And, said Mr D I
would advi egen'lemen, before they engage 11 such I
debates as the*e, first 10 c ear thf nsel/-s irom ihat
charge Let the gentlema 1 truia Massaohuset s
pause before making such a charge aga nst the De-
mocratic party, an t clear lu  own rally fiotn tne
just charge of act ng under ta~ ir fluencc of t> e
moneyed aristocracy ot C e ' Priiaiti Mr D
heredesirtd the Citr i. to read . n e'tract irom a
papel 1 e held in his, hand, but
The SPEAKER was unJ-sr tooJ to ■.-" that the
subject on which tne gentleman was speaiong was
not in ordci on a motion 0 reconsider the prinim.,
of documents.
Mr. DUNCAN was perfectly w ding to spckin
order, bu* if he was cut of ordpr in show rg the
falsity of? cinr-e against h« Adrrmistnt on, wny
was not tie ser leñan who m-d  "hat elm e
called to order? Mr D taid tne cnarg- aga rst
the Demcratic party having been made, and he
having denied t, hu   rr now about 'o ¿wave that
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Whigs and the institutions of the country were
governed and managed by the moneyed aristocracy
of England.
After some conversation of a desultory cha-
rac'er,
Mr. STANLY withdrew bis mot'on to reconsi-
der. So the question was no longer before the
House
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS.
The fo lowing bills from the Senate wcie twice
read, and referred as follows
An act granting a pension to Lemuel White;
to the Committee 01 Revolutionary Pensions
An act for the relief of Margaret Barnes, widow
of Elijah Barnes, to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
An act grant ng a pension to Dav.d Walter , to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
An act for the relief Samuel Collins, to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pen*ions
An act for the relief Joseph Ba&sett, to the C„m
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry to proc ire steam vessels for the revenue ser-
vice , to the Committee on Commerce
An act for the relief of Joab Seeley , to the Com-
mittee of Claims
An act f - the relief William P. Rathbone , to
the Committee of Cla'ms
An act for theielef cf th  repiesen a'tvps of
Richaid T Bank , to th? Committee of C aims
An act to pay B n Murphy, of Arkans-i , for
corn, cattic, &j , to the Committee of Cairns
An act making an appropriation for the removal
of the raft in Rid river, to the Committee on
Roads and Canal 
An act to amend the act to autho'iye the State of
Tennessee to issue grant-, to lands and eltl« cla ms
to vacant lam , pa sed 18 11 of April, 1806, to the
Commtl'ee on Public L.'nds
An let for the ouiofH of the 8 Iraa and Ttrne^
see Riilicad Comp-ui) , to lh„ Committee tn
Public Lands
An ret further to amend Ihe act to provide foi
taking the sixth census oi enumeration of the in-
habitant-, of tbe United States, to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
An act allowing drawback on foreign m-rohan-
dise exported in the original package to Chihuihua
to Santa Fe, m Mexico, to the Committee on Com-
merce, with instructions to inquire into the pio-
pnety of extending the same pr \a'e e to the ox-
poitations to tbw adjoining dominions of G eat
Britain
An act for tne relief of t! e corporate aut! onties
of Mobile, to the Cimmit'eeon Military Affairs.
SCHOOLS FOR INDIANS
Mr MASON of Ohio asked leave to move a re-
solution which was read at the Clerk'-, tabie, and
no objection being made, the resolution was intro-
duced, and it was agreed to, and is as follows
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be dir<\ ted
to report to this House m what manner lhat part ot
the 20ib article of the treaty between the United
States and the Choctaw na'ion, riadp at Dancing
Rabbit Creek, and dated Septemuei 27, I80O, has
been executed, which stipulates that "fe the bene-
fit and advantage of the Chi c*aw people, and to
improve their condition, ther  sh,dl be euueated
under tre dire<-'io>i o<" the Piesident ard at ihe ex-
pense ot the Urn td S'dtCi, fcrty C^ce aw yi m 
for twenty }ear-> "
And that he c mm mi„ate copies of pll s itti 'i -
gulitions as may have bci-n ad< p ed, of oit'eis 1 -
 u"d, and corr«yor de ice had, rela'mi to the txe-
CJionot thit si pulatioi, ail state v.la' "ormnt
of more/ h s b en aporopna ed, an! «i!t < noui t
ex[eac!t3 en E>"c<uit tre>-por, what agm' 01 gen's
hive been emp vec, (her name , numb r, an 1
cou-yens.it on, wh-th r an «¡cidemy Oi otb-rsrnool
has been e Ubli bed for th  edu-atmn of 'he Choc-
Uw joj'hi, and „t whit time and ptac , ^helper
teachers ha e b en e nphjed, and th^ n iti" m-i-
ber, and cornpen a'ion 0' each, v hat  i tm er of
th<- C octaw \ou 1 s, or other p>rion / any, have
been reeved nto or educated a', «ifh '-hi 1, a~d
at vjaax cost ic s^holpr, «hat bm di> gs, if t>v,
ha/3 been erected for tne aTo'nmoda'ion cf such
cch3 ', and £' what cost, and what bian-hp> cf
75
learning have been taught there, and how many
pupils have graduated, and in what term of time
after then admission, and what is the present num-
ber of teachers and pupils belonging to the school.
And that he be required to make a similar report
and statement m regard to the execution of so much
of the same article of said treaty as provides that
"fifty thousand dollars, viz. twenty-five hundred
dollrrs annually, shall be given for the support of
three teachers of schools lor twenty years "
PESENTATION  OF PETITIONS
The States- and Territories were then called for
petitions.   They were presen ed by
Mr DODGE, of Iowa.
Mr DOWNING, of Florida.
Mr CRARY, of Mibhigan.
Mr. JAMESON, of Missouri.
[Mr Jamfson presented the memorial of the
L°gislature of Missouri on the subject of the
northern boundaiy of lhat State. Also, the memo-
rial from same on the subject of the swamp lands,
and also, the petition of Wm Torney for an ad-
ditional pension The two last of which were re-
ferred 11 the appropriate committees, and the first
la'd on the table pnd oidered to be printed ]
Messrs CR4.BB and DILLET, of Alabama.
Messrs CASEY and REYNOLDS, of Illinois.
[Mr. Rlynolds presented tne petition of 121
oi ¡z«ns of Williamson county, il.mois, praying
for a change or the mail íonte from Go'conda to
Frankfort m said S'ate, so as to pass Marion, the
county seat 01 said Williamson county: referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads J
Messrs. LANE, CARR, and DAVIS, of In-
diani.
[Mr. CiRR presented the petition of Alexander
Chambers, of Indnna, asking a pension referred
to th   Committee on R volutionary Pens ons ]
Me sis SWEINLY, STARKWEATHER,
WELLT't, MASON, and MEDILL, of Ohio.
Mr TORNEY, of Tennessee
[Mr Tlrney presented the petition of Samuel
Parnel, of Tennessee, late a volunteer in Florida,
praym? an investigation into thp causes of the
great delpy to pay for the horses lost in Florida
nfofed to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
tjbe prm   1 ]
Messrs UNDER WOOD, GREEN, TRIP-
LETT, and BUTLER, of Kentucky.
Mr HABERSHAM, of Georgia.
Messrs THOMPSON, EUX'LER, and PICK-
ENS, of S ath Ca c!-a
Mr DEBERRY, of North Carolina
r5essrs BiiliTY, HENRY, KEIM, TO-
LANO, and FORNANCE, of Pennsylvania
[Mi. Klim presented the petuions of Margaret
Gler.ccr, Mai a E Fox, and Susanna Mellon, pen-
sioners undirthe act of 7th July, 1838, praying a
con muai ce of pension Also, the petition of
Philip Au pach, as'nng for arrears of pension.]
[Mi Tor ANDi-emarked that he was desirous of
presenting amemor al of the Arti slavery Society
op Eastern Pennsj Ivan a, whuh prsyed for acbange
cr smendmprt (1 the Ctnstitution of tne United
States, repa'ding the toleration of slavery. He
di 1 .iot conceive, irarrnu',h as it asked for an alte-
ra! on 11 the furdamrnlal law of the land, that it
«ms withm the rak of ¡he House prohibiting the
rtcet tir i if pe it 0 is upon tne smject of slavery,
that in  ipFAKiR,' owe er, m gut think different-
ly "d (hit, ftr tne purpo e of ascertaining his
o mi n, re wou d &t< d biro h" memoiia! to exa-
nip m 11 "a' Mr. T a' 0 remarked, that if
tne Spiak a ücciltl that to  memorial came under
to  n, e,   f>  Lou a f°tl 1   hi  d ay to take an ap-
r r '> aj 1 a f \afi ncd tne roemoual, and ob-
s r m hu re vas 1 ot sj pa ed at the doubts of
trr , i 1 1 1, a he le t 1, however, to be his
d u t 1 i e r-a' it 1 1 i c om  «'ithm the class ex-
cluded b h  tute, btit th-t ha ndi n 1 ol jection 10
t'j?i ^eal    h en Mi  T  aid ne wou d take
I iiiANn I en io k too ftppea1—' ¡e q íestion
-vis,, t, au ¡ the Spi AKf as deeisi n ivjj affirmed
vi, uut a civ soi]
Me srs MONTANYV, J \CK-sON, BREW-
STEB KEMPSHALI , ALLEN, H\iND, ELY,
MITCHELL,   MOR.AV,  iVONROi:,  CHIT-
