CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             t0
who may make false estimates for the erection of
public works, etc.
Objection being made, leave was not granted.
Mr. CROSS, of Arkansas, also askvd leave to
introduce a bill, entitled "An net making appro-
priations to improve the Red river, and for other
purposes."
Objection being made, leave was not granted.
Mr. REYNOLDS submitted the following reso-
lution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the memo;ial of the General As-
sembly of the State of Illinois, which is now on
file in this House, praying for a bounty in land to
the troops engaged m the late war with Qreat Bri-
tain, be refeired the Committee on Public Lands.
NAVAL DEPOT IN RHODE ISLAND.
Mr. TILLINGHAST offered the following pre-
amble and resolutions, which were read for infor-
mation:
Whereas examinations and surveys have hereto-
fore been made in the Narragansett bay, in Rhode
Island, with a view to military and naval esta-
blishments, and reports have been made to the
Navy Department, and communicated to Congress,
containing evidence of the fitness and advantages
of a place upon the waters of that bay for a naval
depot—
Resolved by the Senate and House of Ripresentalives
of the United States in Congress assembled, That the
Secretary of the Navy, as soon as may be, cause
such further examinations and surveys to be made
as in his opinion are necessary for ascertaining the
fitness and relative advantages or disadvan'ages of
a place in the said Narragansett bay for a naval
establishment, yard, and depot, on shore, and the
best location therefor in said bay, with estimates of
probable exppnse; and that said estimates, and the
reports of said examinations and surveys, when
made, and all such evidence as is now, or may then
be, in possession of his Department, as to such fit-
ness or advantages or disadvantages, be by the Se-
cretary communicated to Congress as soon as may
be, with such views and opinions as he may deem
Important.
Resolved further, That for carrying this resolu-
tion into effect, there be now appropriated, and
there is hereby appropriated, a sura not exceeding
one thousand dollars, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Objection being made, they were not received.
Trie several committees were then called on for
reports, of which an account wiil be fo-;nd al the
c'.ose of the proceedings.
Mr. TILLINGHAST, from the Commute., on
the National Library, presented the following,
which was agreed to:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of ¡America in Congress
assembled, That one copy of the catalogue ot (he
Library of Congress be presented to esch of the
incorporated Universities, College?, Athenmims,
Historical Societies, and American Antiquirian
Society in the United States, not exceeding 300 in
number.
NEGROES OP THE AMISTAD.
Mr. ADAMS, from the select committee ap-
pointed to examine and report whether the docu-
ments presented to the House on this subject have
been falsified in the translation from the Spanish,
made the following report:
The select committee appointed on the 10th ins*.
with liberty to send for persons and papers, to as-
certain and report to the House whether the print-
ed House decument of the last session, No. 185,
has been falsified, materially differing from the
manuscript document transmitted by the President
of the United States, and if so, by whom the said
fabrication was made, respectfully report—
That a material alteration has be;n made from
the manuscript transmitted by the President to the
House, by the substitution in the printed document
of the word sound for the word ladino, in the ma-
nuscript, in the tran:lation, at page 48 of the print-
ed document, of a paper purporting to be a pass-
port for 49 slaves, belonging to J. Ruiz, and by the
substitution of the same word sound for the word
ladino, in the translation at the 49.h page of the
printed document, of a paper purporting to be a
passport for three slaves belonging to P. Montez.
That this substitution was in both cases made by
John H. Trenholm, the proof reader at the office
of Messrs. Blair and Rives, the Printers of the
House.
The committee submit herewith the testimony
taken by them in performance of the duty assigned
to them by the House, and in which will be seen
the reasons adduced by Mr. Trenholm for making
these alterations. And they have instructed their
chairman to move that they be discharged fiom the
further consideration of the subject.
J. a. ADAMS.
The report was laid on the table, and, with the
accompanying paper?, ordered to be printed.
The following, ofJVred by Mr. BARNARD some
days; a;o, came up in order:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury do
make to this House a report lo the following effect,
viz:
1.  A statement showing the aggregate revenue
which accrued to the Government from customs,
from lands, and under the head of what is usually
denominated "miscellaneous," in the years 1837,
1838, 1839, and 1840, estimating for the Ust quar-
ter of the latter year; and showing also the aggre-
gate expenditures during the same years, estimat-
ing for the last quarter of 1810, excluding all pay-
ments on account of the redemption of Treasury
notes, and a'so all payments on account of trust
fund?, except so far as such funds have i.-iled to
produce the full amount of interest or annuity
actually paid on account of them. The statement
to show the genera! balance between such revenue
and expenditures for the whole pencd
2.  A statement showing the Touic.es from which
money has bfren derived to the Treasury, within
the four years above men'ioped, nnd the p.inoun'
from eaeri source, with the aggeesrat'1; rsiima'ing
for amounts received cr leceivable ¡it the las! quar-
ter of 1810. This statement to i-iclndc the sum
actually received in the Treasury after se'ting
apart the on.mal amount for depon!" with
the States under the deposite act of 383G; the
amount of the fourth instalment of deposi'e money
under that act which was finally retained in tie
Treasury; the amount of trust or indemnity funds
(if any) received and not invested; the amount of
Treasury notes which will be outstanding on the
1st of January, 1841. with the irrercst accrued on
them; the amount received en old duty bonds, the
payment of which had been postponed; the amount
received on bonds fo  tha sale of the stock of the
United States in the lite Bink cf the United States;
and the amount r.*cei/e-d from various banks which
suspended in 1837. This statement to sho'v how
much, if any, of these moneys remain, or will be in
the Treasury on the 1st dr.y of January, 1841.
3.   A statement (as far as the same is known, or
can be readily ascertained) showing in what cis"*,
if any, and to what extent ard pecuniary amount,
public woiks have be^n or will be earned on, or
services rendered in behalf of ihe G ¡verrirrisnt,
under appropriations of the present year, or of part
years, during the year 1840, (except vmi'er the P-ft
Office Department,) in regard to which any special
agreement or understanding whatever exit's thai
the payment therefor should not he called for, and
should not be made in the year ¡840, or until after
the 4rh day of Match, 1841.
4.  A statement showing what will be the proba-
ble amount «ut of th . new and permas^nt gpp"--
priations, as exhibited in the estimates of the Se-
cretary of Ihe 7 h and 8h December ivtsuni, fo-
the yea" 184!, wh ch will remain unexpended or
uncalled for at the r.fofe of the year 1841.
5.   A statfinent sho'-'Mig the amoun's which wi'l
be required to purchase stick, or make invest-
ment?, for or in behalf of In hans or Indian tribes,
pursuant to any treaty or other siipnistion other
than such as may have teen estimated for by the
Secretary in his report of the 7th December in-
stant.
G A statement showing more particularly thin
appears from h's report of the 7 h December in-
stant, how aiuch the expenses ot 1841 will fail be-
low those of 18-10, on account of each of the fol-
lowing particulars, namely: because "the pensions
have diminished by death;" because "fewer In-
dians remain to be removed;"' because "several
expensive public buildings have been mostly finish-
ed;" and because "hostilities with the Seminóles
must be nearer to a close."
7. A statement showing the amount of claims
now pending in the Department, growing out o£
the Florida war, or relations with Indians, or other-
wise, whether such claims have been considered or
passed upon or not, with the probable or proximate
amount, in the aggregate, of such claims which
will become a charge upon the Treasury, as nearly
as the Secretary is able to ascertain or to judge
thereof, with the means he has, or can readily com-
mand.
Mr. B. after making some modifications thereto,
was proceeding to censure the Secretary of the
Treasury as guilty of deception, &c. when
Mr. ALBERT SMITH moved that the House
proceed to the orders of the day; which motion was
agreed to.
So the House proceeded to the orders of the day,
being the consideration of business on the Speak-
ers table.
The SPEAKER then laid before Ihe House the
following message from ihe President of the United
States, transmitting additional correspondence in
relation to the
BURNING OP THE CAROLINE.
To the House of Representatives of the United Stales:
I think proper to communicate to the House of
Repre-rutativesin further answer to their resolution
of the 21st ultimo, the correspondence which has
since occurred between the Secretary of State and
the British Minister on the same subject.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, January 9, IS 11.
Mr. Fox to Mr. Forsyth.
Washington, December 29, 1840.
Sin: I have the honor to acknowledge the re-
ceipt of your letter of the 2fi h insiant, in which,
in reply to a letter which I had addrcs-ed to you on
the 13 h, you acquaint me that the President is not
prepared to cm ply with my demand for the libera-
tion of Mr. Alexander McLeod cf Upper Canada,
now imprisoned at Lockport, in the State of New
York, on a pretended charge of murder and arson,
as hiving been engaged in the destruction of the
steamboat Caroline, on the 29 h of December,
1R37.
I learn with ihqt nsici that such is the dec sbrt
of ihei'res<e'e;:(. oí iba United S'ate-; and I cannot
but furc-ee the very gravs ami sonous consequen-
ces that ni'tit ensue, if, besides the injury already
inni'Ud upon Mr. McLeod, of a vexatious and un-
justimprii'inment, any further harm may be done
to him m the progress oí this extraordinary pro-
cee ling.
I have lost no time in forwarding to her Ma-
jesty's Government in England, the correspon-
dence that has taken place, and I shall await the
further order; of her Majesty's Government with
respect to the impoitani ciaestion « hich that cor-
respondence involves.
Bit I feel it my only not to close this communi-
cation without hkewiM-. testifying my vast regret
and surpruc at the expressions which I find re-
pc3'cd in your letter with reference to the destrnc-
¡lon of the.stei'mboat Cir:.liao. I had confidently
hjped that the fir?t erroneous impressions of the
character of thatevnt, ¡..soused up'Ott the m nd of
the United Stales Gwemmen'. by pirtial and ex-
aggerate! íepresentnti ins, would, long since, have
been fflV.cv) by v more s'ri-;t and accurate exami-
nation of the ia.t-. Sueh an investigation must
even yet, Í am willing to believe, had the United
Qia'cs CKiv-rnJiviit tithe same conviction with
which her Rlajestj's au.honliej on the spot were
¡moie'-sed, ih.M the act was one, in the sttictest
fcen-ie, oí sel;-defence, rendered absolutely ne-
cessaiy by the crcumsianees of the occasion,
fi.r the safety end promotion of he-- Ma-
jesty's subject?, and justified by the same
mo-ives and principles wh ch, npo:i similar
anil well known occasions, have governed ¡he con-
duct of illustrious oiTicrs of the Uni'ed States.
1 he steamboat Caro me was a ho.nile ves.-el, en-
gaged in piratical war 3gainst her Majesty's people;
hired from hei owners for ¡hat expresi purpose,
a,nd   known   to be ?o beyond the possibility of
