80
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
doubt. The place where it was destroyed was no-
minally, it is true, within the territory of a friendly
power; but the friendly power had been deprived,
through overbearing, piratical violence, of the use
of its proper authority over that portion of territory.
The authorities of New York had not even been
able to prevent the artillery of the State from being
carried off pablicly at midday, to be used as instru-
ments of war against her Majesty's subject?. It
was under such circumstances, which, it. is to be
hoped, will never recur, that the vessel was attacked
by a party of her Majesty's people, captured, and
destroyed. A remonstrance against the act la
question has been addressed by the United States to
to her Majesty's Government in England. I am
not authorized to pronounce the don, ion of her
Majesty's Government upon that rfflwuranee;
but I have felt myself b'Mind 10 record, in the mean
time, the ibovs opinion, in order to protest in the
most solemn manner against the f-pii it-il and loy.-.i
conduct of her Majesty'.1; offices ?'nd people being
qualified, through an unfortunate misapprehension,
as I believe, of the tact.;, with lbs asipeii-l.on 01
outrage or of murder.
I avail myself <f this occasion to renew t--> you
the assurance of my distinguished cdn-'iiicratinn.
H. «. FOX.
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. For.
Opxahtmknt of St<t'o,
Wa-.h..igiou, l)oc..-}l, 184(1.
Sir: I have (he honor ¡o acknowledge the rcc.-ip'
of your note of ihe 29th ¡nst. i-i reply i.> m'nc of
the 26th, on the subject of the arr<~¡ a'-'1 'Voiitum
of Alexander McLeod as one of ih > pn petin;..ts ot
the outrage committed in N"v-' York v.-hea fl-e
steamboat Caroline was seized and bunt. Foil
evidence of tli.it outrage ha ¡ bien presented to h'-r
BritannicMajtsty'sGovtTiinici", with a demand tor
redress, and of course no dbcus,,on oí ti;," cir-
cumstances here, can be (i'her useful or pr->p r;
nor can 1 suppos- it lo be jour do in- to iaviie d
I take leave oi this subject a iih (hi, sp.,;,,, uonai'1-,
that the opinion so slromdy ejq.ie s,-d by y.-u in
the facts and principles wvi ¡ved in the demand fur
reparation on h r Majesty's Government by ihe
Uni'ed Stads, would h.ir.llv bac« Ivcn hf?:-sul^.l.
had you been p. .vc.r.i of 'he oairbtoy c <U< epai
teMimony which his been pi< st nted to jourGo-
vernment in support of thai demand.
I avail myself of the occasion to resew to you
the assurance of my distinguished consi ieration.
JOHN FOKSYTH.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the message, with
the accompanying documents, he retened to the
Committee on Foreign R-I.utons, and that five
thousand extra cop  s be printed.
Mr. F. before i.e resumed hi; seat, wi-b-d to
make a few observations m relation to the com-
munication, from the Minister of Great Bn-ai'i,
and in regard to the facts as stated by thai ¡unction-
ary in connection with the ou'r.ige upon the s'-am-
boat Caroline.
That boat, said Mr. F. as I am infoimed on
good authority, belonged to a man in the city o;
Buffalo named William Wells, who wa«, nml is
now, considered a very peaceable and respnoi able
citizen ot that city. Tnc boat dol not brb ng to
tho "Patriots," or the m.su rsp-nt.; of Ooiaon.ivr
was it in any way whatevrr under their i-mrol or
authority. Thus being the ou'o, bn eouM i i>i con-
ceive why ¡lie app.-llai'on bestowed up"ii it lo- the
Minister of Great Britain could lev be ■  «i -of.
There was no le.uon for it. Yet, 'f.ilMr F be
has thought proper to rail the boat a ¡'..ati'-al v. -
sel, in tae eiiiploy of those per ons <!• pomm He. 1
Canadian iPatno'.s.
Mr. F. th n proceeded ;o :,lat-% w'e.n he main -
tained were the r. ¡si f tcs in relation to the burnir g
of the Caroline, which were ;>s follín is:
Mr. Wells, at the time the fMirgenls vrre in ihe
occupation of Navy is ¡and, in Miagara river, on
the Canadian side, wa«, ¡hen in !\v city of Buff lo,
twenty miles above. He ther-applied to the cus-
tom-house authorities for pernos a ■• <■■> run a Ion!,
av a ferry boat, from Sehloieer acto- • v> ¡"«07 Id-
and. Permission being given, ihe Caro im> "co.,i-
menced running, simply as a terry boat, bem-.t to-
tally unarmed, and having no connection with th 
insurgent!!. Neither did the boat carry any arms
or muniiions of war of any kind to th.ise on Navy
Island, but \va- engaged merely in the car-
rying of passengers-. After making several
trips, the beat was at night safely moored
asid secured v.'ühin the wharf on the American
side—not within the "nominal" territory of the
United States, but within the undoubted tetritory of
this Government; as much so, said Mr. F. as this-
hall, in which we are now assembled,is in the terri-
tory of ihe United States. Afier being thus safely
moored at the wharf in our territory, it was left in
tie charge of a watch, unarmed, ahd without any
arms whatever being on board, except a single
pocket pispol, not loaded. Well, while fie beat
was thus lying within our territory, it was attacked
m ihe night by an armed lorce from Canada, sent,
as it now appeals, by the authority of her Mnjes'y.
On? man wa-t mureb-red, '¡hers injured, th" boat
thnri fc¡ on fire, turned adr'f', and sent over the
Í ils. H'lrs ws the "arson" c.-.mp'a'ned of; this
was tho "jmurdet" complains d oí". 0:ic of oar c'ui-
ze>>^ ua¡ altarlo ;!, unarmed, snd had bis brain-,
knocked out; and oioiv wa-, every r a.on to bebcv 
¡hH Oihri'S weie- ''¡bed, oi so injuted as to be uanble
to   leave   th-  vessel before it went ov> r the   fabi.
No ,-, b-, the la«s of ihe S ate of N-w Y- rk,
said Mr. F. this was murder, and nothing ¡e-s ihr.n
murder, and t1 e p<-rp.itrators, on beiiif aprrphrii'S-
cd, would he tried by the law^ of th-x! Stile for l':e
cume. It «asa matter p-nai-iio" to the S':\!r;
i<nd ii'-itlo-r ¡lo" Governing!, ni-r the Kxeeu ive ' j'
ihe ^.tov^í iinion', .-o;!!;! 1,ave any c irorol ov.-r it,
u.ilos', -n l.'i-i1, 'he Gov- rnm.-nt oí íí'e.it R,-oa u
.ii.mld s^o j'. to rep^ñí t ■ o esent 1,3 ", nod, er.ter
ir,-r o lo j-..->iv stirui'a'ioi'S, meke t--«- «iroo
sh.m,d b:- tru'y appl-.cablo to the rase. It's >, ?-•!>.
V. was understood 'o say, Ihe mat'ef n'igb' perhi'os
b'.; compromise'. But, apart from tha', if (he
same sin-if wjs manifested b-y the powers at bo;ee
f.s \v,i.- rvhibi'cd liy the Eii'ish >o¡ni^í"r hen* in v-
l.ilion lo t;,¡. niMtor, he, ,"'.-3r V. con„u."'d 'h-it the
tuce.-saiv con^eipteucv id ¡ho con«tc':ori iv' ¡VTc-
I.eod wcmld bcKcimus in.lce!.
Mr. F. s.:idiieh.id no <¡->a'-t but fi'at McLeod
woui'l be put upon Irs iriii, when lie ^.ncer.-'ly
h-iprd h> v/.".:!d be .ound mnr.cent. Rut ¡"he
"■lion! ' h" l.-iind ;;uü!'.r, h" bad no doubt b'.:< ¡bat b"
wouid he i veculed, tin'o-, p,.dvd, a foiv" much
l-:'ser'iia.1 common ,-hould be broubt fura (he
C.trada side to ¡us rcscee,
Mr. T. concluded by showing rnt los rots-on. for
ma!.-|iig ih-sr re mirks was >n show tb-.r there was a
f.il-.o i iipru.sion cnlerlained by Mr. Fox in regard
to ibe fact- i'( the cace.
M. PICKENS hoped the House, wo-i'd at once
CO.iise.sl to the piii.i'm^ of the oir-s??.- ; nd <'ocu-
mi'n's r-o-d iliu-ir ie.r""'ft:  wuhout tmih. r débale
to the Commiti.....m   Fereifr-t   ifl'i'i'.    He h< p> d
so, because tlier< was a d. lica'e nciotiatioa pend-
ing on ¡mod er question with the sira  pmverl an 1
wh'ch quo,Poll was ejieitluj míense interest, not
only m ihat section of the connuy, but to the whole
Union. The exebed slate of the public mind, and
a number of csher reason?, irdiicod him to h-ioe
lha* the ii*alter would ho perroitltd 10 go to p.p
Cin.nitl -e on Fo cigu Affairs wo'u a; little ceie-
Uiony as posible.
Mr, UHOFAH'.'OOD did no' !J<n f,-r (be purpose
of ohjecnr;, lo a rcfeience ot i¡«  messsee and rio-
rum.-, t'-- to the Commibee < n Feee.-n AiT'a>rs, b.jt
to (di,ecl to tl'i; prin' n^ of ¡lip fue thopsvd evo-,
copi-1. FÍ-- '.as m f-^rid'a rffereiic to th"
co nnnll'.'f, beeaus; tee prin ip .- invr.lv-. d in the
co-ntr.nine.eions lePvt'i ?'le-so.,Fo.'c ?ed Fo,-^-, Pi,
(vere, to his i.mid, very g'eat ;,i,.l in:po;t«r.*. Tie
wi-.bei! the Com.vide  on For-i n Aflairf lo mai--.;
a re wrt on (hose ere at prr (ipies, gin if an evoo-
sttfn if ;h,? n, "Jiieh nurjit hs p oiled, End "po
forth lo the Ain.TiC'i" psopie, as s::o '-,nc- V\e rtii •
by wbieh we in'fnj'.edto rln.'.- . HVnen such a
re; on sboul-: be ro'de, then the <- iPlei'.an fiom
Kow Y  k m.gh; pr ni a ¡ mane cx;ri r-opies ;;s be
chose.
What are ¡ho'e principles, aslced Mr. U. "7hv
it is averred by (he BibL-h M.ni.ier, that in a time
ol profound peace, an ofti.>i of another country,
by the order of his Government, may commit;
an   omrsge within   our   tein'ory,   and   destroy
ths Uves of our citizens, and yet he is not
amenable to cur laws for murder. This was
asserled on (If principle of international law; and
if we so considered it, we must necessarily bring it
within the case laid down by the British Minister.
But to do that, it was necessary that the order
should come from ihe supreme executive authority
of Great Britain to justify the act. But bad we
seen any order to that effect? So far as he was in-
formed, no such order bad been given. On the
contrary, the g.m'leman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Gushing,] observed, a few days ago, lhat Lord Pal-
merston has obsrved silejce to this day on the
subject. That being the case, we had no right to
take it for granted that the order for the outrage
in qnesiion had come frem the supreme Es-.cutive
authority of Great Britain.
He, Mr. U. was inclined to think, that if any
inferior officer ef tlr: army or navy, in the service
of Great Britain, should, without instruction from
the svprcme executive authority, perpetrate such
outrages, he would, in pv-ry sense of ihe word, be
a mun'erer. Jle asked the Committee on Foreign
Affairs to turn their pl'.ent.ou to this point, and to
rove an exposition of international law, which
ought to be spread before the American people for
examination, with a vbw to Ibis or any other alter-
caron which might occur between us and thst na-
tion.
Besides this, there wre other qieslions involved
in these pipers. Theie was Ihe question as to (he
right of jaiisdietion between the States and the
Genera' Govrrrmer.t, in relation lo mailers of this
1 ind. Ou this point he would b? glad lo have the
CoeoMt'oeo'-, Foreign APairs direct their atleniion.
Th:; ban-action had occurred at a time when
tipiewoie no irea'v suprdalions between us and
fír^.t Btitain providing for such anoscurrence.
,\ow as this w.¡- ap-.si affair, occurring when no
treaty sbpuUuons ibd c.v f, he was no; prepared to
•ay ihat treaty't.pnte'toni culi now have an «x
voi! facto operation to drtv/ it finm the jurisdiction
of me &'t.Me of New York io ¡hat ot ¡h? General
Govarnn-.e ', and thereby prevent ibe authority of
thai State irern punching the murderer.
Mr. U. v.-a  inclined ¡o deny that the Constitution
oí the United States would jus ify a treaty made
subsequent to the fact, so as to take sway the Stale
j'lri.-dicioti. But vhalevi-r might grow out of this
mailer, be thought it highly n°cts.ary lhat we
should lake a frra and <1 cid.d-tand. It would
not be prr per for us to bully or to threaten Great
Britain, but neither would it be proper for us to
tamclv Mibmit toagereoMon, And if the conflict
diier-mc, he, for one. would be- for owning the
niouih; ot a I elmams who;e, source was incur
teiri'ory.     •
Mr. DA.VI3, of Incbana, in a very indignant
mAnner, pro csted agaiutt die (one of Ihe letter of
the Biitish MinUlei, and ask?d if U was come to
this, that we were lo crouch to Great Britain. From
tho position of Mr. D. bis remarks were mostly in-
audible to the Reporter.
Mr. "WJT.LLER said, it appeared to him that
Ihe subject had b^en sufficiently discussed, if it
wer-i prc'nnrred, itmiehi, to be eore, afford an op-
por'um'y ¡or gentleman to d;-p!ay their patriotism.
Rut thi--, in hi i op'niori, was no; the proper lime.
T .ere'ore, IfU-vmg that no so d could result
from furdfi- debate, ?i>d ihe Hon e having had a
sncdnvn of (he palriniiini of i's mere be rs, he, Mr.
W. ", i;;ld move the previous question.
At the reque-t of Mr. GHANGER, the motion
for ihe pr -vtoas -oiet-Seat; 'va-, wuhebai-'n.
Mr. Gil \X1ES wisbrrf ;o say one word in rela-
t o.i to i's ■ feeling wh'- h ex's'eú m thi< matter. He
wi be.l to tt na 'bat VeLcod would have a fair and
impar: n: ir- a¡, ar.d have every arlvnnta^e which
the ¡aw? of the. Stale of H;,; York secured to him.
His trial wouid be a, c-ol ?,i.d d-spa- ¡onaie as if
themnrier hüd been committed b/ a citizen of
New Yoik on die body of ano h'-r"citizen of lhat
otate. Wl.r-u lir¿l tnU rhonld lake place, he, Mr.
G, honed ¡be nan wruld Ic scquited; bat ,f found
guilty, If v-mid suiely be condemned; and if
condemned, would most assuredly be executed,
as due lo the sapreiuacy of the laws of
ihe S'Bln. And, raid Mr. G. should the
Biit'sh Government,   in a moment of rashness,
