26th Cosg..........2nd Sess.
~ BY BLAÍR & RIVES.
Conlinued from JVb. 5.
commence hostilities for the supposed wrong,
she would find in the citizens of Western New
York the same blood as in 1812; she would find
men who were neither to be bought by British gold,
nor by British influence, and only to be bought by
their love of country. He for one had no fears
that this nation would ever crouch to the British
lion. She would calmly and dispassionately exe-
cute the laws of her several States, and it need not
be feared that either this Government or the States
would ever quail.
Mr. G. then renewed the call for the previous
question, which was seconded by the House.
The question then being put on the motion to re-
fer, was decided in the affirmative. So the mes-
sage, with the documents, were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GOQGIN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, asked that that committee be discharged
from the future consideration of the petition ef
William Glover, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions; which was accord-
ingly done.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill to make new pros isions
respecting Navy pensions, and to repeal certain
acts relating to Navy pensions; which was twice
read and committed to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. ANDERSON said he was directed by the
Committee on NavJ Affairs to ask that this bill
be made the special order for Monday, the 11th
instant. After some remarks by Mr. FILL-
MORE, showing that it was at all times in Older to
gojnto Committee of the Whole on the sU'e of
Union, Mr. Anderson withdrew his request for a
special order.
Mr. SHEPARD, from the Committee on Navil
Affairs, moved to discharge that committee from
the petition of the heirs of F. W. Smi.h, and to re-
fer it to the Committee on Revolutionary Clai.ns;
which was ordered by the House.
Mr. FINE, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, made a detailed report on the ca*e of John
Morgan, a case of French spoliation pr.or to 1800
The report was committed to the Commit'ee of
the Whole House on the bill relating to French
spoliations.
Mr. PICKENS said he was instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to move that the
House to-day at 2 o'clcck go into Committee of the
Whole on the sate of the Union on sundry bills
reported by that committee;
A bill to regulate the allowance for extra ser-
vices rendered by Secretaries of Legation and
Consuls;
A bill to refund certain duties in the cfce of the
French ship Alexandre; and
A bill concerning tonnage duty on Spanish ves-
sels.
The motion of Mr. Pickens was disagreed to.
Mr. HAWEi, from me Earn? committee, made
an adverse report on the case of Basil Spaldin?;
■which w!>« Uid on the ¡able.
Mr. EDWARD D AVIES, from the Committee
on Revolu'ionary Pensions, leportcd a bill /or the
relief of Jabez Collins: twice tend, and committed.
Mr. HAND, from the same c mm uro, reported
a bill for the relief of John Porter; w.iich was
twice read, and com-.n.Ued.
Mr. H. also made an adverse report on the case
of Sarah G.aves; which was la'd on the table.
Mr. PECK, frcm the sama committee, made an
adverse report on the case of Rineholdt Trounott;
laid on the table.
On motion cf Mr, PECK, the Committee"-; Re-
volutionary Feru.íocs'.ías disohatged from the in-
quiry as to an ex:en-iou of the pensior act of ah
July, 1833, for the beneijt of widows to another
period of five year¿; and, also, to an extension of
, HC^fccjScPJILlilP ill _/Hl ma
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1841.
•WEEKLY-
the act of 7ih June, 3839, to those who served at
any time previous to Wayne's treaty; and it was
committed to the Committee of the Whole to
which bills upon the same subject are committed.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, moved that the said committee be
discharged fiom the cases of Hannah Smrtevant
and John Conkin ; which was agreed to.
Mr. S. reported adversely on the cases of Ri-
chard Perry, Anna Swmerton, Daniel W. Church,
and James S. Hall: laid on the table.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the same committee,
reported—
A bill for the relief of Catharine Allen;
A bill for the relief of Ebenez -r Dewey;
A bill for the relief of Huidas Farlow; and
A bill for the relief of Ellen Turney;
which were read a first  and second   time, and
committed.
Mr. DOAN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported—
A bid for the relief of Thomas Collins; and
A bill for the lelir-f of Thomas Wilson;
Which were twice read, and committed.
Mi. DOAN also reported adversely on the cases
of John Vanslyck, Patrick O'Ferral!, Ebenezer
Pierce, and Robert Whittel: laid on the table.
Mr. PALEN, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of David A. Baldwin; which
wa-s twice read, and committed.
Mr. CHITTENDEN, from the same committee,
reported
A bill for ¡he relief of Jacob Jackson;
A bill for the relief of Emanuel Shrope; and
A bill for the relief of Joseph M. Rhea;
which were read a tirst and second time, and com-
mitted.
Mr. C. also reported advcrs'ly on the cases of
SamuelNeely and Francis Griffith; laid on the
table.
On motion of Mr. TILLINGHAST, the Com-
mittee on the Library was discharged from the re-
solution directing an inquiry into the propriety of
finishing printed documents, the Register of De-
bates, and all other publications by order of Con-
gress, to State Legislatures.
Mr. B iOWN of MisMisippi, from a reh ct com-
mittee, reported a bi:l for the leiief of David V/.
Haley; vasts'ice rcsd, raid ct 'í.mined.
Mr. RUáSELL, from the Committee on Cairns,
marie an adverse repott on the cases of George
Gale, Raymond A. Henderson, R. C. Langdon,
and Jarrita Ma^uire.
Mr. R. also reported, without amendment, the
bills from the Senate for the relief of Jacob Seeley
and cf William P. Rathbone; those bills were then
severally committed.
Mr. R. also reported
A bill for the relief uf Lhu*. John L. Clise;
A bdl for the reiUf of the ¡egai rcprrsenla'tves of
Jam/s Ms^ler.er;
A bill for the lelief of William Bailey, survivor
of Bailey and DeT.oid; and
A hdi fir the r.-'ief or." the legal representatives
of V 'ilham D. Chiever.
Mr. GÍDjíNGS, from tie same corrmiUce, re-
ported a bill for the reUf of Benjamin C. Koteris;
which was ■\v\ac. read, ttnd comini.tts.
K'i\ G. also repotted adversely on the eases of
Ch,-r!es H' w , \¡'--n_'ar.-.in Reynolds, E. F. Gdberi,
and John P. Bildwt- ; laid en the table.
Ivir. G. also rcr.o; cd adversely on the cases rf
John Trt.fto'i, John G. Perktn*, James Feikin',
and Joseph Perkier, Hemy K> ibrcok, S.-,¡jraei T.
Anderson, Jcshua II'. l>¡..d, Elijah S. Bel1, Janes
SYoi: er, Divd Eattlclt, Samuel Holsale. Jo-.eph
H. Tuomas and Lauden C. Fe'.cis, SyUcoter
Churchill, and Ci.ari.s M. IL!ly..rJ; wLi..n wer;
lai'l cr> the rati'.e, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Vc-v York, fror.'the Coramifc;
on Revolutionary Claims, reported adversely on the
cases of the representatives of James Purvis, Re-
becca Brown, and John. Henry.  Laid oa the table.
"ST ^^k "ST® "UBS
'JLW.15JE4
Volume 9...........No. 6.
PRICE f 1  PER SESSION.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the case cf Hannah Ruble.
Laid on the table.
Mr. RANDOLPH, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely on the cases of Susan Underwood,
P. Kinsolving, Stephen and Richard Livingston,
and Samuel Jones.   Laid on the table.
Mr. R. also reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Captain § David Noble;
which wai twice read, and commixed.
Mr. DELLET, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill to relinquish to Wil-
liam Waller the interest of the United States in a
certain tract of land therein named. Twice read,
and committed.
Mr. D. also reported, without amendment, the
bill from the Senate tor the relief of William Jones;
which wa« then committed.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee, on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported the bill from the
Senate for the relief of Hannah Leighton, without
amendment. The bill was then committed to the
Committee of the whole House.
The motion to print the extra copies lies over.
The House then adjourned.
The Select Committee on the letter of John C.
Rives, da'ed the 31st ult. upon the subject of the
printing of the House, anda controversy between
the printers of the House and the Clerk of the
House, in relation to the binding of the documents,
report?, and jourr.a's of last session, is composed
of the following mem'sen:
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana,
Mr. REED,
Mr. CLIFFORD,
Mr. MORGAN,
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, January 5, 1841.
The PRESIDENT submitted a comisunication
frcm the Governor of the State of Mi3scun, trans-
it,itting a copy of a law of that State for the settle-
ment of the boundary between Mi^ouri and Iowa.
On  uno'ion  by  Mr.   BENTON,   the  bill    was
ordciod  to beprtn.cd, and  r -férreo 'o  ¡he Conx-
nntlce < n ll-e Judie a-y.
Ah-o, a cotrmiuui a;ion firm, the Treasurer of
the United Stales with a. stttemet-tof the eontin-
g-nt expenses of the Pou Office Department; which
wps laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Ál¡-o, a comuunicaticn from the Navy Depart-
ment transmitting sixty copies of the Navy Register
for 1S40; which was laid on the table.
Mr.TALLMADGE presented the memorial of
cit'.z.-ns of the city of New Yoik, praying the
pa,-s?ea of a general bankrupt law; and
A simdar tnemt'iial ¡'torn cit zens of Lockport,
Ne-v York, which, as a bill has beta reported, were
laid oí t' e taKe.
r Mr. SMITH cf Iod'ans. presented resolutions
of the L'gtslature of the State of Indiana, instruct-
in? the:r fc'ena ors to endeavor to procure the pas-
sage of a law by Congres* to confirm the selection
of'iands along he Wabash an<-' Erie canal made
by Indiana, in lieu of Ir-.'.iaa reservations; which
v/r.s referred to the Cumimttte en Roads and
Canals.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented six memorials from
rr.cref-vits and cit.zji^ of Philadelphia, praying
i'iat die spirit por'ioa of the nary ration may be
abolixedj .>nd the substitution of tea or ciffee
<neiefo<-, winch were refeircd to the Committee on
i\n-..ons.
O.i r-.o'ior, by Mr. KORVELL, the memorial of
ci'<Z'ns of Micsfcan, praying for the imposition of
¡ a d.;.y on fuh imported from the C;.r.dd;v.., now on
ji r.ic, wes reffxre-' to the Commit'  e ca Comtacrco.
| i IJr. STURGEON gave nr i'.-e thi-t, to monow,
11 he would ask ieave ío ia:r::2uee x bill making a
' I imr.ll appropriation -for the Patent Office,
i     lút. UATN presented the poatioa of Naujaa
