CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8$
MM^MMMfl^gJimimT TIT          r^rr fin    i   M* r infill W          I   ■       f     Hi'lim......
B-'ggs; Jesse Watkms, James Turner, and Benja-
min Caton, of Missouri; David Magill; Joseph
Bay; John O'Bannon, William Munceaid Joseph
Woollnll, Francis Wood, Jo«eph Wood, and others;
A. Groom; David M. Cluilley, admmtstrator of
William Head; Robert A. and John G Heath,
Elisha Todd and Francis Cooper; John Turner,
citizens of Clay county, Mo ; which were all re-
ferred to the Commit ee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Prentice
F. Bonney; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, the petition and
papers of Maj. R L Baker, now on file, weie re
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. LINN, the petition and pa-
pers of De Mansur, now on file, were íeferred to
the Committee on Military Affairs
On motion by Mr. ANDERSON, the petitions
and papers now on file of Andrew Johnson and of
Samuel Love, were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented eight memorials
numerously signed by merchants and citizens of
Philadelphia, praying for the abolition of the spirit
portion of the navy ration, ard the substitution
therefor of tea or coffee; which were íeferred to
the Committee on Naval A8a>rs.
Mr NICHOLAS pre.ente I the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans, pray-
ing the passage of ageneia! banktupt law, which
was laid on the tab'e and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the petition of
George W Robinson, which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the memorial of
c tizens of New Jersey, praying the passage of
a general bankrupt law, which was laid on the
table
Mr. STURGEON, in pursuance of pr v ous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to mtioduc a ! i'i ts
make certam appropmti >ns to t >e Patem Office,
which was twice read and referred to tie Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Offics
Mr. NICHOLAS, m pursuance of previous no-
t'ce, ssked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to au hori/e the icsue of patents for certam entries
of pub'c lands, which was read twice and referred
to the Commtitee on Public Lands.
Mr MOUTON, from the Committee on Private
Land Claim , to which was reftrred the bill for the
relief of the heirs of Madame De Lusser and their
legal representa ivts, repor ed the same with an
amendment.
Mr M. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill confirming the claim oí the heirs rf Pierre
Dolet, deceased, to a tract of land in Loui isna;
which was read, ard ordered to a cesond read n?
Mr. BENTON gave notice that when the bill
establishing a generr.1 bankrupt law was taken up,
he would move to amend it by subj ctieg banks
and money corporations to the optratioti of the
bill, and the compuboiy provisions of the bill
Mr. "WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the punishment of certam
crimes against the Um'ed States, and for other pur-
poses, which was read and ordered to a second
reading.
The bill for the relief of Mary Prettyman was
considered as in ccmrmltee of the whole, and or-
dered to bs engrossed for a third reading    \   ~^~~
The bill for the benefit of the HoTvard Inst!rutfon
of the city of Wash ngton was taken up as m com-
mittee of the whole.
Mr. TAPPAN jnqn red from the chairman of
the Committee on the District of Columbia whether
this was the same bid as passed the Senate the last
session.
Mi. MERRICK    The same.
Mr. TAPPAN would call for the ayes and noes
there n.
Several Senators asked for some explanation of
the bill.
Mr. MERRICK said the memorial to the Se-
nate from respectable inhabitants of the District,
set foith the objects of this bill—which hereof a
purely benevolent character—and therefore he
would ask that it might be read
The Secretary having read tne memorial,
Mr. TAPPAN said he questioned not that th" in-
stitution which it was proposed to establish m this
city, for which aid was sought by this bill, wa; a
very meritorious and a very chantab e institution;
but he had yet to learn that they had any more
power, or authority, or right, to grant the public
property to maintain a charitable institution m the
city of Washington, than they had to support a si-
milar institution m the city of Ne-/ York, New Or-
leans, or any other city or town of the Uuited States
Because this was the seat of Government, because
Congress sits here, and the pub'ic offices were here,
were they to put themselves in the place of lhD in-
habitants, and, by their Uberahiy, afford the cuy
the means of performing acts of chari'/, which in
all other places v ere accompL-hcd by 'hi mesns
and t'.e private chant es of the cit ?pns
themselves' If the chairman of the Ci bit t e
on the Dis'riot would jive some furth r rxnlpnv
tion, he (Mr Tapfan) should be glad to hear it, for
at present be had ¡earn d nothing that was sat s
factory. He was not aware that'hey were unj r
any obliga ion to support the poor of this D -4r ct,
more than their general ob ¡gallon to do good to
the poor all over the country
Mr MERR'CK had hoped the memonal l'se'f
wou'd have been satisfactory The gentleman
from Ohio admitted that the object of the institution
was praiseworthy ¡ nd commer'dabl , and highly
beneficial to th° country, but he doub'ed the rght
of Congress to give the aid contemplated by the
bill, and he argued that Congress had no more
right to provide for the poor pnd the irdjgent here,
than in any other part of the country, Now it
seemelto him (Mr. Merrick) that the Senator
from Ohio had not given a corred construction of
the powers of Congress. New York had a Go-
vernment of 1 er own, wbr^e duty it was *i take
caieof the bcil interests oF tie ptop'e of tNt
Sfti , while the pec pie oí the D^iiU rf C -
lambía looked to Corgress as thi r evc'i  y
legislator ; there was no poue> eYC"pt that vshch
resides here, and un'ess that power was sxerci^ed,
the people of the Distne* were cut off entirely. The
members of Congress were the exc'usive rulers of
' the District, and to Congress mu t the people of
the Distnct look for the exercise oí sovereign pow-
er. Was it right and proper, then, thnt the people
of the District should be completely chsfrsinchi'ed
and cut off from all po'uicil righN which w -e en
joved by the people general!), Ard that Co gres-
should be less beneficent than tbo Lpiis'atu'es of
ctocr States^ The attt-'oni of Cc")<-1 '-over t >is
people was specnt and ffOie eopipievn /e i^ao
over the other peop'e of th  States C ii'r  s icj.
pied the place of a'ocol L°o claturi, an < tl-v . vc
not a ked to apply the nat o«al money to a ' he
peop'e of the Distr c — hsy ne'e  iit ack-d o l'ke
the money of the ppop'e of N w Yoik, o cf 'a >
land, or of Oh o, but they nrreasktd to gn-to the
people cfth-Di e- eta portion of hcprop°rt  w'>c>
beionjed to t! "m, uhch Coucie on atvil by
grant from the ovners of t^* Si i , f < 'He purpo e
of being ?ppl ed to toe prrmo'iw of the welfare
of th" peopb of ¡he D s'net. Wh1  consideration
had the recple of the Um'ed Str'es e'er pivm for
this vast amount of p'opc i^ T ,s spot v,as-se-
lected as the seat ot the Rdera' Gove-nta'nf—
cho'ce was: made of this plpce because it was con-
venient, and the prcpne'ors of (he soil ceded to
1 Congress the territory, aod now all that wa- asked,
' was to give them b'ck a small portion for a highly
beneficent object, cfth.it which was a.-much the
property of the people of the Dis not ss the land
within a Sta'e was the property of the p op'e of
the State.
Mr HUBBARD had been much sarpnsed at the
argument of the Senator from Ma'i land D 1
they ove any thmg to the D>stnci? If thev d d,
he should like to see the amount > tated, that he
might a certain the amount of bVanee due
from the Government to the D <• ria of Co-
lombia. He knew not what njht they had
to take the property of the Goyernmeot and
convey it for the benefit of any portion of the peo-
ple. He had yet to learn fhpt they bad the pon'er,
or. if they had the power, that there would be a
propriety m exercising that power. True they
were the exclusive Legislature of the District, but
-......      f '.......-......   "   ""      =
were th«y then to provide for the support of the
poor1 Was such power conferred upon them?
They had given corporate and municipal powers
to the several cities of the District, ard beyond that
they could not go, Wi h reference to the account
bcts-een Government and the District, which had
been often alluded to, he repeated that he should
1 ke to see it stated. Tee Senator from Mary-
land was greatly m error if he supposed if
the value of the property was taken into
account, there would be a balarce m favor
of the c ty. What wou'd this property have
been worth, if the Na íonal Government hsd
not been located here'! !f V- is land were taken as
n w proposed, it would be the taking of the na-
t'etial p'operty ¡>ud givirg it to th  city, <*nd he
(Mr Hrbeard) de it' th.it tbey 1 ad such power.
They m gru a^ >ei' t"ke from tre rational fund
an1 apj-roiriate it t > the n*e of t e S ate of New
íl-'T>psl>iie rs o trke thn psope-ty ior the use of
th s "s u'icr, and vi'h t'u e views be should
vo e ?gnr-.t the b 'I
Mr MERRICK had r^e'ely ?dver,ed to the
mnr.ner Congi --s ha 1 a q aired t' e t ti to t' e Dts-
•ric', to sh v UjXt iheie as t pecJfr relation
ev «t ns; lei\>ern Cocsi-csj ar 1 t •> pcopij of the
Distr ct. A  to the maun of iccouut, of which
the Senator from Ne / lTai p hire  ad spoken, he
had ¡,o m.en'ton to 'nter u'o a dis us ion. They
r ¿re net now a ' ed foraii/ th nj famthe Na-
ticrial Tiea«nrj 'bey per- cerny asked for that
which wa° placed at'hnrd pos 1 fo*" the benefit
of the people
Mr bEViaE.W \ *ed pg -si thisbilat the
last es^'o ,, and 1 " cn a'lio„«u st it asa r>,
bm he'.< she 1 f " i t>c ih->n>iia   c p fie Con'-
mittee on the D sine 1 ow i. aiy 1 > - Coiern uent
he1! in th s cit^, sir d    ' ?* # a   i'v i va\ e
Mr MEXRirK i ¡ • was i opos ib v that he
cud iov tlrs er t ■>< a nini [o  "e «.iWy
pro io5  ', cr g poiiv, h if it - p o¡ t, v of *he my
v.gs cedfd to tl e Govcr jipii , m how cudi 'he
Govi rwr>ent "-ti'l h Id I e could rot tell
Mr. SEVlEfl a'ked how i' hid b en dispo ed
of.
Mr. MERRICK exobined. A good deal of it
had been d sposed of for college, and schools, and
a good deal f< r tha improvement of th' Greets and
pobl e squares Wh°n a street wis paved, the
Con. unsMonT oft e Pju' e B nllhigs was bound
to pove that part \vt, h pi^-ed aloL^ a public
c7i-*re and for this p'rnoe a ffoo! h&l of the
p ib ic 1 i d b°ei u "> < 1 o', 1 e r- t; c ii 
ra ioi !c ' i' " o tax io iV h"1 c\~ x <> t' 11.-
fi oi pil'MOj s in trie 11 u of lie siuies ;nd
ha') '¡lion.
Mr SEViSS  ad ¡f the S natir f om Mary-
1 in J woull in rr< '. e a bill to (coo an t'-o 'o s to
tne corp rpt  au Inn us, ¡or ihe purpo p <' givmg
o erch cit zen alo for toesi'e of a "i">g cab'n,"
he CMi Set iír^ w luid vite f >rit.
Mi BTJ-ii?ABlJ    Jia'h vHt  person
Mr. ü'¿\ l,i,A \\ i te i i b it , or between the
co'oi' If t)° Senator Jroii Marjland would m-
t oJuce cjch a b 1, givui" the pabl ^ troperty in
Uv iitidiPthit>ci j to ct z< ,ai a dot prospec-
tive p"€-^rapt on cl'iioe i i ' i te- fit o. those
whj were to come h°rcai a n toa vp-..r iJts, he
would vite f r it, ai.dhe b 1 t> d mn.y oí those
with whom hea'inly ro'ed voi d vo c >o. it too.
Mr. MERRICK hoord 'ho Cena'or irom Arkan-
sas wou'd \et Kc > n • one v.! the ' 'ocr ca*>in"party
Af "rat woih-r v,o ¿si, cm Mi^SEVIER and
Mi   \ilRRICK,
Mi WALKER sad he ^al /oled for this bill
at top list c^ion with ri a1} Icasuie, and should
do so again ro v Tn° rill gtanted a small vacant
lot oí the pub! c grounds in Washington to the
Howard Ins ítute of th s- city, an institute esta-
bhsrel by p-ivate fenisfor the íuost i,oble and
charitable purpo es—-the employment oí (he poor,
especially of the r< male poor, the Widow and the
o'ph-n, and the alleviation oi human rms' ry. This
g an* was not without precedent. One of the
New England Siates and one of the Weaern States
had received from Congress large grants of the
public domain for similar institutions and for pub-
lic chanty wiihm the limits of those States. These
were grants, not of a small lot of ground, as in this
