CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
The committee then rose, and reported the bill.
Mr. HUBBARD then moved to lay it on the ta-
ble, and called for the yeas and nay; , which were
ordered, and being taken, resulted as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Atherton, Banks,
Beatty, Beirne, Boyd, Burke, Clifford, Coles, Con-
nor, Crabb, CroSb, Dana, John Davis, Doan, Doig,
Earl, Eastman, Griffin, Hand, Hawes, Hawkins,
Hill of North Carolina, Hubbard, Jamebon, Jos.
Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Kille,
Lucas, McCullocb, McKay, Mdler, Sataiel W.
Morns, Newhard, Parnsb, Paynter, Prentiss,
Reynolds, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Thos. Smith,
Starkweather, Sleenrod, Strong, Taylor, Jacob
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Turney, David D.
Wagener, Watterson, Wick, Jared W. Williams,
and Henry Williams—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, John W Al-
len, Andrewb, Baker, Barnard, Boardman, Bond,
Brewster, Briggs, Sampson H. Butler, William O
Butltr, Calhoun, William B Campbell, Carroll,
Carter, Catey, Chittenden, Cushing, Davee, John
W. Davis, G Davi=, Dawson, Deberry, Dickerson,
Del'et, Doe, Ely, Evans, Evereit, Fillmore, Fisher,
Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith, Garland, Giddmgs,
Goggm, Goode, Graham, Granger, Green, Gnnnell,
John Hastings, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hillen,
Hoffman, Hook, Jackson, James, Chas. Johnston,
William Cost Johnson, Keim, Kempshall, Lane,
Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lincoln, Lowell,
McCarty, F. Mallory, Marchand, Marvin, Mason,
Monroe, Morgan, Calvary Morn , Morrow, Nay-
lor, Nisbet, Osboine, Palen, Parmenter, Peck, Pope,
Randall, Rariden, Rayner, Reed, Ridgway, E.
Rogers, Russell, Saltonstall, Shepard, Slade, John
Smith, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stuart, Sweanngen,
Philip P. Thomas, Tillmgbast, Toland, Tnplett,
Trumbull, Underwood, Vanderpoel, Warren,
Weller, John White, Lewis Williams, Joseph
L Williams, Wmtbrop, and Wortbmgton—107.
So the House refused to lay on the table
After an amendation of the bill, by limiting its
operation to lunatics who were paupers, it was
read a third time, and the queition being on its
passage,
Mr. L. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and
nays.
Some debate of a desultory character then arose,
in relation to the length of time the bill was to be
in operation.
Mr. COST JOHNSON explained that the object
of the bill was to make a temporary provision only,
and that it was the intention of the Committee for
the District, on a proper occasion, to introduce a
bill for the erection of a building in this city for
lunatics. Mr. J. then moved the previous ques-
lon, which was seconded by the House. The
main question on the passage of the bill was then
ordered, and being taken by yeas and nays, resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Messsrs Adams, Alford, John W Al-
len, Andrews, Boardman, Bond, Briggs, William
0. Butler, Calhoun, Carroll, Carter, Casey, Chinn,
Cushing, Davee, Dawson, Deberry, Dellet, Doe,
Evans, Everett, Floyd, Galbraith, Giddmgs, Goode,
Graham, Graves, Green, Gnnnell, Hill of Virgmia,
Hillen, Hoffman, Hunt, James, Charles Johnston,
William Cost Johnson, Kempsnall, Lane, Leet,
Lincoln, McOarty, Marvin, Mason, Monroe,
Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Naylor, Nis-
bet, Osborne, Palen, Parmenter, Pope, Randall,
Reed, Ridgway, Rogers, Russell, Saltonstall, John
Smith, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stuart, Toland,
Tnplett, Jonn Whi.e, Thomas W. Williams,
Lewis Williams, Josech L. Williams, Christopher
H. William , and Wmtbrop—72.
NAYS—Messrs,. Judson Allen, Anderson, Ather-
ton, Banks, Baker, Beatty, Beirne, Blackwell, Boyd,
Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Albett G Brown,
Burke, Chittenden, Clifford, Connor, Crabb, Crary,
Cross, Dana, John Davis, John W. Davis, Dick-
erson, Doan, Doig, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Fill-
more, Fine, Garland, Goggin, Griffin, Hand,
Hawes, Hawkins, Henry, Hill of North Carolina,
Hubbard, Joseph Johnson, Cave Jack«on, Natha-
niel Jones, Keim, Kembie, Kille, Lucas, McCul-
locb, McKay, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Mon-
tanya, Samuel W. Morn , Newhard, Parrish,
Paynter,  Peck, Prentiss, Reynolds, Jai, Rogers,
Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Slade, Albert
Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, S eeniod,
Strong, Sweanngen, Taylor, Philip F. Thomas,
Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Turnev, Un-
derwood, Vanderpoel, David D. Wagener, Wick,
Jared W Williams, Henry WiLbams, and Wor-
thington—82.
So the bill was rejected,
Mr. FiLLMORE moved to recommit it for the
purpose of incorporating certain amendments,
limiting the operation of the bill to two year^, etc
This montion   was   entertained, but   without
taking any question thereon, the House proceeded
to the special order of the day, being ill?
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION
CASE,
between Messrs Naylor and Ingeiisoll
Mr. 1NGERSOLL appeared at the bar of the
House, and concluded his remarks from yesterday
m support of his claim to the seat now occupied
by Mr  Naylor.
The House then adjourned.
Note—On the motion to leconsider tho resolu-
tion of Mr. MtDiLL on yesterday, Mr. John Has-
tings voted in the negative, and not in the affirma-
tive.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, January 7, 1811.
Tne PRESIDENT submitted a message from
the President of the United States,<t|transmit'ing a
report tium the Secretary of War, containing a list
of the soldiers engaged in the last war with Great
Britain, who are ent tied to bounty land, which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed
Also, a report from the Postmaster General, with
a list of the number and compensation of the clerks
engaged m his. Department, which «as laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, transmitting a statement furnished by the bank-
ing incorporations of the District of Columbia,
showing their condition on the 1st of January,
1841, which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed
Also,a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 4th ins,', relative to the settlement of the Mis-
sissippi land claims, which was referred to the
Committee on Finance
Mr LINN presented the memorial of the hens
and legal representatives of Major General Dupor-
tail, oí Brigadier General Armand and Capt De
La Colombe, praying bounty land for Revoluliona-
íy seivices; wh ch was refeired to the Committee
on Public Lan Is.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of Jesse
Carpenter, which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
On motion by Mr NICHOLAS the petition
and papers of the West Feliciana Railroad Com
pany, now on file, were referred to the Committee
on Finance
Mr HUNTINGTON, from the CommiUceon
Pens'ons, to which was referred the petition cf
Pamela Allen, reponed a bill fot her relief, vihicn
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr PRENTISS, from the Cnmm ttee on Pen-
sions, to which wps ícferred the bill for the relief
of John McCloud, reported the same with an
amendment.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill for the relief of Samuel Crapm,
which was read, and ordered to a seoond readirg
Mr WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Aflairs, to which was referred the House bill
making provis on for navy pensions, ai,d in rela-
tion to half pay, reported the same with an amend-
ment.
Mr KING, from the Committee on Commerce
to which was refei red the memorials of citizens of
Michigan, praying for the imposition of a duty on
fish brought from Canada, asked that the commit-
tee might be d scbarged from their further con-irte-
ration, and that the memorialists have leave to
withdraw their papers. Mr K. stated as a reason
for this motion, that the Senate had no power by
the Constitution to enact a bill imposing duties.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the petition of Luke
Bonney, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, which was agreed to.
On motion by Mr H. the petition of Theodore
Brig'itwell was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary-
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been referred memorials for the ex-
tension of time to the deposite banks of Natchez
for payment of money into the Treasury of the
United States, reported a joint resolution autho-
rizing the Secretary of the Treasury to extend fur-
ther indu'gence to certain of the late deposito banks;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr W. also, from the same committee, to
which was referred a bill to authorize the payment
oi equitable commissions to the agents or attorneys
of persons in whose favor awards have been made
under three several treaties between the United
States and certain foreign powers, which awards
have been retained in the Treasury in payment of
debts due to the United States, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred th« petition of Mary Snow,
reported a bill for her relief, which was read, and
ordertd to a second reading.
Mr. P. aNo, from the same committee, asked to
be d.scharged from the further consideration of the
petition of Jacob Park and the heirs of Abraham
White; which was agreed to.
Mr. TAPPAN submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to
líeselo d, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
d r*.cu it to communicate to the Senate, at as early
a period as practicable, in a detailed and tabular
form, all the information in lh« power of his De-
partment in answer to the following questions:
1. What amount has the Federal Government
lost, from its organization to this time, by the em-
ployment of banks, by the use of bank paper, or
by its connections m any wise with banks, includ-
ing the depreciation of bank paper.
2   What amount the people of the United States
have lost, from the commencement of the Govern-
ment to this time, by the failure and the mspension
of banks, and by the depreciation of bank paper,
by the lOoS and destruction of bank notes, and by
the existence of banks and the use of bank paper
generally.
3   What have the people and Government of the
United States paid, directly and indirectly, to the
aggregate banks of the United States, for the use
ot those institutions annually for the last ten year 
4   What proportion of the stock of the several
banks of the United States is at this time owned by
Thejomt resolution to present to universities and
incorporate colleges, copies of the Catalogue of the
Library of Congress.
The bill for the relief ef Mary Prettyman; and
The bill for the benefit of the Howard Institute
of she city of Washington, were severally read a
fir! time and passed.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The bill for the relief of Joseph M. Hernandez,
Tne bill for the relief or Gad Humphrey, of the
Temteryof Florido,
The bill for the relief of Molachi Hogan, of the
Territory of Florida,
ucre severally considered as m committee of the
whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill for the relief of the legal repiesentat ves
of John J Bulow, jr. deceased, being taken up—
Mr. BUCHANAN said he would ask of the
chairman of the Committee on Claims, whether
the committee were in favor of making compensa-
tion for all the losses of individuáis occasioned by
the war in Florida.
Mr. HUBBARD said tha* q wstion had not been
presented to the consideration of the committee If it
should be presented to that committee, s0 far as he
was concerned, he was decidedly opposid to any
such principle.
