ported last session, for satisfying the claims of sol-
diers who served during the last war, to bounty
lands; bat the motion was not seconded by the
House.
The SPEAKER then called for
REPORTS PROM  COMMITTEES.
Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported
A bul to authorize and provide for the purchase
ei a lot of land adjoining the Custom House in the
city of New York; and
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of J. Porter Felt, decased; which were severally
read a first and second time, and committed to a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WELLER, from the same committee, pre-
sented an adverse report on the petition of Wm. J.
Stillwell.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of George A.
Slaughter; which was read a first and second time,
and committed.
Mr. GARLAND, from the same committee, re-
ported without amendment Senate bill No. 15, en-
titled "An act to relinquish the interest of the Uni-
ted States to a certain tract of land in the State of
Alabama;" which was read a first and second time,
and committed.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, from the same
committee, reported without amendment Senate
bill No. 12, entitled lIAn act to establish an addi-
tional land district in the State of Alabama;"
Also, without amendment, Senate bill No. I 1,
entitled "An act to relinquish to the State of Ala-
bama the two per cent, fund reserved by the act
for her admission into the Union, to be applied to
the making of a road or roads leading to said
State;" which were severally read a first and se-
cond time, and committed.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS, from the Committee
for ths District of Columbia, reported a bill mak-
ing appropriations for the benefit of the Northern
Liberty Fire Company; which was read a fust and
second time, and committed.
Mr. DEBERRY, from the Committee on Agri-
culture, reported a bill for the relief of Mrs. Anne
F. Perrine and her children; which was read a first
and second time, and committed.
Mr. W. THOMPSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill providing for the
payment of the State of Maine for services of her
militia; which was read a first and second tim;,
and committed.
Mr. MONROE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to found a military asylum for the re-
lief and support of invalid soldiers of the army of
the United S'ates; which was read a first and se-
cond time, and committed.
On motion of Mr. CLIFFORD, the Committee
on Foreign Affairs were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the^petition of Ann E. Bro-
nough.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Revolutiona-
ry Pensions, reported the following bills:
A bi 1 for the relief of Michael Seas; and
A bill for the relief of John Lybrook;
which were twice read, and committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and mads the order
of the day for to-morrow.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, asked^to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of the heirs of Lieutenant Joseph Holli-
day, and tfeat said petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claim*. And, also, that
said committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Christopher Lambert,
and that said petition be referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
On motion of Mr. ANDREWS, the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions were discharged from
the further consideration of the petitions of Han-
nah Waldo, Abigail Rives, Juliet Onron, Thomas
Hall, Margaret Askins, Peggy Duncan, C. B.
Chandler, Abigail Allen, and Joshua Bill; and the
petitions were ordered to lie upon the table.
Mr. CHITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief ef
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Beriah Wright; which was read a first and second
time, and committed.
Mr. C. also, made adverse reports on the peti-
tions of Jared uossage,
Mr. PALEN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Levi Colmus; which
read a first and second time and committed.
Mr. PALEN made adverse reports on the peti-
tions of Richard Cottriall, Benjamin Dales, Peter
Sky, Josiah Hunt, James K. Scorge, and Rufus
Henry.
On motion of Mr. J. W. DAVI3,
The House adjourned.
Note__From the low tone in which Mr. Reed
spoke on yesterday, his rematks were partially
misconceived. Mr. R. said that the income or the
emoluments of the offise of marshal of this
District was said to b¡ ten thousand dollars,
and that it was said the persons in jail were in the
most wretched condition; and, said Mr. R. I be-
lieve it. The income or emoluments of office,
said Mr. R. arise from fees, and the profit of
boarding prisoners for about $2 50 per week.
Mr. R. felt bound, as an act of humanity, to
make provision for the poor lunatics in this Dis-
trict. They assembled here from all parts of the
country, and the District was not able to support
them. He was, therefore, in favor of supporting
these national lunatics from the national treasury.
IN SENATE,
Friday, January 8, 1841.
The PRESIDENT submitted a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a
report from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, showini what portions of thepubhc lard?
have been subjected to entry at private ¡-ale for five
years, and less than ten years; for t?n years and
less than fifteen; for frtten ¡snd less than twenty;
for twenty and leso; than twenty-five; fortwen'y-
five and less than thirty; for thirty and less than
thirty-five; and for thirty-five and unwards, desig-
nating th<? States, Territories, and land districts in
which said lands are situate, and what quantity of
land has been entered after it had been subject to
entry at private sale thirty-five years and upwards,
and within what years, and within what land dis-
tricts said lands were entered. The communica-
tion was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
m?n', transmitting a report of the Sscond Áud:tor,
of the expenditures of the contingent fund of that
office; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a let'er from the Governor of Iowa, trans-
mitting memorials of the Territorial Council for va-
rious objects; which were appropriately referred.
Mr. MANGUM presented the petition of Jonas
Johnston; which was referred ta the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorial of inha-
bitants of th; District of Columbia, praying th" es-
tablishment of a syfteci of na'ional education in
said Dis'rict; which was referred to the Committee
on ths Dhtrict of Columbia.
Mr. BENTON presented the credentials of the
Hon. Samuel McRoberts, elected by the Leeifla-
ture of Illinois a Senator from that State for six
years from the 4th of March next; which were read,
and ordered on file.
Mr.WALL presented the memorial of Dr. Solo-
mon Andrews, praying that a padlock invented
and patented by him may be adopted for the use of
the Government for the security of mail bags, &c.
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Pon Roads.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial from
citizens of Maine, for the enactment of a general
bankrupt law; and
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial of the
same import from citizens of Kent county, Michi-
gan. Teese memorials, as a bill has been reported
on the subject, were laid on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial purporting
to be signed by one hundred and twenty merchants
and mercantile firms of the city of New York, re-
monstrating against the passage, of a bankrupt law;
S9
which was ¡aid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of New York, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of any bankrupt ¡aw thafdid not include
banks in its provision?. Mr. C. took occasion to
siy that his own opinions on this subject remained
uncharged, though he presented ire memorial with
pleasure. The memorial was laid on the table,
and ordered to be primed.
Mr. PORTER presented the memorial of Charles
Morgan; which was reterred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WE3STSR piesen'ed the petition of Da-
niel W. Coxe; which wa.- ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. also gave notice tliat he would ask leave
to-morrow to introduce a bid for the relief of
Enoch Bildwin.
Mr. BENTON presented the pe'ition of inhabi-
tants of Weston, Mo. asking for a pre emptionto
the site of their village; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Línds.
Mr. STURGEON, from the Committee on Pa-
tents and the Patent Office, to which was referred
the bill making certain appropriations for the Pa-
tent Office, reported the same, without amendment.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the memorial
of citizens of Cherokee county, Ala. reported a bill
explanatory of an act supplementary to an act en-
titled, An act to grant pre-emption rights to settlers
on the public lands, approved June 23, 1838.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the bill for the reli -f of cer-
tain railroad companies therein named, reported the
same, with amendment'-.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the Committee on
Finance, to which  .-.<: reUne.i the memorial of
the Mubile ftpd Ni-w Or ear-: Ibii io d Company;
the Alabama, Fiord,?, ¡¡td G:,-,iai.i Railroad Com-
pany; the Grand Gulf ítadroad and Bi.iking Com-
pany; the Korrisio.vn and Valley Railroad Compa-
ny; and the New Orle, ns and CarroU'on Railroad
Company, were discharged from their further con-
sideration, the cases being provided for ia the fore-
going bill.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the petition and pa-
pers of Loya! Hopkins, now on file, were referred
to the Committee en Claims.
Mr. HUBBARD, iicm the Committee on
Claim?, to whtch was referred the p?titi'>n of Ezra
St. John, an! the pe'iurn of Ann F. Perrine, made
adverse rcpor's theieon.
Mr. H. a'so, rjm the same committee, to which
was rcfernd the petit'oa ot William Polk, made
an adverse report thereon, on the ground of the in-
st fficiency of evidence.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the report was laid
on the table to give an opportunity to procure the
proper evidence.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
vh\ Affairs, to which was referred the memorial on
the subject, reported a lull for the relief oi the
lega! representatives cf Henry EJiford, deceased;
which was real, mi or l—vd to a tecoad reading.
Mr. W. al-o, fro-ii the i.?.me committee, made
an adverse report an the petition of Richard B.
Mason.
OREGON TERRITORY.,
Mr. LINN, in pun-u-.nce of previous notice,
asked leave to introduce a j..int resolution to au-
thorize theadop'ion <f measures for the occupation,
and settlement of th'3 Tem.oiy of Or. pon, and for
extending certa n portions of the laws of the United
States over the same.
Mr. LINN said that when tlv's bill was up at the
last session for discussion, both his political friends
and opponents pressed him to forbear urging it dur-
ing the negotiation? with the British Government
for the a^j'iitmeHt of another question, irom a
fear of embarrassing its .<ettlemee.t. Th.s was not
at the time convincing to him, but it was Fuffieient
for him that it was the advice of gentlemen of ex-
perience, and he had acted m ac ordanee with it.
His opinion was that it would ba better to put the
whole of their claimj on Great Britain together,
and see what could be done wish them; but he
never expected that they would be amicably ad-
