CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.   ,
„        ,                                     ,           ._________________           i i T
public, and it might be communicated, like all such
information, through the agency of the public
press. He thought this would be the best and
most appropriate course; ar.d unless his impres-
sions should change, he would act upon this opi-
nion, as a member of the Committee on Furetgn
Relations, should the resolution be adopted.
He was glad of the present opportunity of say-
ing a few words on another branch of the subject.
It bad been expected by some persons that there-
port of Messrs. Mudge and Feaiherstonhaugh
would be noticed by the Committee on Foreign
Relations. That report was a tissue of sophistry
from first to last, which might be easily exposed;
but so far as his information ex'e ided, it bad never
been officially reco.-ni-ed by the British Govern-
ment. In this state of the case he did not believe
it ought to be made the subject of any report from
the Committee on Foreign Relations, ar.d 'herefoie
he had never called the attention of the committee
to it. Besides, it was well miderttood that nego-
tiations were now pending, and were nearly brought
to a happy conclusion, for referring the final deci-
sion of this question to commissioners mutually
chosen by the two Governments, with such aa ulti-
mate provision, in case of their disagreement, as
must settle the question. Under the-^c circum-
stances, he thought it would be improper for the
Senate to interfere.
Mr. ALLEN sa'd he was opposed to the adop-
tion of tnis resolution. What '.vas. it-; object? To
procure testimony in support of our claim to t'te
territory embrac.d by the limits of Maine. He
was opposed to this. So long as we debated, so
long as we gave opportunity for cavil on this sub-
ject, so long would Great Britain protract its settle-
ment. There is a point at which this wiatttr must
stop; where we must put cur loot, and say, this «d-
mits of no further discussion. The Bnush Go*
vernment have just an much right 10 lay claim lo
the District of Columbia as any spot claimed
by the United States. Suppose ihat Govertimuit
should lay claim to this tem'.ory upon which we
are now holding our deliberations, and we shou'd
undertake to argue the mailer, and to hunt up do-
cumentary testimony to establish our claim, and
we should pursue this course for a feries of years,
why, we should soon be as much at sea as we are
at present in regard to the Northeastern boundary
Jine. The great fault in this matter was in per-
mitting it io be a subject of controversy. We
should have ¡sbctd onr-elvis on the lire, as called
for by the treaty of 1763, atul we should ha-e said
to GreatBritaiu, >oo cannot be s< rions or honest in
attempting to make it a subjrct of rii cusst-n.
Moot this qucstiuii of title, and go in qtictt
of evidence to support it, and you postpone its set-
tlement indefinitely. So long as you keep the ques-
tion open, Great Biitain will use the argument that
she is nearer to this territory than we are; at least
her effective power, which she is cons'antly in-
creasing, is nearer. Mr. A. said he considered this
question as settled, so far as this boly was con-
cerned. It was setded by a unanimous vole of the
Senate, who, though rent by the diversities of politi-
cal feeling, excited by a contest which had raged
through the course of twelve ytar^, yet on this
subject they had g 'ne shoulder to shcukkr,
and, by a unanimous vote, had -aid dus' q'ic >ioD,
so far as we are concernid, i.-s"ttl¿d i.nd dttrr-
rained;and there he was dispoe 1 to leave it. Mr.
A. said there were troubles ahead. It was evident,
from the conduct of her Minister en a recent occa-
sion, that Great Ention, so far from a with 10 have
this a/fair promptly and amicably settled, was en-
deavoring to get up oiher questions of embroil-
ment. He hoped the Sctia'e would not again
open this subject of the Northeas'ern boundary. We
had already decided, by a unanimous vo'r, that
our claim was right, and we will, if necessary, sup-
port it.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said the mot:on was to
adopt a resolution to print certain debates of the
Biitish Parliament jn relation to the boundary be-
tween the Sta'es and the British provinces. What
■was the present condition of the boundary question?
It is the subject of negotiation. The diplomats are
now acting on it and acting on it, as he was in-
formed, in a spirit worlhy of the enlightened Go-
vernments interested tn the question, and the libe-
ral and benevolent spirit of the age in which we
live. Wby then should we interfere? If the di-
plomats want these papers to ell ghten (hem on
the subject of their deliberates, they undoubted-
ly can have access to ihem in the libraries of this
country or of Europe. He would say, without in-
tending to cast reflections any where, lhat since
1815, the Executive action of the Government on
this question had bepn much impaired by ex-
traneous action. He referred to the report
recently made by Mes>rs. Mudge and Featber-
stonhaugh as not having been adopted by the
British Government; and sai 1 ihat it had been ably
answered by a gcn.leman of this country, (Mr.
Gallatin,) whose informat.on on 'his subject was
unsurpassed, if equalled, by any one on th s conti-
nent. Mr. C. referred to therectut cr>rn;«pondence
between the Secretary of State and the British Mi-
nister, in reference to McLeod, snd snft that the
language used by Mr. Fox w.is such as should not
have been used without instructions from his Go-
vernment. He understood iha> tie whole corre-
spondence on the part of that Minister was
without instructions, and he v, as not going
to put himself in a passion on account of
language used by a Minister under fcch circum-
stances. The affair of the Carohne was cne of
much delicacy; and it remains to be s;en whether
the order by the British authorities to capture the
vessel was net ¡mended to be limited to tlrj waters
over which th-'y had jurisdiction, whi'h might hive
been justifiable, but her capture and destruction
at Fort Sehlosser, on our own sh'. e, was another
and a very different matter. He vHied this qne--
tirn to re.t at present where the Constitution had
p''ac"d it, in the h.inds of the Executive. Should
it fail to be settled by negotiation, and was brought
before us 'or our action, tb .t course would be
pursued which wv.s dictated a ike bv ihs ho-
n ¡r and interest of ojr c miry. And if col-
isión r.hotild koToiinnately eisup, be? would not
bí hindmost in ihe defence of American r'ghls, who,
befire that collision comes, is the mo^t ccol, and
the most open to reason. He concluded by ex-
pressing his opinion that the idea of the probability
of a rupture with Great Britain was entirely un-
founded.
Mr. WALKER, said, whatever opinions others
might entertain in regard to this boundary contro-
versy, there wa; one in which he had bored ¡hat
all would coneu"; an.i ih"1-.vas. tint if war must
come, wií .should h.'.v don? all i¡; o >r ¡offer ¡o
(Vu'ousiidtc, both to friend- aid f- e , that th.  r^.'ht
of the case w r. wi'h us, and not with Great Britain.
Mr. W. sa'd ihat befóte any cotfl et ar se, h ■ cas
in favor of drironsiiam-g those rishts; not bv bold
assertion or dic'amam u; noi by unni'.*¡>nin2 ive-
n?ce, in ;<lvance, peih'p?, of any real neoe-stly;
but by the publication of impor ant documents, in all
authentic forro, c atninirg the mnie-itable proof of
the justice of ¡ib (irr c'a'ms, as conceded at one
time by cur opponents. Tn s was a document drat
oui'ht to h.' keo-vn to eveiy c¡tiz*n of the Uiiion,
and Mr. W. w.-.s («specially rt-si.-cuss that it shou'd
be in the hat;ds of a I his rom-iititnuts, that when
(,if evei) they should he n!L-d npoi to expend the.r
llood aed treas ne i.-i miiniaimn ■ the ja t claims of
a sister S ar", thev miil.t know that thee claims
had been pcknowledved by bo-h parties and bo h
houses of the Bii'ish Pa-wver.'t in 1783. Mr.
W. said he w.-.s alsi desirotis that this important
dcb.itj ittigh; be ptthiiThi-d in an ofiVh! form, in
which it rmaht rer-cls the pvplr-of Cr.natla; for he
(Mr. W.) knew, fe; m travelling th-ough Upper
and Lower Canada hst su-Muer, th...t tk". authen-
ticity ot tins debate -."as rented there throughout
both Piovinccs ar.d that much delusion prevailed,
which might, in pan, be dtssipand by this publica-
tion. A?, however, it was now la'e, Mr. W.
would move fcr the present to lay the resolution on
the table.
The resolution wis accordingly laid on the tabic.
And the Senate adjourned unid Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Fr'day, January 8, 1841.
Mr. EVERETT asked the general consent of
e House, to introduce the following resolution:
■-, fflg,.-w.-.«...-«- « "gii '■-<« ~--«tt«>t,'r.;if-ai1«'f)iiirfr-ilttriiiiOT -i muii
" Sesohed, That the Committee on Revolutiona- *
ry Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of continuing, for the term of five years,
the pensions allowed under the "act granting half
pay and persions to certain widows," passed July
7, 1833.
Objection being made,
Mr. EVERETT moved to suspend the rules,
and thereon called for the yeas and neas.
After some conversation between Messrs. TA-
L1AFER0, GALBRA1TH, and EVERETT,
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted—
yeas 99, nays 53—not two-thirds—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, J W. Allen, Andrews,
Atherton, Baker, Beirne, Blackwell, Boardman,
Bond, Breckenridge, Biiggs, Brockway, Burke,
Calhoun, Carr, Chtnn, Chittenden, Clifford, Cran-
sion, Crockett, Curtis, Cushing, Dana, Thomas
Davee, Edward Da vies, John Davis, Garrett Davis,
Dellet, Earl, Edwards, Ely, Evans, Everett, Fill-
more, Fornance, Galbraith, Gentry, Giddings,
Guode, Granger, Hal!, Hand, Henry, Hill of
Va, Hook, James, C. Johnston, Joseph Johnson, W.
C. Johnson, Kempshall, Lane, Leonard, Lincoln,
Lowell, McCullocb, Marchand, Marvin, Mason,
Monroe, Morrow, Nisbet, Osborne, Parmenter,
Paynter, Peck, Pope, Prentiss, Randall, Rariden,
Reed, Reynolds, Ridgway, Edward Rogers, Russell,
Ryal), Saltonstall, Sergeant,, Shaw, Slade, Albert
Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Stanly, Steen-
rod, Strong, Stuart, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplet!,
Tiuiabull, David D. Wagener, Weller, John
White, Jared W. Williams,Thomas W. Williams,
Henry William?, Joseph L. Williams, Caris:o-
pher II. Williams, and Winthrop—99.
NAYS—Me-srs Banks, Black, Boyd, Aaron
V. Brown, Albert G Brown, Sampson H. Butler,
Carroll, Casey, Coles, Connor, Crabb, Cross,
John W. Davis, Dawson, D ckerson, Fisher,
Floyd, Garland, Green, Griffin, Habeisham,
Hawes, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Cave John-
son, John W. Jones, Kille, Leadbetter, Lewis,
Lucas, McClellan, McKay, Francis Mallory,
Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Pickens, Samu-
els, Shepard, Sumter, Swearingen, Taliaferro,
Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Turney, Underwood, Vanderpoel,
Wanen, Watterson, and Lewis Williams—53.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. POPE gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill tj e^trnd the prrvisions of an act
supplementary io an act fir the relief of certain
surviving officers and sildiersof the Revolution,
approved the 7<h dry of June, 1832.
'     REPORT'S FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CASEY, (rom the Committee on Public
Lands, to which w;s referred Senate bill, No 23.
eniitled "An act to authonze the inhabitants of
township eight north, range thirty-two west, in the
State of Arkansas, to enter a section of land, in
lieu of the sixteenth section in said township, upon
condition ihat the same is surrendered to the United
S'ate?, for military purposes," made a report
thereon,  with  a recommendation that it do  not
'¡Mr. J. W. WILLIAMS, from the Committee
of Claims, made an unfavorable report upon the
petition of the widow of Herbert Lacroix, de-
ceased; which report was ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. CARR, the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions was discharged from the
farther considstationof the petition of Joseph Mc-
Millen.
Mr. C. MORRIS, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, made an unfavorable report on the
petition of Mary and Elizabeth Odel!; which was
la'd upon the table.
Mr. M. a'so reported
A bill for Ihe relief of John E. Wright;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Justice;; and
A bill for the relief of Jacob Euler, accompanied
by a report in each case; which bill? were several-
ly read a first and sec.md time, and committed to a
Committee of the Whole on the stale of the Union.
STEAMBOAT DISASfERS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Select Commit-
tee on the subject, to whom had been referred the
petition of John Coates and others, relating to
