04
CONGRESS ÍONAL GLOBE.
except that this law shall expire in one year from
and after its pasaje.
The bill was then referred to a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with
the accompanying documents, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. W. 0. BUTLER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the benefit of
Littlejohn Wilbins, John Lynch, William P. Ford,
and Alexander H. Patrick; which was read a first
and second time, and committed to a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. EDWARDS, from the Commit'ee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Ran-
dolph Carter, which was read a first and second
time, and commuted.
Mr.STANLY, from the Committee on Espen-
ditures on the Public Buildings, reported tha fol-
lowing resolutions, which wers adopted.
Resolved, That the Commiitee on Expenditures
on the Public Buildings have power to send for
person? and papers.
Resolved, That neitherthe Presi lent of the United
States, nor any other officer of the General Govern-
ment, shall issue cer'ificates t r due bills, or other
evidences of debt or contract, without authority of
law.
Mr. ADAMS calif d up for consideration the fol-
lowing resolution, offered by him on the 23d De-
cember last-
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be direet-
ted to report to this House ihe names of all the
postmasters throughout th* Union who have been
removed from office since the 3i day of March
1829, with the names of the peisons appointed m
their places; underscoring the names of all those
removed for official delinquency or misdemeanor,
and specifying the nature thereof, the complaint
upon which the removal was made, the evidence
in support of such comp'amt, and whether the offi-
cer removed was made acquainted with the com-
plaint, confronted with his accuser, or allowed to
be heard in his defence.
Mr. HOPKINS submitted the following amend-
ment:
1. Resolved, That the powf r of removing officers
is vested in the President oí ihe United Suites.
2   Resolved, That this power was coniened to
enable him, ihe Executive, "to take care that ihe
laws are faithfully executed," and cannot be exer-
cised atburanly or capriciously, without an abuse
of power, tyrannical in its op rauon, corrupting in us
tendency, and c< nvertmg a remedy for unworthi-
ness and misconduct into a terrible engine of Exe-
cutive power.
3   Resolved, That the patronage of ihe Executive
department has mciea-c-d to an a'3rming extent,
and onght to be lestiie'ed and diminished -o far a«
is compatible with a safe and faithful execution
of Ihe laws.
4   jResoiüéií, That it is Ihe right of the íeprcent'-
tives of the people to examire mo all abu«ps«nd
usurpations which may be apprehended to exist in
any of the Execulive departments, m order that
they may be corrected and prevented, if pc-sble,
by legislation, and m flagrant and wanton cases,
exposed and punished
5   Resolved, That the power < f appointment and
of removal from office, vested in"the Executive, may
be greülly abus d, and its. exeicise ought, there
fore, io be watched and stitcily m?ri?ed, <o rs, if
possible, "to prevent the power and patronpg" rf
the Execuuve from bemi biought into conflict with
the freedom of e'eetions "
6   Resolved, That the representatives of he peo-
ple haxe a right to lnqmrem o the causes for which
any Executive ofheer nas been removed or dis-
missed fiom office by me Executive.
"t. Resolved, That, in piosecutiig such ínqmiv,
thejHouse of Representatives has a right to c-id
for, and have furnished to it, all offic ad docum-ms,
papers, and letter", relating to the íemovil ot such
officei, which may be on fi e among thj records of
anv of the Executive D-paitmci't .
8 Resolved, That a Select Committee be ap-
pointed, whose duty it shall be to inquire end r port
a bill imposing such restrictions upon Ex*cutive
patronage as may be consistent with the foregoing
resolutions, and compatible with the Constitution
of the United States, and so as taore effectually ' 
guard against abuse and corruption in the exercise
of the power of removal from, and appointment to,
office.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, after some brief re-
marks in relat.on to the short time now remaining
of the present session, moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. ADAMS contended that the amendment
was incongruous with the original propcsition He
wished to know if the gentleman from Virginia in-
tended, by his amendment, to crash the resolution.
He (Mr A ) did not believe the amendment uas
in order.
Mr. HOPKINS disavowed any intention to
crush the isolation by his amendment, The
amendment was intended to pet prospectively, and
to pievent the occurrence of such alleged abuses ¡n
future.
After some further remarks from Mr. ADAMS,
in which he made his objection a p int of order,
and which took precedence of the motion to lay on
the table,
The SPEAKER decided that the amendment
was in order.
Mr. ADAMS appealed from that decision.
Mr BANKS, believing that no good was likely
to arise from discussion, whether the amendment
was in order or not, moved to lay the appeal on the
table
Mr ADAMS, on this motion, demand*d th 
yeas and nays, which bsmg ordered, were taken,
and resulted as follows- ycailS, nei>s SO.
So ihe appeal was laid rn the table.
The question then iccintma on the motion to lay
the whole subject on the table, ihe yeas and nays
were ordeied, and taken as follows
YEAS—Me.srs. Julson Allen, A'herton, Banks,
Beatiy, Beirne, Blackwell, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron
V Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, Sampson II.
Butler, Wi 1 am 0. Butler, Carr, Carroll, Clifford,
Coles, Connor, Willia"! R Cooper, Craig, Crar),
Dan?, Tohn Davis, John W. Dims, Dickered!,
Doan, D 15, Earl, E '■'roan, Ely, Fine, Fletcher,
Floyd, Fi t nance, Galbra,th, Hand, John Hast-
ings, Hawkins, Hill of N. C. Hook, Hubbaid,
Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnsr n, Cave
Johnson, Kille, L-adbeiter, Leet, Lowell, La-
cas, McClellan, McCullocn, McKay, Mar-
chand, Medil), Millsr, Montanya, Monfgomery,
Samuel W Morns, Newha'd, Fairish, Pdimentei,
Parri , Pientiss, Reynolds, Rives, Edward Rigers,
James Ro°ers, RyaM, Samuels,Shaw, álbertSmith,
Tnomas Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong,
Swcarins;en, Sweney, Turney, Vanderpoe1, David
D Wagoner, Waferson, Weller, Jared W. Wil-
1 air"-, an I Henry Willnms—84
NAYS—Messrs Ada-üs., Alford, John W Al-
len, Andrea , Baker,B-rnard, Boirdntan, Bnggs,
Brockway, C tleo m, Casey, Chapman, Chinn,
Cranston, Cncke't, Carti-, Cush r>g E hva'd Da-
vies, Garrett Davis, Pawson.Deberry, Del'et, Doe,
Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fil'more, F sh«r, Gar-
hnd, Gates, Gentry, Gidhigs, Gofgm, Grahsm,
Granger, Grave., Green,Griffin, II<-bersham, Hall,
Ha«'es, Henry, Hill of V.i He ffrpan, Holmes,
Hopkins, James, Charles Johnsto", Kempshal!,
Kng, Lane, Lincoln, Fiancis Mallory, Marvin,
Ma<on, Monroe. Mcigm, CaUary Morns, Mo'-
row, N sbet, Palen, Peck, Pickens, Pope, Randall,
Rar den, Reed, Ridgway, E issell, S igeant, Slv-
pud, Truman SmHh, Stan'", S'uart, Sumter, Ta-
liaferro, WaddyTnompson, J cob Th inpson,John
B. Thompson, Tllmshast, Tol-.nl, Trumbull,
Tjndeiitood, Wairen, Tohn White, Thomas W.
Williams, Lew s Williams, Joseph L Williams,
Christopher II. Williams, Win.tb.rop, a  d Wise—
92
So the Hou e reiu'ed to lay the whole subject
on the table.
'ihe ques*ion being on 'he amendment of Mr.
Hopkins, the latter «ad he woull hive no ot-
je^t'on ¡o vote for the resolución, provid d the gen-
tleman fiom Ma sachivet's would incorporate the
amendment.
Mr. ADAMS dse'ined, on the ground of ihe
amendment being of an entirely different natur- to
the resolution, the latter comp'ainmg of noabu e ,
but merely calling for facts,while the fcimer involv-
ed a set of principles m relation to the exercise of
Executive power, etc.
The morning hour having now expired, the
amendment was ordered to be printed, when the
House proceeded to the orders of the day, being
the consideration of private bills.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury ot
the United Sta'es inform this House what six land
districts have been discontinued under the act of
June 12, 1840, and when they were respectively
d ¡scontinued- also, what salaries or other emolu-
ments were paid ths officers of such districls be-
tween the 12 h of June aforesaid and the discont -
nuance of sush districts—specifying the sums paid
to each individual. And that the Secretary aho
report the amount of revenue that was paid to
each receivrr of such districts between the time of
their discontinuance and the íaid 12th day of June,
1840.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The bill for the lelief of Mary Tucker, of Ar-
kansas, which was on yesterday ordered to be en-
grossed and read a thud tun , was read a third
time, and parsed.
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Adams and
Ccmpany, and others, reported yesterday by the
Committee of the Whole, was next taken up; and
aftei some debate, m which-Messrs SALTON-
STALL, DAWSON, WINTHROP, HOLMES,
C. JOHNSON, W. THOMPSON, HABER-
SHAM, and EVANS patticipated,
Mi. C. JOHNSON moved to lay (he bill upon
the table.
The question was taken by yeas and n*ys, and
decided m the affirmative.
So the bill was hid upon Ihe table.
On mouon of Mr. C. JOHNSON, the House re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union, (Mr. Bbioqs in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill 'or the relief
of Nathaniel Goddard and others, owners of the
hip Ariadne and her caigo.
After some debate thereon, the committee ri.se,
reported progress, and asked leave to sit again.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, Januaiy 11,  1841.
The transaction of the morning bus-mess occu
p.ed the Senate until near ihe hour of 1, p. ra.
Various petitions and memorials were presented
by Messrs TALLMADGE, BUCHANAN, WPB-
STER, WALL, WHITE, rOR!E3, SEVIER,
and STURGEON.
Mr. ANDERSON pre~ented the credentials of
Mi-, Nichol'on, ihe newly appom cd Senator from
Tennes=er, to supply the vacancy oecas oned by
the deca-e of the late Felix Grondy. Mr.
NICHOLSON appeared, was qualified, and took
his seat.
Sundry bi'ls were ihnn ntrodoced and read the
first tim . By Mr WALL, fo>- ths relief of L eut.
John E Bispham Af,nr a short explanation by
Mr. WiLr, the bill w„s read the third time, and
passed.
On leave, two seveial bills were introduced by
Mr. SEVIER, and laid upon the table.
Mr CLAY presented the certificate of the au-
thorities of the S ate of Kentucky of the ie-election
ff John J. Crittenden to a seat m the Senate,
which was read, and placed on fue.
Mr GRAHAM asked and ottaine) leave to in-
troduce a bill to abolish the port of de'ivery in th"
office of the survcyoi of the cu>' i?as at Currituck,
North Carolina.
Mr. LINN submitted a resohUior, which was
adopted, giving certain instructions to the Commit-
tee rn Private Land Claims.
Several reports of little magnitude, adverse to the
allowance of certain private cla ms, were taken up,
and a¡ ieed to.
The bill for the punishment of certain crimes
against the Uni ed State-, ^nd for other purpose ,
was read the third time, and passed.
The unfinished bu-iness of Friday, the
PFRW V.NENT PROSPECTIVE PRE M1P1 ION LAW.
Thcs bill being again in order,
Tüe PRESIDENT stated the question to be on
