CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9$
the motion of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] to recommit the bill with instruc-
tions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, when he offered his
motion, he did not intend to delay the bill, and he
would now leave gentlemen to dispose of it as they
thought proper.
Mr. BENTON looked upon the proposition of
the Senator from Kentucky, if adopted, as going
to destroy the bill—not directly, but by loading it
dewn with incongruous matter. There was a lati-
tude usually allowed to Senators in their amendmen s
of measures brought before them, ard wnen it was
desired to destroy the whole ti ill, it was customary
to move to strike out all but the enacting clause,
and to substitute other matter instead; but to in-
clude in a bill incongruous matter that was entirely
foreign te its object, whatever might be the object
of the mover, was directly to defeat the measure.
He knew it was also a fair and parliamentary
practice, where Senators approved cf part of a bill,
and disapproved of other pans, to move to strike
oat the objectionable matter; but what was the pro-
position then made? There was a bill to grant pre-
emptions, which they had done for forty year? under
this Government—a question which was not only
freefromcoastitutional difficulties, but one,the Lene
fits of which bad been tested by experience—and
for the first time, a gentleman who was hostile to
the bill, offers a proposition to amend, not by
striking out all after the c-nactmg clause, for that
would be parliamentary, but to amend by adding
to it a scheme for the distribution of the public
land revenue ' Could anj thing be more mcongiu
ous than this? The distribution of the land reve-
nue brought up a question of the gravest kind—it
involved a constitutional question of great impor-
tance—it would originate the inquiry whether the
land revenue was not as much the revenue of the
Government, when it came into the Treasury, as
every dollar paid by the merchant on the impoita-
tion of his goods, and then came up the considera-
tion of the distribution of the revenue of the coun-
try at all; and that, if they had the ripht, whether it
would be expedient to do it at any time, especially
at the present time. Then would follow the whole
question of their financial system, the income and
the expenditures of the Government, aBd the inqui-
ry whether it was possible for the Government to
get along with the current payments without
the land revenue; and then, if the Government
could not get along without the land revenue, how
was the deficiency to be supplied—whether by
loans or taxes? Here, then, were questions of the
grea'est moment; some of them believed to be un-
constitutional, and othsrs mischievous, and all in-
volving a vast mass of expenditure, which would
bear heavily on the countty. Now he repeated
that it was contrary to all legislation—contrary to
all customary rule of proceeding, thus to bring m
a foreign and overpowering and overshadowing
subject at such a time to sink and destroy an ordi-
nary measure of legislation, as it passed along.
He held that this ought not to be the mode in
which an enemy of the bill should attack it, the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] was
the enemy of the pre-emption bill, and let him then
attack it fairly—let him attack it in the front—let
him give his reasons against it, but let him not, by
this side movement, bury it under incongruous
matter—let him not destroy it by a side blow, as
the measure was passing along Such a proposi-
tion as ihat by the Senator from Kentucky does
not belong to the legislation of the Senate—it does
not belong to the legislation of any body, and he
(Mr. Benton) denounced it as contrary to all fair
legislation, wherever legislation was known.
This distribution policy commenced some years
ago, and he then denounced it, he told them that if
they commenced a division of the surplus, it would
be but a little time before they divided that which
was not the surplus. In one of his speeches,
to which he had not thought it necessary to refer,
he had told them ftat if the States once began to lick
that blood, they would live on no other food from
that time forth—if they began to look to the Fede-
ral Government for money, they would come in
and take from that Government the means of its
own support; and now had they not proved the
truth of his prediction? He had told them then
that to distribute among th<¡ States what was called
the surplus, which was then placed m the banks,
would be either to make the deposite banks close
their vaults, or to rum their debtors; and he had told
them, al*o, that it must be done to the exhaustion
of the Treasury; but nothing would do, for the
books called it "surplus." He told them if they
took that first step, it would be the first plunge
downward, from which there was neither retreat nor
halt, and had they not now a proposition, m four
short years from the time of his prediction, to ab-
stract from the current income of the Government
a sum of four millions of dollars per annum, at a
moment when the Secretary of the Treasury show-
ed them, in his repor', that it was as much as could
be done to make the annual outgoings and in-
comings balance each other—at a time, too, when
gentlemen on the other side proclaimed a debt of
twenty-seven millions of dollars which they in-
tended lo detect a' their called session? What,
then, were to be their feelings? Were they to
look on and see the Federal Government strip-
ped of every shilling of its revenues? Were
they to see the State , when they found themselves
in want of money, ^eize the means of the Federal
Government, and tell it to take care of itself? Had
it come to this? He denounced it as one of the
most outrageous propositions that was ever made
under our form of Government. Here was a pro-
position to withdraw one fourth part of the reve-
nue in a time of difficulty, and at a period when
one party vsas¡ proclaiming a hidden, a secret debt
of twenty-seven millions, and the gentleman who
made the enermous proposition did not tell them
what substitute he had to propose. Why did not
the gentleman go on with his instruct ons, and di-
rect the Finance Committee to borrow four mil-
lion of dollars, or to issue four millions of Trea-
sury note-, or to impose four millions of taxes to
supply the place of the abstracted land revenue?
And let him observe, they could .not deceive Others
it they deceived themselves. If they deceived
themselves they could not deceive others when they
said "We cannot constitutionally borrow money or
raise money h&t-a-to, to divide among the States,
but one thm|«&e can do, we can tfke the money
we find in tfailEeasury, give it to the States, and
impose a taxJBborrow, or «trike Treasury notes
to supply theJjlace of that which we give away "
And jet this K the proposition of the gertleman
from Kentucky" qualify it a? be pleased, di fend
it or shrink from its defence, as he pica ed, it came
to this "here is a marked proposition to ra'se reve-
nue by loan or tax for distribution among the
States." In the mind of every candid manitwas
the same as a proposition to lay a tax for distribu-
tion among the States m the first instance.
The gentleman fiom Kentucky, m his amend-
ment, proposed 320 seres of land to the pre errp-
tioners, as part of the distribution b 11. But he
(Mr. Benton) was not to be caught by titles. Now
here was a proposition to give 320 acres of land'
Would the Senator from Kentucky vote for 160?
No: he would contend that it was too much, but if
he would not give 160 acres, he would give 320.
Was it lo be supposed that this kindness, overmuch
would impose upon any bo ly? The f lends ot the
bill did not ask 320 acres, because they would have
expected double the opposrion from the other side
of tbe House, and yet here was a pr< position to
add to the bill as much as to double what its friends
proposed to give And from whom did it corm?
From the enemies of the bill. And for what pur-
pose? Why, to destroy the bill. And what then?
Why, to show to the settlers that they voted foi 320
acres, and that his (Mr Bii-.ton's) sideof theHouse
voted against the proposition He had «een such
legislation as this before, ana he had laid it open
to the public, and he had not seen a man occupy-
ing a real "lug cabin" that could be found to be ta
ken m by it. No, it Uok the inhabitants of the
city "log cabins"—the silk stockings and kid glove
gentleman—to be deceived by it. This pioposition
would deceive no one that dwelt in a real log ca-
bin; and he was not suipnsed that the gentleman
hesitated to defend his proposition. It was an
enormous proposition—it was an unparliamentary
one—it was a hostile, deadly hostile one, and he
(Mr. Benton) had denounced it as such the mo-
ment it came in, and he should continue to do so;
and he should meet his constituents and tell them he
voted against the 320 acre proposition, as part of
the distribution bill, knowing the intention of its
mover was to destroy the 160 acre proposition,
which was then pending.
Mr. MANGUM spoke at length in opposition lo
the pre emption policy.
Mr LINN defended the bill. He said that this
Government had been settled on the pre-emptive
system from the beginning; and he wished to keep
the beginning, the middle, and the end together. In
allusion to the epithets applied by some gentlemen
to the settlers, of "land stealers" and "squatters,"
and of the opinions of others m contradiction of his
statement, that a small civil force, ?nd an enforce-
ment of the laws, would preserve the public land
from encroachment, he said that it was a scriptural
injunction to man to possess the earth, and reple-
nish it, but if it were "land stealing," this was a
nation of land dealers from the beginning, for they
had either itolen it or cheated the Indians out of it;
and therefore the appellation would apply equally
to their forefather . That the movement of the
peopk' would be onward, he again asserted; and be
denied that the laws were a rufrkient safeguard of
the public lands. Jurors could not be found to
convict in such cases, which were uniformly decided
against the Government, at an expense of many
tLousand dollars. Would they, then, send an army
to destroy the "squatter1? it he had an enemy in
the world, (and he believed he had not many,) he
would wish him no greater infliction than the scor-
pion stingmgs of ronscierce, wiihwh ch the execution
of such a commission wouid be succeeded. It was
not nnusuM bv legislation, to heal breaches in the
law. Charters wer* sometimes violated, and legis-
lation was re*oi ed to to heal ihe breach. Here,
then, was a breach of the law by the settlers, and
they were asked to pass this bill, to heal that
breach.
Mr. CALHOUN wished to move an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky.
He hoped now the debate would tike the widest
range, and embrace all the subjects in connection
wuh the great land question. He desired to stale
his views thereon, and he should occupy the Senate
perhaps an hour.
Mr. CLA.Y of Alabama interposed, and re-
quested the Senator from Sou<h Carolina to put his
amendment into shape, so that it could be printed,
and to give way for a mot on to adjourn.
Mi CALHOLN assented, and his amendment
was ordered to be printed. Its object was to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and to substitute
his "bill to cede the public lands to the Slates m
which they lie, on certain conditions."
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OR REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, January 11, 1841.
After the journal had been read,
The SPEAKLR announced that the first business
in order was the consideration of the report of the
Committee of Elections relative to the
PFNNSYLVAMA CONTESTED ELECTION CASE,
between Messrs. Ingersoll and Naylor.
Mr NAYLOR being entitled to the floor, pro-
eeeded to reply to the remarks of Mr. Inqersoll.
After speaking for two hours and a ha!f, h- gave
way to
Mr SERGEANT, who moved that the House
do adjourn
At the request of Mr J W. JONES, the motion
was withdrawn
Mr JONES, by general consent, reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means a bill entitled
An act making appropriations for the civil and di-
plomatic expenses of Government for the year
1841, which was read twice, referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, i nd or-
dered to be printed.
Tae House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 12, 1841.
The business of the morning opened in the pre 
sentation  of petitions  by Messrs,  NORVELL,
