96
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiB
PIERCE, WALL, FULTON, HUBBARD, and
BENTON
Sundiv bilí  i>ere mttoduced b> Me srs. RUC-
ÓLES, SEVIER, CLAY of Alabama, PHELPS,
YOUNG, &c
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill for the continu-
ance of (he Cumberland road through the States of
Ohio, Indiani, and Illinois, wn ch, on motion, was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr TAPPAN made a tew remarks m reference
to the improper practice which had prevailed in the
Senate in referente to prwate claims, to remedy
which m future, he moved an amendment of the
joint rules. Thá amendment was ordered to be
printed
THE GENERAL ORDERS were then taken
lip, when the loliowmg bills were passed, and or-
dered engrossed for a bird leadi.ig
The b II for the relief of John E. Bispham was
read the third time an 1 passed.
The bill confirming the claim of the heirs of Jo*.
Thompson, sr. deceased, tj a tract of land in Mis-
souri, was ordered engrossed, and read the third
time.
The following bills were similarly disposed of-
For the relief of Joseph Eogy.
For the relief of Thoma. B Copes.
Confirming to Geo'ge Tuciier, hi* heirs or as-
signs, a certain tract of rnd in Alabama.
To authorize the Legislatuie of the State of Ar-
kansas to sell the land , hcietofore appropriated for
the use of schools in ¡h?t & ate.
For the relief of Fianc s. Laventure, Ebenezer
Childs, and L nus Thompson.
To perfect the titles to land-, south of the Arkan-
as river, held under New  Madrid locations and
pre rmption rights under ihe act of IS 14
For the relief of Din,d Sfn íod
For the ic-lief of J,mes M  Morgan.
For the rtlief of Fian 's Gehon
Foi trw relief oMain    II  Rite.
For the relief of Jubal B Hancock.
In addition to an act to promote the progress of
the useful arts
For the relief of Charles M Keller and Henry
Stone.
For the relief of Ji tin C  Rev nolds.
For the relief of Tnosnas. Hawkins and Ralph
Haskms.
A message was received from the Prewlent of
the Untied State,
When the spu ial or lor, 'he
rai\iv\r,Ni PiKWicmc rni empiion i «v,
was agan undo con idt ration.
Mr. CALHOUN bavin* the floor, procreded, in
that usually lucid, cLir, foicibk and statesmanlike
manner wil,> wine i he met u> all questions of such
grave public iw¡ oit, to piesuit his views upon the
subject under dis< ii. ion He took a rapid glance
at the present condition of th^ country, its past le-
gislation upon tb/> subject of the pubic land-, the
little hitherto effected by that legi lation, and the
necessity i,.i| n w d«man'ei of Congress the
speedy, the finí!, and the | r per ard appropriate
settlement of this great an,ou.il subject so a? to
meet tbe lmeicsts At á ih^w^nts ot the country
He met the unsound «ind fill nous o^j ct oils of
the opponent,of the b II by ptintirg to the pre ent
actual «i uation , t d condition of the land reve me
of the Uiion, and >ave a c* 'idersed siaastiral re
ference to the prominf rt tac s vv¡ ich the public re-
cords so fully exoi i d, a id wh'ch sh ulci be cor-
rectly um e o (o i by that b di, ar¡d by the people,
that a barrier n igi <, be eiev ted *o prevent the dan-
ger whn h fori ato ed 'nc n i ion.
Mr. CñirrCiSO'N r pled <o Mr Caliiouv,
and cecuped tie S n e l i cb ut t*o hom 
Hereferred it'e* ' foioin i> conree pursue 1 to-
wards him bj th" s itVrr i > n M sour , [Mr.
Bent n ] and by t i ¡ u
Una, [Mr. Calhoia, ] in
bis proposition .is ¡r<n5 ex
and the other a* iff e r J
Mr. C. took a gen r,. i
ject of the pre emp ¡oil I,
much mgeiiu ty aid skill hi  picr-osed substitute
and am>=iiJment
Mr.  BENTON again ad-ene I   to   the  a-gu-
jaenfs adduced by tee enemies of the measure un-
'■  n fro>n S5u h Caco-
rra i laviii  considered
t   diimy and enormous,
' * " a dJoi.li h
i  v        ke    a hole sub-
J    ,pi*e tie a viMh
der discussion, and particularly to the attempted
defense of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittenden ] His arguments were all enforced
with h s known abihty.and his usual bold and com-
manding eloquence.
Mr. CRITTENDEN rejoined, and
Mr. BENTON again replied, and the debate was
continued between them until the hour of adjourn-
ment.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Toesdav, January 12, 1841.
The first business m order was the consideration
of the report of the Committee of Elections relative
to the
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION
CASE
between Messrs. Naylor and Ingehsoll
Mr. NAYLOR being entitled to the floor, was
about to resume his remarks, when
Mr. ADAMS, on leave, presented the petition
of two stone cutters, lately employed on the public
buildings, complaining of their exclusion from
work thereon, and protesting "against a system of
favoritism which at present operates so much to
their detriment," which petition was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. GREEN asked leave to submit a resolution
directing the Committee on Ways and Means to
consider the expediency of reporting a bill imposing
a tariff «n wines, spirits, and other luxuries, for
the purpose of meeting demands, upon the Govern-
ment
Objection being made, the resolution was not re-
ceived.
Mr. CAMPBELL asked leave to oiler the fol-
lowing:
Resolved, That the Speaker of this House be re-
quested to issue a mbpama duces tecum to Samuel
Hart, esq prothonotary of the court of common
peas for the city ajftfecounty of Pm'adelphia, di-
recting the said Samuel Hart, esq. to appear per-
sonally, or by deputy, before this House, at one
Jíclock, p- m. on Friday ¿áha.15th msiant, with the
¡election returns and othe^6p|rs on Hie in his of-
fice, relating to the Congre™. ,
Third Concessional district in t!
sylvama in 1838, there to be exai
in the cise of contested election
tween C J Ii.gers.oll and Chal:
the «aid Congressional divnc .
Objection beins; made, it was not
Mr. NAYLOR here observe 1, Hi
be the p%asure of the House, he would have no
objection* to waive a continuation of his remarks
until the expiration ot the morning hour.
And such being the understandirg,
IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT.
Mr ¡SERGEANT, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, to which had been referred the Senate bill
amendatory of the act abolishing imprisonment for
debt in certain cases, reported the same without
ame dment, as follow :
Beit enacted, &te That the act entitled "An act to
abo'ish imprisonment for debt in certain cases,"
approved February 28, 1839, shall be so construt d
ps to abolish imprisonment for debt on process is-
suing out of any court of the United States, m all
ca es whatever where, by the laws of any State,
impii onment fir debt has been, or shall hereafter
be, abolished
Mr S a'terso-ne explanatory remarks, show ng
the necessi y of the amendment to the original act,
wnereby its apphca irn would extend to non-rcsi-
dents ot the State of New York, luped the bill
would be passed forthwith.
M' ADAMS urged some constitutional objec-
tions to the bi'I mis present form. He did not
krow wnat laws the S'ales might hereafter adopt,
b which, whatever they might be, Congress would
be bound to abide. He therefore moved to amend,
by striking out the woids, "or shall be h reafter."
After some brief remarks from Mev-t* MON-
ROE, THOMPSON, and FILLMORE,
Mr HUBBARD said, when it should be m order,
he would ofKr a further amendmert, so as to com-
pel every man to make a sui render of his nroperty
before his relesse.
The question, being on ths amendment of Mr 
ived.
if it should
Adams, the discussion was further continued by
Messrs. BARNARD, FILLMORE, VANDER-
POEL, and POPE, involving split-hair distinctions
in matters of law; when
Mr. HABERSHAM moved to recommit the bill
with the following instructions:
"To report a bill to abolish imprisonment for
debt under process issuing from the courts of the
United States in all cases except where the judg-
ment shall be against an officer of the United
States for a defalcation in his office "
After some further explanation from Mr. SER-
GEANT in relation to the peculiar powers of the
judiciary of the United States,
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded by the House, thert by
cutting off the motion to recommit, and bring the
House to a direct vote on the amendment of Mr.
Adams.
The mam question on the amendment was then
ordered, and taken by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, An-
drews, Banks, Baker, Boardman, Calhoun, Casey,
Garret Davis, Dromgoole, Everett, Fillmore, Gal-
bratth, Gates, Habersham, Hopkins, Charles John-
ston, Kemble, McKay, Marvin, Osborne, Par-
menter, Peck, Randall, Reed, Saltonstall, Truman
Smith, Underwood, Peier J. Wagner, Thomas W.
Williams, and Lewis Williams—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Atherton, Barnard, Beatty,
Bond, Boyd, Bnggs, Aaron V. Brown, John
Campbell, William B. Campbell, Carter, Chinn,
Chittenden, Clifford, Connor, Crabb, Cranston,
Ciary, Crockett, Curtis, Dana, Edward Davies,
John W. Davn, Dawson, Deberry, Dickerson,
Dellet, Doan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Evans, Fletcher,
Floyd, Fornance, Garland, Gentry, Giddmgs, Gog-
gin, Goode, Granger, Green, Griflin, Hall. Hand,
Hawkins, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hill of North
Carolina, Hoffaun, Hook, Hunt, James, Jameson,
Jenifer, Joseph Johnwn, John W Jones, Kemp-
shall, Kdle, King, Lane, L adbetter, Leet, Leo-
nard, Lucas, McCarty, McClellan, McCulloch,
F. Mallory, Marchand, Mason, Medill, Monroe,
Montanva, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, S. W.
Morn% Naylor, Nisbet.'Palen, Parris, Pope, Rari-
den, Reynolds, Ridgway, Edward Rogers, Samuels,
Sergeant, Simonton, S ade, Albert Smith, Stanly,
Starkweather, Stuart, Sweanngen, Sweney, Tay-
lor, Jacob Thompson, Jihn B. Thompson, Til-
linghast, Toland, Tnplett, Vanderpoel, David D.
Wagener, John White, Wick, Jared W Williams,
Jcs ph L. Williams, Christopher H. Williams,
Winthrop, and Wise—110
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
Mr. SERGEANT, from the Committee on the
Judciary, reported back to the House, Without
amendment, the following Senate bills, Viz-
An act to prevent the counterfeiting of any fo-
reign copper, gold, silver, or other com, and to pre-
vent the bringing into the United Stales, or n'tenng
any counterfe t foreign copper, gold, silver, or
other com;
An act to conurm to the State of Indiana the
land selected by her for that portion of the Wabhsh.
and Ene canal, which lies between the mouth of
the Tippecanoe river and Terre Haute, and for
other purposes; and
An act to amend an act enticed ' An act more
eff cuially to provide f< r the punishment of cer-
tain crimes against the United States, and for other
purposes,"
vhieh bills were severally read, and referred to a
Committee of the whole on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr SERGEANT, the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary were discharged from the con-
sideration of the following Senate bills, viz
An act m addmon to an act for the relief of
Walter Loom s and Abel Gay;
At act for the relief of John Moore, and
An act for the relief of Clements, Brvan, and
Company;
which bills weie transferred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, from the ftuther consideration of an act
for the relief of John Carter, which was transferred
to the Committee for the District of Cofumbia.
Mr. SERQEANT, from the Committee 0fl, the
