98
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
tiotis- and   pre-emption  rights under the  act of
1814;
An act to authorize the Legislatures of the Slates
of Arkansas, Louisiana, and Tennessee, to sell the
lands heretofore appropriated for the use of schools
in. those States;
An act for the relief of JubalB. Hancock;
An act in addition to an act to promote the pro-
gress of the useful arts;
An act for the relief of Daniel Steenrod; and
An act for the relief of James M. Morgan.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications, viz:
1. Prom the Post Office Department, in compli-
ance with the second section of the act of July 2,
1836, to reorganize the Post Office Department,
enclosing estimates for the service of that Depart-
ment for the year commencing July 1, 1841.
Referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
% Pram the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
in obedience to the act of the last session of Con-
gress, requiring him "to make to Congress annu'
ally, at the commencement of the year, a report of
the manner in which all appropriations for the
public buildings and grounds have been applied."
Referred to the Committee on Expenditures on
the Public Buildings.
Mr. BR1GGS asked that his colleague, Mr.
W. S. Hastings, be excused from serving on the
Committee on Private Land Claims, in conse-
quence of ill health; which request was agreed to.
Mr. CRABB presented the petition of a large
number of the citizens of Pickens county, Ala-
bama, for the establishment of a mail route from
the town ofBridgeville, via the town of Fairfield ia
said county, to the town of Macon, in the county
of Noxubee, Mississippi; referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
IMPORTED MANUFACTURED SILK.
Mr. ADAMS, after some introductory remarks
on the importance of early action on the House
bill, No. 311, for laying a duty on imported ma-
nufactured silks, hoped it would be made the spe-
cial order for that day fortnight.
Mr. JONES of Virginia said he would be very «lad
to give his assent to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, especially as it was n
measure thst proposed to bring money into the pub-
lic Treasury; but the process would ¡be entirely loo
slow to answer any piactical purposes at the pro-
sent session. Besides, as be (Mr: J.) had already
introduced a bill providing for a more sperdy ope-
ration, (the Treasury Note bill,) he hoped the bill
referred to by the gentleman from Massachusetts
would not be taken up until the oiher measure had
been before the Hotve.
Mr. J. observed that several subjects had alieady
beed made the special older for certain days; and if
the bill now referred to by tlv gcnileman from
Massachusetts should also be made the s-prcial ol-
der, and took up much time, as it undoubtedly
would, he (Mr. J.) did not know when an opportu-
nity would be afforded for considering theTreasury
note bill, the pension bill, and other important
measures requiring early action. He hoped, there-
fore, that gentleman would not press his request.
Mr. ADAMS observed that the bill he held in
his hand was intended to devise means for repay-
ing the proposed loan of Treasury noles; and as at
this very time very large importations were making
in the port of New York, he thought it highly ne-
cessary that the bill should be entered upon without
delay,
Mr. JONES again adverted to the delay which
must necessarily arise from the consideration of
sucha bill, and he was sure, if the gentleman from
Massachusetts would reflect upon the condition of
the Treasury, at the present moment, he would see
the necessity of postponing the bill. It was highly
important that a temporary suppiy should be made
so as to enable the Treasury to meet the demands
upon it daring the pressnt quarter; not but that the
accruing revenue would enable the department to
meet the demands against it during Hie year, but it
would not enable it to meet them in lime.
Mr. J. referred to the report of ihe Secretary of
the Treasury in order to show the inequality of
receipts and expenditures during the present year,
which -would make it necessary that a temporary
provision should be made to enable the Treasury
to meet demands upon it which would be made be-
fore the funds appropriated to meet them should
have been received. The report stated that unu-
sually heavy expenses would fall due during the
first quarter of the present year. "In addition to
a full portion of the cunent expenses, and the whole
pension payments for the first half of the year, and
one-third of a million or snore for all the annual
fishing bounties, there will be imposed on it most of
the charges for the wh'ile year, connected with the
session of Congress and private bills, as well as
Urge payments for taking the census, and for the
first instalment of the debt of this District, etc."
Mr. J. also referred to the following communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury, laid on
their tables this morning, as a further reason why
no delay should take place in reference to the
Treasury Note bill.
Treasury Department,
December 21,1840.
Sir: I perceive that a new appropriation bill has
pa;sed at this session for sums exceeding $400,000,
considerable portions of which wtll probably be
called liom the Treasury during the present year.
Another appropriation bill appears to have been
reported, with a view to its immediate passage,
which is supposed to be nearly double the amount
of the other, and an addition proposed to it, on ac-
count of navy pensions, of a sum between $150,000
and §200,000, entirely new in i's character. Much
of this addition, if made, is likely to be drawn for
the present mown, as it may be needed on or be-
fore the 1st day of January, and probably some
portions of the original bill as reported. These
new charges on the present year are of such magni-
tude as (with the circumsiances hereafter specifiei1,
and others referred to in the second, tenth, and
eleventh pages of my recent annual report) to ren-
der it proper, in the opinion of the undersigned,
that he should repeat the recommendation contain-
ed in that report—that they be accompanied by
some early proviiion of additional means to meet
the whole of them with promptitude.
The letters annexed, just received, show likewise
some recent decisions of the courts, that appear to
require the refunding of more duties fiom the
Treasury, to a considerable amount.
Another communication is also annexed, which
reached the Department to-day, and shows the ex-
traordinary drawbacks about to be demanded in a
siugle case, on refined sugars, extending probably
to $75,000 or §30,000; a sum nearly equal to rulf
of the nett revenue often collected in a week in the
whole Union.
To meet calls like these, in addition to those first
specified by the new appropriations, will probably
much reduce ihe balance heretofore anticipated at
the close of the year.
Under these circumstances, coupled with those
referred to in my annual report rendering some pro-
vision proper, not only to cover ordinary contin-
gencies and fluctuations, but especially to provide
adequate means for meeting seasonably the large
charge  then explained to be imposed on the first
quarter of the jear 1841, and several of them as
soon as the 1st of January, the hope is entertained
that somfl such temporary provision will be made
at ihe earliest day practicable.
Looking to the security aod high standing of our
national credit, it was deemed prudent, when that
report was prepared, that it be done by the com-
mencement of the year; and the occurrences since
tend strongly to confirm the opinion then expressed,
and are, therefore, now promptly and respect-
fully submitted to the consideration of the Commit-
tees of Ways and Means and on Finance in the
two Houses.
The amount of means authorized might judi-
ciously extend to the five or six millions which have
usually been kept on hand in former years, as a
balance to cover ail contingencies and fluctuation?,
and it might be used as a substitute for that ba-
lance whenever the public wants should require
during the year, and be all reimbursed before its
close, if the revenue increases in the latter part of
the year as is anticipated in the annual report.
My opinion, formerly expressed, on the most
convenient and economical mode of making such
a temporary provision, remains unchanged in fa-
vor of an issue of Treasury notes, to be redeemed
out of the revenue received before the end of the
year, and to be provided for either by an amend-
ment te some appropriate bill, or by a separate act
of Congress.           Respectfully,
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
To Hon. J. W. Jones,
Chairman Committee of Ways and Means, H. R.
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, December 17, 1840.
Sir: The Circuit Court of the United States
for the district of Maryland having, at the No-
vember term, 1840, declared "soda ash" to be ex-
empt from duty, I have to inform you, that 1 have
directed to be refunded the duties paid under pro-
test on that article as carbonate of soda.
I beg to request your instructions on. the matter
presented in the enclosed copies of letters from the
district attorney and collector of the customs a
Boston, in relation to recent decisions of the United
States court in that city. If those decisions are ac-
quiesced in by the department, (and I know not,
after the expressed opinion of the district attorney,
how they can be resisted,) the fre® admission, of
"gunny cloth" may materially interfere with, if not
totally destroy, the domestic manufacture of cotton
bagging. The honorable Mr. Clay, of the Senate,
having, during the last session of Congress, called
the particular attention of the department to this
subjeet, I have thought it proper to submit it, in its
present position, to your special notice.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
J. N. BARKER, Comptroller.
Hon. Levi Woodbury, Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, December 18, 1840.
Sir: By a communication from the collector at
New York, dated the 13th instant, a copy of which
is herewith enclosed, it appears that ihe article
worsted plush is added to the list of goods (hereto-
fore paying goods under the construction of law by
this depaitment) exempted from duly by the deci-
sions ®f the United States coutts.
Before instructing the collector to refund duties
paid under protest on this article, I have thought it
proper, as in former cases, to submit the subject for
your deciiion and sanction.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
J. N. BARKER,
Hon. Levi Woodeuky,                   Comptroller.
Secretary of the Treasury.
Custom-house, New York,
December 18, 1840.
Sir: The Messrs. Woolsey made an entry of re-
fined sugar to-day, the bounty on which will be
between seventy and eighty thousand dollars, if
the vessel by which it is to be exported has suffi-
cient capacity to take it all.
I have before called your attention to the im-
portant fact of the refiners having an advantage in
this respect which I am quite sure the policy of the
Government did not intend to confer, though Con-
gress, by its legislation, has conferred it.
To illustrate  the proposition, I will make be-
low  the calculation of  duty on 100 pounds of
sugar imported, costing, in a foreign port, four and
a half cents,
100 pounds, at two and a half cents per
pound duty,                                               $2 50
Deduct, under compromise act, forty per
cent.                                                            1 00
Add eight per cent, on cost, say p 50,               36
Actual duty on 100 pounds brown sugar,      $1 86
The bounty, or drawback, on refined sugar, is
five cents per pound, and has been so since 1829;
at which time the duty on importation of raw su-
gar was three cents per p und, or three dollars the
