CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
90
hundred pounds, which now is but $1 86 the hun-
dred pounds, making a difference in the duty, be-
tween now and 18.29, when the present bounty was
fixed, of one dollar and fourteen cents on a hun-
dred pounds.
The quantity imported into thu distnct the three
first quarters of this year was thirty-seven million
six hundred and twelve thousand six hundred and
twenty-three pounds, (say 37,612,623 pound ,) the
difference on the duties upon which, at this time,
compared with the duty m 1829, when the present
bounty was increased, amounts to $428,783 90.
As the refiners were willing to do business upon
the basis the law placed that business in 1829, it
seems to me that Congress ought now to interfere.
Very respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
J. HOYT, Collector.
Hon. Levi Woodbury,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department,
January 7, 1811.
Sir : I enclose, for the consideration ol your
committee, the copy of another letter from the col-
lector of New York, concerning the large and un-
expected amount of drawbacks paid and paying at
that port. Other large drawbacks of this kmd are
demanded at Boston occasionally.
Coupling these payments with ether's befoie de-
tailed to the committee, foi refunding duties under
recent judicial decisions, with the great demands
for fishing bounties, the debt of this District, the
census, pensions, Florida wai, &c (most of (hero
referred to in the tenth and eleventh pages of my
annual report,) and I do not see how it is possible
to preserve the public faith in respect to them, and
the other large current expenses of an ordinary
character, without the additional means desired in
that report to be furnished at an early day
As more than a month has transpired siace this
was first desired and explained, any further delay
will place the Deparment m daily jeopardy of not
being able, at certain points, to raise available
means sufficient to meet the public engagements at
those points.
I trust, therefore, that the committee will excuse
me for urging the speediest action possible on this
important subject.    Respectfully,
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. John W. Jones,
Chairman of Commit'ee of Ways and Means.
Custom House, New York, Jan. 5,1841.
Sir. I am glad to learn that the ques'ion of
bounty on refined sugar has been submitted to a
committee of Congress.
We paid the Messrs. Woolsey to-day another
bounty of over $25,000, and one will mature in a
few days for three times the amount.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. HOYT, Collector.
Hon. Levi Woodbury,
Secretary of the Treasury.
After some remarks from Mr. CUSHING, m
which he discussed the propriety of making provi-
sion for the coming Administration, the motion for
making the bill of Mr. Adams the special order
for the 27th instant, having been made, the yeas
and nays were demanded, «md, being ordered, re-
culted as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, An-
drews, Atherton, Boardman, Botis, Briggs, Cal-
houn, Carter, Casey, Connor, Crabb, Cransion,
Cushmg, Edward Davies, John Davis, Garrelt
Davis, Deberry, Dellet, Edwards, Fillmore, Gal-
braith, Granger, Graves, Gnnnell, Hawes, Hoff-
man, James, Jenifer, Wm. Cost Johnson, Kemp-
shall, Lincoln, McKay, Francis Mallory, Marvin,
Mason, Monroe, Morgan, Morrow, Naylor, 0 -
borne, Peck, Pope, Randall, Reed, Ridgway, Rds-
sell, Saltonslall, Sergeant, Sunonton, Slade,
Truman Smith, Stanly, Taliaferro, Tillinghast,
Toland, Tuplett, Trumbull, Underwood, John
White, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams,
Christopher H. Williams, and Witathrop—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Linn Banks, Black, Blackwell,
Brewster,  Aaron   V.   Brown,   Burke,  Bynum,
John Campbell, Carr, Chapman, Clifford, William
R Cooper, Crary, Cross, Dafla, Dickersen, Doan,
Doig, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Floyd, Garland,
Goggm, Graham, Hand, John Hastings, Hill of
Virginia, Holmes, Hopkms, Hubbard, John W.
Jones, Kilie, Leadbetter, Leonard, Lucas, Mere-
dith Mallory, Medill, Paynter, Pickens, Reynolds,
Rives, Edward Rogéis, Samuel?, Shaw, Strong,
Sumtei, Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Vancierpoel, Watterson, and Wise—52
And there being no quorum,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, January 14,184!.
The PRESIDENT submitted a report from the
Secretaiy of the Treasury, ¡n answer to the follow-
ing resolution submitted by Mr. Tallmadge on il e
31st December last:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury le-
port to the Senate a list of the drafts drawn by ihc
Treasury Department, or by xts order, that—be-
tween the 28th day of February, 1839, and the 4th
day of July last, and also since the 4th day of July
last—have been protested for non payment, or that
have been presented for payment, and remain un-
paid; exhibiting in a tabular form, the date of such
draft, the names of the payees, the names and of-
fice of the drawees, ihe plate where payable, the
time when payable, the amount, the time when
presented, and the time when protested.
The report was laid on th« table, and ordcied to
be printed.
Mr. ALLEN presented a meaional of inhabi-
tants of Wood county, Ohio, praying the passage
of a general bankrupt law.
Mr. CL A.Y of Kentucky presented a memonal
of citizens of New York for the satre purpose.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from ci-
tizens of Washington county, New York, for the
same purpose.
These memoual% as a bill had already been re-
ported in concurrence « uh the prayer of the peti-
tioners, were laid on the table.
Mr. WHITE presented the pelition of inhabi-
tants of Indiana, praying the establishment a mail
route v Inch was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE   CENERAL ASSEMBIY   Or
ALABAMA ADVERSE TO A PROTECTIVE TARIFF
Mr CLAY of Alabama presented the following
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Alabama,
which were read
Preamble and Re=olutirns of the Geneial Assem-
bly ot the Stite of Alabama, responsive to cer-
tain resolutions of the Slate of Connecticut in,
favor of the protective po'icy.
Certain resolutions of the State of Connecticut
have been commumca'ed by the Governor of this
State to this General Assembly, agreeably to a re
quest contained m said resolutions which express
sentiments m favor of what they designate "the
protective policy of our Government," and contain
a request to the Senators and Representatives in
Congress from said States, to resist, by all constitu-
tional mean', every attempt to destroyer mpair
said pol'cy, and to use their exertions to procure
the passage of such laws as will effectually protect
the labor of this country from the policy and legis-
lation of foreign Governments, the said resolu-
tions further signify, that it is the wish of our sister
State to obtain from us an expression of our senti-
ments on the subject to which her said resolutions
relate.
It becomes ns in courtesy, undei such circum-
stances to make answers,which we proceed respect-
fully to do, as1 follows
We presume we properly comprehend the Slate
of Connecticut as intending, by the words "protec-
tive policy oí our Government," m her aforesaid
resolutions, a protective tariff, and by the word's
''labor of this country," themanufac'urmg labor of
this country. So understanding our sister Stats,
we cannot forbear expressing our surprise and re-
gret to find that she should feel it incumbent on her
to press this fruitful source of di'cord and distrac-
tion upon the attention of Alabama and the South,
at this time—two years in advance of the ex-
piration of that "compiomise" which has, for a pe-
riod, allayed the fierce and angry passions to which
"the" protective policy had heretofore given rise.
But as she ha  thought proper to call upon us for
our sentiments on this subject, we proceed to
give them fully embodied in the following resolu-
tions—the principles of which, we would kindly,
but firmly, admoaish our sister Connecticut that
we are determined to maintain at every hazard.
Be it thsrefore resolved unanimously, by the
Senate and House of Representatives of the State
of Alabama in General Assembly convened, That
the Government of the United States was esta-
blished in order to form a more perfect union, es-
tablish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide
for the common defence, and piomote the general
welfare, to, and among the several separate and
sovereign States of this Union, and to secure the bles
sings of liberty to tfs and our children as citizens of
said States.
Sec. 2. Resolved unanimously, That said Go-
vernment never can establish justice, insure do-
mestic tranquility, or promote the general welfare
of this widely extended Union, and the diversified
interests and pursuits thereof, especially in view
of their peculiar relations aforesaid, by enacting
laws to foster, promote, and protect the industry
and occupations of one portion of the States or
people, to the disparagement, injury, and expense
of another
Sec. 3. Resolved unanimously, That a tariff for
the protection of manufactures always was, and
always must remain, obnoxious to the objections
set forth m the foregoing resolution; and that con-
sequently, every such measure always has been,
and ever will be, in our estimation, unwise, unjust,
and unconstitutional.
Sec 4 Resolved unanimously, That in the so-
lemn ana deliberate opinion of ihis General As-
sembly, a successful attempt to re establish the
"protective policy," while it cannot fail to alienate
the feel r>gs ov ose portion of our happy Union
from another, and provoke fierce political animosi-
ties between the North and Ihe South, ultimately
and irresistibly tend? to a dissolution of the Federal
compact between tnose States, and that in view of
such consequences, we earnestly and affectionately
dissuade our Northern brethren from any such at-
tempt.
Sec. 5. Resolved unanimously, That the Go-
vernor of (his State be requested to forward a copy
of the foregoing preamble and resolutions to the
Governor of ths State of Connecticut, and the
Governors of each of the other States, and also
copies lo each of ourSenatois and Representatives,
the former of whom a^e instructed, and the latter
requested, to use all honorable and proper means
to sustain the pnnciph s (herein set forth.
J. L  F. COTTRELL,
President of the Senate.
R  A   BAKER,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
The resolutions were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be prinled
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the memorial
of the American Peace Socict} of
praying that a special joint committee of Congress
may be appointed to report on the various memo-
rials from peace societies presented at the last and
present sessions of Congress
Mr. C. said that whilst every man must concur
m the object of the peationcrs, every one must see
the difficulty attending it. The memorial asks for *
a special committee, «ind he was already so much
involved m ihe business of the session, that he was
afraid to ask for it. If any other Senator, how 
ever, fell a disposition to make the motion, he
would most cheerfully vote for it. The memorial
was laid on the tab'e.
Mr WRIGHT presented a similar memorial,
which was disposed of m the same manner.
Mr. W also presented a memorial from citizens
of Albany county, N. Y. pra>mg for the passage of
a bankrupt law, with certain designated provision ,
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. W. also pre'en'ed the memorial of mer-
chants and oiher cituens of New York, remonstrat-
ing agamst the passage of a bankrupt law at the
present session, which was ordeied to be printed.
