108
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, who intimated his
intention of speaking on the subject, the bill was
informally passed over; and
On motion by Mr. SEVIER,
The Senate went into Executive session.
f And then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, January 18, 1841.
Mr. CHINN, on leave, in pursuance of notice
heretofore given, introduced two bill?, viz:
A bill to revive an act entitled "An act lo autho-
rive the inhabitants of the State of Louisiana to en-
ter the back lands," and
A bill to unite the southeastern land district, and
that of the district west of Pearl river, and east
of the Island of New Orleans, and to form a new
district thereof, and for other purposes,
which were severally read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The special order of the day being the conside-
ration of the
TREASURY NOTE BILL, \
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the If ou*e re-
solved itself into a Cotamutee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Adams in the chair,) and
took up said bill; which was read, as follows-
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United Slates
is hereby authonzed to cause Treasuiy notes to be
issued for such sum or sums as the exigencies of
the Government may require, tut not exceeding
the sum of five millions of dolíais of this emis-ion
outstanding at any one tune—to be reimbursed in
the last quarter of the year, if the condition of the
Treasury will permit it—and to be issued under
the limitations and other provisions contained in
the act entitled "An act to author 7e the issuing of
Treasury notes," approved the twelfth day of Oc-
tober, 1837, and as m< dined by an act entitled
"An act additional to the act on the suhj ot ofTrca
sury notes," approved the 31st day of March, 1840,
sxcept that this, law shall expire m one year lrom
and after its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Vi'gmia, said-
I propose, Mr. Chairman, veiy briefly, to assign
to the committee the reasons which appear t> me
to render the passago of this bill necessary and
proper; and if it shall appear th?t the means asked
are really required to enable the G ivemmeni punc-
tually to meet its numerous pecuniary obligations,
and to maintain, unbrok-n, it  faith, it would ap-
pear to me, that no other reason need be assigned
to entitle it to the favorable con-ideration of the
committee And, however we may differ among
ourselves as to the mode m which relief should be
furnished, it is, I am sure, an object which is very
near the heart of every representative of the people,
to save the Government of his own tho ce from the
degradation into which it must necessarily sink,
should that relief, which is really necessary, be
Withheld.
A careful examination of the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury upon the state of the finances,
submitted to Congress at the commencement of its
present session, must, I think, satisfy every one, that
this measure is not rendered necessary, and con e-
quently is not intended to provide for any perma-
nent deficiency which is expected lo exist in the re-
venue of the Government at the clo=e of the year,
ftr if he be right in his estimates  of receipts for the
year, and the appropnations be kept within the ei-
timates submitted, the receipts for 1841 will be suf-
ficient to discharge as well all ordinary expenditures,
as those pans of the outstanding debt, funded i run-
funded, which may become due But it u m end-
ed sa to use the credit of the Government as to an-
ticipate, and that for a «hort time only, the revenue
of the Government, for i' must be obvious, that
thrown, as the receipts and expenditures aie, most
unequally, upon different periods of the year,
while the receipts for the whe le yeir may be amply
sufficient, they may not, and probably \>ill not, be
realized in time to meet the liabilities s> they are
expected to arise. It is not common lint the Go
vernment realizes its heaviest receipts until the
third quarter of the year, produced principally by
I  the fall importations of woolens, on which cash
duties are paid, which are immediately available.
The revenue for the first quarter of the year, ex-
clusive of the balance m the Treasury on the first
day of January, 1841, is estimated at $3,500,000
The liabilities of the Government during the same
period are estimated at $5 430,000, as will more
fully appear by reference to the following state-
ment of receipts and expenditures for the first quar-
ter of 1841.
A
Estimates for the first qua/ Itr oj 1841, ending Mai ch 3lst
I   Receipts
From áuties, considering the large drawbacks and refunding
under new judicial decisions, unless the law is speedily
amended, not over                                        $3,000,000
From sales of lands, unless the banks resume specie
payments immediately, not over                     -     450,000
From miscellaneous souices, and from indebted
banks, if furthertimeisgivento those m Natchez,
and the United States Bank pays us balance, as ex*
peeled, to aspecial object, and not forgeneial pur
poses, about                    -                         •        50,000
$3,500 000
2  Expenditures
Oidmary ones mrludme pensions, session of Ton
gress, and usual number of private acts               $4,500 000
District debt to Holland, principal fust instalment
and interest           .                                         80 000
Fishing bounties, either out of tho Treasury oi re
served from the accruing revenue                          300,000
Most of the expenses for taking the census             •      550,000
#5,430 000
So that if an available balance be kept in the
Treasury, and the receipts for the first quarter of
the year be realized, they will not be sufficient to
meet the expenditures by one million nine hundred
and thnty thousand dollars, and when you shall
have applied the whole of the estimated ba'ance in
the Treasury on the first dav of January, eighteen
hundred and forty-one, if it were all available, and
could be so applied, there would still be a defi-
ciency of three hundied and twenty nine thousand
one hundred and forty-five dopars. Bat it is nrt
all available, and cannot, theiefore, be so applied.
I say it is not all available, because one hundred
and eighty thousand dollar* due from the bank at
Natchez, and included in the estimated balance, has
not, as was expected, been pa<d; nd not more than
five or su hundred thousand dollars of ih.  balance
is in the eastern portion of the Union, vhere it
could be made available in time to men the heavy
demands which have been already adverted to, and
where three fourths of the expendi'ures aie re-
quired. The balance is in the land offices to the
West, in the mints, and other smallei depositaries,
some seventy or eighty in number, scattered over
the whole country. I might al-o aid that the con-
struction given to the tariff laws by the courts of
the United States, which almost daily cause heavy
amounts of duties to be refunded, and the draw-
backs on refined sugars, and other articles, have
contributed in no small degree to Wen the recipts
from duties on foreign importations. But as no le-
gislation could correct the mischief in time to afford
■•easonable relief, ihe committee have reported this
bill.
I have, Mr. Chairman, as I promised, vety
briefly presented to > ou a statement of the estima-
ted lubili'ies of the Treasury for the first quarter of
the year, with its means for meeting those liabilities,
from which I think it must manifestly appear that
temporary provision at any rate is requued at the
hands of Congress I havealso pointodthe committee
to some of thecau^es which produce lhat deficiency.
I am aware, sir, Ihit it may b¿ aigjed, that this
this deficiency is not temporary meiely, but per-
manent and Gonsrquent'y that provision should be
made not for a tempotary, but for a peimanent
defictercy m the Treasury If such an assump-
tion be well founded, the conclusion I admit would
follow But is the position, that the deficiency is
permanent, a sound ont1) And in deciding the
question, we should look lo the most authertic
sources of mfoiminon with n our ¡each Now, sir,
to  hom should;Con^ress8n^ the country look for
information upon this important subjec' Why,
it would ceem 'o me, to that officer whose station
opens to him evety avenue of information; and
whose duty charges him with ihe general super-
intendence and management oí the financial af-
fairs of the country—the Seeietary of the Treasu-
ry. Hence it is, that he is required to submit es-
timates both of the revenue and expenditures of
the Government. He has h.therto been looked to,
and properly I think, to furnish Congress informa-
tion upon all subjects relating to the finances.
This duty he has performed at the commencement
of the present session of Congress. I beg leave to
refer to his annual report. (Document Number
three, page seven)—he says:
"It may be stated, from the best data m possession of this
Department, that the receipts, under the existing laws, will pre
bably be as follows
From customs,                       -                   819,000,000
From lands,         -                 -                      3,500,000
Fiom miscellaneous,        ....       80,000
Add the expected balance in the Ireasnry availa-
ble on the 1st January next,                    -        -     1,580,855
The aggregate of ordinaiy means for the next
year would then be,                             -          #24,160,855
There will be nothing more, either of prmcipel
or interest, due from banks, which is likely tobe
made available, except about        -        -               220,000
A power will exist, under the act of 31st March,
1840, to issue Treasury notes till a year lrom its
passage expires, but not to make the whole emis
sion outstanding at any one time exceed five mil
lions ot dollars
This will furnish additional means, equal to the
computed amount which can be issued at the close
of the pi esent year, being about               -              342,618
Hence, there may be added from these several
sources so much as to make the whole means for tke
next year        -                                   -           24,723,473
On the other hand, the expendituies for 1841, for
ordinaiy puiposes, if Congress make no reduction
in the appropriations requested by the different De
partments, are estimated at            -                    19,250,000
This would leave a balance m the Treasury at
theclose oftheyearequalto          -                      5,473,473
Cut certain payments must also be made on ac
count of the funded and unfunded debt, unless Con
giess aulhonze contiacts to be formed for extending
the time of their payment Thus there will be re
quired
On account of the funded debt, chif fly for the cl
ties ofTtlus District                                              149,200
For the redemption of Treasury notes, if all the
others be issued, which can be under the present
law, as then the amount returned within A D 1841,
will probably not exceed                                 -    4,500,000
#4,649,200
E&ti mated balance in the Treasury at the close of
the next year, after all payments whatever               1824,273
I think, sir, that I must have succeeded in de-
monstrating, from data which is authentic, and the
best wuhin my reach:
1st. That the resources of Ihe Government for
the vear are not only sufficunt to meet its liabilities
for the year, including the redemption of $4 500,000
of Treasury notes now outstanding, and the pay-
ment of that portion of the public debt, funded and
unfunded, which will fall due, but lhat there will
be a balance m the Treasury at the end of ihe year,
of $824,273.
2d. That such are the inequalities between the
receipts and expenditure  as to render temporary
relief necessary in the first quarter of the year; and
it'S to guard ihe Treasury against these inequali-
ties and fluctuations between the receipts and ex-
penditures, that the present measure has been in-
troduced
That some measure ealcu'ated to obviate the dif-
ficulties arising from these causes was to have been
expected, appears to me almost too obvious to re-
quire comment. I will refer the commitlee to
pages 2, 10, and 11 of the Secretary's report; and I
do tris as an act of justice to a faithful public of-
ficer.    The Secretary says-
"Previous to the close of the ) eai, should f ongress pass any
new appropnations which may be immediately expended, an ad-
ditional charge to that extent will 'hus be imposed on IfeMO, and
if amounting to any consideiabie sum, it might prudently beac
(ompamed by some piovision of new means sufficient for its
payment "
Again he say?-
'it will be observed, however, that though, under either of
these ai rangements enough might be obtained, withmthe whole
ot 1841, f->i the objects con emplated, yet not a due or sufficient
proportion in the first quarter  because by that time all the mea-
sures are not likely to go into full operation, nor much of the an
ticif ated mciea^e to happen m the actual receipts of duties un
dei existing laws    UnusuaMy heavy expenses will also fall on
that quater m the next year     In addition to a full portion
of most of the current  expenses,  and  the whole  pension
paymcrti fcr the first half of the year, and one third of a mil
lion oi more for all ihe annual fishing bountie , there will be
imposed on it most ot the charges for the whole year connected
with the session of Confess and private bills, as well as large
payments for taking therensu , and for the first instalment of
