CONO
26th Cong.........2xr> Sess.
BY  BLAIR & RIVES.
Continued from Jfo. 7.
Several Senators coincided audibly in these re-
marks; but
Mr. MERRICK moved an adjournment, which
was carried, ayes 21, nays 19.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, January 19, 1841.
After the journal had been read, the following
SENATE BILLS
were severally a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, viz:
The bill supp'ementary to an act entitled "An
act to encourage the introduction, and promote the
cultivation, of tropical plants,'' approved 7;h July,
1838; and
The bill to confirm the survey and location of
claims for lands in the State of Mississippi, east of
the Pearl river, and south of the thirty-first degree
of north latitude.
Mr. FRANCIS MALLORY, on leave, offered
the following resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish this House with a comparative view of
the average cost of the army proper for each indi-
vidual, taking the aggregate of the officers, profes-
sors of the military academy, cadets, and enlisted
men in the service of the United States for the
years 1337, 1833, 1839, and 1840, for subsistence
to soldiers, clothing, quartermasters' and medical
stores, and other articles embraced under the gene-
ral character of supplies for the army not fixed by
law; adopting as tiie plan of his report a communi-
cation to the House of Rapresentatives from the
Secretary of War, of March 5, 1822.
Mr. REYNOLDS offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read for information:
Resolved, That from and after next Saturday,
the House of ¡Representatives will meet at 11
o'clock of each day to the end of the session.
Objection being made,
Mr. REYNOLDS said hs would try a vote upon
it, and for that purpose moved to suspend the
rule.
Mr. DAVIS of Pennsylvania called for the yeas
and nays; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
iuspend the rules; and it was decided in the nega-
tive.
Mr. WATTERSON asked leave to submit a
resolution having reference to the subject of pension
agencies.
But leave was not granted.
IMr. Weixer presented the petition of George
Watt and 149 other citizens of Preble county,
Ohio, praying an appropriation to the national
road; which, on motion, was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.]
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
The SPEAKER then announced the first busi-
ness in order to be the consideration of the bill au-
thorizing a further issue of Treasury notes; and the
House having resolvid itself into a Committee of
the Whole upon the bill,
The SPEAKER requested Mr. Adams to take
the chair; but                                             ,
Mr. ADAMS asked to be excused, as he had
some important busmeas to transact in the coarte
of the day.
Mr. DAWSON was thea requested to take the
chair; but he was likewise excused, in consequence
of a great press of private correspondence.
Mr. BANKS was then named, but als:> asked to
be excused, as he must necessarily be absent for a
portion of the day, for the purpose of attanding to
some business in which matsy of his constituents
were deeply interested.
Mr. CASEY then took the chair; and the com-
mittee resumed the farther consideration of the bill
before the House.
Mr. BARNARD, being entitled to the floor, re-
sumed his remarks in opposition to the bill.   In the
ESSIONAL
SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1841.
WEEKLY
course of his speech, he sontended that the present
Administration was bound to furnish all the means
necessary to meet the outstanding liabilities of the
Government. In his opinion, the sum asked for in
the present till would not be near sufficient. He
objected to the issue of Treasury notes as unconsti-
tutional, and was in favor of a direct loan. He
also contended that in case the present Administra
tion failed to make the ample provision which he
deemed necessary, then the whole responsibility of
calling an extra sesiion of Congress would devolve
upon it. Mr. B. concluded by moving to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill, observing that if
the motion should prevail, and be reported to the
House, he would then immediately move the adop-
tion of the resolution which he sent to the Chair on
yesterday.
Mr. EVANS then took the floor on the sameside,
at concluded at half past three o'clock.
Mr. BELL followed, but gave way to a motion
that the committee rise; which motion prevailed.
So the committee rose, and repoited progress;
and,
On>otion of Mr. LINCOLN, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this Hou^e, whether the patents
for lands, which have issued from the office of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, since the
passing of the act of the 25th April, 1812, entitled
"an act for the establishment of a General Land
Office, in the Department of the Treasury," have
in all cases, in satisfaction of military land war-
rants, or otherwise, been issued, in conformity with
the requisitions in the eighth section of said act, "in
the name of the United Slates," and been counter-
signed by the Commissioner of said office;" and if
these requirements have been omitted or departed
from—in what particular, at what time, and under
what authority the omission or variance has been
authorized: and that he transmit, with bis answer
thereto, an exemplied copy of the form of patents
which are now issued from said office, with the
manner of their authentication.
At the request of Mr. CLIFFORD, the report
from the Select Committee—to which was referred
the letter of John C. Rives, one of the Printers to
this House, dated the 31st ultimo, aud the memo-
rial of Hugh A. Garland, Clerk of ¡he House,
dated the 4th instant, boih communications tefer-
ring to a controversy between the parties as to the
powers of the Clerk to control the binding of Con-
gressional documents and the printing ot the spe-
cial orders ofihe House—was recommitted to that
committee, for the purpose of making a verbal
correction.
Several petitions were presented by Messrs.
ATHERTON and HOFFMAN.
Mr. STANLY submitted thi following as an
ameudment to the Treasury note bill, which was
ordered to be printed.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of RcpreselUa-
lives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That from and after the                   day of
on the importation of articles hereafter
mentioned, ¡here shall be levied, collected, and
paid the following duties, that is to say:
On all manufactures of silk, or of which silk
shall be a component part, coming from beyond
the Caps of Good Hope, twenty per cent, ad va-
lorem.
On all manufactures of silk, or of which silk
shall be a component part, coming from this
side of the Cape cf Gooi Hope, ten per cent, ad
valorem.
On all wines, except the wines of France, twenty
per cent, ad valorem.
On all wines of France, as soon as the treaty
with Franca will allow, a duty of twenty per cent.
ad valorem.
On all bleached and unbleached linen?, table
linen, linen napkins, and linen cambrics, twenty
per cent, ad valorem.
The foregoing duties bring in accordance with
\9
Volume 9.........No. 8.
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
the terms and the spirit of the act of March 2d,
1833.
And be it further enacted, That all laws inconsist-
ent with this act are hereby repealed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, January 20/1841.
The PRESIDENT submitted a message from
the President of the United States, in reply to a re-
solution of the Senate of the 20lh July last; which
was hid on the table.
The PRESIDENT also submitted a report from
the Secretary of War, with a statement of the con-
tracts entered into by that Department during the
year 1840; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of a
number of citizens of New York, remonstrating
against the passage of any bankrupt law during
the present session; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENTON presented two memorials nume-
rously signed by mechanics, merchants, and others
of New York, praying that if any bankrupt law'
shall be passed by Congress, that banks, and other
money corporations, may be included; which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorial of the
watchmen and assistant watchmen of the Execu-
tive Departments, praying extra compensation;
which was leferred to the Committee on the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to wh;ch was referred
the memorial of Solomon Andrews, asking that his
padlock may be substituted for those now in the
public use, reported that, as the Postmaster Gene-
ral had ample powers over this subject, they asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the subject, without expressing any opinion on the
merits of the invention; which was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whieh was referred
the memorial of Siokes and Pardon, made an ad-
verse report thereon, and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee on
the J udiciary, to which was referred the bill in re-
lation to the judicial courts of the district of New
Hampshire, reported the same without amendment,
and said he was instructed to ask that the bill should
be taken up at the present time.
On Mr. SMITH'S motion the bill was then taken
up, and considered as in committee of the whole,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the memorial on the
subject, reported a bill for the relief of John Mo
Niel; was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. CLAYTON, the bill for tha
relief of the heirs of Agnes Dun-das, was taken
up and considered ás in committee of the whole,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the bill to autho-
rize the Secretary of the Treasury to make an
arrangement or compromise with any of the
sureties on bonds given to the United Statss
by Samuel Swartwout, late collector of the cus-
toms for the port of New York, was taken up and
considered as in committee of the whele,and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the bill for the re-
lief of the heirs of Franeis Newman, was taken
up, and considered as in committee of the whole,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion by WALKER, the bill to relinquish
to the State of Mississippi the two per cent, fund
accruing by the act for ths admission of said
S aie into the Union, was taken up as in com-
mittee of the whole, and ordered to be engrossid
for a third reading.
