114
■ 1—Bj—..— «..!■■..           i..........i..— ——.....■■
BILLS PASSED.
The bill from the House, making temporary pro-
vision for lunatics in the District ot Columbia, was
taken up.
Messrs. WRIGHT, SMITH of Connecticut,
HENDERSON, and CALHOUN opposed its- pas-
sage on the ground of the want of power under the
Constitution to appropriate moneys from the Fede-
ral Treasury for local purposes. It was advocated
by Messrs. TAPPAN, MERRICK, KING,
LUMPKIN, and WALKER, who denied that
there was any constitutional question involved,
and averred that justice and humanity loudly called
for its passage. The question being taken on its
passage, it was decided in the affirmative—aye¿ 41,
noes 6, as follews:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen,Anderton, Bay ard.'Benton,
Buchanan, Clay of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton,' Crittenden, Dixon, Pulton, Graham, Hun-
tington, Ker, King, Knight, Linn, Lumpkin, Man-
gum, Merrick, Mouton, Nicholas, Nicholson, Nor-
vell, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Roane,
Robinson, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker, Wall,
White, Williams, and Young—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Calhoun, Henderson,, Hubbard,
Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, end Wright—C.
The bill to make certain appropriations for the
Patent Office;
The bill authorizing the Piejident of the United
S;ates to cause surveys oí the lakes and lake coasts
to be made;
The bill for the relief of Avery, SaUmarsh and
Company;
The bill regulating commercial intercourse be-
tween the port of Cayenne, m French Guiana, and
for the remission of certain duties'; and
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry to refund the duties collected on ttic French snip
Alexandre, were severally read a third time and
pa sed.
PERMANENT PROSPECTIVE PRE EMPTION LAW.
The bill to establish a permanent piospective
pre-emption system, in favor of settlers on the
public lauds, who shall inhibit and cultivate the
same, and raise a log cabin theieon, being the spe-
cial order of the day, was token up.
Mr. HUNTINGTON submitted several amend-
ments, which will be m-re particularly designated
when the deba'e to which they gave rise will be
published, some of which weso m sub3tar.ee as fol-
lows:
Strike out the word '''eighteen," and insert
"twenty-one," so as to confine ihe provisions oí the
bill to persons, heads of families, of twenty-one of
age and upwards.
Upon this question the ayes and noes were de-
manded, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Graham, Henderson,
Huntington, Ker, Knight, Minmnn, Merrick,
Nicholas, Phelps, Pierce, Pientiss, Preston, Roane,
Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, Sou hard, Webster,
White, and Williams—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Hubbard, King,
Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholson, Norvell, Por-
ter, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Stur-
geon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Wa'kvr, Wall, Wright,
and Young—24.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The result of the
vote is ayes 24, noes 24: my vote is No: so the
amendment is lost.
Mr.  HUNTINGTON then moved to amend
the bill so as to limit its operation to two years.
Mr. MERRICK moved an adjournment.
The ayes and  noes on adjournment being de-
manded, it was  determined in the negative—ayes
23, noes 24, as follow. :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Grab; m, Hubbard,
Huntington, Ksr, Knight, Lumrkin, Merrick,
Nicholas, Porter, Prcnt¡!-~, Prulon, Roane, Rug-
gle?, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge,
Webster, and White—23.
NAYS—Mesare. Aller, Andorfon, B.nion, Bu-
chanan, Clsy of Alabama, Fulton, Henderson,
King, Linn, Mangmn, Mouton, Nicholson,
Norvell, Pierce, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Con-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nec'icut,    Sturgeon,   Tappan,    Walker,   Wall,
William?, Wright, and Young—24.
Trie question then recurring; on Mr. Hunting-
ton's motion, it was decided in the negative—ayes
18 noes 28, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Graham, Hunting-
ton, Ker, Knight, Mangurn, Mertielr, Prentiss,
Preston, Roane, Ruggles, Smith ot Isdi^na, South-
ard, and Tallmadge—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Henderson,
Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicho-
las, Nicholson, Norvell, Pierce, Porter, Robinson,
Sevkr, Smith of Co&nectisut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Wall, White, Williams, Wright, and
Young—28.
Upon Mr. TALLMADGE'3 suggestion, and by
general consent, the word "white" was striken out
of the hill, as free persons of coloreare allowed lo
hold property in all the States of the Union.
The amendments of the committee of the whole
being concurred m by the Senate,
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he wished now to re-
new the proposition, which was voted down incom-
mittee—to recommit the bill with instructions to
report a bill to distribute ihe proceeds of the sales
of the public lands among the several State .
Mr. CLAY of Alabama and Mr. BENTON
suggested that ihe motion to recommit would be
perfectly in order after the bill was engrossed, and
hoped the Senator from Kentucky would take that
course, and permit them to have the vote upon en-
grossment this evening.
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved an adjournment,
and a division being called for, it was negatived—
ayes 21, noes 23.   *
The question was then taken on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading, and it was de-
cided in the affirmahve—ayes 30, noes 17, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Henderson,
Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Ni-
ichola*, Nicholson, Norvell, Pierce, Porter, Ro-
binson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of
Indiana, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker,
Wall, White, William?, Wright, and Young—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Graham, Huntingdon,
Ker, Knight, Mangum, Merrick, 1'htlrs, Prentiss,
Preston. Rosne, Rnga'cs, and Southard—17.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Webnesdav, January 20, 184 !.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition of the officers
and members of the American Peace Society, pray-
ing Congress to take measures for convening a
Conr/reis of Nations for the, purpose of setihnt; the
principles of international l.v.v, and of organizing
a Court of Nations to examine and decide upon all
disputes that may arise between two or more con-
tending nations, and thus settle international quar-
rels without resort to war; which petition was re-
fer! ed lo the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. E. also presented a petition of inhabitants
of the town of Bucksport, in the State of Maine,
praying for reform in the administration of the
Govern men f.
Mr. JONES of New York presented a petition
of a portion of the inhabitants of Oranite county,
New York, and oi Sus-ex county, New Jersey, for
a post route from Unionville, New York, akng
the "Clove road," to Deckerlown, New Jersey, and
from the latter place along the "Drowned Land
road," back to Unionville. Also, a petition of in-
habitants of Wantage, New Jersey, for a post
route from Unionville, New York, to Deckertown,
New Jertey, on the "Clove road" route; which pe-
tition was lcfcrred lo the Committee on the Post
Office and Po-t Roads.
Mr. PECK asked leave to introduce a icsolution,
which was read for in forciatic n, and is as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be directed
lo report to this Hcu>-e, the number of treaties and
amended treaties held mid concluded with, or pro-
posed to, the New York Indians, or any portion of
them, since the 14 day of January,  1834, and to
wh ch the United Sta'es were a party, and the place
where ¡such treaties and amended treaties were ne-
gotiated and concluded, respectively, and when,
and the name of the person or persons representing
the United States therein: And a'so, the names of
all other persons (if any) who now are, or at any
have bern a par<y to, or interested in said treaties
or amended treaties, or any of them; together with
a detailed account of all expenditures, whether in
money or otherwise, connected therewith; specify-
ing particularly the sevtral items of such expendi-
tures, and I>y whom, and to whom, and when the
same were made, and on what account, re-
spectively : And whether the Ogden Land
Company, or any member or agent of
said company, have defrayed, or at anytime^ did
agree to defray aay portion of such expenditure;
and if so, what portion, and when, and to whom.
And that the Secretary of War also communicate
to this House copies of all contraes or agreements
between the United States arid said land company,
or any member thereof, and in any manner con-
nected with, or relating to, said treaties, or amend-
ed tieaties, or any portion of any of them. And
that he also communicate to this House copies of
all correspondence between the said Secretary or
any other officer or agent of the United States and
the said land company, or any member, attorney,
or agent thereof, in relation to said treaties or
amended treaties, or any of them, or in relation to
the aforesaid expenditures, or any portion of them.
Objection being made to the introduction of the
resolution,
Mr. PECK moved a suspension of the rules;
but the motion was negatived.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Casey
in the chair, and resumed the consideration of the
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. BELL being entitled to ¡he floor, resumed his
remarks. He did not exactly agree with the views
expressed on yesterday by his friends from New
York and Maine [Messrs. Evans and Barnard ]
For while on the one hand he condemned a sprit of
mean parsimony in the Government, he would wi h
equal care avoid a system of extravagance. Tnere
was a proper medium between the two, which was
ajust system of economy. After adverting to the
efiorfs of the present Administration to restrict
withm certain bounds the expenditures, he con-
tended that this was like a deaib bed repentance,
and did not accord with its previous course.
Mr. B. said the true state of the question was not
fo much the present deficiency in the Treasury,
but what provision ought to be nade to meet the
deficiency which would arise in 1842. In that
year it was clearly foreseen that there would arise a
permanent deficiency m the revenue, and in his
opinion it was their duty to discuss that important
question now. If the friends of the Administration
should, however, neglect to provide for such an
emergency, upon them must rest the responsibility
of en extra session. He did not care so much
about the form in which the present deficiency
should be supplied. As the issue of Treasury
notes had been fixed upon by the friends of the Ad-
ministration, he had no objection to vote for it; but
if any of his ¡riends should move to amend by sub-
stituting a loan, he would rather support the mea-
sure. He was, however, perfectly willing to ac-
quiesce m any mode which should be supported by
the majority.
Mr. B. said, this was the first time for forty
years that a new Administration, about to come
into power, had to be rcstiictcd in their measures
for the ensuing three quarters of the year, by the
acts of the Admmislrit'on going out of power.
He then proceeded to contend that the expendi-
tures of Government ought never to be reduced by
the omission to carry into tfleet the appropriations
made by Congress. After appropriations had been
made, he urged that -there was a moral obligation
devolving upon the Administration to carry them
into effect. Mr. B. then stated his opinion, that
if all the appropriations authorized by Congress
should be applied during the present year, the de-
ficiency, instead of being but five millions, would
amount to ten or perhaps twelve millions. He
a>gaed that if the expenditures were to be cut
