CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
down, so as to bring them within the limit statej
by the Secretary of the Treasury, then the army,
navy, and other public interests, must necessarily
suffer
After some further remarks, Mr B contended
that for the latt two years the Administration had
proceeded upon the ' staving off" system, both as
regarded the appropriations and expenditures,
whereas, previous to 1838, ths "go ahead" system
was punued.
Mr B. then proceeded to examine and cn'icise
in detail the report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and to argue that a large portion of the balances
referred to were due to the former unexpended ap-
propriations.
At this stage an incidental discussion aro e be-
tween Mr. B. and Messrs EVANS and WISE,
as to the true meaning of the Secre'ary in his re-
marks re'ating to the unexpended appropriations,
&c. It appeared that each gentleman had taken
different views of the subject. Having, however,
come to an understanding,
Mr. B proceeded, and endeavored to show that
the ac'ual demands against the Government in the
year would far exceed that estimated by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. He then reviewed the means
proposed by the Secretary for meeting the demands,
and argued that a good pirt of them consisted in
the mere speculations of that officer, and he believ-
ed not more than one half would be good for cash.
He contended that even the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means himself did not
rely upon the means referred to by the Secretary,
for the introduction of the present bill proved that,
notwithstanding the alleged means, good care was
taken to get nve millions of Treasury notes for
the present quarter
Mr B then proceeded, at «cms lergth, to consi
der the merits ot the vanous measures suggested
by the Secretary for meeting the deficiency which
would arise m 1842 While on this head, he com-
plained that the Whigs were the subjects of incon-
sistent charges from their opponents For while
at one time they weie charged with being the tools
of Britain, and acting under British influence, in
the next breath thsy were accused of raising a
high tariff as a commercial retaliatory measuie
upon the same country.
Mr. B also adverted to various other topics, and
having concluded at a few mmutes past thres,
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON took the floor, but
gave way to a mo'ion t*>at the committee rise,
which motion prevailed
So the committee rose and reported progress
Petitions, on leave, were presented  by Messrs
DELLET, WARREN, RAIUDEN, BELL, WiL
LIAMS of Connecticut, TRUMBULL, DOE, and
REYNOLDS
[Mr, Reynolds presented the memorial of the
General Assembly of the Sta'e of Illinois, praying
lor a remission of the duty on railroad iron pur-
chased for the State of Illinois ]
Several other gentlemen asked leav e to present
petitions, but
Mi. ADAMS woull obj ot, untes petitions were
called tor by States.
On motion of Mr. LINCOLN,
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE,
Thursday, January 21, 1841.
Mr PIERCE presented the petition of Elizabeth
Colburn, which was reierrcd to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr PORTER presente 1 th« memorial of citi-
zens of Washtenaw coun y, Michigan, piaymg the
passage of a general bankrupt law, vhich was or-
dered to be laid upon the table
On motion by Mr STURGEON, the petition and
papers of Hannah M. Baldwin, now on file, were
leterred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.        '
Mr. MANGUM presented the memorial of Lot
Stncklm, which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. TALLM ADGE presented the memorial of
Thomas Owen, praying that the duties on certain
goods destroyed by fire may be refunded, which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Captain J.
Throckmorton; which  was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims
Mr SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of the heirs and legal representatives of Samuel
Mackey, reported the same without amendment
On motion by Mr S the bill was then cons'dered
as in committee of the whole, and after being ex-
plained and advocated by him, it was orlered to
be engrossed for a third reading
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
District of Co'umbia, reported a b 11 to extend the
charter of the Bank of Alexandria.
On motion oí Mr. M. the bill was then taken up
and considered as in committee of the who e, and
oideied to be engrossed tor a third reading.
Mr WILLIAMS.from tne Committee on Naval
Affair', to which was referred the petition of Enoch
Hidden, reported a bill for his rolief, whioh was
read and ordered to a second read'ng.
Mr W. from the same committee, to whah was
referred the petition of Robert P. Wainnght, mads
an adverse report thereon, and asked to be dis-
chaied from its further consideration; wh'ch was
agreed to
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which wa-> referred the petition of Robeit
Arheart, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, which was agreed to
Mr KING, from the Commiitee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bi'l from the House to
authorize the enrolment and registering of the
schooner Amistad, reported the same without
amendment
Mr K. from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill to abolish the port oí delivery, and
the office of surveyor of the customs at Cumtuck
Inlet, North Carolina, lepoited the same without
amendment
On motion by Mr K the bi 1 was then consi-
dered ,is in com ni t >e ot the «hole, and ordered to
be engrossed tor a third reading
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Howland Dyer, made an adverse report thereon,
and asked to be discharged from its further consi-
deration, which was agreed to
BILLS PASSED.
The bill to relinquish to the State of Mississippi
the two per cent fund according to the act for the
admission of saidS ate into the Union,
The bill for the r< luí of the heiri, ol Agnes Dun-
das
The bul foi the lclief of4 the heirs ol Francis
Newman,
The b 11 to authorize the Sicretary ol the Trea-
sury to make an arrangement or compromise with
any of the sureties on bonds given to tha United
States by Samuel Swartwout, late collector of the
customs for the port of New Yoik;
were s verally read a third time and passed.
PERMANENT PROSPECTIVE PREEtollON IAW,
The bill to establish a permanent prospective
pre-emption system, m favor of settlers, on the pub
he lands, who ihall inhabit and cu'tivate the same,
and raise a log-cabin thereon, was taken up, and
having been read throjgh, the question being on its
passage—
Mr. CRITTENDEN then submitted the propo-
sition which was negatived when é¡e bill was as
in comrm tec of ÜV whole—to recommit the bill,
with instructions to report a bilUwr the distribution
of the proceeds of the 'ales of the public lauds
among the States.
Mr. G. said he wished to have a full vote of ihe
Senate on this proposition, and, as there were some
Senator;, now absent who would be here in a few
dajs, he would move that the further consideration
of the subject be postponed until Monday
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he was very reluc-
tant to refuse any proposition m the nature ot an ap-
peal to postpone, if he thought that any change in
the result wou'd be produced by it Bat if the ab-
sent Senators from Virginia and Massachusetts
were both here, in his opinion no change would be
produced by their votes. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts might indeed vote for the proposition of
the Senator from Kentucky, but the Senator elected
from Virginia has again and again voted against
the proposition heretofore, and he believed on con-
stitu'ional grounds. The friends of the pre emp-
tion bill were anxious for its passage, as a measure
of good to the new States, and beneficial to the
whole Republic; and m his opinion, a farthfcrposS-
ponement of the bill would endanger its passage,
irom a want of time to consider it in the ether
House For himsell, thsretore, he was opposed to,
ard would vote agamat, any further postponement
of the bill.
After some further remarks from Mr. CRIT-
TENDEN,
Mr BENTON said the friends of the pre-emp-
tion bill had ever been desirous to keep it separate
from  the other propositions, that they might all
have a separate con='derstion on their respective
menu; bu* gentlemen opposite were endeavoring
to load it down with matter that was foreign te it,
and that would have ths effect of overshadowing
it    Toe bill had already been delayed in its passage
aoout one entire monih by those propositions to
cede the public lands on the one side, and to divide
our land revenue on the other, and a new debate
h?d sprung up and then another, to ovewbadow the
pre-emption  bill  entirely.    Now   he  held it to
be unparliamentary to bring on important proposi-
tions of this kind, to override a measure that was
under discussion, and he held that each of these
pn posi'ions should be made to rest on its own
merits.   All fair legislation would require this; and
he  denounced   such   a  practice   as had   here
been  resorted  to,  as unparliamentary,  and   be
held it to be much more so to push aside the pre-
sent   bill, or   to delay   it by such propositions,
for   the  purpose  of getting up a new measure,
or to delay it foi the puipose oí getting new mem-
bers to vote upon it.   Suppose he were to ask gen-
tlemen to wait on any particular measure until Si-
nator>, who might be deiamed by sickness, either of
thunselvts ur in their lamilics,   should arrive,
vould be be deemed  by them to be in order, or
would such a course be considered parliamentary?
The whole would at once be declared to be unpar-
liamentary.   But what was  the history of these
measures relating to the public land'   The first bill
ever brought into the Senate on the subject was
fourteen j ears ago.   That bill contained the three
principles (which weie stated as well m the title as
in the body of ihe bill) of graduation of the.pnce,
Ihe right of pre-emption,  and the cession of the
remainder, after a certain period, to the Sta'es in
which n lay    He (Mr Bfnton) brought in the bill
himself, and ths three principles—graduation, pre-
emption, and cession, were all there, tut what was
the result Why en a con ultation among ihe friends
oí the bill, it was deemed more wise to sepárale
the qeus ion of cession from those of graduation
and pre empiion, and to allow that question to be
brought in as a separate measure, and not to over-
shadow a small proposition with one of greater
magnitude, and therefore they cast it off.   But
they afterwards found that they could get along
with pre-emption much better when it was not con-
nected with graduation, and they therefore made
another separation    And what had been the result?
Why, since they had made these divisions oí the
original   measure,   which   he   (Mr.   Benton)
brought in in the year  1826, they   bad passed
three    or  four   pre-emption  laws,   not   one  of
which would have passed if the propositions had
all been kept together.   The whole three questions
which were brought in to close and wind up the
whole land system between the Federal Govern
meat and the States, it was deemed at that early
period essential to separate, and on  that principle
the friends of this bdl were acting new, and already
there were two propositions before the Senate—the
one for  pre-emption and the other  for gradua-
tion,    and   gentlemen    attempted    to   force   on
the former, which  was   then  under   considera-
tion, a proposition of a  totally different charac-
ter.    By the vote of last night, they   saw  there
were two to one in its favor, and jet they were not
sausfied with having delayed it a month on its. pas-
sage, but they sought to lay  it over still further,
and for what1   For the purpose of waiting until
other Senators could come, «hose votes in oppo
sition would not change ihe result.    On what then
was their proposition for delay based1   Could not
