116                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the gentlemen go on with their distribution bill as a
separate measure? Was it not absurd to sap-
pose that the Kentucky bill to divide the land
revenue could not get along unless they detained
the pre-emption bill? When the friends of the
bill saw such absurdities, it became them to speak
out like men.
They had heard much said the*e agiinst pre-
emption and graduation—the~e two measures had
been presented to the Senate and to the country as
the most odious and intolerable of all scheme*, epi-
thets had been applied to them, and arguments
brought to oppose them, as the most odious enor-
mities; he asked then to be permitted to show that
these "enormities" had not been thought unfit for the
legislative action of that Senate on previous occa-
sions, and that they had not always been deemed
so opprobrious. He then read to the Senate
a proposition which had been made four
years since by Mr. Clay of Kentucky,
■which contained the principles of graduation and
pre-emption—graduation as low as fifty cents per
acre,and pre-emption to 150 .ictex—and r as that bill
the "total destruction of our beautiful land system?"
Was that bill odious and abominable1* And was
the country called upon to revolt against that
bill? Where was the difference between that bill
and the bill then before them? And yet the proposition
which was now denounced as leading to the "total
destruction of our beautiful land system," as go ng
to debauch the population oí the Stales,  av once
deemed wholesome legislation. Let ih- gentlemen
opposite bring their proposiuon forward as an inde-
pendent one, and not attempt by it to overlay one
of less importance. He bad vottd for the s -
cond proposition to amend, by striking out the
instructions of the gentleman from Kentucky,
and inserting the bill reponed by the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Norvell,] but he had done so
for the purpose oí using that measuie as a
hammer to knock the oth r one in the head,
and with no idea of overlaying the pre-emption
bill with either of them He was willing to defeat
the distribution with the cess-ion bill, and then he
should have been ready to lay aside that also, but
he was not willing; to have the pre-emption
bill laid aside. He hoped they should have
the ayes and noes on the question of postpone-
ment. He was desirous to bring this matter
to a close, but he was sati«fied that, to use a re-
mark of the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay]
last mght, no pre-emption bill could be passed
but by candlelight, and he theieioie notified the
messengers to have th  lamps in pteparation.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone, and c'ecided in the negative—ayes 18,
noes 28, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Clay ol Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Graham, Huntington,
Iter, Knight, Mangum, Merrick, Phelps, Preston,
Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge,
and White—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Clay of Alabama, Pulton, Henderson,
Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicho-
las., Nicbols-on, Norvell, Pierce, Porter, Roa-e,
Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Wall, Williams Wright, ¿nd
Young—28.
The question then recurring on the motion to re-
commit, Mr. CRITTENDEN addres ed the Senate
at much ltngth, reviewing m detail thi. measure5;
of the present Administration
Mr. WRIGHT followed tn reply, and was suc-
ceeded in the debate by Mr. WEBSTER, who was
followed by Mr BENTON, and at 5 o'clock
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, January 21, 1841
On motion ol Mr CARR, the rules were im-
pended for one hour, for the purpose oi calling for
petitions by State'.
Petitions were then presented by
Mr. BURKE, of New Hampshire
[Mr. Burke presented the memoaal of Alden
Partridge, President of the University at Norwich,
Vermont, m relation to the Military Academy at
West Point, and praying that young men educated   I
at other military institutions, be admitted on equal
terms with the young men educated at West Point
Also, the memorial of Alden Partridge, praying
Congress to take measures wuh a view to the es a-
blishment of a general system of education for the
youth of the Republic ]
Messrs BRIGGS, PARMENTER, LINCOLN,
WILLIAMS, CALHOUN, and ADAMS, of Mas-
sachusett*.
Mr ADAMS presented and moved the refer-
ence of a petition, asking the pbclnion of slavery
in this District, and in the Tern ones, also, that no
new Territory, tolerating slavery, may be admit-
ted into the Union.
Mr. CONNOR moved to lay that portion of the
petition which came under the standing rale on the
table.
Mr. ADAMS asked how that was to be done, for
the petition must then necessarily be cutm two.
Mr WARREN observed that, if the p tttionen
thought proper to a'lach objectionable matter, not
receivable by the House, to their pet u >n, they
ought not to complain if the vthule wai rejected.
He was therefor  m favor of the rejection of the
whole.
That portion of the petition coming under the
rule, having been laid on the table sub silenho,
Mr. BLACK moved to reconsider ihe vote, for
the purpose, m case it should be reconsidered, of
moving the rejeeuon cf the wholi, as he contended
tha' no part ot it ought to have been received
On that mction, Mr ADAMS demanded th°
yeas and nay , which wcie ordered.
Mr. WISE íese to a point of order. He d-sired
to know whether any porticn of that petition c uld
be received under the lule. The latter portion, re-
lating to the admisnnn of new Territories into the
Union which toleratt d slavery, was, m his opinion,
as much within the fpirit of the rule as the former
poitmnof the petition, and he, (Mr AV ) had his
attention been calkd to it at the lime, would have
combated the dicuion of the Speaker, by which
the latter portion was received. His point of order
was, that as the whole of the petition came under
the rule, a motion to lay on the table a part of it
could not be entertained
After some debate of a conversational character,
the rule relating to the rejection of abolition papers
was read, as follows:
"No petition, memorial, resolution, or othei pa-
per, praying the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia, or any State ot Territory, or the slave
trade between the State* or Territories ot the Unned
States in wh ch it now exists, shall be received by
th;s Hou e, or en'ertatned m any way whatever "
Mr. WISE at;am utg^d hts point of order, and
contended that the whole cf the petition evidently
came within the spirit of the rule. He conceived
that the object of the ru'e was to d spose of all pa-
pers tainted wuh thiv abominable heresy.
The question then being taken on the motion of
Mr Black to reconsider the vote by which a por-
tion of the petition had been laid on the table, ltwaj
decided by jeas and nays, as follo-vs:
YEAS—Messrs Alford, Andrews.Banks, Beatty
Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd.Aaron V. Brown'
Burke, Sampson H. Butler, John Campbell, Car-
roll, Chapman, Chinn, Clifford, Cole-, Connor
Wilham R Cooper, Crt, b, Cr?ig, Crockett, Crrs '
John Davis, John W Davis, Garrett Davis, Da t-
son, Deberry, Dennis, Delia, Earl, Eistman,
Fisher, Galbraith, Garlan!, Gtntiy, Groggm, Gra-
him, Graves, Griffin, Hammond, Hawking Hill of
Virginia, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Holmes,
Hopkins, Hubbard, Jameson, Jo^epi Johnson,
Ca/e Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Jthn W. Jones'
Keim, Ktlle, King, Lane, Leadbetter, L-et, Leo-
nard, Lucas, McCarty, McClellai, McClure,
McKay, Marohand, Miller, Montgomery, Moore
Samuel W. Morn , Parish, Pope, P.entiss, R-y-
no ds, Rhett, Rives, Jds. Roger', Camuel-, Shaw,
Albsrt Smith, Tionias Smth. St?n y, Steenrod,
Stuart, Swearmgen, Swency, Tahafeiro, Philip p!
Thomas, Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
John B Thompson, Tnplett, Turney, Vroom,
Warren, Walter on, Weller, John White, Jared
W Williams, Lewis Will.ams, Joseph L. Wil-
liams, Christopher H. Williams, Wise, and Wor-
thmgton—103.
NAYS—Messrs.   Adam<?,   Baker,  Boardman,
Bnggs, Brockway, Calhoun, Ca<<ey, Chittenden,
Cranston, Edward Da vies, Doe,  Edwards, Evans,
Fillmore, Gates, Giddtngs, Granger, Hall, Henry,
Hunt, James,  Charles Johnston, Kempshall, Lin-
coln, Meiedith Mallory, Marvin, Calvary Morns,
Morrow, Osborne, ,Palen, Parmenter, Peck, Ran-
dall, Randen, Reed, Rtdgway, Russell, Saltonstall,
Sergeant,    Si.nonton,    Truman    Smith,   Stark-
weather, Ttl'in^ha't, Toland, Trumbull, Peter J.
Wagner, Thorrns W. Williams, Henry Williams,
and Wm'hrop—51.
So the vo'e was reconsidered.
Mr. BLACK here rose and was about to sub-
mit hts motion for rejecting the whole of tha me-
morial, when
Mr. ADAMS wished to make an observation.
Mr. WISE, I claim the floor.
Mr. BLACK. As the vote wai reconsidered on
my mo ion    I am entitled to the floor.
Mr.   ADAMS   No,  sir,   I   claim   the floor.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
gestleBun from Virginia had Ihe floor.
Mr. ADAMS. B at I have fie floor on a point of
order which I desire to make.
The SPEAKER then decided that as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts tose to a point of order,
he of course was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ADAMS was understood to say that as the
vote to lay on the table had been reconsidered,
his motion of reference of the whole subject would
necessarily come up again for consideration.
Mr. WISE again ro e to ciaim the floor.
Mr. ADAMS persisted m his claim to it, and
was proceed in?, when
Mr. WISE, in a very loud tone, said he cared
not what the g°mleman from Massachusetts claim-
ed, for he (Mr W ) claimed the floor, and wished
to inquire of the Chus what it was that had been
laid on the table, the vote on which has jastbeen
reconsidered.
The SPEAKER informed him that it was that
portion of the petition coming withm the rules, and
the question then pending was on the motion pre-
viously made to lay it on the table.
Af er some further deba'e of a conversational
eharae'er, and which, owing to the confusion which
prevailed, could not be distinctly heard—
Mr. CONNOR explained, that when the petition
was presented by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, he (Mr. C.) was just taking his seat, and
iroved to lay on the table that portion which came
witbm the mle; but he was afterwards convinced
that the whole of the petition came wthm the rule,
and he therefore now withdrew his motion to ¡ay a
part only on the table.
Mr. BLACK having succeeded m getting the
floor, asked whether it would not now be in order
for him to move the rejection of the whole of the
petition.
Mr. WISE. No, for it is alteady rejected under
the rule.
Mr. BLACK said it was a nrstake, for the mo-
tiou of the gentleman from Massachusetts to refer
was still pending, and a motion had been made by
some one to lay a portion of the petition on the
tab'e, he cared not by whom, but—
Mr WISE.   But the motion cannot be made,
for it is already laid on the table, under the rule.
Mr. BLACK wished to explain, when
Mr WISE persisted in urging his point of order,
that the petition had already bt en laid on the table,
under he standing rul<> of the House.
Mr. BLACK said he wished to move the rejec-
tion of the who'e of the petition, on the ground that
a certain portion of it had been decided by the
Sneaker as not coming withm the rule If it should
be permitted that petitions should be received a
part of which came within the rule and a part' of
which dil not come withm the rule, that would be
nothing less than a fraud upon the House. He was,
therefore, for rejecting the whole.
Mr. WISE could not see how a motion to reject
the whole could be in order, for one portion of the
petition had already been rejected by the decision of
the Chair. But he (Mr. W.) contended that no
part of it ought to have been received. After some
further remarks, Mr W. said if the gentleman from
Georgia would alter his motion so as to embrace
