CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
only that part of the petition which the Speaker had
decided could be received, he would go with him
Mr ADAMS here rose, and in the course of
some remarks, the whole of which the uproar did
not permit the Reporter to hear, denonnced the
standing rule of the House prohibiting the reception
of Abolition papers, as an infamous and nnconstt
tational rule
Mr CRAIG rose *o a point of o der. He con-
tended that the question as it then stood was rot
debatable
Mr. ADAMS.   No- only on one side
Mr. CRAIG said the question, as it now stood,
was precisely the «ame as if no vote had been
taken on the original motion of Mr. Adams
Many members here attempted to speak at once,
and much confusion prevailed
After order had been restored,
The SPEAKER was understood to «ay that the
debate was not m order except on that portion of
the petition which he conceived did not come with-
in the rule.
After some brief remarks from Messrs. "WISE
and BLACK—
Mr. ADAMS again took the floor and said he
had presented the whole of the petition, and so
long as he had a voice in the Hou^e, he would con-
tinue to present them. Mr A. was proceeding to
make some remarks in relation to the observations
of Mr Wise that "he would have combated the
decision of the Si eaker, had his attention been
called to the peti'ion when presented," when
Mr. WISE called the gentle-nan from Massa-
chusetts to order for a disorderly exprejsion Mr
W. then stated what he understood the member to
charge, viz that he, Mr W had said he would
have dtctaled to the Speaker Such was not the
faet, as every gentleman 'on the floor knew that he
had said no such thing
Mr ADAMS explained tl at he had not made
such a charge What he said «as in relation to
what the member from Virginia did, and not what
the member <¡md he would have done
Mr. WISE denied that he ever «aid ne would
have dictated to the Speaker, or that such was his
intention Mr W. made some further observations
which could not be distinCt'y heard
Mr ADAMS explained that the gentleman fiom
Virginia had mistook his meaning What he (Mr
A ) had reference to was the manner in which that
gentleman usually addressed the Speaker.
Mr. WISE said he regretted nothing so much a
personal qnarrel with the venerable gentkrnan
from Massachusetts, but he must be peimitted to
ssy that there was no man in the House more capa-
ble of exhibiting dictatorial feelings than that gentle-
man, and he was now setting an example for the
younger members
Tne SPEAKER, m reply to a que>tien from
Mr. BLACK, decided that a motion to reject
could apply only to so much of the petition a-> had
been decided did not come under the rule
Prom this decision Mr BLACK took an ip-
peal, and contended that the petition could not
be separated, for it wa^ one and the same thing
Mr B then commenced reading the petition with
a view of proving his proposition
Mr ADAMS desired to inquire of th  gentle
mata whether it was in order to read that which
the Home had determined it would not rece ve
Mr BLACK «aid he was re>dmg the peat on
with a view of showing that the Speaker ^ad
committed an unintentional error m net reject ng
the whole.
The SPEAKER observed that the reading of
that portion of the petition wh ch c-<rr>e vitbin the
rule, could not be read but by general consent
Mr. ADAMS said ihat unlebS the whole  ubject
should be thrown open to debate he would ooj rt
The SPEAKER th->n remarked that, as objec-
tion had beeamade, the gentleman from Georgia
would not be in order m reading the petition
After some debate on thus point between Messrs
BLACK, WISE, and CRAIG, the noise was so
great that several members rose to order.
Mr. WINTHROP called for order all o er
         Mr. BLACK again contended that one portion
of the petition could not be rejected without the
other; and jf one part was received, so mast the
oth r be Besides, if this practice was to be adopt-
ed, then thousands of petitions might be introduced
into the House like so many fire brand*, in defiance
of any reso ution ihat might be adopted.
The hour having now expired, the House pro-
ceeded to the ciders of the day.
And the bdl authorizing the >ssue of
TREASURY NOTES,
being the special order, the House resolved itself
into a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, Mi  Casey m the Chair, and resumed the
consideration thereof
Mr. W\DDY THOMPSON being entitled to
the floor, proceeded at some length to criticise ihe
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, and to give
his views in relation to the contempt <ted means of
m--*ln s any deficiency m the revenue
Mr RHETT followed, and was about to show
that there was no reed either of a loan, or the im-
position of a tariff on wines, silks, etc as contended
by some, but that the present bul would afford am-
ple meins for relieving the Treasury, when
A motion that the committee rise, was made, and
prevailed
Sj the commit'ee rose, reported progress, and
asked leave to sit again
The Hi use then adjourned.
IN SENATE
Friday, January 22, 1841
The PRESIDENT" laid before the Senate the
fol'owmg reports
A report of the Secretary of War, made agree-
ably to law, accompanied by statements of the ex-
penditures for that Department during the year
1840, and the balance  rema mng in the Treasury
at tht close of the year
A report of the Secretary nf War, exhibiting
ihenurrb r of e'erks in that Department during
th" year 1840, ard the sum paid each
A report of the Secretary of War, made in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, showing
the. number and kind of United States troops sta-
t ored < n ihe Western frontier, from Fort Saelling
to Port Jesup
A report of the Secretary of the Navy, made
pgreeably to law, exhibiting a statement of the
contracts made by the Commissioners of the Navy
during the year 1840
The reports were severally laid on the table, and
ordered *o be printed
Mr HUBBARD submitted the following resolu-
tion
Resolved, That the Commit'ee on Pensions be in-
structed to írquire into the expediency of granting
to George Johnson a pension, for a disability in-
curred by him during the last war, while in the mi-
lita'-y sen ice of the United States, and in the line of
hi  duty                                                     ,
The resolution was agreed to, and the papers
connected with the case were referred to ths Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr HENDERSON presented a memorial of ci-
tizens of Claiborne county, M ss ssippi, praying
th  passage of a general b&nkrupt law, which was
laid on the tab'p
Mr MERRICK submitted the following resolu-
tion which was considered and agreed to-
Rewind, That the Committee on the Judiciary
b  mstiucted to inquire ¡n'o the expediency of
abolishing imprisonment for debt wuhm the Dis-
ti set of Columbia
Mr HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of Capt J.
T'roc.kmorton, reported a bill fer his relief, which
was read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr H also, from the same comm ttee, to which
was refeired the petitioi of Pe'er H Greene, re-
ported a bill for his relier, which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading
Mr KING, fr-im the Committee on Commerce,
to which ura> committed the petition of Caleb Eddy,
reported a bill for his relief, which was lead, and
ordered to a second reading.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal re-
presentatives of Samuel Mackey,
Tne bill to extend the charter of the Bank of
Alexandria, and
The bill to abolish the port of delivery and the
office of surveyor of the customs., at Currituck In*
let, North Carolina,
were severally read a third time, and passed.
Oi motion by Mr HUBBARD, the bill for the
rehef of Daniel G Skinner of Alabama was taken
up, and considered as in committee of the whole,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third readme.
ORDERS OP THE DAY.
The following bi'ls were taken up and considered
a s in committee of the whole, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading-
The bi I to provide for taking evidence in the
Dibtnct of Columbia and in the Territories of the
United States, m certain case .
The bill for the relief of the executor of Thomas
C oper, decea>ed.
The bill f jr the relief of the legal representatives
of Aaron Vai1, deceased, late consul at L'Onent.
The bill to confirm claims to landsm the district
between ihe Rio Hondo and Sabme rivers.
The bill for the relief of Charles Morgan, of
Louisiana
The bill for the relief of Charles Morgan.
The bill to confirm certain land claims in the
Ouachita land district, m the State of Louisiana,
being taken up, was, on motion by Mr. MOUTON,
amended by adding to it
The bill confirming certain land claims in Loui-
siana; pad
The bill to confirm certain land claims m the
Gieensburg land dis r ct, S ate of Louisiana; and
was then ordered to be engrossed for a third read
wg.
The bill for the relief of Juan Belgar was taken
up, and after a debate in which Messrs. MOUTON
LINN, and KING, advocated the bill, and Mr
CL \Y, of Kentut ky, opposed acting on it at pre-
sent ihe bill was laid on the table.
ITUMAIsLNT PROfePECTlVL, PREEMPTION LAW
The bill io establish a permanent prospective pre
empuon system, in favor of settlers on the public
lands, uho shall inhabit and cultivate the same, ant
raise a 1< g cabin thereon, was taken up, and hav
ing been read through, the question being on thf
motion of Mr Crittenden to recommit the bill
wah instructions to report a bill for the distributer
of the proceeds of the sales of the public land
amorg ihe States,
Mr. BUCHANAN addressed the-Senate a
leeg'h, answering fully and satisfactorily thf
charges of extravagance agsmst the present Admi
nutrition made yeiterday by Mr Crittehden.
Mr CRITTENDEN replied at length; and af
tei som  further remarks from Messrs BUCHA
NAN and CRITTENDEN,
Mr CALHOUN obtained the floor, and afte
some remarks oil the subject of Executive aui
party responsibility for extravagance in expendí
ture, he announced bis intention of discussing th
subject before them—the distribution bill in con
nection with the protective system—but many Ss
nators requesting him to yield to a motion for ad
journm nt, he assen ed,
And tae Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE&
Friday, January 22, 1841.
Mr BLACK inquired whether the first busines
in order was not the appeal which he took iron
the decision of ihe Chaib on yesterday, (who de
cided"that so much of the petition as prays tha
no new State may be admitted into the Union, th
Constitution of which may tolerate slavery, di
not come wuhm the prohibition of the rule, am
that, therefore, that part of the petition has beei
received ")
The SPEAKER replying in the negative,
Mr BLACK moved to suspend the rules, i
cdtr that the unfinished business of the mormn
he ur of yesterday might be disposed of,
Mr J W. JONES hoped that the motion woul
not pr vail, and that tbe House v, ould proceed i
ibe consideration of the special order, viz Ih
Treasury note bill
Mr BLACK then submitted his motion in wn
ing, that the morning hour be appropriated to th
disposition of the appeal which he took on yeste
day from the decision ol the Chair relative to th
reception of certain petitions then presgnted.
Mr. ADAMS said that he understood this to 6
