CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
torjt duties, and if, when he came to vote on the
imposition of any duties he imagined they would
operate as such, hs would vote against them.
Mr. N. remarked that there was a particular kind
of cotton impoited for this country bv the Frcrch,
and from which they manufactured their rich lates
and muslins so extensively used here. So that in
case of a tariff on silk, we sboulJ, in those articles,
consume an equal portion of our ow n cotton manu-
factured by the French themselves.
Mr N. went on to say that there were
but three source;, of revenue, Fir 1, the public
lands; second, from direct taxation; and third, by
imposts on importations As for the public lands,
it appeared very li t'e reliance was to be placed on
that souice, for all classes n politiciiKS were ma-
king propositions for jieldmg the pioeeeds to the
States. The_e land were nothing but a bone of
contention—a political football, bandied about
first by one party and than the other.
As for direct taxation, the recoided wisdom of
ages had proved that no plan was more odious or
more unequal in its operation. The public mind
disowned it, and the sympathies of the Union were
against it
Then the raising of revenue from imports wai
by far the more reasonable, and be hoped that the
coming Administration would announce no*,
through their accredited organs, that if morey
should be wanted, they would ra.se it through the
provisions of the compromise act.
After a very glowing appeal m beh&lf of the
poorer classes of this coun'ry, and the justice of tax
mg the rich in all cases whe e taxes were required at
all, Mr. N. recapituhled the three points of his
speech, viz- first, that he would vo'e for no reve-
nue but what the wants of the Government re-
quired. Second, that the fact of the Government
wanting money being conceded, they had better
raise it under the piovisions of the compromise set
of 1833; and third, when they ¡ail any impes  ,
let them b« so light as not mateiitilly to affect ihe
importations, and not to exceed the wants of the
Government.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mis^s.ppi next obtained
the floor, but, without rroeeed'ng, he gave wpy to
a motion that the committee use, wh.ch pre-
vailed.
So the committee rcse, reported progres', and
asked leave to sit again.
Mr. EVERETT offe.ed the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Ihe Treasury be
directed to lay before the House a s a'ement of the
different articles impor'ed which aie now sulj ct
to duty at a less rate than twenty per cent, adva-
It  em, the "alue of such articles,, and the rate per
cent, and amount of caid duties, based on the im-
ports of 1838.
Before any question was taken cr ths resolution,
Mr. GRIFFIN moved that tha Ilou-e adjourn.
Mr. CARR called for ih° yeas and naj s.
But they were not ordered
And the Ilou^e then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Saturday, January 23, 1841.
Mr. WRIGHT piesented the memorial of the
Board of Underwi'lers of the city of New York, re-
monstrating against the repeal of the pilot law of
1837; which, as a bill his been reported, was laid
on the table, and ordered to be p-inted.
Mr. W. also presenter! a memorial of rit 7^n% of
Wayne county, New Yo-k, piayin? for the pas-
sage of a general bankrupt law, which was laid on
the table
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of citizens
of New York, remonstrating against the passage of
a general bankrupt law; which was ordered to be
printed, and laid on the table.
Mr. W. alio presented two memorials of citizens
of New York, praying tha  if Congress deem it ex-
ped eat to pass any general bankrupt law, banks
and trading incorporations may be included therein;
which w ere laid on the tab'e, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KNIGHT, from the Committee on the Con-
tingent Expenses, to which was referred the me-
morial of the watchman of the Executive Depart-
ments, asked  to be di-charged from the furiher
con iderat < n thereor; vhsch was ag.eed to.
Mr. NICHOLAS, from the Committee on Mili-
'ary Affairs, reported a joint resolution authorizing
sets of the standard weights and measures lo be
famished to the War Departir eM, which was read,
and on motion of Mr N. it «&~, read a second time,
considered a-, in committee of the who'e, and or-
edred to he encos^ed for a third reading
Mr KtNG, f^om the Commi Up on Convnerea,
reported a bill for the relief oí RohertR<jberls;whicb
was read, pnd oi^ered to a second r adr;*
Mr. CI, A. Y oe Alab?ma presented the m'morial
of isipc Welhorn, winch was íeíared to the Cim-
mitteo on Indian Affairs
Mr. WEBSTER pre entcd two memoi als fiom
cii/ensri Olio, and fromcn/etis of MrM.1 pp1,
puying the pas-age of a grner.il bankrupt law;
which wete laid on the 'abK
Mr. DiXON presen'ed a memorial of poisons
engaged in ravigation by steam vessels, pravng
for a modification of the law of Juiy 7, 1836,
which was ordered to be printed, and laid upon the
table.
Mr WHITE presented resolutions of .he Le-
gislature of Indiana m favoi of restricting the eh-
gibihty of the Executive to a single term; wh ch
were read, ordered to be printed, and ¡aid upon the
tab e.
On motion by Mr. ROANE, the papers in the
care of Mrs. Vance were permitted to be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate
MINERAL LANDS or THE DMTED STATES
Mr. WALKER said he had rec°ived fiom the
War Department the report of D . King, the
agent of the TJaited S* K s for tV Lead Mines
Tins \ as a re, ort orgi,M resc>>-ch ard unce mmon
abiVv. It rel ted to frf <~ an-ur ot dispo«n<*
of onr r°'nf 11! laeds, and to the de/cl^pne t o> ti e
le'o' rcrs ct the mre-al e_ion. T. is subject had
heutof re bean re'ered by 'he Senile lo the Corn-
il ítiee on Public L-nds and he had reported a b.ll
fo' the «a!e of these lands, whish hsd received the
sane'ion of the Sena'e The subject -was one of
the greatest interest TI e mineral region of Mi -
soun and of the Norfhwes*,v as alre?dy ascertained
to exceed lh° entirp area of the great State of Penn-
sylvania; and by the more rseent explorations of
those most talented geologists, Dr. Owen ard Col
Nicolet, m addition to th re of Dr. King, fl is
en'ire mineral region wa? beh"v d to exceed trie su-
periors of the two largest S'?tvs of the Union.
I'vas the most fcr'ile m s'il, as well ss the
r chest and most extens ve m>nera! region in the
world. Amo^g other vahiab'e minerals in this
great region, weie iron, lead, copper and ?inc
In lead, trie quantity produced hai aug
men'ed from 335 OfO pounds in 1823, to
33,000,0n0 of p mndsjn 1839, worth, at New York,
§1 C00,(,00 We bad thus nsen in less than a
quaiter oí a century, tiom no mng to die third on
(he list of the nations which produced lead; and at
the fiie ratio of nvmenuticn, we should, m
twen'y years, stand at the hea 1 of the li=t, when
it was hoped we might, as ve no .v do, not only
supply oa own market, but that lead wou'd be-
come a'arge artic'e of export. As to copper, ihe
lmpoitan'-e was s'i'l rreater Our imports of cop
per in 1839 smounted t> within a small fraction of
jj2,0Q0 000 When we considered copper, not on-
ly a> a co n foi small changf, but its many valua-
ble uses in manuf-cture , the importance of the
subject would be pe-ceived To specify no others,
the amount of copper u-ed in boilers on s'eam
car , and for s'ofmboats on '^e 'p'<03i rivers and
cc°an, was very g'CJt, and lrcreasmg every day;
and Iranspor'auon by s'eam upon the land,
and navica'ion by steam on the water, to a
grept extent, depended on ihe use of thisva'uab'e
mineral. As connected with steam vessels for the
na/y, the subject was one of the h ghest national
importance, corn e'ed intimately with the honor
and deferce of ih  country The copper region of
the United Siates was believed to be richer and
more extcns ve than in any other part of the world.
The taming and smelting of this mineral in our
country had but recently commenced, but under
such circumstances as to promise the most auspi-
cious results.   The development of our mineral re-
sources in thi< whole great region, depended chiefly
upon improvement—first in mining, secondly m
«melting, and thirdly in the manner of disposing of
tne rnmeral lands, and it was to this last subject
that he desired to ea 1 the attention of the Senate,
and upon which very much depended, and which
he hoped would be finally adjusted at the next ses-
sion, afer full and mature deliberation. Mr.
Wai icer. «a d h^ wou'd omy a' present move the
printing of ihs valuable report, and of five hun-
dred additional copies for the usa ol the Senate.
Mr. LINN exposed the p easurc fee felt at the
introduction ot the document. It was certainly a
matter t Í vst itnporlarce to the country generally
to have th" mincial lands disposed of, and the
^ouner it \sal effected the b'tter. So long as these
¡aniK remained the property of the Government,
little voa'd be realized from them He consi-
dered it the west policy i,i the world for the Go-
vernment to hold on for the mere purpose of ob-
taining a trifling rent. If they were put up for
sale, individual enterpuse and capital would go to
woik i i devolcpmg the mighiy resources of the
West. The people of the Eastern and Middle sec-
tions of 'his country did not appear to have any
adequate idea cf tne great m?gmtude of the mineral
wealth cf ihs West. Wny («aid Mr. L.) the
mineial region of copper, lead, zinc, manganese,
etc. extends from Lake Superior until it falls off
into the lower almudes of a portion of the States
of Illmo.s, Missouu, and the Tern ory of Wiskon-
san and Iowa, where the vast coal fields and salt
formations commence from the banks of the Ohio
to the foot of ihe spurs of ihe Rocky Mountain'!,
where yon again ascend fro-n this great basin into
the 073rk clninof hi Is. It again commences on
the bo djis of tbe Miss ssippi and Missouri, taking
a s uthv extern direction, etoa-Ming vou to trace the
chain t'-roivii the country of the Keos-ays, and a
portion ot the. u-untry ooLupied by tne wardering
Cjri'.tcve , vSre t unites with the mountains bor
deungon the Rio del Norte. Throughout this vast
extent are scatters d mineral« ealth, inexhaustible in
quantity, whole moun'ains of iron ore, etc. At this
time, England is the preatest lead country in the
world, producing annually 100,000,000 pounds,
wh le the rest of Europe did not produce more than
50,000,000. In seventeen years the United States had
raisfdfromC,000,000to 30,000,000. What, with
such boundless resources, might not be anticipated
in seventeen more' Ho left for those to answer
v. ho cou d form a pioper estimate of this region of
ccuntiy.
Mr WALKER sail he would, at the aext ses-
s on, "iost cheerfully co-operate with his friend,
t le Senator from Missour , [Mr Linn] hi devising
a SjS en  for the sate of the mineral lands, and he
most heartily concurred with that Senator in the
opinion that these lands «hould be sol 1, and not
leaded and that in the sale the deve'opment of the
m nTdl legion was v?s ly more important than the
re?emiefrom the sale ; fur as to leasing, the nett
revenue was little or nothing. The lands must be
in the hands, not of lessees, but of proprietors, m
order to augment the amount of mineral. In the
hands of leasees, we should have little morejjthan
ihoie scrapings of the surface of the soil called
diggings, which had so extensively prevailed m this
region, th  power of steam and of the accompany-
ing and improved machinery, never having been
employed here, as Mr W. believed, but in a iicgle
in«tam*e.
The motion to print was tben agreed to.
Mi- NORVELL submitted tne following resolu-
tion for con«iderat on
Reiolised, That the Secretary of the Navy com-
municate to th' Senate a statement of the cost of
building, in materials and labor respectively, of the
ships of the line Columbus, Ohio, Delaware, and
North Carolina, the frigates Umted States, Consti-
tution, Potomac, and Brandywine; the sloops of
war John Adams Boston, Lex.ngton, Ymcennes,
Warren, Natchez, Falnwuth, Fairfield, Vandalia,
St Louis, and Concerd; the brigs Porpoise, Dol-
phin, Pionser, and Consort, the schooners Gram-
pus, Shark, Enterprise, and Boxer; and the steam-
ship Faltón; and the periods at which those vessels
were respectively built. Also, the number of times
each of those vessels) have been repairedj where so.
