v*r
take up his resolution, which, on yesterday, was
read for information as follows-
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to lay before the House a statement of the
different artic'es imported which are now subject
to duty at a less rate then twenty per cent sd dj-
hrem, the value of such ameles, and the rate p-er
cent and amount of said duties, based on the im-
port of 1838.
Objection being made,
Mr EVERETT called for the yeas and nays
Mr. WISE moved that the House adjourn, and
thereupon called for the yeas and navs, «Inch were
ordered, and were—yeas 41, nays 47.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recmred on the motion of M'.
Everett,
But, finding itself without a quorum,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
¡Monday, January 25, 1841.
Mr. PRESTON submitied the following report
and resolutions of the Legislature of South Caro-
lina upon Federal relations, which w ere read
In the House of Reprb.,51atative.s,
Decembei 18, 1840
The Committee on Federal Relations, to whom
was referred s.o much of the message of his Ex
cellency the Governor, No 1, as relates to the elec-
tion of Pre ident of the United States, in the con-
struction of the Consti uiion, and the future airange-
ments as to the tariff of duties* on import , have
had the same under consid ralion, and the subject
may be divided and considered under tie lollowmg
heads:
1st. The propriety of Souih Carolina uniting in
the election of President and Vice President, espe-
cially when, by so doing, she will give expression
to her true principles.
2d. The causes which have led to the overthrow
of the administration of Mr VanBuren, whose po-
licy and avowed principles of action are m accord-
ance with the doctnnes maintained by this State.
This head will properly embrace an inquiry into
the pecuniary embarrassments which have induced
the psople to lend a willing ear to those misrepre-
sentations which have contributed to the success of
the Opposition. The policy and constitutionality of
a bank, chartered by the United States* The causes
of that combination of the different elements, which
united to produce a change of administration
This discordant character of those elements. The
security which the avowed policy of the Adminis-
tration afforded to the peculiar interests and institu-
tions of the South; and tht strange delusion which
has distracied so many of the Southern States,
and led them to um'e and make common cause
with parties, whose avowed principles are at war
with the best w'erests of the South- And, lastly,
the confident expectation, that a development of
the inconsistent interests and views of this coali-
tion, will in the end vindicate the wisdom and po-
licy ef the Democratic Administration
3d. The growing corruption of our Federal
elections.
4th The resolutions from. Connecticut, relating
to a tariff of protection.
upon the first matter, your committee concur
with his Excellency, that every Siate in the Union
is bound to unite in the Federal elections, without
regard to the fact, whether the successful cand date
agrees with us or not, for candidates can aUays
be found, whjse principles and character wi'l v ell
merit such an expression of approval, í nd the con-
duct of the S ate at the pre.ent session, has illus-
trated the propriety of such a course.
Second. The complicated difficulties which em-
barrass our monetary affair , arise from the per-
version of banks to parposes wholly incompatible
with a sound circulation, and an utter disre-
gard to the elementary principles of banking No
idea is more fallacious than the belief that an
abundant circulating medium increases the real
value of property. The kindly fruits of the eanh,
and human labor, bestowed m" adopting materials
in their original state to the use of man, are the
only sources of wealth, and trade, or commerce,
consists simply tn exchange of them.   Barter is
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
| rendered more convenient by fixing on some one
article of exchange as an universal properly, ex-
changeable for every other, and this is called mo-
ney. Go'd and silver have, by general consent,
become that universal property, so that he who
has it, may exchange it for whatever other proper-
ty he wants. Thus, if a man bas an ox to spare,
and wants ahorse, he sells hisoxfor gold or silver,
and then he exchanges that for a horse. This is
trade and the use of money. It is clear tlun, that
money must be itself valuable It cos s labor 'o
procure it. It is useful for furniture ar>d the arts.
So that money orl/ facilitates barter, by being ex-
changeable for all article". No more money then
is needed, than is sufficent foi that purpose, and to
thus fac lítate all the exchanges of a community.
Wherever a country h->s more money than its ex
changes require, it wi.l find its way abroad, 'o be
exchanged foi other propeity. A bank im? is
not money it has no value. Money can be us<-d
—you can convert a dollar into a silver spoon
—but you can make nothing out of a five dollar
bill. Like every other promissory note, its va-
lue depends upon the fact, ihat the bank «huh
made it ha-, the ability to redeem its promise, by
exchanging it fir coin when required It follows,
then, an increase of bank papsr is not an increase
of money, and when more is used than the bank
has means to redeem, the bills become depiec ated.
It is not true, than an abundance of paper money
raises the value of properly. It is a mere decep-
tion It only makes paper mosey cheap. The
actual exchanges of a country require a given
amount of money; and when banks i«sue their pa-
per only on real transadle ns, founded on an actual
exchange of property, there v-ill be no redundance
of circulation, and property \\ ill re a n its natural
value, but when the banks 'end the r no cs on mere
accommodat on paper, tl.ey are not repre enud by
act'ial value, and th> s "-well the cumulation, ard
give a fictitious value to proper y This caused all
the deraagement of our circulating medium.
Banks loaned money, oi rather their promises to
pay money, when ro real exchange h?J taken
place, and consequently their notes being more
abundant than the actual business of the country
required, depreciated exactly m the ratio of the sur-
p us Men supposed they were richer because
they received more for the.r property in these
notes.   Suppose banit notes to be ten per cent  be-
i low gold and silver, and two men each have a
thousand bushels of wheat to ce 1, oie sells bis for
a dollar a bushel, and gets bank nous m payment,
the other sells his for ninety cents and gets spec e.
It is clear, the Gist has made no bstter barga n than
the last, for he «ho got nine hundred dollar  m
specie, can exchange it for a thousand dollars tn
bank paper, and he who got a thousand
dollars in paper, can exchange it for no more
than nine hundred m specie. When banks ex-
change or loan their own notes for notes of per-
sons who gave them merely to laise money, and
not for ac'ual property transferred, they rerder
the circulation i dund3nt All loins to Gov. rn
ment and corporations foi «p"oul¡>ti/e opera ion ,
all loans foi the purchase of fixed proper y, as dic-
tins-msbed from mercantile property promp >y ex 
changeab'e, unless confined to uich small port ons
ss may be redeemed by the income ox prcduc,
tend to mcrerse the liabil'ties of a banííb-yond its
available nuans, and consequently leaj directly to
the suspension of specie payments even supposing
the banks to be perfectly 1 onest, and their 'cans
perfectly secure. The Pennsylvania Bank of the
United States suspended rn üth OctoLer, 1S39, and
mo^t of ihe banks South aul Wcs* did the same.
The statement of the siitta'i n of the banks on 1st
J?miary, 1840, w,ll prove that this general suspen-
sion can be traced to a total disregard ot the princi-
ples of safe banking, and ihe ino t unjus ifialle Use
I made of the bank cap tal On that day the whole
bank capital ef the Union was $338,442 092, of
which but $33,155 was m com, yet their immedi-
ate liabilities were, for their circulation, $106 9G8,-
572, deposites $75,696,857, rnalrng an aggregate
of $182 6G5,429. It is not astonishing, then, that
they suspended specie payments when they owed
$149,560,274 mote than their specie, yet the pub-
lic owed the banks at that time $462,896 523,   If
nt
the public had paid their debt, the banks would
have had ample means to have redeemed their cir-
culation and deposites. But no small part of this
enormous debt due to the banks was for loans to
Governments and to corporations, who were trying
experiments, an 3 individuals who borrowed money
to buy property on speculation, at prices swelFecl
out of all proportion by these very loans, which
augmented the circulation beyond the exchanges,
and thus gave a fictitious value, not by making
property dear, but money cheap. The e fici tious
va'ues have given way, but the note-, of the bor-
rowers from the banks must be paid in specie or
i s equivalent. Hence th"t pecuniary embarrass.
m*ffli, which, by being fokely ascribed o the mea-
sures of the General Government, enabled the old
adversaries of Demicracy, under ihe new di'guise
of Whigs, to df luda the debtor por ion of the com-
munity into the belief that a change of Administra-
tion would restore that redundant paper circulation
l which swelled the nominal price of property, and
I enable ihein to extricate themselves from their em-
barrassmenN They are promised a United States
I Bank, ameasure, Mih ch, if it was possible to crry
it into effect, would not fail to bring every S'ate in-
stitution and all their debtors 'o immediate bank-
ruptcy. But a ihort time is necessary to expose this
imposition, and bring down upon its authors the
bitter denunciations of its victims There are but
two modes of creating a United States Bank The
I first is a new subscription, which would, if taken,
I from ihe specie capital of the present banks, about
I   §33,000 000, effectually destroy their abili'y to con-
I    tmue specie pay ments.   The next is, by a species
t   of legislative ga'vanis"i,  t>  re uscita'e   the old
|   Bank, give   it   a   Federal  ch-mer,   and  consti-
tute   it to  the  depoMtoiy oí t>e pub'ic revenue,
|,  undnr   «Oiie   guarantee  to   be   fu m bed  ly its
foreign 't^cUhoVer , for the si ety  ot tie public
"loreys    Tht  "Pce,«auly su, pi ts (be reMi nption
of specie payments by that Bank, and her con-
I  trol over all State banks    This measuie will gne
l' the control of all he revenue of the Union 'o tbe
foreign holders of tha1 s'eck, and (has perpetua e
the Fedeial dynasty who have so successfully
employed the means placed m their hands It
would enable the wealthy capitalists to bring the
property of the debtors, of the State banks to the
hammer, at depieculed prices, and thus swell the
fortunes of the rich at 'he expense of the public.
Sich an institution is so uUuly at vanarce wi'h
the whole nat'ie and p-uvisions of the Constitution,
that it is lo be hoped the iepres^i¡>¿ttves of the peo-
ple v. ill resist it It is olear th-t die new i'ynasly
must Hand ei fall on the bvik q estion If there
is created a Uiit d Statei Bark, the Independent
Treaiuty will be at andoned, anl the peop'e must
at the next election decide rn Ihe justice ot i sfate.
II   If no such bank is created, the only a'temanve is
!    to depo ite the revenue in the State banks.a measure
repu bated by a maj inty of both the f.r at Federal
and  Drniocrmc parties, or to entrañe the very
measuie of Rti  Van Buren's a<lanrmtraticn,m op-
p sitiop to v.Inch w>a rallied the celebra'ed coali-
t  t on t ailed  t1 e Whig party, a proceeding which.
| wou'd a* once piace in bold relief the flagrant  m-
just ce done to tha  ota.tes-nnn.   While your com-
I mtee duly appreciate th  value o   bansis, when
prrperly conduced,  they con i"er any connect on
beiween them ai^d Government except in toe ordi-
nary couise of ds hng as customers, ot ihe most
sinister  coi seqaenc*"-,   ¿u \ irron i 'ent  with  the
i  puntv and in lep°rdence of bo h    The true objects
1 of tanks sbOiiU b" kviO v«, as on iheir conduct de-
i  pends the future vici'are ot our who ecoucrj, and
11  arght ucdeist" ldirg oí the s'ibj-ct will prevent un-
f uile-"   peju'ee  en   the  ore  side,   vhich. may
refu e  to  the  rubic th- benefits which, properly
i q i ated,   they can  belo>,   and,  on  ihe   other
ha d,   ward off ¡h se   evils   which   the r   abu^e
has already spread over our whole crun'ry     The
real  uses  of banks are, I t  To affird s-fe places
!  of deponte foi money, 21   Exprd, iou>  ar-d sa'e
11  meant of payments,  by checks in  ueu of eount-
i|  ing, 3d. By requiring a smaller amount of co.n to
conduct «changes,  by disposing wita a part of
tt-eir specie, and substituting their bills, when, by
judicious management,  the credit of the bank is
preserved unquestioned, The money thus released.
