m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is actually employed as capital, and by temporary
loans, gives lencwrd and reitera.'ed activity to
trade. Toe very fac , th?t they issue bil's exceed-
ing their money ea^'a'; requires that their loans
should be short, that they may be always ready to
redeem their crcu'aticn as fast, as m the round of
business, it is brought in A loan office only lends
its actual cap,tal, and as long as the interest is punc-
tually paid, leqaiie^ no change of investment. 4
They enable commercial men to extend their deal
ingi beyond their actual capit?l Thus if a mer-
chant has ten thousand dollars capital to invest in
an enterprise, he can safely borrow thirty thousand
dollars and the bank can securely loan it if his
known chsracer for prudence, warrant, that by
insurance and cthrr precaution^, he will not W,
if unsuccessful, more than a fourth of the amount
embarked m the e-t rpnse In a «ord, money is
only a macnme to circulate property, and paper
costing little or nothing, n a cheaper maomne, but
it always snppo es it, redemption in com unque -
tionable. These are the legitimate uses of bank'.
They are not designed to loin money to Govern-
ment, and when emp'oyrd for that purpose, it ¡> a
fraud upon the people, and opera'es as a forced
loan, if it is made in bills of the bank. Money
loaned to Goí trnment, represents no property. It
is expended in gunpowder, and leave , when once
used, nothing beb'nd, . ny more than ihe powder
itself, after it is exploded. But it swells the circu-
lation, and th s deprecíales Us value, end when
carried to a great extent, ! ads to the measure
adopted m England, a legalized «¡nspen ion of specie
payments, anda cempuKoiy tembrrf bit,k pro-
mises, instead of real, actual money. The prevail-
ing notion, even among menhan's, that barks
are neces^myto f«cihtaio e-T-hnigrs between the
States, e-,r< cially tuit a ITni'ul States Bank io so
necessary, i- a íalUoy, wliuh is capable of demon-
stration lo those who «ill ft rgi t their prejudices
and submit themselves to ihe «-uidance < f teason.
First, then—banks nevet have been used, and are
not intended to deal in exchange between nation
and nation. The quantity of t xcharge depends on
the amount of property ti ir sinitted, generally speak-
ing, and b lis oí gírate with the merchint. If a
merchant in Charles on trarsmits a thou and bales
of cotton to Liverpool he has funds to diaw upon,
and the importer who owes for a cargi of Enghdi
goods, seeks that bill to remit in p?yment It is a
porper duty of a bank to discount the bdis corning
to ma urity, where its own capital is located. Thus,
the Bank of EngHnd drcounts bd's payable in
London, but a b'll payable m Cb.ailes.ton, wou'd
not be disceunud ,it ihe Bmk of England, nerher
should a bill payable in London, be discounted in
Chailiston. it ten s'oswtll tl'3 cuircnt if e\
change b^yord t' c aftual ti<>r'apno-s of trade,
and introduces thr! species of bd s turned Ki es, ly
which two pa 'irs st eaol end (f t! e line, by draw -
ing and redrawing, u*-e crehmge as a "pcoie1? of
accomm dation paper to rj se money, not to faci't-
tate exchange of ac'ual producís or merchandise
All legitimate exchange is calculated upon the basis
of specie, ihe only meney of commence. Tlieie is
no real diilerT.cc betv een the several SiMes of tins
Union, and the several eountrie- of the world, who
deal together. The valu° of the bilk of the Rat It
ofEnglanlir France, does n t cfleeI exchange'
It is not neces-cirv to th tm'e leUicn Friree and
England, the bills of eit'n r l<msdom shou! 1 be cur-
rent in the c ¡her Trey are nut so in f.'ct, and ex-
changes srenot mpc'eil. Thetiu'h is, bank paper,
not convertí1)'  at w 11 nlo spec e, s no currency at
all, but is wore tha" a delu, rn. If ev ry State
permitted no Irak taper not redeemab'e, if sus-
pension was death, as it ought to be every wleie, a
United State- Bank isa'trge her useless. But e>en
a United St-te Bank v onlu not make its bil's re-
deeiaab'i, e\ie?f at the branche-. wV re th y were
issued. ThefoT"erb nl, to avoid thr, even in
relation to fwe dollar b IK, d'e-v five dol'i-r drafts
on its branch's, wh'eh, o' cour e, be-arne pi) ah e
only where accep ed Tie cunmand cf ihe ex-
change of the country, gave ihít bank the of por-
tumtyef making bills oí tx, h.inge the «Ui-uniie
for lecal discount, thus overbuidening the ex
changes, enhancing the price , ard thus avoiding
the restriction on the rate ol discounts, and cawing
,ne balances of exeharge to depend, not on the
balance of trade, but the balance of kiting.
When the revolution of 1837 took place, millions
of the fictitious exchanga was brought to 1 ght It
is not wanted to loan its promises to Government,
for when Goveioment h undei the nece sity of
borrowing, which ought never to he, except under
temporary emergencias, its own security, by beng
taken as an investment, would not derange the
currency, and is the legi'imate serunty fer public
loans.   The privilege   of having the note  of a
I United Sta es Bank, whrnevei redeemable, ree'va-
b'e for duties, would at once enable it to ctipple
the State Baiik thev, in turn, mtsi insist on the
pa\mentof the four hnnil>od miMmns due d-em by
tne people, and in le«-s than two \ears, the bil'ei
fruits of,Whig expenmenls would be lasted So
far from making money plenty, it v ould reduce the
r ireulation^ of the S'?te bank-, and reduce property
to lis value under the hammer. The urfounded
allegation that Gen Harrison'} election would
mso the value of pi-ope ty, is already in part ex-
I posed. He is elected, and yet money remains the
same, property th  sime. The more cunninc part
of his advocate, aie hoarding their me,\n< to buy at
asaerifice, the estates of the dupes who united with
them in clamoring for change. The mi'd an 1 gia-
dual effect of the separation of the GovemiTHnt
from banking the gradual return to Ihe collection
of the revenue m money, and the Independent
Treisury, were eilieaeious remedies f< r a dedun-
da ,t Circu'ation. The hope lhat any change of Ad-
ministration could w one whose obligation, pay-
able by ibe laws ,uid Constitution, in specie, is out-
standing, for pr peity brought at p e s 'vo'l-n by
speeu'ai on- and a denrecia'-d ci-cu'otion, írom ti e
consequent los-., was too fall?ciouo for pi honest
Democat c Adm>nislr?tion to boll out, and tb 
prop is 1 to e'ipple a'l ihe S ate binks by placing a
regulatoi, wi'h chiiteied pnviicgi-s, to eotrpel them
to call in four hundred millions of deMs, is the
most cruel mockery, and the cirsesoí a rmr.eí
counlty, deep and loin , too, will fall upon its ar-
thor>. The Indep^n lent Treasuiy, prid a well al-
vised general bankrupt law, applicable to all def-
ers, was the tru  means oi iclief Now, the
vieallhy cipitaks s aloii", have any piospectof pro-
fiting by thit. rciieratcd exper men* of a Federal
rul', winch has always ended in disappointment to
! the people. Not only is a Umted S ates Bink un-
necessary, but the idea of its m >ney beirg in fret
any better than the nien y of snecie ¡nyng bsnks
of the S'af's, whrre its bianch s are situated, h
chimerical, except fortheunja^t monopoly (f being
receivable in payment of duties, although not re-
deemable in s, ocie \>here so p id, a monopoly, the
Iruit^ ol vvhi'h ^<i reaped by loreign stirkhc Mei
Such an institution is tv dently unconstitut onal,
and iheexis'erce a" such i bank is only a p-oof
how pressing emergencies fmm en ex'u e for a do
parture from pr nciple, and hoar uidily g^od men
slide into ihe foul heresy in mjials, that "the end
just ties the means "
The constituí onal obj'cuon to a bank, eliar'ered
by the Udted Slates, has n ver been fairly met,
and as Iriman reason x*. just a-? clear now as ever it
wi«, the time has an ived v h"n the } copie will q;«n
lesort to first principles, and test ih- point by sound
and com ected argument Let us trace the h stor#
of thr institution from its first embryo In 1790,
during the Revolutionary ' "r, tic Pank of North
America uascha'teTdby tHecontirp-talCongrc «.
The ndac°ment was, lh->t the bank was to firnish
the army 3 000,000 r,m c-, ond 310 hhds rum
rn1 receive in p>ym"rt b 1 s of exchange on our
Mims'erm Eu pe The subscription or eamtal
was to be in gold and siUer. Even th=n so jealous
were ti e sta esm n of that d?y, that they required
"every evemn-' excep* Sundays, a stattnvrt of the
cash account, apd of nof" i^ukJ and received, to
be delivered to the superintendent o,' the finances of
Am«r.ci" Tre evtgen"es of the country were
the excuse, and th  States were req tested to cs>ny
i into eff ct its provision  by Stale la- s Tnus, a
United S at - Pink wis known prior to the Consti-
tution, a-d w?s t! e subject of >he d bate in the co --
vention. This b nk toe K a charter fr m Pennsyl-
vania afterward.. The question generally of giving
to Congress power to grant acts of meojporation,
and also to ire iporAte a bank, Mr Madison says
was fully con-iidered, and the power refused; and
now the question crises, has Congress that powei?
As to the crray of great names in favor cf the posi-
t on, it is enough to say, the pre-ent generation are
endowed with the same intellectual powers as their
predecessors, and with the same facts before them,
cm arrive at as wise a conclusion; and the pressure
of Sta'e n*ccs iTy being removed, they have a
better prospect of arriving at the conclus ons of
unb sssed reison The Tlni'ed Stites and its Cnn-
gre- , posses^ no inherent power or original exist-
ence, - :i bo ly pohtic, but is supposed sol"ly of
such so/cieisn powers as the Siates have by th >
Constitution granted It íe-nlf that the omission
to gnnt is j prohibition to the exercis  cf any of
the powers ippTtimii" to a Government. The
p"ople of the sevei d Sutes, as independent and
sovereign power-, po«-°ssed all the attribute^ of in-
tions, ai d so much and no more of these attributes
a' are in terms sirrpnuered to it, by the instrument
which cieaied the Unted States Government, ap-
pertains to it.
It is admitted that the United States is a Go-
vernment capable of sustaining its exis'enc , and
not a mere league, but the limits of its aulhouty
are delmea'ed in the Constitution, without which it
has no existence, and beyonel which it can exereise
no legitimate au'liorry. Let ns then look into this
instrument fo the authority to create a body cor-
porate, and grant to it the monopoly ot having its
promises to pay in coin received in every quarter of
ihe Umen for the duties and dues of the United
States, and the use of it* revenues to be loaned
rut on th" promissciy rotes of individuals, and to
íeceive the inteicsi, for the ecjuivalent of paying the
deposite? where required Power was refused
when «Ysked in direct terms, an 1 let us apply the
celebrated ru'e, 'So ?«k the lrw-g'ver what he
rreait," ard it i-ele?r lhat be did not >ntend that
to be imphed w-icn he had expressly infused.
But independent of tivs refusal, trie terms of the
Constitution cannot be construed t~> imply such a
power. It has been inferred from the power "to
lay and collect taxes for the general welfare." To
incorporate a bank, lays no tax for any purpose.
Alexander II miltcn, the great originator of sucn
a bank, told the honest tru'h as to what it was in-
tended to be: "It is to be considered that such a
bink is nota m^re matter of private property, but
a pohtical machine of the greatest importance to
the State.'' Congress h s no power to raise
money to invest in a bar.k, any more than in
a \/hahrg vojage, or any otner money
mikmg lusiness Tne term "general weitcre"
is used fo des-gns'e t' e object of raising taxes If
every ibmg tha'will biuig money into the pub'ic
pu'se, is an horize i nnoer Use power to raise
taxes, then char ero to fishm? companies, fur com-
pmies, and companies for all purposes of trade
and manufacture, by reqii'ring a bonus, would
bung money into the public purse. Yet no such
charter  were.ever applied tor. To exact a bonus
for a char er isnotat?x, but the price of a Govern-
m"ntgrant of a monopoh, and a monopoly is so
muüi tjlien írom the mass of the people, to be con-
ferr d on a pnvdeged c'ass The light does not re-
sult from the po-vei "to Lorrow money " A bank
chai er torrows no money. It is a fearful s'reteh
<f construction to imply it k a "necessary and
pioper" way to borrow money, to call m'o exist-
ence a ciiporation 'o lend ,'—not to lend its mo-
nvy, bjt i'o pr mis«ory not-s The nower is to
borrow mon«y. Now, by the Con-titution, Con-
gress may "com money, and legalate the value
thereof, and of foreign com   No other money was
then lno..n. P^pir bids of credit, were never
known as money, but a sub-titute for i>. Who
ever heard of e-igravng money? Neither is it
"ne-essary and proper," or either, to create a cor-
pora ion, to a d in l?yirg and collecting taxes, or
to create a lender, that Congrí ss may borrow. It
would spjdy as well to tiust compares,'oan offices,
an 1 whaling companies. These might be taxed, or
they might l nd their n^ies, or even their money;
but are they both '-nec s-.ury s>nd propel'" The
people may be taxed, and money may be borrowed
of individuals The States have the right to pro-
hibit the circulation as moaey of any thing but
