gold and silver, and yet if Congress have the
power to incorporate a Bank, they tnusi protect its
issues pun sh the forgery of them, and tuus usurp
a clear State right, by implication. Every impli-
cation of a grant is confined to such as are direct
and both necessary and proper, m the usual and na-
tural acceptation of ths terms, else it leads to un-
limited powtr. Every means, become m its tdm
an end, and thus justifies the use of means stdl
more remote, until absolu'e power is attained, and
this is pure Federal doctrine Thus, theUmted States
may borrow money. To boirow money, it is ne-
cessary and proper, that there should be an accu-
mulation of capital To aceumula'e capital we
must have a bank, with power to engrave bank
notes There can be no bank of 1 mited responsi-
bility without a charter, and prudent men will not
unite in a general rcponsibility , and therefore,
Congress, having the powei to borrow money, 1 as,
by necessary implication, the power to wroiporate
stockholders with limited responsibility. Thus, the
charter is the means of creating the bank The
bank is the means ot cedlecting the capita!, and
multiplying it thence to ten fold, and tlvs is lie
means of enabling the bank to lend, and the United
States "to borrow money " There is no power
which the most unprincipled ambition might cove',
which could not be attained by the same course oí
reasoning. Apply it to the power to lay taxes, a
corporation may be taxed, but to tax we must ere
ate it; therefore, under the power to lay taxes Con-
gress may create a manufacturing company, and
impose a tax or bonus Impressment into the navy,
and a conscription for ihe army, are legalized in
the same way. Tms is Federalism, now in ih 
ascendant. Stuct construction is the polar otai
o£ Democracy, destined again to emerge from its
eclipse.
A corporation is a new creation: it is a person
not before existing, and its creanon is an act of
sovereign powtr, not delegafed. Had it been eitlici
necessary or proper, it would have been as expre sly
granted as it was positively refused An idei once
prevailed that the prohibition, to the States, to emit
bills of credit, by implication, conferred that power
on Congress, and so it might create a bank to emit
paper money. If so, a 1 bills of State banks are
unconsinutional. But, in the first place, a char-
tered bank is not Corgres", and delegated power
cannot be sub-delegated. Bat the whole error is
founded upon a misapprehension of what "bills of
credit" are They are promises based on the cre-
dit oí a Slate, and not notes based on a bank rapi-
tal. This has been decided and admitted. The ar-
gument chiefly relied upon, by the advocates of a
national bank, is that oí the late Chief J jstice Mar-
shall, venerable for his wi dom and experience, bat
that gift of God which is bestowed upon mankind
in every age—the power of reason—is mil more
venerable. An individual may be influenced by
motives, or deluded by the pressure of circum-
stances; but right reason, when unclouded by p,e-
judice, is more to be relied on than ihe authority of
any human bping Great and good men have
maintained seme monsnous doctrines. Jud¡ e Mar-
shall's argument is all condensed in the*e words
"The Government, which has a Jiaht to do an act,
and has imposed on it the duly of perrorming that
act, must, according to the die aies of reason, be
allowed to select its means," and any exception
must be proved. Tais doctrine leads to the inevi-
table conclusion that Congress is supreme It must
raise an army, consenption is a rr>ean-, there
you must show tl at it is prohibited It can borrow
money, therefore it can incorporate companies and
grant monopolies, within the States, io ob.ain a bo-
nus. It at once breaks down every barrier of the
Constitution, and makes the United States a conso-
l.dated nation; for of course the States cannot gam
say what ihe Uní ed S ates select as a me?ns Hsd
such a docttine been uttered by the dyiEg breath
of Washington, it would be our duty to challenge
it, as treason, to the sovereignty of the Stales.
Your committee conclude that the uncompro-
mising hostility of the Democratic Admmistralion
to a National Bank deserves our most cordial ap-
probation; and that the adoption oí that measure,
as a leading and fundamenla! principle of the new
Administration> stamps it indelibly, as in ¡ts very
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
essence, the legitimate expt nent of Ftderai m,
and calculated to inflict upon the country lasting
misery and mm.
Your ccmmittce consider the Indepenlent Trea-
sury as strictly m accordance with the Constitu-
tion, and well calculated to place ihe commerce,
manufactures, and agriculture of the country upon
a permanent and prosperous basis By wi'hdraw-
ing from all ooniecuon wi h tiade, it leaves the
h inking mtere ts to be regulated by the S ates
By collecting th  revenue in the com of the cour-
try, u neither opposes or fosters these ms1,unions,
bat leaves them to be esama'ed by tho^e who deal
with them If ihe r no'es are equal to «p"cie,
tho=e who possess them have no diíficJly m con-
vening them into money vhen r-qjuol for dtitie-.
Iftheyarenot s-0 con>cr'ibl°, then the/ are not
c-qual to moil"/, and tne United S'atrs orght not to
lec ive donblful paper m piyment rfdebselucta
the pub'ic Theie would have Leen no ou'cy
against ihe collection of Ihe revenue 11 monej, but
from the conssiou ness that the b>'l> of specie
p«yirg bank  are not"<s poodasspeeie. A spec e
paying bank u-day, may be a suspended bank to
morrow. Roturas and exmbits have proved ro
escunty. A bank which is guilty of a fraudulent
issue ot pnper, be} ond its ahi íty lo redeem it, will
hesita'e little to cover that fraud by false state-
ments. When we see the larges' bank in the Union,
and once gracd with a United States charter, cir-
culalirg the bi'ls of an extinct institution, based on
no capitil, wh^t coniidence can be placed m the
mere integrity of banks, or the fidelity rf their
statements'2 It then re ults, that either in the
United Slates must guaranty the con muance of the
solvency of the b^nk , or ih pers ns woo piy thedj-
ties must ascertain it by tec actual exihange of the
bills for money, a prore-lm™ which r%n cause no
difficulty, except wn ie he banks are lea Ij notde-
seivn g of crsV
The right to 'en 1 mo" y cn'lecel as di tics or
taxes, and thus concert it in'o notes iindt r any
guarantee, is >n corflict with the letter and «pint of
the Constitution.
The next general feature of th  adraini trition of
the present Chief Magistrate, deservjng the cordial
approbation of every slaveholdmg State, was (he
determined policy early avowed, to withhold h s
sanction to any measu'e lmpuring the reserved
r ghts of the South, m relation to her slave popula-
tion While we feel an abiding confidence in ihe
readiness and ability of oar S a'e to pro'eu its
!i°Ms by tho*e neans which God aid N„tu e ha^e
accorded to us, and nevei doubted the noble spirit
and elevated patPotisTi of our citizen , to meet any
emergency, and íepel any aggress on, and aw re-
solved not to discus rights whicn v e permit no
one !o question, we íiust cord a \f approve that
faith'ul and lust adherence to the Constitution,
which will save oui citizens oí o ncr fe ates fiom
endangerng he Union by ¡heir io'V ?nd fanati-
cism, and involving them e'ves in a conflict tnat
will not be ab^ndored as long as Carol na has one
faithful c tiyen left to die in def nee of net mtegri y
as a Stale, hei interest, or her mnor.
Ycur committee j'ute wall the E\ecahve in
amazement at tnat d°luson winch cud induce
any Suutnern S ate to abandon aa Adm ms'-at on
■Ri-iCT adnered mo-a f«a hfiil'y to ihe doctr nes
which they have snuggled to maintain nje 1800,
and h^ird ineii miereai by c^ale "in; wi hd pnriy
to which is allltd the Fed ralials aid Abolitio is",
the advocates of? Nat onal Bank, and the p rse
vering solicit rs of a tariff of pro ec lot, and v. hi e
^ e rejoice; to fiad ouitclves as oi-iated on die one
«id- with Virginia, toe veiy nrr cry of Dei>ocrqcy
and State right , and on the other, by our o«n off-
spring, ihe enlightened people tí A. ahimi, we f el
no "biikmdness towards out im^iedme neighbors,
and are coifident, relying on iheir general good
tense and right feelings, tha' the n^o-nenr thp de-
velopment of the true o'>ar?cier of toe combined
and allrd opponents of Democracy r exposed, tl ev
will promptly End cheerfully unite osee more vu h
us in sustaining a common cause, with a incenty
and 7 al worthy of their elevated characLi, an i
their devotion to the right  and interests oí ihe
South. And your committee concur wit4 his Ex-
cellency in the belief that the people rf every «ec-
153
t on ot the Union, firm in their prit c p > % and r< -
solved in their purposes, w> 1 one moie rally in
the great cause of Democracy, and re ns ate m of-
fice its original and unwavering disciples.
That the late election for Pre&idcnt of the United
S1 ates was corrupt anl indecent—who'jy unwor-
thy of a sober and discreet public, and calculated to
degrade our country m the eyes of the world, obser-
vation and rumor, too well founded, it is believed,
induces ¡is to H-n nt Tie resort to silly parean-
tn s, l'diculous emb ems, and vulgrr d s<qpation,
was an insult upon the dgnily of ficemen, anel
cou'd < nly piocesd trom ?n utter contempt of their
m'ellig,,"c", and i readme's to degrade them to the
lévelo'' th" seni'e popohce o transat'ant c mo-
narch  s Tint fords to a va«4 amount were h-
vished, was palptbk, and when it is recollccfed
that the pi /  ,o he gamed by oppo-iiion, was (he
control of the revenue- of the Union, the rcsasciia-
lion (f an expmng money ■•J irstitution, who<e
■nock 'S jo largely owned abroad, aril, above all,
th* deliri/e hope that ihe>e was a mag'c m change
that would re i ve m/-n f in th" losses ot improu-
deoce rr mi fortune, theie i< «rvjat leason to con-
clude that th" elective franch've was polluted by
most ex'tnnve 1 nb( ry and con option.
There was a feature too, in the l?te election, U11
more odieu . Men high in s'a'ion,and surrounded
by the respect of the public, going ab ut l^ie coun-
try, mílaiiing the passions, alarming the fears, and
misleading Ihe judgment of the people, wa* a spec-
tacle d"graJmg to th  whole country, degrading to
ns as a moral ind h gh minded people, and can only
be ascribed to that pecul'?nty in Ihe human cha-
racter, which leaels men banded together for a
coram n pnrpo , 'o f'o what, a irdivid lal , they
\vOull rcvil' at índ lepjd ""te Wnenmeno cha-
racter \ ou d acser , n the fa^.e of day, that the distn-
b ' ion of thepjblu treA^ure, 'a se'li R<>pre en'-
a'iv of the p°oM  and pi d pnay hv rp¡iropna-
tii ns made b) Uiv, u«is iisurniig • ihepouerof the
pure," which every one knojs i the power lo
raise money wnhout the consent of thepeoDle,and,
still more absuid, that they should ropiesent mill la
men, called out to dri I, t< n d^ys in th- year, as a
slanding aimy, we aie amazed at the se f compla-
cency that did not blush at the deception. No, the
unpardonable sin of the present Administration
v. as, its repudiating a chartered monopoly, to re-
ceive an^ loan the publ c ireasnie, and retamirg it
it the Trea*ury of the United S ates— ts gradual
return to a sound cons ituuonai currency—and its
res'duti n, not to cniai'le Gov nmojt w¡ h any
m ney dealers or stock jjbbert,—but to \ca,& to the
Sutes to legu'ate their banking ihn tioia as they
deem bes', and upon 'ne wi dom and policy of this
P"eat measure, Soulh Carolina c"' cj'  with it, and
is ready to renew the expre sion of as santt on and
approval.
T'-is Slate has only to repeat he  objections to a
tariff foi a prolec ion, and when the lanff compio-
mi e ends, she expects a fan adjustment of a new
tariff fir revenue, m n^mc and in f?cl The le-
s ilt of the elec u n of Preside' t has not shaken ihe
f \i h of fiojih Cirolini, in her lomg chenshed pnn-
c pV", an i jour coinnittee recommend the adop-
tion of these resQlpticr
1    lnolved, Thf', >n ihe opinion of this, Li>gisla-
t'lie, a bank, cl a^tT d by the U , ed Sta es, and
whose not's are made recen ib e in payment of the
pub'ic due , is contrary to the sp rit and intent oí
th>-Cons itution, is n" wari'-itedby any express
grant o pos*ei to Cirgfc s, and s unnecessary
?n' írpo i ic
2   ir whed, Tnat tl e cUeclion of th3 revenue
of the United S a'es m go'd and '.ilver coin, is
st idly ccnstit"t' nil, and veil calculated to pre-
s ive a srivd cnculaung rredmn!, and the keeping
the fdb'c furs in the Treasuiy of theUmed
S at^s, mste J o' entriis ing them to the custody
of pvy i,icorporat'-d company, i> in eo-fermtty to
ti- prov.sionó of the Consiimnon, and is ro Uie
an 1 sa'e
J Resolved, Tha' the poseí gi/en to Congievs,
to lay and eol'eet taxes, dntiesj rn 1 inp s^( jots
rot author,?  Congress to rol ec mop y e\cer>t for
re /en ue, and that a tariff to protest the industry
e f one portion oí th  ci mmuni y, at the expense
oí anoíhei, is a violation of the ^pim and 1« 
