Í24
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ter of the C institution of the United States; and
when sach a case occurs, the several States
will decide for themselves'the mode and measure of
redress
4.  Resolved, That the general principles and po
hey of the administration of Martin Van Buren,
are approved by this Leg slature, and are well
calculated to preserve the perpetuity of the Union,
by an equal and just protection of the rights
of every section; thus avoiding the necessity of
any State resorting to her own means of sell-de-
fence, to secure unimpaired her institutions and her
rights.
5.  Resolved, That this State has seen, with great
satisfaction, the steady and conn--tent adherence
of her Senator, John C Calhoun, to ihe well
known, avowed, and mature principle  of the
State, and they accora to him their deliberate and
strong approval, for vindicating and upholding the
settled and w '11 known doctrit es of the State from
which he holds his high commission
6   Resolved, That the people of this State have
cause to congratu'ate themselves, that the party
feuds which la'ely weakened ihe vigor of lit. coun-
sels, have happily ceased, and that South Carolina
now presents to the enemies of her policy and peace,
an undivided front, and is prepared, as she is re-
solved, to repel, by all proper means, every aggres-
sion upon her lights as a sovereign republic, the
instant that aggression is attempted
7   Resolved, That the Governor be íequested
to transmit copies of tie foregoing Report and
Resolutions, to < ur Senators and Representatives
in Congress, with instructions to submit ihem to
that body
Reiohel, That the House do agree to the report
Oiiíereií, that it be sunt to the Senate foi concui-
rence.
By order             T. W. GLOWER, C. H. R
In tiii: Sfníte, December 18, ls40
Resohed, Tnat the Senate do agree to the report
Ordered, that it be rctuined the Hiu«¡e of Reprts-n-
tives.
By order                WM. E   MARTIN, C S.
On motion by Mr PRESTON, the re olutions
weie laid on the table, and ordered to be printed
Mr CALHOUN presented the memorial of the
Chamber ot Commerce of New Orleans, piaymg
the pas«age of a general bankrupt law
Mr. C said that while he took pleasure m pre-
senting this memorial, his own epmions on the
subject weie unchanged He believed fat the
passage of a voluntary bankrupt lav; b5 the Fede-
ral Government, would be unconstitutional, and
thepassageof a law wi h (be involuntary princi-
ple, impolitic ind mexprriicnt at th- ptesfnt time
The memorial was laid on the ta> le, and ordered
to be pr.n fd
Mr. CLA\ of Alabama presented ihe memorial
of the Legislature of Alabama, in favoi of a law
for compensation for Frereb, spoliations prior to
1800, Winch was referred to the Committee on To-
reiga Relations.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a preamble
and resolutions of the L-gislatuie of Kentucky
The resolutions were as follow^:
1   Be U resohed, That Ihe Generil Assembly of
the State tí Kentucky deem a Bank ot the United
States, to constituted and o'gan zid as to sccum to
th  nation the mamtcnatce of a<<U"id, uho'esome,
ande nve-nen1 cm noy, mdisp nsab'e to the pros,
penty of ihe winri, Eird th-it the Lation cannot
dispen e with such a Bank, witnout a ciUm píos
pect of p>n ttp and puo'ic ('i tre s
2   Be %' fu iner lesthel, That the public lard-, of
the United Si if sore not, of right, the prop rty of
the par Kiilar i1 ¡> os \a tihich (hey lis, nor that of
the pe pi  ot sn<h State , and therefore the Cor-
gress of ihe Umied Sft ought not tn cede such
lands to sufh S ate«s, or any of them, or io ap-
prop ta e íuch ]?>ids Cor any purpose whatever,
but in beh  f and for the benefit uf the peop'e of all
the Sta'es
3   Re'ched, further, Tha', in the opinion of this
General Assemb'y, public policy requires, and ihe
interests of the people will be greatly promoted, by
a just and eqaitab e distribution of the proceeds of
the sales of the public lands to the States respec-
tively, according to Federal population.
4 Resohed, That copies of the foregoing resolu-
tions be forwarded by the Governor to each of our
Senators and R present-stives in the Congress of
the United States, with a request that they will lay
the same before each branch of the Nauonal Le.
gislature.
Mr CIAY <sxid these resolutions were passed in
one House by a unanimous ve te, and in the other
with but four dissentients, and expressed, he be-
lieved, the sentiments oi nine tenths of the people
of ihe State
On Mr. C's motion, the resolutions were la d on
the table, and ordered to be printed
Mr. CIAY also presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce, remonstrating against the
passage of any bankrupt law that acted retrospec-
tively, (which, in Mr C's opinion, wís the princi-
pal merit of a bankrupt law,) whic'i was laid on
ihe table, and ordered to be printed
Mr BUCHANAN presented a memorial of
Lewis Brown and other merchants of Pin adelphii,
praying the reimbursement of a portion of the du-
ties paid by them on certain articles of hosiery,
which was refened to the Committee on Finance
Mr WEBSTER piesented the petition of a num-
ber of citiztns of Nantucket, for indemnity for
Fiench spoliations prior to 1800, which was laid
on the table.
Mr W. also presented the memorial of Benja-
min Brain, praying compensation for Revolutiona-
ry services, which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claim!
Mr MFRRICK pre ented the rromoi>al of citi-
7°ns of Baltimore, ^laaymg the passage of an ar-
proprntiou foi the election of a fnt on Sola's
Point Fiats which was referred to t! e Committee
on Military Affairs
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the petition ?nj
papers of Will am Whitehead, now on file, were
referred to tne Commutes on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of mer-
chants and other  lemonstratmg against the passage
of any bankrupt law at the present sess on, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr W a'so presented a memorial of citizens
of New Yo k, asking, if Congrees deem it
expedient to pass a bankrupt law, tnat banks and
tiading corporations may bp included m its provi
sions, wmch was ordered to be printed
Mr. W also presented a memorial of mechanics
and laborers of New York, sskmg, if Corgress pass
a bankrupt law, that bborets and mechanics may
be entitled to the benefit of i s provisions, which
was ordered to be pr nted.
''Mr. W a'so presented ihe memorial of the
Temncrance S ciety of New York, prajing that
the spirit portion of ihe navy ration miy he abo
hshed, which vas refemd to Ihe ComnUtec on
Naval Affairs
Mr LIMN presented the petition of Absalom
Link, pi ay id g confirma ion ol his title to a tiact of
land
Mr NORVELL presented the memorial of citi
zens of the S ate of Mich gan, praying ihe passage
of a general bankrupt law, which was laid on the
table
Mr BENTON presented a letter from the Se
crttary of War, entltsing a cimmamcation from
the Chief Er«i"rer, on the creation cf a company
ofsaop-rs ami miners, *hi-h «as referred to ihe
Commit'ee on Mili dry Affairs, and ordered to be
prirted
Mr B submitted the fol'owing resolution, wh ch,
w,th a"C9mpi<ni"g pipers, was refened to the
Committee on M.litery Allan
Resohed, That tne Coma íttee on Mi itary Af-
fairs be directed to inquire into the expediency of
taking measur s to s ttle and quiet the tule of
cla mants to the Fea Patch island in the Delawate
nvfr
Mr WALL piesented the memorial of th" Ma-
rine Irsuiance Company of the city of New York,
lemonstratmgpgnnst arepialof the pilot law of
1837, wbica was ordered io be printed
Mr TAPPAN p.esented the memor al of c tizens
of Ohio, praying the pis age of a general bank-
rupt law, which was laid on the table.
Mr KING presented jo nt resolutions of tne Le-
gislature of Alabama, praying the removal of the
land office at Mardisville to a convenient location
in the Cherokee purchase; which, as the subject
ha* been passed upon by this body, was laid upon
the tabje.
Mr K also presented resolutions of the same
body, asking the passage of a law to authorize the
adjustment cf the claims of Alabama for money
actually advanced by that State to aid in the prose-
cution of the Creek war, which, as a bill had been
already reported, was laid on the table.
Mr NORVELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of the owners
and ere jv cf the schooner Twin; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Air KING, the bill authorizing
the settlement and payment of certain claims of
the State of Alabama was taken up and considered
as in conMittee of the whole, and after explana-
tion by Mr K it was ordered to be engiossed foi a
third readm-
PERMANENT PROSPECTIVE PRE EMPTION LAW
The bill to estab'ish a permanent prospective pre-
emption system, in favor of settlers oa the public
lands, who shall inhabit and cultivate the same, find
raise a log cabin thereon, was taken up, and having
been rsad through, the question being on the motion
of Mr. Crittenden to recommit the bill, with in-
structions to report a bill for the distribution of the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands among the
States,
Mr ALLEN addressed the Ssnate at much
length in favor of the original bill.
Mr. MANGUM then obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr WALL, upon whose motion the Senate m ent
into Executive session,
And afterwards adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, January 25, 1841
After the journal had been read,
Mr. CUoHING presented a mcmoiial from
C T James, of Newburyport, Massachusetts,upon
the subject of s'eamboat explos ons which was refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. J W. JONE3 then moved that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, and
proceed to the special order.
Mr BLACK inquired when the appeal which
he had taken from the decision of the Chair, in re-
ference to an Abolition petition, would be in order?
The CHAIR replied that it would be in order on
the first petition day, unless some special order
J'ould interiore.
The SPEAKER then laid before t' e House the
following communication", viz
1. From the President of the United States,
transmitan'!; a report, wi h accompanying papers,
from the Secretary of State, in answer to the reso-
lut on of the House of the 16th of December,
calling for copies of all documents showing the
rngm of any political relations between the United
States and the empire of China referred to the
Commit ee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed
2   From the Secretary of War, transmitting, in
obedience to the act of April 21, 1803, and March
3, 1809, s atemen s of all contnets which were
made by that Department during the year 1840:
reierred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
oi lered to be printed.
3   From the Postmaster General, m compliance
with the provi'icns of the act of2dJuly,1836, tram-
in ttmg, 1 A (a ement of all such land and water
ma Is as have been estábil hed or ordered within the
>car p ecedmgtne 1st of July, 1840, other than
th )se let to contract under the advertisment of the
yeai, 9 A repoit of a'l contraes made for the
transportation of Ihe mail within the } ear aforesaid;
3 A report of additional allowances made to mail
contractors wiihm said year, and 4 A report of
all curtailments of mail service and pay ordered
within the same time referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Road=.
4   From the Secretary of War, in compliance
with the act of May 1, 1820, transmitting a state-
ment of the second Comptroller, of the appropria-
tion" and expenditures for 1840, and balances re-
