CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
maining in the Treasury on the 31st of December
of that year: laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
5.  A lettervfrom the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting a statement of the contracts made by
the Commissioners of the Navy during the year
1840: laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
6.  From the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the resolution of the
House of the 19th inst. a report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, accompanied by
a statement exhibiting the amount paid isto Ihe
Treasury annually on account of public lands,
from the opening of the land offices to the end of
the third quarter of the year 1840, at each land
office; the aggregate received at each office, and the
aggregate at all the offices, and by the Treasurer of
the United States, for the whole period; also, a
statement of acres of public land entered by pre-
emption, at each of the land offices, from the first
of July, 1820, to the date of the latest returns for
the year 1840, discrimina'ing between those under
acts of 1838 and 1840, and those under prior acts:
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
7.  From the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting a report from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the House of the 9th instan*, in relation to
the discontinuance of certain land districts under
the act of 12th June, 1840: referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
8 From the Secretary of War, transmitting a
statement of the names of the elerk-, employed in
the Department of War in the year 1840, the time
each clerk was employed, and the sum paid to each:
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
9. From the President of the United States, as
follows:
I transmit herewith to the House of Reptesenta-
tives of the United States a report from the Director
of the Mint, exhibiting the operations oí that ir-
stitutton during the year 1840, and I have to invite
the special attention of Congress to that part of
the Director's report in relation to the over-valua-
tion given to the gold in foreirig coins by the act of
Congress of June 28,1834, regulating the value of
of certain foreign gold com within the United States.
Applications have been frecuently made at the
Mint, for copies of medals voted at different times
by Congress to the officers who distinguished them-
selves in the war of the Revolution and in the last
war, the dies for which are deposited in the Mint;
and it is submitted to Congress whether authority
shall be given to the Mint to strike off copies of
those medals in bronze or other metal, to supply
those persons making applications for them at a
cost not to exceed the actual expenso of striking
them off.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, 22dJan. 1841.
On mstion of Mr. BRIGGS, that part of the
message which relates to the Mint was ¡eferred to
the Committee of Ways and Mean?; and that
which relates to medals, to the Committee on the
Library.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read a
first and second time, and appropriately retened,
viz:
An act to extend the charter of the Bank of Al-
exandria, in the city of Alexandria;
An act for the relief of Avery, Saltmanh, and
Company;
An act authorizing the Presidest of the United
States to cause certain surveys of the lakes and
lake coasts to be made;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Francis
Newman;
An act for the relief of George Sarpey, or his
legal representatives;
An act respecting ihe heirs of Agnes Dundas;
An act to relinquish to the .State" of Mississippi
the two per cent, fund accruing by the act far the
admission of said State into the Union;
An act to make certain appropriations for the
Patent Office;
An act to abolish the port of delivery and the of-
fice of the surveyor of the customs at Currituck In-
1 t, in North Catolina;
An act regulating commercial intercourse with
the port of Cayenne, in the colony in French Guia-
na, and to remit certain duties;
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry to refund the duties collected on the Fr\ nch ship
Alexandre;
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry to make an arrangement or «ompromise with
any of the sureties on bonds given to the United
States by Samuel Swartwout, late collector of the
customs for the port of New York;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Samuel
Mackay;
An act relating ti the judicial courts in the dis-
trict of New Hampshire.
The amendment of the Senate to House bill
making provision for the lunatics confined in the
jails in the District of Columbia, was concurred in
by the Hou-¡e. The amendment is as follows:
"Provided sa>d expense* shall not exceed, in the
whole, §3,000 per annum."
Mr. MARVIN obtained leave to present sundry
petitions, (praying for a bankrupt law,) in behalt
of his colleague, (Mr. Clark,)w!io was confined to
his toom by ¡ndispositon.
The resolution offered by Mr. EVERETT on
Friday coming up for consideration, Mr. E. said he
would not press it, as it could now answer no use-
ful purpose.
Mr. POPE asked leave to lay upon the table cer-
tain resolutions of the Legislature of Kentucky.
Mr. CARR said he had the resolutions of the
Legislature of Indiana on the subjeet of amending
the Constitution of the United States, so as to re-
strict the eligibility of ¡he President of the United
States to a single term.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama moved that the
rules be suspended or.e hour, for the purpose of pre-
senting petition¿ and memorials which would not
give rise to debate.
Mr. J. W. JONES again moved that the House
go into Committee of the Whole; when
Mr. BANKS asked Mr. Jones to gire way to
enable him to submit a resolution; which, he said,
would not occupy one moment.    But
Mr. JONES persisting in his motion,
The question was then taken, and decided in the/
affirmative.
So the House resolved itself into a "Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and  resuaeJ
the consideration of the bill authorizing the issue of
TREASURY NOTES.         , /
Mr. DUNCAN being entitled to the flcVr, an-
nounced that he should, in the course ofi'ihe re-
marks he intended to m;.ke, ttke the liberty of an-
swering various charges which gentlemen of the
Ooposiuon had thought prorer to make against the
Administration. Whether these charges h=.d been
made in order or not, he would not then undertake
to decide; but as (hey had been made, whe'her in
order or not, he considered it his right, r.ay, his
imperative duty, to reply.
Mr. D. then proceeded to say that the whole his-
tory of nations and Governments satisfied him that
nsver, since the establishment of civil insti-
tutions, had there existed a Government without
two parties, one desirous for it to possess more
power, and the other less. He then explained the
nature of Monarchical, Aristocratical, and Repub-
lican forms of Government, the latter of which
was the form under which we lived, and by which
the people had the right to make, adjudicate and
execute their law-, either by themselves or by their
Representative?.
In thh Republican form of Government the peo-
ple had a privilege, which was recognised by the
C.institution, ami which could not be wrested from
them. That privilege was the right of ipstmciing
their Representatives to carry out their will. There-
fore he contended when any Representative was
elected, or officer of whatever characU-r or descrip-
tion, if he was elected upon any question, or test,
or measure, or principle, such officer or Rep.esent-
ative was bound to carry out such question or mea-
sure en which he had been e'ected. Such vías the
bounden and sacred duty to the people who elected
him. He was bound, by every principle of govern-
ment and constitutional law, to support that mea-
sure for which he had been elected. And when-
ever any officer, whether the Piesident or the hum-
b!est individual, had been thus elected, and failed to
perform this duty, it was a gross bieach of faith to
the people.
After some further lemarks on this head, Mr. D.
said his object was to lead to the inquiry wfhetker,
at the recent election, any special instruc'ion had
be^n given by the peopls through the ballot bores,
whether in relation to this or the coming Adminis-
tration.
Mr. D. then proceeded to notice the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury and the estimates fur-
nished by that officer far the present year.
Aft<r reading ihe numerous items, Mr. D. said
it would appear from the report of the Secretary
that the estimated balance in the Treasury at the
end of the present year, after maVing every pay-
ment, would be $824,273.
But the question had been asked, that as there
iras to be tins balance in the Treasury at the close
of ihe year, what necessity was there for the issue
of these Treasury notes'! His answer was, that a
pomon of the receipts referred to by the Secretary
of the Treasury would not probably be paid in,
such, for instance, as the item for the Bank of
Natchez. But there was another reason, and that
was the great inequality of receipts, and the in-
equality of the expenditures in.ihe course of the
year. It had been already khown, that, during the
present quarter, a great amount became due before
the funds for meeting the demands had been paid
in. It therefore became neceisary that a tempora-
ry provision should be made to enable the Treasu-
ry to anticipate for a thort period ns receipts. But
let gentlemen wait until the end of the year, when
the receip's and expenditures rhould be put toge-
ther, and ihey would ihen see how much reason
they had for their objections.
It might also be asked why such an amount of
Treasury notes had been asked for in the bill.
His answer was, that considering the great revul-
sions of trade, and the fluctuation of money mat-
ters, it was better to provide a sufficiency at
once.
The S;cretary of the Treasury informed them,
that during the iast year,the Treasury had met every
demand whieh had been made upon i'. Now some
gentleman of the Opposition had thought proper
t > deny firs, and to asssrt that the Government
had Leen going on tick. He cou'd, however,
boldly assert thatsueh had n it bee.i ihe case, and
he felt assured that he eo'ild pro*e what he said to
the satisfaction of the House.
Mr. D. then alluded to the charges made by Mr.
Barnard on this rubject, and i ho had alleged
that the work on the public buildings in this city
had been suspended, and the payment of money
due to the workmen postponed until the first of
April next.
In order to be satisfied as to the truth of this
charge, Mr. D. said he had addressed a let'er to the
Secretary of the Treasury on the subjec', and a
bill wks read at the Clerk's table. The answer of
the Sjcretary was also read, and stated in sub-
stance, that all the work done, on the public butld-
incs of this city, during the last year, to the best
of h''s knowledge, bad been paid for as soon as
done. But the appropriaticn having been exhaust-
ed, as a matter of necess ty during the present
month, he believed the Committee en Public Build-
ing had received an application from some labor-
ers to be permitted to "go on with their work at
their own risk, until a further appropriotion should
be made. The Board of Commisauners bad not
interfered in the ca;e, and nei hcr>hey nor the De-
partment had proposed  any reduction of wages.
Thus, said Mr. D. the appropriation haviug run
out, ¡he laborers themselves, at their own risk,
during the piesent rnontb, nave made ihe applica-
tion to be permitted to go on with the work. So
much for the Government going on ttefc.
Mr. D. then gave asimilar salibfactory explana-
tion in reply to the objection raised m relation to
the works at Oid Point, both by Mr. Barnard and
Mr. Wise. Afier having read, at the Clerk's
desk, a letter from the War Office on the subject
and which placed the matter in its proper light,
