CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
Mr. POPE asked the consent of the Hou^o to
present the resolutions of the Legislature of Ken-
tucky, on the subject of the public lanus, etc.
that they might he on the table, and be printed.
Objection being made,
Mr. POPE moved to suspend the mies for that
purpose; but the motion was negatived.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
On motion of Mr J W. JONES, the Home re-
solved itself mío a Committee ot the Who'e on the
siate of the Umoi, Mr Casey m the Chair, and re-
sumed the consideration of the b 11 aa horizmg the
issue of five njilliors of
TREASURY NOTES.
Mi DUNCAN being entitle 1 to the floor, re-
sumed his remark- ftom yes'erday in favor oi the
bill, and in repiy to the nnmeious charges of ihe
opposition against the fmai-ciiil policy oi the Ad-
ministration. With this vit«, he took a review
of the corrupt transaction^ ot the United States
Bank,ard showed how far its supporters were quali-
fied to act as judges aga ns> the prest>it par y m
powei.
Mr. D. then at some length went into an exami-
nation of the banking system in g^nenl,and the
exclusive privileges and superior advantages which
such incorporated institutions posse-,s d over indi-
viduals He denied that the banking system wis
the offspring of the Democratic par y, a d m proof
tnereof referred to the vote taken at the lisi session
on the bill /or re-cliartcrmg th' Distuct Banks
The record would show that the Democatic party
in the Hou-e iefu«elto gr nt a renc*?l of the
chrrteis «ith the usual p.itliege*, unless ti o e
banks would first p ly their d ots.
In the course of his remarks, Mr D intimated
that by way of il'us'raung his aigummts infla-
tion to the Whigs, Le had iakeu tne Lbirty oí call-
ing upon his poet.
Several members desired that the poetry m ght
be read.
Mr. DUNCAN said no, it would not do, fot weie
he to aitempt to read it theie, he would be cal'ed to
order.   Besides, the poetry was to be sung
A member desired to know if it woul' be in ordnr
to nave the poetry suni,     If-o he should desne it
Mr DUNCAN could not oblige th   gentleman,
bu'they v ould see   ¡he pocUy in   pu.it, when   hi
remarks \vi re pubh hed     But hr had n   oojcction
to inform  them mat the poetry was «e1 to th° tut c
Roshn. Castle
Before coiiciudirg Mr D pdvert <' to a letter
fiom Mr. Kelly, v-h ch app ared m thr Nat o nl
lntelligencei some tine ago, d nyirg that G neial
Harrison had refused to give, pledges, t c Mr. D
produced evidence from ai authei lie ource,
showing that the statements ot said letter were not
true, all which wi 1 be given when the speech shall
be published m full.
"When Mr Dum,\n had finished his remaik%
he re«d from the intelligencer the following, as ic
ported in thit paper
'Mr. W C Johnson submdtcd to the Chair
whether it was m oréei lor an individual to charge
General Harrison with cowardice, who had himself
been branded as a coward on this flooi''
"This paper was put in his hard a mement before
he commenced speaking. He had deferred sayng
any thing on the subject until he sn0uld finish
his íemarks, expecting thai some e'eniai uen d
be made, or some conecticn oí tbe r< port
ordered But Uut not bung done, he de-
nounced its author (po.n mg to Mr. Ww Cost
Johnsov,) a base hai, a con'enutibl yupfj, a
scoundrel, and an injttmous Crwa-^d Njt , sir,
said Mr D I heard ro pail of fe mailer so io-
ported, as applied to myself, ?nd I ask the chair-
man, who was nearer to Mr Johnson, whethei or
not he heard the meinler so express h msel! ?
"The chairman [M1- Campbell] ic poidcd that
he heaid no such remark.
"Then, said Mr D. it said at all it mu t have
been muttered, and not mtsr.e'el to do hta d.
"Mr. Joi'nson roae and said he wascjntctly
reponed He h„id made the remark, and justi-
fied it lie read a part of a peecn wt ich pmprrl-
ed to have been delivered in suppori of the reso'u-
tion whicn had been mtreoueed to expel Mr. D f ji
the publication oí certain letters, pesung cí r a,n
members therein named    Mr. J. made some other
remarks m jus'ifitation
|" Mr Duncan said that re-olution and
its support was foundei in base cowardice.
It was manufactuied, as he was infe>rmed,
and had reason to believe, in a cancos,
and the object was to relieve ihe memoers
posted in the sa d letters from disgrace, wh en they
had not the courage to relieve themselves fiom
When tne resolution was introduced, it was mt'-
m&ted that the publication of these letters was
po tponed until after the rassage of the law against
dueling is soon as that intimation was uttered,
Mr D said he pronounced the man who ím
pti'ed ouci a motive to turn, a ba e soandrel
and a liai The memb°r fiom Kentucky,
[Mr MtMifi] intimated the same, h", too,
stud Mr D i pom ed out lnsiandj, and pro-
nounced a contemptible scounlrcl, and to'd
him that the di eiling law only op rated
over ten m'ei squau, and m ten or tweive
short d^ys ■ae would be out of the e ten rml s
square, and any gentleman who felt himself ag
greted, might call on him he should be met,
ard have such redr «is as he might have the
comage to ask. Mr D. disclaimed having
clmgid Generil Ham on with cowardice, m
any íemaik he had made, h" had prese Ued no fact
oi statement but what the polittal hi-to ; of th 
countrv and oí th" la<t wir wamntrd pud susta r-
ed Ti o e who heard him, and those who might
read him, cculddrav then o«n concl mo>s. And
to conclude, once Drall, slid Mr D. í repent and
fix unou the irember [Mr J n\si n] the chwse I
made upon him. He u welcome to make ihe lea
of it. 
Mr D WIS of Kuifc'cy next obtain 1 irr ilior,
an i wem into an *um nition of tie es'i i il s mi i-
iiutled b; lii ■ See aiy oi tne Tie at], an end-
ing that, at tn iohI 1M1, tieie \un'1 Iv a i'e-
íic t 11 ten null ons ol eioün , and that it wis the
the duty of Congie  D n ke ¡noie ample piovi
sion for the present ycai than bad yet been pro-
pesed Mr. D spoke at «-omc length n favor of
foitifymg the country, and ¡nercasin  the strength
of the navy, &c and conchidcd by espies ing his
that tl e amei dmentof Mi Barmaid (to mx \ ncs-,
si'k~, re) was ihe b st mtins yet proposed for
rai mg the n^ce ">iy ifvmic to carry on Ihe
opera ions of iheGi\ttnm' nt for h  p^esTt yeai
Thf eomrri i-c i!."i 10 c, reported pi-ogiess, and
asked le~'.t lo s l ?« in
Mi CRVBB, onlc te preen'el t1 e pi anbk
and tcs(] ii il  el the L " 'amrc i 1 Ih S ate oi
Alaoam*, prote Urg i>ai i t ih n nv¿\ < ( api -
lecti 'l t.n f, wh < h weie la d o i the table, md oi-
dered to be p>-in <■(!
Mi C also a ke 1 le?re to pr^sent i mcneuil
having refevre,  to chum, i i miliury   tivi^c<
Bjtebjection bíing m Je,
Mi C moved to su p-nd the ru'es.
Pend ng winch motion,
Th   IP use aljeurned
mg bounties and allowances may not be disconti-
nued, wnich, with former memorials on the subject,
was referrel to the Commute? on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT pre ented tne pe'ition of Hannah
Page, widow of a Revolutionary soldier, which
was referred to tha Commi tee on Pensions.
Mr BAYARD presented the memorial oí a num-
b-r of emz ns of Pm adelphia, praying the ersctton
ofantw customhouse at th't pace, which was>
referred to the Committee on Commerce,
Mr. B a'so p-esented t* e rmnwmlof cittJ'ensof
Pn laelelphta, praying tie erection of a light house
on Brandyw.ne Shoil , whi"h was icferred to ihe
Committee on Comneic .
Mr. PORTER présenle J the petition of a num-
ber of ft 7°ns oí St Clair county, Michigan, fjOr a
general ba ikrupt law, wbici vat. laid on the
table.
Mr. SEVIER piesente 1 the memorial of the Ge-
neral Asieaibly of Arkan a , a-king an appropn-
at on for completing the mi itary roa 1 from Mem-
ph's to L ttla Rock, wh'ch was referred to the Com-
mit te on Mi'itiry Allans
Mr. PULTON presented tne memorial of the
General Asscnbly of the S'ate of Arkansas, prat-
ing an appropriation for completing tne road from
Helena to Ca<-he, which was role red to the Com-
mi l*e on Roads and Canal-
Mr F a'so presented a memorial of the same
body, asking a donation ot land lo aid the While
River Turnpike C impany, which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr WALL from the Com mi tee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was referred the memorial oí James
Allen, asked to be discharged from Ihe further con-
sider lion ,hercof, which was ?g^cd to.
Mr W . 1 o, 1ro n tí c a Tie comm ttee, reported
a b 11 for ileu iiel ol 1'norn is L W nthri p and
< U eis, iliipcto's of rn a socialion eaded the New
L g1 \ id Mi' v ppi Laul Company, which vm
rea 1, and orden d to a second reading
BILLS PAS-ED
The bill authonz ng the settlement and payment
of ceitam claims of the Slate of A'abama, and
The bill dnectmg seti ot the standard weights
and measures to be placed m the War Depart-
ment, weie severally read a third time, and
passe f.
The memorial of a number of cit /ens of Prince
Gcirc"scoi.ily, Maryland, engaged m the planting
.end cultivation ot to >a>.cj, priyuij; the adoption of
m t>i re bv tbe Genei<<l C? nemment for the pur-
no otiiltvii'th rsap'efron the bjrdensome
duiits imposed n ioreifn eiuntrie--, ^Isich was not
disposed of je-.erd.-v, \/as t km up, and Mr.
MiiRRICIv rep I'd at or^ideiab'e length to Mr.
Calhoun's re-narks yesterd y He wi> briefly re-
ph'd to by M' CALHOUN, v-h^ was followed in
fe debau by M^sis LISN and PRESTON,
wien, without coming to a conclusion, on motion
by Mr CLAY ot Alabama, the Senate proceeded
to the cohsid ra i m of the special o der, the
PI RWAM NT PRO->l'LCn\E   PFL CMP HON LAW
Tre bill to enabl sh a permanent prospective pre-
empt on syst'm, in favor ot sutlers on the publie
hnds who shall nihab t a id ctilu/ate the same, and
rats" a le^cañm therton, wíí taken up,the ques-
tion be m on the motion cf Mr Critilndpn to ic-
commit ihe b 1',  i h mstiticiions to report a bill
fo' the dis nbution oi the p'oceeds of thei,ales of
the pubhc lanjs among the Otatej.
Mr LUMPKIN si d \>s rose to make but a very
few lennnks Ao u^u%l hi fe t indisposed to ad-
die s tie i>mat'\ wr ci cv^r hio views were pre-
ca ' d by othei , but op >ti tne present occasion, he
cjiisideied it hi d U> to speak br t fl y for himself.
The subject had, in its piogress, assumed a magni-
tude, and gathered around >t an importance, rarely
equalled oi the floor of the Senate. The original
proposiuon or bill, which give ri^e lo ih s discus-
sion, provided, and was simply intended to secure
tiacual and humble settlors on the public land',
the right oí pre einp'ion to on  handre 1 and sixty
acesof the public land at fie Government price
of J l 25 per ace But the vauous topics of
d.s-cisoion miroducd here, hid cmbrac dslmoit
the entire range of piny mea u es, and party po-
lttics, known to our country. For himself, he bad
ne ther iasie or disposition to  entei [upon a par-
IN SLNAIL.
Wi,i)\isun, January 2¡, ¡sll
Th VÍCE PnE3IDENriail b-lore <! e S inL
a lettci from Ihe & lelaiyel V/.i'-, tranirm ting
fifty-1 vo copies of the oTical Aim/ Rcei ' r in
cor^pl ince with the re oluuon o me li'h Ceccn-
bc, 1815   ilii'i a as read
Mr WALKER submncl a communeation
fiom the Secre'ary of the Tieisury, flaiiv  to the
cUin of tne v 'lígi1 tl CaKiiddet m Mis«oun, to
a i act i fa id, which u"o icf ic I to tne Co md-
tee on the Pjb c Lands
Mi W also fe -n "d the petition oi anuibcr
of iVimVo lantsef No\ubnc co mtj, Mississ pp¡,
piling toat the light of pre-emption to a ir.'ct oi
lard mav be extend d to fhnstofhir Nations, a
sealer em the public K"d , which  ,s icferred to
f ie Co 'imitlce e n Pel' e L i¡i'
Mr '^ a'sojRo"!!^ ti e i.error i oi a ruiiber
of the e ti e.s of Natolicz M s sn,, , p ¿j m^ tbe
passage oi ag > e al buikr pi luv, w i i i ns h d
on  he t->b' 
Mi RUGGLE3 pie enlct'th peti ior cf a num-
ber of the cit z"n° of Maine, paying t' it t <c fiaa-
