128                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
usan controversy on the floor ot the Senate
Ripe years, and an abiding sense of the dignity
of the station which he had the h ^or to occupy,
forbade his en eringon a cour e which might change
the appropriate Scheie of the Senator into that of
the mere partisan, if he felt himself piepared to
enter upon the discussion of all tje subjects
brought into this debate, he should certainly at this
time forbear from doing so. He felt nore of tnat
sprit of party triumph whicn we have seen exhi-
bited more tnan once m this chpmber, since the
commencement of the present session No, sir,
(said Mr L ) taking the late elections for a test, I
am in the minority in my own State, ?nJ in the
Union, Well, if the people will it, be it so But
it he was in a majority, he would sound no shouts
of triumph here, h' would wejir hs honors with
becom'ng modes-ty
& nee the commencement of the pre-en  session,
an hororable Sena or expie^til the o| ínion that he
considered the Senator^ frcm n ne con States in-
structed to vo'e for th  repeal of the Independent
Treasury I «unpose, s r, (said Mr. L ) I am one
of the Scnatois included in thi, count, apd tnere-
fore he would take that occasion to state, that he
had no special instructions whitever His in-
structions were embraced m those general obi ga-
tions wheh dsvolve on every Senator H s opi-
nions remained unchanged upon the subject of the
Independent Treasmy, ann «very ctner impoitant
treasure ninth had agitated the conntry for several
j ears pa*t And he would add, that he belie vd a
m <jo l'y of the peop'e ot Georgia th s day concur-
rid wnh htm upjn all these iimui-int mcasti es
True, a majon y had notconcutred with bun in se-
lecting men for office A maj >nty ot th° late Le
gtslatnre of Georgia were the sup! orters ol General
Harrison for the Presidency Why did they not
instruct him (Mi. L ) to \oto for die repeal of ih"
Ind-pendtn' Trea nry, and foi the es ablr-hmesit <jf
a Natto' al Bank? fauch resolutions were intro-
duced into the Legislature oi Georgia, but prudence
w ^s considered the better part of valor. 1 he Har-
rison party, though in a imj nty, feared to pass
them. Therefore, he hoped it would hereattei be
understood that he wa, unencumbered with any
special instructions from his immediate constituent
body, or Aom ¡11 people ol Georgia. Sir, (said
Mr L ) I v nly believe, this day a large majority
ol the people of Georgia concur with me in legard
to the public mea urcs and policy of the cou ítiy—
whi'c they have differed wi h n e in the selection
of ¡h^ tnaa to (irry out ih s„ rae-isuiCa und pol < ¡
The short t mu I iciuain heie, my ct ur <. apt n all
great measures will lemaia u changed, and I shall
return to my eonsti uents nub. a lull confidence that
I have repns nt d the wisitc ol a very large ma
jonty ol ihttn
A< he had already íntmia'cd, he would not de-
tain the Senate by er tcrmg upon a.iy one of tise
great questions win h ha c inc dentally nrown out
of the discuibion of the policy ot the pre-emption
bill His views h>d been prtsented bydiffeientS -
nators, wi h whom he had voted upon these everal
subjects, and consequently he should not travel ovei
the same giound
He wouH enly *ay, in conuln ¡on, fha> he had
always thought, a J still thought, lint th'test pos-
sible di position which < oukl b ■ made of tie public
uomam was for the Govtrnment to stll t, al a lair
price, to aotuai settlers, n small quantities—in quan-
tities suittd to ih- warns ar ¡ ab lides of the set.h is
He had long s nr- been di'pu 'ed wi'h the auction
sys'em, h  ha I w tn°s ed the operations of .hit
system. I' „ecuied to c-t¡ ta'isLs, moneyrd comoi
nation , ind speculators, tie nho.e of the best
lands, to the txc usio i oi hone-i, humble industry
He was p'eao d if i i th" prospective character ot
this pre-emption bill It was a call *o the poor ?nd
needy, but irdusi  on, ?nd rn'erprioins:, from every
part of ihe crmntiy, to ¿o l^iward, cultivate, «oik,
multiply, and rerlenish th ea 'h.
Sir, (said Mr L)l would not only open the door
to male cit zens oí the Umt d States over reenty
one years of age, but to mile and female over pnd
under twenty-one j ears of age, and neither would
he require that they should be naiura'r/e-i citizens
Actual bopafide settlement and improvement is all
that he would require, m addition to the prompt
pi) meat of the Government price for a small piece
of land Tins policy would benefi' the Govern
ment, as well as admims'er to the wants of humani-
ty. It provides for the poor and the needy, who
are willing to work and cultivate the soil, whether
male or lemale, naturalized citizen or foreigner.
He had no apprehen ions of evil consequences from
the husbandman N->, ir, (sud Mr. L ) this fer
tile, this h ghly favored land, has no evil to appre-
hend from the til er of the soil Agr cultural pur-
suit'-, properly conducted, never fail to n ake the
best ot ciuzens. Hu> on'y hope for the permanent
prosperity of this country was based upon the virtue,
intelligence, and industry of our agricultural popu-
lation
Mt. ANDERSON briefly replied to some of the
remarks of Mr Mavqom yesterday
M' WRIGHT then took the floor, and spike
until near'y 4 o'clock in oppo-ition to th<3 dis'ribu-
tion polio), when, wihjut concluding, he )ielded
to a mot on lor adjournment
And the &uiate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wedkf'dw, January 27, 1841
The CPEAKER stated the first business in order
to be the mo ion made by Mr CRABB on yester-
day to «uspend the rules, to enable him to present
a memorial, pending which motion the House had
adjouried
The question was taken and decided m the af-
fumative, ard
Mr. CRABB presented the memor al an 1 reso-
lutions of the General Assembly of the State of
Alatama, claiming reimbursement for cer din targe
advances made by her in carrying on the late war
with the Cruk Indians in Alabama, which were
referred to the Oommiltte on Military Affair .
Mr EASTMAN, on leave, presented additional
owdunte in the case of Mark Buinham, which
was rekircd to the Committee on Private Land
Claims
O i motion of Mr J W JONES, ire House re-
solved itseit into a Committee of the Wh >le on the
State ot the U.uon, (Mr Casfy in the chair) and
resumed the consideration of the bill authorizing
the issne of
TREASURY NOTES
Mr FOPE bung entitled to the floor, said his
real obiect in obtaining ihe floor, was 'o fdvise his
Wing inends not to make any fuither delay m the
passage of tie b 1'. It hi] been conceded by ai1
t^at tne bill ought to pass, and he th ieR.ie s? <v no
necessity for di cubing subnets wh ch had been
d b kd on every stmp for ihe 'as f^ur years
Mi P obsuved tNit tl ey hpd a gieat deal of pri-
vate ard cthtr business to act upon at the present
session, ?nd he thtrciore suggested wbcthci it would
not, foi the presen1, be beot to have a cessation of
hostilities on part) questions, aid take lho question
at once on the passage ol the bill
Several member, h re said,' agreed," "pgiced "
But Mr WISE and other Opposition members
inimiating thit they woald claim the r light to ad-
dtcss the committse,
Mr POPE sa.d a> thit was the esc, and bis
Whig faunas pers ^ted ij continuing th" debate, he
ha 1 no a terna'tve but to proceed
Mi. P then took a rcvipw of the means reported
by the ?ecret,uy of the Treasury for meeting tne
denan's against the Go\e'nment for the present
jea', and con'end d that the calculators had been
ma'etuh at sufi„i rt data lie th^n g?ve, in
de ail, his v ews as to the real amount that wa.. to
be expected from tiecu toms, the public lands, and
oth-r jOUiCS rcrened to by tbc Secretaiy in his re-
port
In speakmg o' the tir ffqoesi. on, Mr P gave it
as his opinan that before long 'he States ot ihe South
themselves wcu d be in lavor oí a protective fanfl
on tobacco and olhei articles ra ced m the Soutn
He referred to a memorial, row on ¡h"ir tables,
from the Tobacco Convention, asking for the pro-
tection of l^at interest, and in which conventicn
were men from Maryland, Virginia, Tennessee,
and Kentuclq
Mr P -was tpposed to the reduction ol any o
the expenditures for the navy or other public work,
He reviewed the growing power of England, her
daring ambition, the increase of her navy by steam,
ships, etc and contended that our only means of
securing ourselves was to make liberal appropria-
tions for the erection of steam batteries, and the
increase of our naval power In his opinion, the
rnly effectual way in which we could speak to
England, would be through our guns
As for British gold, and British influence, the
only way to counteract that was to arm ourselves
wuh a sound currency.
Mr P. then at some length urged that the only
mode of obtaining a sound currency was the re-
estabhshment of a National Bank
He then went on to tell how the coming Admi-
nistiation would put all those matters to rights, and
how tee currency, under their guidance, would be
firm, siab'e, and not liable to depreciation.
He aho gave his views in relation to log cabins
and log cabin pol cy, as connected with the distri-
bution of the proceeds of the public land . He
contended that an/ policy which screwed the mo-
ney out of the pockets of th  laboring man, was a
bad policy. He desired that the road to a home
m the Western wilderness might be still kept open
for the poor. He maintained that a gieat portion
of the Western lands was scarcely worth any
thing, and the gentlemen who imagined they were
gwine; away the public lands by selling them at a
dollar and a quarter an acre, were much mistaken.
The fact was, that in many cases the land was not
worth that price He therefore objected against
any system which would increase the price
lie took the ground that the General Govern-
ment ought no1 to look upon the Western lands
f s a source of revenue, and it was w this view
that he was in favor of a distribution
Alter speaking for two hours, Mr. P. said he
wao exhaustc 1, and would now give way to his
friend, the gentleman fiom Virginia, [Mr. Wisi,]
who ought not to compl?in of his having occupied
so much time, for he, (Mr P ) had ones sat and
listened patiently to a four hours' speech of the
gentleman, whsn scarcely any body else remained
in  the House
Mr. WISE then took the floor, but gave
way .0
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON, who desired to
make a statement in relation to certain remarks of
Mr Duacan in the Globe of last evening. (Mr.
DüNCANat this time was not mhii seat )
Mr J then ie,id the following extract from House
report of yesterday
"But that not being done, he denounced its au-
thoi (pointiig to Mr Wm Cosí Johnson) a
base liar, a eon'emptib'e puppy, a scoundrel and
an infamous coward "
Now he Mr J wished to say that this language
imputed by the Globe to the member from Ohio
was not used by htm, as every gentleman in the
House eoald tes'ifj. The statement was entirely
false After some further remarks m relation to
the principles which influenced his own conduct,
Mr J. concluded by repeating that the language
put in the Globe was not used by the gentleman
iroia Ohio, aid there was no gentleman of any
party in the House who would rise and say that it
w«s u«ed
[The Rep rter, as an act of justice to himself,
sutes that he is in no way responsible for that por-
tisn of the report disclaimed by Mr. Johnson ]
Mr WISE regretted that, on this occasion, he
felt compelled to take the floor, being physically
unfit to talk for two or three hours on the bill under
corsiderat on If his friends had chosen to vote in
s lencc, without condemning the vote which hei bS
tended to give, he would g'adly have said nothing.
He would, too, mach rather hive preferred, before
the debate srose on this question, that his friends
should have met together as brothers, and recen-
ciled their d fferences, and regretted exceedingly to
differ from any one of them They had advanced
opinions net only for themselves, but for their party,
and had taken upon themselves to advance opinions
on this question from which he was obliged to dissent.
Whether they would be the opinions of the coming
Administratioa, lemamed to be seen. But he noti-
fied gentlemen that, as far as his voice was heard—
in the Houw, m the forum, on the floor of Coa-
