CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
On motion by Mr. KING, the bill increasing the
pay of certain officers of revenue cutters, while
serving in the navy of ihe Uaiied Slate?, w;as taken
up, and,, after some remarks from Mr. K# and Mr.
LINN, it was ordered to be engrossed /or a third
reading.
PERMANENT PROSPECTIVE PRE-EMPTION LAW.
The bill to establish a permanent prospective pre-
emption system, in favor of setllers/on the public
lands who shall inhabit and cultívale the same, and
raise a log cabin ihereon, wa^ ¿aken up, the ques-
tion being on the motion of Mr.^CiRiTTENDEN to re-
commit the bill with instruction/to report a bill for
the distribution of the proceed! of the sales of the
public lands amoag the States.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky having concluded his
remarks,
Mr. TAPPAN rcse and addressed the Senate as
follows:
Mr. President: Before I proceed to remark upon
the extraordinary attack made by the Senator from
Kentucky uponrcy colleague and ro>self, I wish to
ask that Sena'or who it is that he Charges with
"having made a proposition to reduce wages."
Mr. CLAY said he did not mean to be under-
stood as saying that any one had made such a pro-
position.
_ Mr. TAPPAN.   Such is the language you used,
sir.
Mr. CLAY. I did not intend to charge any one
with more than sustaining in argument a policy,
the inevitable tendency of which would be to re-
duce wages; and this was done by many gentlemen
whom I do not think I am called upon to name. I
do not recollect usin,T the word proposition.
Mr. TAPPAN. I am satisfied, sir, with this
ejp anation; the Senator's construction of argu-
ments made by others does not affect me. The
Senator from Kentucky on yesterday charged my
colleague and myself with voting for a proposition,
the effect of which would be to give away 160,000,-
000 of acres of land, justly belonging to Ohio, for
800,000 acres, and ordered us to go home and ac-
count to our constituents for this gross sacrifice of
the interests of Ohio. This charge of the Senator
is not founded in truth, as I shall show; but let me
not be misunderstood. I do not say that the Sena-
tor has intentionally stated a falsehood en this
floor; he would not do thi«, and yet it is strange
that he, or any other less experienced legis'a-
lor, should so HLseonceive our vote on that
occasion as he seems to have done. The case
was this: tee Senator's colleague [MlCbittenden]
had moved to recommit the bill with instructions to
strike out ail after the enacting clau'e and to insert
what has gained the name of "Mr. Clay's land
bill," upon which the Sena'or from South Carolina
nearest to me [Mr. Calhoun] moved to amend the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky, by substi-
tuting his [JSr. Calhods's] bilí for disposing of the
public lands to the States, so thst if the motion to
recommit should prevail, the plan of the Senator
from South Carolina should be reported back to u1!
instead of the Kentucky Senator's bill. Now, who
does not see that the question here, was not whether
we should agree to adopt either of these projects;
but it was a mere question of preference,
and surely an opinion may be given in gosd
faith, that of two plans, one is better than
another without any intention of adopting either.
Suchswas this case; of the two plans, I preferred the
one offered by the Senator from South Carolina,
and so voted, not with a view of expressing any ap-
probation of the plan proposed by the Senator from
South Carolina, but to áefeat the motion to refer
with instructions made by th-¡ Senator from Ken-
tucky on my right. These are the views in which
my colleague and myself concur, as was expressed
by him on yesterday, in his reply to the remark of
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay;] and I
think if the question should ever again come up
while I have the honor of a seat here, I shall conti -
nue to give the same preference, notwithstanding
the denunciation of the Senator from Kentucky. I
give no opinion upon the abstract merits of the pian
proposed by the Senator from South Carolina, be-
cause it is not and has not been before us on the final
question of adopting it; but I will say that I am not
nclined to make important changes in our land
system; that system has heretofore worked well,
and I see no necessity for a radical change of it.
Sir, the Senator charges us upon this side with
"opposing in advance the measures of the next Ad-
ministration"—with making war upon it; and he
quotes Shakspeare, "Come on McDuff," as though
we were actually in battle array against him. We
have opposed the Senators unconstitu'ional project
for distributing amongst the several States the reve-
nue arising from the public lands and Senators up-
on this side have given as their opinion, and
have demonstrated, that a special session of
Congress will not be necessary. We have been
told by Senators on the opposite side that these
things, with some others, would be supported by
the next Administration. We have seen and
heard the Senator from Kentucky when he has as-
sured us that his land bill (as he calls it) "y/ould
pass" when that gentleman and his friends came
into power; that unless ws repealed the Indepen-
dent Treasury bill, the next Administration would
call an ex'ra session of Congress to repeal it. We
have also heard the Senator describe, in his gra-
phic way, how the next Administration would
make a clear sweep of all office holders, with pro-
bably no exceptions; but we have been ignorant of
the Senator's authority to pronounce ex-cathedra
npon the course to be pursued by General Harri-
son; and for myself, I confess that having some
knowledge of G>neial Hairison, I had my doubts
whether he was lo be governed, dictated to,
and led by the nose by the honorable Senator,
as he seemed lo promise us. He exhibited to
us no authority for the assumption of the dicta-
torship. If the Harrisburg Convention, in
nominating one of the gentlemen and rejecting the
other, did secretly determine that while one should
be viceroy over the good people of these United
Stale?, the other should be viceroy over him, how
were we to know that important fact? You save
us no evidence of this. We are excusable then, I
should think, for opposing such measures as the
Senator's land bill, which we think unconstitu-
tional, without being chargeable with anticipated
hostility to the next Administration.
But the Senator bids us go home ! and account
to eur constituents for our conduct here. Go
home ' We obey no such orders. - We submit to
no such dictation. Who gave the Senator from
Kentucky authority over us? Autocrat of Ken-
tucky, let him issue his orders trere to his obse-
quious slaves; but with Ohio and her representa-
tives he has nothine to do. Sir, I repe. with seorn
this matchless insolence.
Here Mr. CLAY called Mr. Tafpan to order,
and he cat down.
Tne VICE PRESIDENT, after some remarks,
which we did not hear distinctly, said that it was
out of order to use the word insolence in the way
Mr. Tapfan had used it.
Mr. TAPPAN rose, and continutd. Sir, I will
repe! insolence and insult, come from what quarter
thev may.
Mr. CLAY then rose and dec'ared thai in what
he hadsaid, he had not the remotest intention of in-
sulting the Senators from Ohio; that in using the
words, go home, &c. he meant no inore than to advise
those Senators to consult their constituents on their
return home as to their wishes upon this great
question of disposing of the public lands.
Mr. TAPPAN then observed: The Senator's ex-
planation is satisfactory. From the vehemence of
his manner, and the loudness of his intonation, I
thought the Senator in earnest, and that he meant
what he said. It seems that m this I was mista-
ken. I therefore let that pass; I will not knowingly
treat any Senator with disrespect; my age and my
habits lead me to a courteous demeanor towards all
with whom I have business to transact, and I will
not willingly deviate from this course; but inso-
lence and insult I shall not put up with, and lam
glad to find that on this occasion nothing of that
nature was intended.
Mr. President, having disposed of this matter,
(without intending to engage at large in this debate,
so protracted and interesting,) I will express my
views on one or two points only. The Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] read to ns the first
paragraph of the 8th section, 1st article, of the
Cons'itutitm: "The Congress shall have power to
lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises,
to pay the tHts and provide for the common de-
fence and general welfare of the United Slates;"
and gave us his opinion that this taxing power did
not authorize Congress to raise money for' distribu-
tion amongst the Stales. I coincide fully with the
Senator in this opinion, but does he not perceive
that by this sound construction of the Coin-
stituiion, he concedes to us the whole rnat,-
ter in controversy as to his land bill? I know
how^ the Senator thinks to get this power: it is not
in this clause, indeed, tut he tells us it is contained
in these words:
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of
and ms.ke all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory or other property belonging to the
United States."
Prom the grant of power to dispose of the land,
he infers the power to dispose of the proceeds of the
land. Congress have, indeed, by this clause, the
power to dispose of the public land for ihe benefit
of the United States; and it is under this clause
alone that the constitutionality of all the grants of
public lands which have been made to the indivi-
dual State?, can be maintained. If we admjtj
(which I do not, however) thnt by this clause ia
the Constitution, Congress has the unlimited
power to do whatever it pleases with the terri-
tory of the United States—that it m*AB grant the
whole or any part to some or all of the States, that
it may give it away to actual, settlers; or, that it
may sell and dispose of it for money, making it an
object of revenue; still, Congress cannot raise reve-
nue for the purpose of distribution. The "public
Iand3 are sold for money. A part of the revenues
of this Government are derived from that source.
It matters not whether you raise your revenue
from the customs, from the sale of your ships, from
a tax on land, or the sale of your land; when that
revenue reaches the public Treasury, there is no
ear-mark on it to distinguish the quarter from
which it came. It is the money of the nation, to
be used for national purposes- If there Í3 any
clause in the Constitution which gives you au-
thority to make a distribution of it amongst the
States, it is the clause firW emoted; but this,
says the Senator, >and so say L*°n*ains no such
power. Congress is not required by the Constitu-
tion to sell the public lands to make the territory of
the Union an object of revenue. The manner os
disposing of that territory is no where expressed.
It is isnplied'only that Congress shall dispose of "it
for the benefit of the whole, and not select part of
the Union. Congress have thought best to «ell
their land for money; have for more than forty
years thought thai to raise a part of their ordinary
revenues by thus disposing of it, was to execute
their power of disposing of it in the manner best
calculated to promote the interest of the nation. I
will not argue the question whether it might not
have been as well to have authorized Con-
gress to make a division by the Stales or
otherwise of the money received for land,
for we are not making a Constitution; but
I will say that a power to grant or sell ¡and
does not carry with it the power to dispose
of the money received for such land—when
the ¡and is sold, the power to dispose of it is exe-
cuted; for the power to dispose of the money you
mu*t look elsewhere.
As to the bill before the Senate, it varies but lit-
tle from what has become the settled policy of this
Government—it proposes that instead of tempo-
rary laws on this subject, wepass a permanent act,
permanent as it can be, to remain until the wis-
dom and experience of our successors may change
or repeal it. We should find it difficult to prevent
people from occupying the public land on the ex-
tensive frontier; there is a large class of men
who have been the pioneers of civilization and set-
tlement in this country for many years, probably ever
since the settlement of the country commenced—
they are the Daniel Boones who choose to keep a
little in advance of law and gospel both; they sub-
sist more by hunting than the labors of agriculture;
yet they build cabins, and clear and plant fields,
and are always ready to sell their improvements to
the man who moves on the frontier with his family
