CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and his stock to make a permanent settlement. It
is a great advantage to the settler in a new country
who has a family to provide for, to find a cabin and
a clearing alieady made for him, and purehaseable
at a moderate price; and what injury does the pub-
lic interest sustain by granting these pioneers the
exclusive right to pureha e trie land they occupy?
Before this privilege was gianted to ihem, h was
quite common for mean and sordid men to hunt out
the places so occupied, and purchase them at the
land office, not for the sake of getting better land
than they could find elsewhere, but that they might
appropriate to themselves the hard earnings of the
poor pioneer for nothing. Protect the poor man by
a pre-emption right, and he would soon gam money
enough to pay lor his land; or, instead of being a
prey to the heartless speculator, this latter wou'd
have to purchase his improvements, since he could
not drive him off, and take forcible possession
of his property. I have said that pre-empaon laws,
instead of being injurious to the public, are
highly beneficial. Tney greatly facilitate the
settlement of your terntorits, by opening th'
road to your lands to men with families and
property, whose habitsi have not fitted them for
settling m the wilderness. There men compose
the great agricultural population of the West.
Some men think, sir, that to allow land to be se-
lected, the choics tracts to be taken up for the
raimmt'm price, is granting a great favor to the
poor pioneer. I do not think so, the man who
will take bis axe and his rifle, and go mto the
frontier, forests, or pranes, far from roads, fro n
mills and schools, and places of worship, fai fiom
all the comforts and advantages of society, pa>s
for the pre-emption right you give him very dear-
ly. Ye<!, sir, the settler, in a new country, pays
the full value of the best land in the priva-
tions he enduress m the hardships he encoun-
ters,   and the labor he performs.
On this matter I must be allowed to speak from
experience; and I know that, except in rare in-
stances, from peculiarly fortunate location, the first
settler would not be paid for the toil and suffering
he has to endure, 1m the gift of a quarter section oí
land. I hrar Senators speak of land in a state of
nature worth frotn^n to fifty dollars per acte; I
Mve never seen s^h land; it is not to be founí m
any of the fine bottoms of the West: it is an El
Dorado, which exists <s*ly in the fancy.
It has been proved, I think, that Government
does not get much more than the minimum price
for land at the public sales; so that there is nothing
to balance against this natural and long practised
mode of settling your public lands. I am there-
fore in favor of this bill—of adopting it into our
permanent land system.
Mr. WRIGHT, who also replied to some re-
marks of Mr. C. personal to himself, which were
explained by Mr. Clay.
Mr LINN also followed in explanation, and also
urged thepiopnety and necessity of appropriating
money for the purpose of putting th" ration in a
position to main'atn her honor, and defend herseli
from foreign aggressun, instead of dividing her
revenues among the States.
Mr. TALLMADGE cont>nded that by dividing
the money among the States to be devoted to the
purposes of internal improvement, the best meaus
means for national defence was adopted.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had but a very few
words to say. The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay] in the course of his remarks to day had as-
serted that Senators friendly to the present Admin-
istration had argued at the last session in favor of
the reduction of the wa es of labor. When called
upon by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Tai-pan] to
mention the names of any such Senators, he de-
clined to comply with the request, he (Mr. B ) pre-
sumed from courtesy to those implicated m the
charge. Hi? speech at the last session in favor of
the Independent Treasury Bill, so far as related to
the wages ot labor, had been so extensively mis-
represented, out of this Hoase, that even at
the risk of having it suggested that he had made
an application oí the remark of the Senator to
himself, he rose to disclaim any such argu-
ment. He had never risen in the Senate, he
never could n<* m the Senate, and use an ar-
gument in favor of reducing the wages of the
poor man's labor. He was incapable of advocat-
ing any such proposition. He had disclaimed any
such argument, overhand over again at the last ses-
sion, and he should ever disclaim it as often as it
might be imputed. If the Senator from Kentucky,
or any other Senator, should at any time think
proper to examine his speech, and attempt to fix
such a charge upon him, he should at all times be
prepared to repel it, and prove that no such doc-
tune was contained m his speech.
Mr. CALHOUN rose and said he had but a few
remarks to make; but a very general w.sh for ad-
journment being expressed,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, January 29, 1841.
Mr. BURKE asked the consent ot the House to
offer a resolution, that the select committee appoint-
ed at the last session on the subject of statione-
ry and the letter of the Cle.k, be reappointed.
Objection being made,
Mr. BURKE moved to suspend the rules; but
the motion was negatived.
Mr. MORRIS oí Ohio asked leave to introduce
a bill entitled "An act to repeal an act entitled an
act to provide for the safe keeping, transfer and
disbursement of the public money," approved July
4, 1840.
Objection bemg trade,
Mr. MORRIS moved to suspend the rules, and
thereupon called for the yea¡> and nays; w.iich were
ordered.
Mr. MEDILL inquired of it wou'd be in order to
call for the reading oí the bill.
The SPEAKER replying in the affirmative,
Mr. MEDILL said that he would then call for
the reading of it, as he was very anxious to know
what substitute his colleague proposed for the law
now m force, and which was sought to be re-
pealed.
[ The bill was then read. It proposed no substi-
tute J
The question was then taken, and resulted—yeas
79, nays 87, as follow-
YEAS—Mr-sirs. Alford, John W. Allen, An-
drews, Baker, Boardman, Bond, Botts, Bnggs,
Casey, Chmn, Chittenden, James Cooper, Crabb,
Cranston, Crockett, Cushmg, Edward Davies,
Garrett Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Dellet,
Doe, Edwards, Everett, Fillmore, James Garland,
Gentry, Giddmgs, Goggm, Granger, Green, Grm-
nell, Hall, Hawes, Henry,HofFman, Hunt, James,
Charles Johnston, Kempshall, Lane, Lincoln,
McCarty, Francis Mallory, Marvin, Mason,
Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Morgan, Calvary Mor-
ns, Osborne, Pope, Profit, Randall, Rariden,
Reed, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant,
Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stuart,
Taliaferro, Jthn B. Thompson, Tilltnghast, To-
land, Tuplctt, Trumbu 1, Peter J. Wagner, War-
ren, Thomas W Williams, Lewis William?,
Christopher H. William?, and Wr-e—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Banks, Blackwell,
Bojd, Aaron V. Brown, Burke, Sampson H.
Butler, William 0. Butler, Bynum, Carr, Carroll,
Chapman, Clifford, Mark A. Cooper, William R
Cooper, Ciaig, Crary,'Cros^, Thomas Dave?, John
Davis, John W. Davis, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole,
Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd,
Fornance, Galbraith, Griffin, Hammond, Hand,
John Hastings, Hawkins, Hillen, Home , Hub-
bird, Jameson, Jenifer, Cave Johnson, John W.
Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Leadbetter, Leonard,
Lowell, Lucas, McClure, McCulloch, McKay,
Meredith Mallory, Marchand, Medill, Miller,
Montanya, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris,
Parnsh, Piirmenter, Pickens, Prentiss, Reynolds,
Rives, Edward Rogers, James Roger , Samuels,
Shaw, Shepard, Albert Smith, John Smith, Tnos.
Smith, Steenrod, Strong, Sweney, Jacob Thump-
son, Turney, Vroom, Weller, Jared W. Wil-
liams, Henry Williams, and Wortlungton—87.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. JONES oí Virginia moved that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and resume the consideration of
the Treasury note bill.
Mr. DAWSON moved that the special order be
postponed until Monday next, in order that the
House might go into a Committee of the Whole on,
private bills.
Bat tie motion of Mr. Jones having precedence,
the question was taken thereon bj yeas aud nays,
as follows-:
YEAS—Messrs. Alford, Anderson, Banks,
Beirne, Boyd, Brewster, Bnggs, Aaron V.Brown,
Albert G Brown, Burke, Sampson H. Butler,
Wm O. Butler, Bynum, Juhn Campbell, Carr,
JameJ Carroll, Zadok Casey, Chapman, Clifford,
Coles, Connor, Wm. R. Cooper, Crabb, Craig,
Crary, Cross-, Tnomas Davee, John Davis, D.cker-
son, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, East-
man, Ely, Evans, Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd,
Fornance, Galbraith, Gentry, Gerry, Goggin, Gra-
ham, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, John Hastings,
Hawkins, Hill of Norlh Carolina, Hillen, Hub-
bard, Jamei-on, Jenifer, Joseph Johnson, Cave John-
SDn, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Lead-
better, Leonard, Lowell, Lucas, McCarty, Me-
Clellan, MiClure, McCulloch, McKay, Meredith
Mallory, Francis Mallory, Marchand, Medill,
Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, S. W. Morris,
Parnsh, Parmenter, Pickens, Prentiss, Reynolds,
Rhett, Rives, Edward Rogers, John Rogers, Sa-
muels, Shaw, Shepaid, Albert Smith, John Smith,
Thomas Smith, S'arkweather, Steenrod, Strong,
Sumter, Sweney, Jacob Thompson,Turney, Vroom,
Weller, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams,
Lewis Williams, Wise, and Worthington—110.
NAYS—Me srs. Adams, John W. Allen, An-
drews, Baker, Blackwell, Boardman, Bond, Cal-
houn, Chtnn, Chittenden, James Cooper, Mark A.
Cooper, Cranston, Crockett, Edward Davies, John
W. Davis, Garrett Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Den-
nis, Doe, Edwards, Everett, Fillmore, Gates, Gid-
dmgs, Granger, Green, Gnnnell, Hall, Henry,
Hoffman, Hunt, James, Cha'. Johnston, Wm. C.
John.on, Kempshall, King, Lane, Lincoln, Mar-
vin, Mason, Monroe, Manroe, Moore, Morgan,
Calvary Merns, Osborne, Peck, Pope, Proffit, Ran-
dall, Randea, Reed, Ridgway, Russell, Sakonstall,
Sergeant, Snmnton, Slade, Truman Smith, Stuart,
John B. Thompson, Tillmghast, Toland, Triple ,
Trumbull, Peter J Wagner,,^Varren, Thomas W.
Williams, Joseph L Wilha^hs, and Christopher H.
Williams—70.                /
So the House resolved* itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state-'of the Union, (Mr. Casey
m the chair,) and resumed the cons deration oí the
'     TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. jlVI?E the«f took the floor, and was about to
resume! his remarks, but gave way to
Mr. RHEPt, who wished to ask the gentleman
from VirgHfta, whether the remark made by him
on yesteroay, that there was now a member of this
House, who was in theS uth Carolina Convention,
and who pr jposed a dissolution of the Union, was
applied to him"*
Mi. WISE replied in the affirmative, and said
that such was the impression prevailing m the
country in 1832; and if the newspapers at that time
wire to be believed, Mr. R. had actually proposed,
or talked of proposing a dissolution of the Union.
Mr. RHETT said that the gentleman was en-
tirely misinformed; neither he nor any other mem-
ber of the convention of South Carolina ever pro-
posed a dissolution of the Union, nor was any
such proposition ever made or discussed m the
convention.
Mr. WISE was glad he had made the remark,
for it had given the gentleman from South Caroli-
na an opportunity of contradicting it; and hoped,
so far at least a^ the South was concerned, that that
section of ihe Um«n would stand vindicated from
the charge fsrever.
Mr. W. gave his views at some length in relai
tion to the public lands, and argued against a dis-
tribution of ¡he proceeds among the States. Rather
than do so, he maintained thai it would be much
better to appropriate the money for the defence of the
Western fiqntier, or, if they did not choose to do
that, the lands might be disposed of for the in-
crease of the navy, the building of steamships, &c.
He argued with much earnestness against the pa-
tronage of ths Executive over the public lands,
which in one year had amounted to not less that*
