CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i$B
twenty-five millions of dollars. He considered it
dangerous in the extreme, and as absorbing in its
grasp even the Siate power.
While speaking on this head, Mr. W. said he
would suppose that the ghost of Cicero had arisen,
and was walking in the streets of Home at mid-
night.
He would suppose the shade of the illustrious
statesman as> meeting with an inhabitant of modern
Rome in the street at night, and asking him how
long it would be before day.
The inhabitant pulls from his pocket a chrono-
meter, to see the time.
"Ob! what's that?" says the ghost.
"It is a chronometer; an instrument invented by
the Germans for measuring time."
"Indeed!"
The inhabitant then takes from his pocket an al-
manack.
"Oh!" says the ghost, "what's that?"
"It is an almanac; it is the art of printing, the
wonderful means of rapidly transmitting human
thought, and also invented by the Germans.
"0! how wonderful!" exclaims the ghost.
The ghost and the inhabitant then knock at the
door of several citizens, but they are all asleep,
and cannot be awakened.
The inhabitant then takes from his pocket a pis-
tol, and fires it.
The ghest starts and is almost frightened back
to his grave. What's that? says he, in the greatest
alarm.
"Why, it i? a pistol," says the inhabitant, "and
explains the invention of gunpowder; a'so invented
by the Germans."
"All invented by the Germans?" says the ghost,
"and what have the Italians been doing."
At that moment a lazy lazzaroni comes gaping
tip, just awoke from his sleep. "This," says the
inhabitant, "is what tijey have been doing."
Mr. W. then applied this imaginary scene to the
present slate of things, in relation to Executive pa-
tronage, which, like the Germans, had been ab-
sorbing every thing, white the people, like the laz-
zaroni, had been gaping the while.
In concluding, Mr. W. proceeded to say that, if
he differed from his friends on the present occasion,
it was an honest difference arising from the convic-
tion of his own mind that he was right. He had
expressed himself in this manner because he felt
bound to put himself right.
Having spoken against a tariff, and the distribu-
tion system, it would be asked, what then would he
do? Why he would say, that constrained against
his will, he would vote for the issue of these Trea-
sury notes, as a-temporary remedy for the present
year, or at least until the meeting of the next Con-
gress in December.
It might be asked, what would he do for the fu-
ture? Why, he would fold his arms and wait. It
was possible that he might never come back to that
House again, and perhaps some of his friends
would be very glad if he never did come back. He
had this to say, however, that he could eithsr come
back or let it alone, just as he pleased. He wished
it understood, though, that he was a candidate until
he should say publicly that he was not. As to
whether he returned or not, that would all depend
upon private considerations. But if not, then his
friends might depend that he would, at home, fol-
low out the same great principles on which he had
acted here.
As regarded the compromise act, that, in his opi-
nion, ought to be left alene, until an actual and not
an artificial necessity should arise. The tariff
question ought not to be touched on account of a
temporary deficiency.
Mr. W. then proceeded to state how, in hisyounger
days, he had voted for General Jackson, and how he
had split frcja-him when that person,m his opinion,
failed to support the principles on which he was
elee'ed. He bad saiá, that although General Jackson
was master of millions, he (Mr. W.) was master
of himself. This he would say again in relation to
General Harrison.
Mr. W. then contended that the proper means of
sustaining the Treasury was to husband their re-
sources at this time. Let there be no distribution,
no giving away; for there could be no such thing
as giving away from a beggar. The Treasury was
in a state of beggary; it was empty, and there was
nothing to give away. Let them be honest and
pay their debts before they thought of giving any
thing away. The common law would permit no
will to be executed before the debts were first paid.
Let them pay, then, all their honest debts before
they talked of a distribution of the public lands.
The next means of relieving the Treasury was
to push a vigorous system of reduction. His friend
from Maine, [Mr. Evans] who in other matters
was as clear sighted a man as any in the House,
could not see, the other day, how they were to get
a supply by reducing ihe expenditures. Why, that
old philosopher, Benjamin Franklin, proved that
"a penny saved was a penny got," and he was sur-
prised that his friend from Maine could not com-
prehend it.
But it was contended that there could be no re-
duction. This was not so. There could be a re-
duction, and a great reduction, too. He had said
this before the election, and he again asserted it
now. There could be a very great reduction, and
that reduction ought to be pushed rigorously.
Mr. W. then noticed, as one means of reduc-
tion, a reformation among the office holders. He
urged that office holders ought no longer to be per-
mitted or expected to take part in politics. They
ought, said he, to be compelled to remain at their
desks, with their heads upon their business, and
the pen in their hand?, and to be required to
mind that business. If this plan sbonld be
adopted, and every neglec, in point of time,
or other inattention, however small, punished wiih
instant dismissal, then the Government would be
benefited to a great degree even in this matter.
Here alone would be a great saving. But, said
Mr. W. let the abominable System of proscription
for political opinion be abolished. For his pan he
did not like this constant changing of office holders
for opinion's sake, by which men were frequently
brought in who were not capable of performing the
duties. If a man was found to be competent, and
minded his business, why not 1st him remain, in-
stead of having these constant removal?, by which
the Government was put to a great expense by the
appointment of incompetent persons. He had al-
ways denounced this system of proscription, and
would they, after condemning its practice by the
Loco Focos, be guilty of it themselves?
Mr. W. concluded by expressing his opinion that
a National Bank would be the only effectual means
of preserving a sound currency, and his belief that
General Harrison would be his own President and
act for himself.
Mr. HUBBARD then obtained the floor, bat
gave way for a motion that the committee rise;
and
"   On the|question being taken, there were—ayes 45,
noes 72, no quorum voting.
The committee then rose and reported that fact
to the House.
Mr. ANDREWS moved a call of the Houss,
but it was not ordered.
Mr. RIVES said, that since the vote had been
counted, a sufficient numbers of members had
come in to constitute a quorum.
On motion of Mr. STANLY, the House again
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole,
and resumed the consideration of the bill autho-
rizing the issue of Treasury notes.
Mr. HUBBARD then commenced his remarks
in favor of the bill, and in repl? to several gentle-
men on the opposite side who had preceded him;
but, without concluding, gave way for a motion
that the committee rise; and
On that question a division was called for, when
there appeared—ayes 19, noes 20—no quorum.
The committee then rose and reported that fact
to the House.
Mr. ADAMS asked leave to offer the following
resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the instructors of the pupils of the
asylum for the deaf and dumb and the education
of the blind, be authorized to exhibit the progress
of their said pupils in this Hall for one hour and a
half oa Monday morning next, before the meeting
of the House,                                                  .
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved that the House ad-
journ-, and thereupon
Mr. ANDREWS called for the yea* andnavs;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 51, nays 23.
So the House adjourned.                                -
Note—Mr. Beattv was in the House, but
not in his seat, when his name was called on th 
motion of Mr. Jones of Virginia, to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole. If Mr. B. had been present,
he would have voted in the affirmative.
IN SENATE,
Saturday, January 30, 1841.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the credentials of
the Hon. William C. RiVEs,eleeted by the General
Assembly of the State of Virginia a Senator from
that State for six years from the 4th of March,
1839; which was read.
Mr. RIVES then appeared, was qualified, and
took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. KNIGHT presented the credentials of the
Hon. James F. Simmons, elected by the Legisla-
ture of the State of Rhode Island a Senator from
that State for six years from the 4th of March next;
which were read, and ordered to be placed on file.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted a message
from the President of the United States, showing the
necessity of a further appropriation for the comple-
tion of the preparatory survey and exploration of
the Northeastern boundary of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, with a statement of the appropriations for
naval service during the year 1840; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUGGLES presented the memorial of citi-
zens of Maine, remonstrating against the repeal of
the fishing bounties; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. MOUTON presented the memorial of E.
Gonon, praying the adoption of a system of tele-
graphs to be established between the cities of
Washington an.l New York-, which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ALLEN, in pursuance of previous notice,
a^ked and obtained leave to introduce a bilito con-
tinue in force the first section of an act entitled
"An act to extend the time for locating Virginia
military laud warrants, and returning surveys
thereon to the General Land Office, approved July
7, 1838; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, it was ordered that
Christian Orandorf tavc leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred a bill to amend
aa act entitled an act to grant certain relinquished
and unappropriated lands to the State of Alabama,
for the purpose of improving the navigation of the
Tennesse , Coosa, Catiawba, and Black Warrior
rivers, approved May 23,1828, and the several
acts supplementary and amendatory thereto; re-
ported the same wiihout amendment.
The bill for the relief Juan Belgar; and
The bill for the relief of the legal heirs and re-
presentatives of William Conway, were severally
considered as in committee of the whole, and after
being amended, on motion by Mr. MOUTON,
were ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Th<? joint icsolution for the relief of Langtree
and O'Sultivan was taken up, and was advocated
by Messrs. TAPPAN and PRESTON, and op-
posed by Messrs. CLAY of Alabama and SEVIER;
but without coming to any conclusion^hereon—
On motion of Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the Se-
nate proceeded to the consideration of the special
order—
PERMANENT PROSPECTIVE PREEMPTION LAW.
The bill to establish a permanent prospective
pre-emption system, in favor of settlers on the pub-
lic lands who shall inhabit and^ultivate the same,
and raise a log-cabin thereonflfc7as taken up, the
question being on the motion of Mr. CaiTTENaiaf
to recommit the bill with instructions to report a
