136
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
through the year as well as he ci.nlJ.   Such chaigs,
therefore, were unfair and unjust.
As a matter of justice to the Secretary, Mr. V.
read the following extract from the annual report,
to show that the attention of Congress hid !>ec-n
again called to the matter at the commencement of
the present session:
"It will be observed, however, that though, un
der either of these arrangements, enough might be
obtained within the whole of 1841 for the objects
contemplated, yet not a due or sufficient proportion
in the first quarter; because by that time ¿11 the
measures are not likely to go into full operation,
nor much of the anticipated increase to happen in
the actual receipts of duties under existing hws.
Unusually heavy expenses will also fall on that
quarter in the next year. In addition to a full por-
tion of most of the current expenses, and the
whole pension payments for the first half of the
year, aisd one-thiid of a million, or more, for all
the annual fishing bounties, there will be imposed
on it most of ¡fee charges for the whole year con-
nected with the session of Congress and private
bills, as well as large payments for taking the cen-
sus, and far the first instalment of the debt of tins
District; several of them as early even as the first
day of January.
"Prom these circums'ances, and the considera-
tions that all which is due from the banks may not
be fren paid, and that the balance m the Treasury,
under the policy adopted by Congress of late years,
will of necessity be small, while the iiuctiiation?.
and inequalities are very great betv/et n the ¡ecoipts
and expenditnres in different poitions of the year,
to which we arc constantly exposed from causes
that have on former occasions been explained at
length, it must be obvious that entire safety re-
quires a conditional power to be seasonably confer-
red on the Executive to obtain at any time within
1841 such subsidiary means as may be needed for
a few months, and as may be sufficient to enable
the Treasury punctually to discharge, during that
year, all the liabilities imposed by Contivss."
How, then, could Ihe «rentlemaii say that no inti-
mation had been given that ihe Treasury wo.ild ¡e
quire relief?
Mr. V. ihen pr< ceeded to notice the cl'-nog in-
consistencies of ihotc member-, of tl:e Oppoiinon
who,bad spoken on the bill. One contended that
the amount asked for was extravagant, while
another would contend that it was not enoi:gb.
What answer could be given when men inconsis-
tencies were exhibited—when hot and cold were
blown in the same breath.
After some further remalles on this head, Mr.
V. observed that a gentleman from Teunes-.ee had
pronounced the Administration as a "niggardly"
Administiahon. Also, that the Admmivtra'ion
coming into power wjs the first one thai had to de-
pend on the Administration go,ng out for ¡h su-le-
nance duriiij  the yfar. A, ior the charge of born,,;
"'niggardly," said Mr. V. wo rri too deeply im-
pressed with thu wants of tho coming Ad-
mifii-¡ration to be niggardly. But ho.vrvcr
large might be the sum impropriated, it
w..itld not be near milietc'i to' raihfy the
swarm of lean, lank, ravenous oAneetaut , -tlu
were hastening onwards. But although it was es
senttal that a supply to the coming Administration
should be made with liberality, yet it would not do
to act with prodigality. When young men come
into possession of their er-ta'es, it was proper that
they should be restrained in ihe spending of (heir
money at first, otherwise they would rut into ex-
travagant expenditures, winch would soon prove
ruinous.
So, while some gentlemen were denouncing the
present Administration for extravagance, here was
the gentleman from Tennessee complaining that
the appropriations were "niggardly." It was a
great pity, observed Mr. V. that" the gentlemen did
not take the precaution to examine e.ich o her'v
brief , before they comment? d the attack, and were
cnilty of such discrepancies, and paliied them
upon the House.
The great end aimed at by all was to show there
was a great debí, although they all travelled by
different roads to attain that end. He (Mr. V.)
was at first embarrassed to know what could be the
object of those gentlemen, in their great anxiety to
show the exuer.ee of a debt. But he generally
f'.und it the esse that our wishes go hand ia hand
w'th our ansiet'es; and he now saw clearly the ob-
jects iJmed at in the attempt to prove ths existence
©fa debt, v.z: a National Built, and an extra ses-
sion. Gentlemen we'l knew that they could never
"uec;ed in establishing a Nation?,! Bank, unless
Govtrnment should put its shoulder to the wheel;
so there must be a nation?.! s/.ockholdet and a na-
tional debt.
As for expecting to fill up the cap'tal of such an
institution from the capitalists of the United States,
¡f was fallacious.    Tne distress in the money mar-
ket forbade the idea.    Where was the capital to be
procured?    Would foreign capitalist  come  for-
I    ward? No: for the suspensions, the revulsions, a"d
reverses, presented a spectacle that would destroy
the confidence of such men.   Besides, what in-
ducement could fo:e;gn capitalists have to invest
n the stocks of an institution under the control of
irresponsible individuals, when they could purchase
stocks of the States, where the faith of the States
was pledged for their redemption.
Cut if Vr.ny could get a national debt, and a char -
I   ter for a Nalional Bank from Congress,  the  diffi-
i   cully would be at an end.    Here- was the grand
ecret.
In the course of his remarks, Mr.  V.  observed
tort it had been gravely determined than an extra
session must be called.    The dominant party'could
not w.iit thp dee  "jur?e of lime before  tbry c^e
I    i:¡! i f-e Mil! fntil or. of their power, bin ill   the vi-
i  ;,oris whic>, f r ¡h" last six  or eight  m ';"b', had
i   I  en d ¡nemg beioie mem, mu-.t be tp&hzvd wnhont
de-lav.    The sub-Tivasury liw '.vas to be repealed,
and the money of the people taken from uniler the
power of the law and place:! under the control of
the dominant party.
After adverting to the warnings of Mr. Wise
on the subject of calling an extra session, Mr. V.
observed that if he were acting merely as a party
iii-n, he c u'd desire no'liii!-^ b-tter than an ex'ra
«-■«ion, for nn'h'r-B cou'd be more adverse tota-
p5rtyco">ipg le-'.o p"'vir. He t1,en proceeded to
s'iov" wl.o.t 'bey would have to erprct from the
¡V-..'i'pri >>'', '-'.'ho woidd be by far more numerous
than th; ejipr.lnied. AS-o how pyndeman would
b* compelled to ¡-how tb«dr h nds, for then they
could no longer piny G: nya! i.lum. To callan
extra session some five or six week.- altor Geneial
Harrison had been summoned from his log cabin
into a palace, would be to that party an event, by
no means pleasant in its consequences.
Mr. V. then showed how the non-committalLm
of General Harrison previous to his election could
then be kept up no longer. He asked how could
it be expected 'hat the oToithein Whig who hr d
voted for Hairiíon ros a friend to Abolhion, woof!
ag'ce with the Southern Whig who had vr ted for
hm under a contrary f.nprcsii' n.
Rut now itdil rotpppear tch  understood by the
j    O .pc'thm, what the principles of General Harri-
i     (iiivrv'i' g"nl!enien of the same kid-icy v.ere
ai1 q'tr.r¡e!liti'r oi the ¡mhj'C'.
After some other remtrk-i, Mr. V. went en to
sik.vi-.iae some ef !he groin.d.-. that gent'em.?n of the
Opposition h?.d taken to prove that the Government
was in debt.
The gentleman from New York [Tvfr. "Bah-
NAi!r>] had assumed a position that the amount
of indebtedness was forty tnildors; oth r gentle-
men had each come fo different conclusions.
iiow he (Mr. V) could not account for such
stwnge incontiitencies, other than by supposing
he exigence of an hallucination of mind on
this subject. He trusted, however, to show, that
this debt had no other foun<'a!ion than in the ima-
gination of those gentlcnrn. But he started wiih
this proposition, viz. that it was not enon.«h to
show we owed a national debt, but that a debt was
chargeable upon the rear for which they now pro-
posed to make provision.
In December, 1841, the Opposition would
have the whole Government in their possession,
with all its resources, and then they would be able
to make provision for themselves. But until then
i! was the duty of the present Administration, to
make suitable provision.   Tiiat was a duty they
owed to the country.
Now, if the items referred to by gentlemen as
composing the debt, were not chargeable in 1841,
why then ;.as it not preposterous to ask the present
Administration to make provision for d«bts not yet
due?
Mr. V. then went into an examination of the va-
rious items by which Mr. Barnard had contrived
to malte out his imaginary debí of forty millions. I
rrgret to ;ay, eatd Mr. V. that my colleague is a
much befer poet than ariihmetician; but let us tee
how he undertakes to make out a debt of forty mil-
lions chargeable upon the year 1841.
In the first place, that gentleman bad charged
the «hole pm.cipal of the debt assumed by Con-
gress for the District of Columbia to certain citizens
abroad, amounting to one million and a half of
dollars. Now, what did the Secretary say on this
subject:
"Cut it will be recollected that Congress, by an
act parsed in May, 1836, engaged, under special
conditions, to m?.ke payment of a debt due from the
cities of ihe District of Columbia to certain indivi-
duals abroad.
"The principal amounted to $1,500,000, and was
to ht paid in yearly instalments of $00,000 each,
beginning the "1st of January, 1841. But the in-
terest was payable quarterly, and, during the last
four years, has been regularly discharged by the
Treasury.
"Within the present year,notice han been received
frori Co? aiento: the cs editors that payment of the
iir-t and subsequent ins:a!mjnis of the principal is
(¡osired to üc made, vh-.u due, with punctuality.
To insure a compliance with that wish, it will be
necessaiy, besides meeting the interest quarterly, to
advance §60,000 of thj principal at the commence-
ment of the ensuing year; and the residue must be
paid, in like amounts, annually hereafter, till the
whole is discharged."
Now here it appeared that but fjGO.000, with the
interest, wou'd be required for the present year for
that debt, an'1, yet the .•entlorof.n irom New York
had set down the whole sum, viz: araiuionantZa half,
as chargeable upon this year.
This was ihe first ?p.-cim;n, "lid he wculd show
that it was the same thioughout the whole esti-
mate?.
Mr. V. then, at greatleng'b, went into an exami-
nation of other items, on v.h:ch Mr. Barnard had
relied to make out his debt of forty millions, all of
which he showed were wilhout foundation.
He then, with keen sarcasm, replied to the loose
charges mi.oc by Messr=\ Eixl, Thompson, Evans,
and others agr.inst the Secretary of the Treasury;
and having concluded his remarks,
Mr. TRIPLET? then obtained the floor.
A motion was made that the committee rise,
which prevaiie-!; and the committee rose, reported
progress, and asked le^ve to sit again.
RJr. FILLMORE submitted die following, which
he desired might ben-ad for information:
Whereas, tha bill of'lht House, (No 298,) enti-
tled "An act lo autlxr zc ihe issuing of Treasury
notes," was taken up in Committee of the "While
House on the sute of ihe Union, on the 18th day
of January li.r, and has been made under discus-
sion to this time:
And whereas, much of the indispensable public
busineis is yet tobe acted on; therefore,
Ussohei, That said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of said bill, from,
and after the 2d day of February inst. at 3 o'clock,
p. m. unless the same shall be reported to the
Housa before that time; and that said bill, with
tuah amendments, if any, as shall have been
adopted m said committee, shall be thentak«n up
in the House, and be the special oider until finally
disposed of; reserving to said committee the right,
according to the rules of the House, to report the
same sooner if the discussion shall terminate.
Objection being made to the reception to the re-
solution,
Mr. FILLMORE moved a suspension of the
rulei.
The SPEAKER informed Mr. Fiixmoee that,
as his resolution had reference to the disposition of
the special order, which was the subject actuall
