138
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
such manner as the Legislature of said States may respectively
appoint
Sec 5 And be it further enacted, That all lands of the Un ved
States within iht limits of the State of Tennessee, with the ex
ceptions enumerated in the first section of this act, shall be, and
the same are hereby, ceded to said State
Sec 6 Andbe it fut the) enartrd, That the sixty five per
cent of the proceeds of the sales, hereby seemed to he paid to
the United States, shall be set apart and exclusively applied to
the gradual increase oí the navy, and the erection oi such forti
fications foi the general defence ot the country, as Congress
may by law hereafter order and dnect
Mr. HUBBARD, who was entitled to the fbor,
spoke at much lenglh m opposition to the amend
ment of Mr. Criitekden a.id the distribution po-
l'cy.
Mr H. was followed in the debate by Messrs.
CALHOUN, WEBSTER, BENTON, CLAY ot
Alabama, PIERCE, HENDERSON, RIVE;.
ROANE, PORTER, and CRITrENDEN Messrs.
PIERCE and ROANE s ated ihat they would vote
for Mr Young';, amendment merely because they
preferred it to tuat of Mr Chittenden, out that
they were oppos«d to the passage of either of tbem.
The question was then taken on Mr. Yousg's
amendment, and it was decided in the negative—
ayes 20, noei 31, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Anderson, Benton, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Kme Linn,
Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas, Nicholson, Novell,
Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Saner, Tappan, Walker,
and Young—20
NAYS—We«srs Bates, Bjyard, Buchanan, Clay
of Kentucky, Ciavto , Crittenden, Dixon, Graham,
Hendersoi, Hubbard, Himlmton, Ker, Knight,
Mangum, Merrick, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Pres
ton, Rive>, Ruggles, Sm th of Connec icut, Sm th
of Indiana, Southard, Sturgeon, Tallmarige, Wall,
Webster, White, Williams, and Wright—31.
The question was then taken on Mr. Ckiiten-
den's motion to íecomtnit with instructions, and
decided in the negative—ayes 22, nays 29, as, fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messr. Bates, Bayard, Buchanan, Clay
of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Diwn, Gia-
ham, Huntington, Ker, Knight, Mangum, Merrick,
Poelps, Prentiss Ruggle*, Smith of Indiana, South'
ard, Sturgeon, Tallmadgc, Webster, and White—
22.
NAYS—Me«sr , Allen, Anderson, Benton, Cal-
houn, Clay s>f Alabama, Fulton, Henderson, Hub-
bard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas,
Nicholson, Noiv<.ll, Pierce, Porter, Preston, Rives,
Raaup, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Tappan, Walk.r, Wall, Williams, Wn¿ht, and
Young—29
The question was then taken on the passage of
the bill, and decided m ihe affirmative—ayes 31,
nays 19, as follow
YEA3—Messrs Allen, Anderson, Benton, Bucha-
nan, Clay ot Alabama Fti'tun, Henderson Hub-
bard, King, Lmn, Lu/ipLn, Mouton, Nicholas,
Nicholson, Norvell, Pieice, Poner, Robinson,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith ot Indiana,
Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker, Wall,
Webster, White, Williams, Wright, and Young—
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Calhoun, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Graham,
Huntington, Ker, Knight, Mangum, Merrick,
Phelps, Prentiss, Proton, Rives, Roane, Ruggles,
and Southard—19
So the bill was passed, and ordered to be sent to
the House for concurrence
Mr. CRITTENDEN then moved that the Se-
nate take up the bill to establish a uniiorm system
of bankruptcy.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had voted against the
bankrupt bill at the last <es-ion, and might proba-
bly feel compelled to do so at the present, never-
theless, it the friends of the measure insisted on its
being taken up, he would interpose no obstacle in
their way. Bat we were no w within four weeKs
of the termination of the session, the bankrupt bill
would give rise to an extendud discussion,
and it could not b" passed in time to tive it
the least chance o pas;  ng in trie other House.
He therefore appealed (o the fnend> of the
bill whether it was proper to set aside all tne
pressing business of the session m ord-i  o discuss a
measure which there was no probab lay of passing,
or whether it would not be better to postpone the
consideiation of the bankiupt bill until the spe-
cial session, which it was generally understood was
to be called, and to devote themselves to the con-
sideration and perfecting of the msny bills now on
their calendar, and to pass those measures which
the public exigencies demand *d
Mr. CALHOUN here moved an adjournment,
and after some discussion, the motion prevailed.
And the Sena'e adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tof'day, February 2, 1841
Mr SERGEANT asked the permi«s'on of the
House to present th" resolutions of the Legislature
of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania relative to
the public lands and the revenue of the United
States, and moved that they be laid upon the tabl«,
and printed
Mr FORNANCE moved'to amend the motion
by adding the following:
Resoiied, That the resolutions be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and that «aid com
mittee be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of revising the whole tariff. And further, that said
committee inquire whether it will be necessary to
increase the tariff in order to íaise sufficient reve-
nue to meet the probaWe expenses of Government
for the year 1841.
Mr JONES of Vnginia said that as the motion
cruld only be entertained by general consent, he
felt constrained to object, as thnre was ba-ine^s of
great importance now pending before the House
Mr SERGEANT inquired what disposition had
been made of the u solutions1
Tne SPEAKER r-Dhed that th y could only bs
received by general consent.
Mr. SERGEANT then moved to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER said there was aheady a motion
to Mispend the rules pending, for the purpose of re
eeiving th" resolution introduced on yesterday by
Mr FiLLMCRt., and that, when that question was
taken, then the motion of Mr Sergeant would be
in order.
Mi LINCOLN asked leave to present a resolu-
tion from tne Committe'on Public Lands, rescind-
ing the resolution of the House passed on the 16 h
rf January, authorizing the printing of tea thousand
ertia cop es of the annual report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office Mr L. said
he w-ts authorized by the committee to «ay that
their impression, at that time, was that the coloring
of the maps would cost but three cents each—m
all bufjtwo or three hundred dolían, that it was now
ascertained that the cos' of coloring would amount
to j>6 240.
'J he reso'u 'on was read as follow*
Revoked, That the reso'ution of the House, of
the 16th cf January last, directing the printing of
10,000 extra mips (f the annual report of the
Commissio íer of the General Land Ornee be ar-
rested in Us further execution,—so far that no
more maps maybe prirted undcr the resolution,
and no «more of the maps already printed, be colored
or painted
And, on the question being'taken, the resolution
was adopted
Mr. riLLMORE owed that the following re-
solutron, offered by him on yes'erday, be now taken
up
Whereas, the bill oí this House, (No. 298,) en-
titled "An act to au hon/s the issuing of Treasury
notes," was taiei up m Commi'tee of tne Whole
Hou^-e on the state of the Union, on the 18th day
of Januaiy last, and has been made under discus-
sion to this time:
And whereas, much of the indispensable public
business i< yet to acted on; therefore,
Reiohei, That svd committee be discharged
from the further consideration oí said bill, from
and after the 3d day of February ins . at 3 o'clock,
p m. unless the same snail be reported to the
House befoie ¡hit time, and that said bill, with
such amendments, if any, as shall have been
adoptad m said committee, shall be men taken up
in the House, and be the special order until finally
disposed of, reserving to s*id committee the right,
according to the rules oí the House, to report the
same sooner if the discussion shall terminate.
The SPEAKER here stated that h<* had received
this resolution yesterday, under the impression that
it did not require a suspension of the rules to en.
tertain it; that upta more mature reflection he
found he had erred, and that it was necessary to
suspend the rule  to receive and act upon it.
Mr FILLMORE then moved a suspension of
the rules, and
The question was about being taken, when,
Mr. CRABB calM for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted—yeas 127, nays
40, as follows-
YEAS—Messr* Judson Allen, John W. Allen,
Andreas, Atherton, Banks, Blackwell, Boardman,
Bond, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Burke,
Sampson H. Butler, William O Butler, Carr, Car-
roll, Ca<*ey, Clark, Clifford, William R. Cooper,
Craig, Cranston, Crary, Crockett, Davee, Edward
Davies, John Davis, John W. Davis, Deberry,
Dickerson, Doan, Doe, Doig, Earl, Edstman,
Evans, Everett, FiUmore, Fine, Fisher, Galbraitb,
Gentry, Gerry, Gidding , Goggm, Goode, Griffin,
Gunnel!, Hall, Hand, Hawkins, Henry, Hill of
North Carolina, HiUen, Hopkins, Jackson, James,
Jameson, Charles Johnston, Joseph Johnson, Cave
Johns in, John W Jone--, Keim, Kemtele, Kemp-
shall, Kille, Lane, Leet, Leonard, Lincoln, Lowell,
Lucas, McCarty, McClellan, McClure, Meiedith
Mallory, Marchand, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell,
Montanya, Montgomery, Moo'e, Calvary Morns,
Morrow, Osborne, Palen, Parnsh, Parmenter,
Paynter, Peck, Frentiss, Promt, Randall, Randen,
Reed, Reyno ds, Ridgway, Edward Rogers, Jas.
Roger , Russell, Saltonstall, Samuels, Simonton,
Shde, Taomas S-nitb, Starkweather, Steenrod,
Strorg, Stuart, Sweney, Taliaferro, Pmlip F. Th~-
mas, Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson, To-
land, Turney, Underwood, Pe'er J. Wagner, Wat-
terson, Edward D Whi'e, Wick, Jared W Wil-
liams, Thomas W Williams, Henry Williams,
Joseph L Williams, and Christopher H. Wil-
liams—127.
NAYS—Messrs Adam?, Barnard, Beirne, Black,
Briggs, Broekway, Calhoun, Chittenden, Coles,
James Cooper, Crabb, Dawson, Dennis, Dellet,
Dromtjoole, Fornance, Gates, Graham, Green,
H¿b-r*ham, Hawes, Hubbard, Hunt, Jenifer,
King, Francs Mallory, Monroe, Morgan, Nisbet,
P'ckens, Rives, Sergeant, Shepard, Truman Smith,
SunVer, Triple , Warren, Weller, John White, and
Lewis Williams—40.
So the rules were suspended.
The que«tion was then taken on the resolution,
and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES moved that the House go into a
Commu'ec of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and resume the consideration of the special order.
Mr SERGEANT hoped that some dispositioa
would fir t be made of the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER again said that it required the
general consent of th" House.
Mr. SERGEANT then moved to suspend the
rules, and thereupon called for the yeas and nays,
but                        '
Mr JONES of'Virginia withdrawing his objec-
tion, ihey were nfct ordered
Thtz question was taken, and the resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania were ordered to he
upon (he tehjtl and be printed.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
The question was trien talen on the motion of
Mr JOMES, and decided m the affirmative.
So tire House resolved itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Upion, (Mr. Casey
m the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the^
bill authorizing the issue of five millions of dollars
m Treasurj notes
Mr. TRIPLE PT being entitled to the floor, was
about to commence his remarks, but gave way to
Mr. CURTIS, who submitted the following,
which he gave noUce he should, when it would be
in order to do so, move as an amendment to the
bill under consideration-
Section 2 Jindte xlfurther enacted, That when-
ever proof srall be exhibited, to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, of the loss or de-
struction of any Treasury note issued under the
authority of any act of Congress, it shall be law-
