CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
Galbraith, Garland,  Giddmgs, Hawkm=, Hill of
North Carolina, Holmes, Hopkins, Jackson, Jame'
son,   Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W
Jones, Kiim, Kille, Leadbetter, Leet,  Leonard
Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McClure, Marchsnd,
Medill,  Miller, Montanya, Samuel W.   Morn
Newhard, Parmenter, Paynter, Petrikin,  Prente'
Reynolds,   Ridgway, Rives, Edward Rogers, Sa>
muels, Shepard,    Albert Smith, Thomas Smith
Starkweather, S'eenrod,  Strong, Sumter, Swear-
ingen, Sweney,   Taylor, Philip F   Thomas, Ja-
cob Thompson, Tumev, Vroom, Weller, Jared W
Williams, Henry Williams, and Wise—81.
Mr. WISE rose to a point of order He said
that the House had, by a vote of two-thirds, adopt-
ed the resolution ot the gentleman from New York,
[Mr Fillmore,] and put it upon the journal To-
day a motion was made to reconsider the ieso!u-
tion. It was reconsidered, it was part of the ques-
tion before the House, and was subject to amend-
ment The Speaker decided that the gentleman
from New York had the right to withdraw 1'
The SPEAKER reminded Mr W. that he should
have made his po'nt of order before the vote was
declared
Mr. WISE said he was compelled to appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and gave notice that,
after the committee came into the House, hcyouid
present his point of order                               '
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
The House thes went into a Committee of the
Whole on the sfate of toe Union, and resumed the
consideration of the bill authorizing the issue of fiva
millions of dollars in Treasury notes
Mr WELLER being entitled to the floor, spoke
at some length in favor of the bill, and in reply to
the objections uigtd against it.
After explaining the circumstances under which
the Secretaiy of the Treasury asked for this tem-
porary aid, Mr W proceedsd to notice the falla-
cious arguments of the Opposition in attempting to
prove the existence of a national debt.
In the course of hi  remarks, Mr W. observed
that before the election, ihecry was that the Admi-
nistration «as "extravagant," and abuse without
end was poured out upon it Bot now the cry was
suddenly changed, and our ears weie a sail d by
the charge of "mean parsimony " By way of il-
lustration, Mr W al'udedtothe elaborate speech
of Mr Ogle in relation to the President's furniture,
which speech had furnished a theme for all the
small beer politicians in denouncing the Admmis
tration for extravagance Now, however, the
charge had been entirely reversed, and the Admi-
nistration, instead of being extravagant, was
abused for "mean, niggardly parsimony  
Mr. W then g'ive h>s views at some length on
the pre-emption bill, the d stribution, and gradua-
tion system, &c He afterwards commented upon
the conflicting conclusions to wh ch members of
the Oppos ticn had come, as io the measures pro-
per to be adopttd He contended that tnis waat of
unanimity was conclusive evidence that General
Harrison had not come out and ann unced himself
and his pontics. If that individual had, as was
contended, announced himself, how was it that his
supporters differed "o widely in their views' Mr
W. made some further remarks, which will be given
hereafter in full
Mr BRACKENRIDGE then took the floor in
opposition to the mode of relieving the Treasury by
the issue of the^e notes, and in favor of a loan.
He denied that it was the wish of the Whig party
to have an extra session of Congress Besides, that
did not come within their province. It «a  not for
them, to say whe her there should be an extra ses-
sion or not. That was the province of the Presi-
dent, and as Mr Van Buren had once called an
extra session, why should not General Harnssn, if
he saw fit, be allowed the same privilege? Bjt he,
Mr. B hoped there would be no reason for calling
au extra ss^sion It wi u'd all depend, however,
on the amount of means appropriated He consi
dered five millions as by far too little, and that at
¡east ten millions ought to be provided
Mr MONROE said, he would take up but fif
teen minutes of the time, inasmuch as he intended
to confine his remarks to the merits of the bill, in-
stead of discussing matters having no connection
with it. He had no doubt but that twenty millions
of dollars could be raised on Government bonds at
five per cent, m a short period But that would
not suit the views of the Administration, for they
had so great a repagnarce to aay tmng which bore
the appearance oí a deot
After some further ronaik  m favor of re leving
the Treasury by means of a loan, Mr M pro-
ceeded to define his position, ;>n 1, m t,e course cf
his remarks on that head, touched upon the tariff
question ard the compromise act He gave it as
his opinion that the Southern members could not
be brought to agree on anj b U for a tariff He
would venture to say that if he should g ve any
Southern man a week to pr pare a tariff bi 1, no
other St uthern man culd be fo>nd who *ould
agrse to it
A member here a ked Mr. M whether the
Northern members could agree
Mr MONROE said. >es t' cy could, and their
being able to agree was ovwng to their common
school system The education Noitbern men re-
ceived m their common schoo s, taught them com-
mon sense
Mr M was then proce^di^  in defining his por-
tion, when
Mr WISE asked him f he h d received his
practical education in tne com * on soi ool*
Mr MONROE said, no, for h" had remained
too long m the South to have jiucn pract cal edu-
cation
Mr WISE said he had ihe a'vant-ge over some,
for he was so fortunate as to ¿et his education m
the North
Mr MONROE sa d the gentleman from Vir-
ginia had the advantage of hin, it ne was so for-
tunate as to get an edueatior ^rj where
After so-ne farther remprk oi ahnmorou cha-
racter, Mr M. contended that il hoii«n therp might
be enough for lheprc>ent wit-, o' Government,
yet due considera ion oi phi to bt h d to tne siatc
of our army ai d navy It v. as xx ell kno vn that
we were not in a condition to meet a hostil1 f >rce,
and Congiess world not do us du \, unless it made
a suffieant app^opn itiO i for pL. n¿ the amy and
raw on a pr perfoo irg
Mr ALFt RD i grtttPt e nc Co íty foi his
r. mgio ta<ie pai in tie d b^te but wi en he saw
the conduct o h afnerus n.tt emrung to stamp the
coming Administraron with featuies it ought not to
bear, he could not remain silent m his seat. He
felt it his duty to rise and say a few words on the
ubject, because h<" d ff-red honestly from hi^
friend , and nad h s suspiciors as to the course they
thought proper to pursue "Ves, he would assure
them that he ever would act a-> an honest man, aid
they mght be as un d t jat, so ¡org as ill" patriotic
citizens of his State h3^ored 1 Jin with a seat on tu t
floor, he would =p ak out hi. sent men s, and, o
far ■is he was able, do then jus ice
Mr A said he re-ret ed th° r>trolu"icn of °o
many topics hav rg no m ¡mc of ¡u n ectum with
the bill, wn b he dil not ci e much wheth r it
passed o' no . Bat a? la^ viewud not turn the
scale eithf way, for the sakt of co^-a tency he
might give it agijjist the bill At ¡h~ same t me,
however, he mus' express his opinion that the pre
sent state of the Trea pry imperatively demanded
that something sho lid be don 
But he «ou'd repeat, ihat the bul before them
had been neany los t sight of in the debat , for no
sooner vv as unreduced, than the gentleman f/om
Ne*rr York [Mr Barnard] gave notice rf his in en-
üon, after  ovmg to "-trare ou the enacting clause,
to introduce an amendment laying a tax on foreign
wines, silks, an 1 other arti-les.
It was. to this fact that his attention had been
fixed, and his ieprs aroused Here weie suddenly
developed tne plan, of the hgb tai iff party of the
North, and a 1 the line spun aiguments m favor of
that dreadful system had been retailed on the floor,
no doubt long ago prepared ir toe closet, and
spun and woven the eltgrnt manufactures of the
North It v/as this cheme of a high tariff m dis-
guise, which he complained of, and he thought he
saw it at the first mov ment o. the genlleman from
New York, [Mr Barmaid ]
He, Mr A beneved that coming events cast
their shadows before, and he thought he could see
in this movement of the high tariff men of the
North, a design to build up the manufacturing in-
terests at the sacrifice of the rights of the South.
His friends must permit him to give his honest
opinions, for honest he would be in spite of any
man or apy party. No party ever had power to
crush his opinions
Mr A then proceeded to show that a tariff of
p'0 ec ion for the manufactures would not be the less
sensibly felt because it was sought to be introduced
under the plausible and specious pretence of a ta-
riff for raising revenue He beieved he could
foresee, under this p'au^ible pretext, a design to in-
troduce measures for a high tariff of protection,
and one of the most oppressive character that the
South could possibly bear.
Mr A then proceeded to argue that the attempts
of Mes r-, Barnard, Evans, Bell, and others, to
swell the expenditures of Go/ernment, were to fur.
nuh a pretext fur a high tariff The object of those
gentlemen was to make the expenditures of Go-
vernment as high as possible, that mere might be a
plausible pretext for a high tariff.
But why should the tariff question be agisted
before there is any uecey.it/ tor it? This, m his
op nion, was decidedly the woist feature in the
whole business Why d d gentlemen expend such
mighty labor m attempting to prove the existence
of an enoriaous debt, in order that the American
people might be persuaded that a high and mighty
tariff was neces ary'
The gentleman from New Yolk [Mr Barnard]
had attempted to prove the existence of a necessity
for forty millions, and that it will be necessary to
raise this forty milli ms by a tariff But he, Mr A.
would askihatgentleman,w íetherhe really believe!
himself m his own ca cula ion' Was the gentle-
man really in earnest' Was that a prober calcula-
tion for the econom cal administration of Geneial
Harrison' Th  compromi-c act declared that no
more tariff should be laid than was sufficient to
meet the necessities of Government, but here the
high tariff men were marking out an enormous Go-
vernment deot for the purpose of raising an al-
ia gbty tariff
In reply to i qu «t on from Mr W Thompson
Mr A said h°rondemrel trie pa>t extrwasance
of the piesent Administration, but now the election
had leen decided, he was no' ti e man n fight a
deadcoipst. He was sure his friends woud not
suspect him of not beipg friendly to G n ral Har-
rison I will (said Mr A ) sustain him to the
death, and do my duty to the South, notwithstand-
ing all he scowling of my Northern friend . Yes,
I will support Harnsoa I supported him when
he had but few other supporters, and I will
support him no.v Were I to do otherwise, it
woald be unjust and unkind towards iny coastitu-
ents, ti>osp noble fellows of Georgn, who took the
lead ard went ahead in this business
Af er oiyiefiirtrer re<nar!¡> of th'above nature
Mr a a'am adverted to the strange ca'culations
i f his Northern fr ends, who had attempted to
prove the existence of a great national debt as a
pretext for a huh tariff He begged them to make
their calcule tions over again, and see if they were
not a little mistaken.
It was his firm belief that there was no necessity
for any tar if at all at this time for raising revenue.
When?, then, was the cause for the labored ar-
cuments of gentlemen to show this necessity for
raising forty millions Was the necessity founded
in fact? No, it was not. The whole of it was
founded on the manufacturing interest of the North.
Was not that the real and plain truih? Had not
tne whole schemp, ard the aiguments, been span,
wore reeled, and dyed m the elegant manufacto-
ries of the North' Yes, they might depend
upon it, that this whole scheme of showing
an enormous debf, was of Northern manufacture.
The texture was beautiful, but he would warn his
Southern friends to take heed in time, and not suf-
fer themselves to be caught in its fine spun web.
A, for himself, they might rest assured tuat he
wou d never be forced into the ranks of the enemy.
Although he respected his Northern friends, and
gave them credit for honest motives, yet he could
not surrender his judgment in matters where he
clearly foresaw the interests of the South mast suf«
