142                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fer. He object was to stand up and to act for the
South, tbe fairest portion of thi world, which wa*
once blooming like the garden of Eden before its
fields were des'royed by the oppressive tariff law.
Mr. A. then went on to show that thn forty mil-
lions was wanted by the North for building their
lighthouses, harbcs, fortifications, etc. Not how-
ever that he was against a proper display of de-
fence, for he believed that the only way of pie
venting hostilities was t~> make a show of fight
He knew that from expenenje, for he had been
saved many a drubbing by aa apparent willingness
to fight.
Mr A. then alluded to a former speech on th 
Canadian border troub'es, and said that now, as
well as then, he would urge a proper dis-
play of determination on our part to repel
tbe aggression of the Bnti.h Jion. If we
did tba', there would be no fear, and if
ever the British lion of Ctneen V ctoria shovtUt
come roaring to the Fal's of Niasa^a, he would
thsre find the American Eagle sitting in majesty,
at the sight of winch, he would cast himself down
that mighty cataract, howling m despair.
Mr. A. agam repeated his warning to his fnends
of the South m relation to the tariff web, which
was thus weaving to catch them. They might de-
pend that this proposition for a tsnrT on wines and
silks at tins time was a íuinous thing.
Mr A. then proceeded lo contend that it was
perfectly just and reasonable to afford the present
Administration all thearsis'ance it required. As for
the calculations of gentlemen to f>M,w how much
was owing, they amounted to nothir  , foi their
could be no premises ( n wl-ich to found such cal-
culations. Tim? only could show how much was
owmar. The chairman of the Committee ot Ways
and Means had a«lted on'y for five millions, and
the Administration contended that this was all they
needed. But there w.is some difference between
this five nvllions, and ih> forty millio,is «ongh'to
be made out by thegpn leman liom New Yok [Mr
Barnard.]
He (Mr A ) must ba pe> milled to «-ay, that he
did believe this motement on the piirt of Ins
Northern friends, was all a hoax to t¡ rrsiall the
coming Administra'ion, and to •■ay that Van Buiea
went out of power with a debt of foity million , to
show the necessity for a high tariff.
The gentlenun from Tennessee [Mr Bert] had
contended that this forty millions rnnH be paid im-
itediately by a tax on wines and siik> Now the
honorable chairman of the Indian Committee
spoke like one having authority, yes, just as
it the robes of office were airea ty hanging
from bis shoulders. As to ih.it, he (Mr A )
had not Ihe smallest ohjuton, for he hoped
his friend would get an office And, continued
Mr. A all who aie in lavo1, ol that w II say "ay "
[laughter ] But according to the s'alement of lhat
gentleman, and that of the gentleman from New
York together, the amount tequned for the coming
Administration was swelled to a hundred and twenty
miliums' Great God1 «aid Mr. A. what t slate of
things' and all to show the necessity of a mighty
tariff.
He then proceeded to express hi  opinion that
this description of things had leen meaningly and
purposely brought about by the gentleman fiom
New York; there could bp no quistion of it. He
called on his co'leaguts from Georgia now lo re-
member what he had told them, when this pioposi-
tion of the gentleman [Mr. Barnard] was first in-
troduced. He had told them that this would open
the discussion, and what would be the consequences
of it.
After some further remark ,Mr A drtw p glow-
ing picture a? ¡o what must be the consequences of
this tariff measure to the South Heie was a sum
of a hundred and twenty millions sought to be
proved as required by the coming Adminr-traiion,
and the means of raising ,t was to place a tax upon
luxuries. He appealed lo tr.e tarff men of 1828,
who laid a tax upon tbe poor man's salt, hi> sugar
and molasses, and who ground hi* cons ltuents in'o
the dust, as to whether they weie now sincere in
their proposition to tax luxuries. If tn y were now
sincere, he would go with them m what was right;
but he muit tell them that he looked upon them
with a «u^p cious eye.
After giving his views in detail on thi policy
pursued towards towards the South in relaiion to
the tariff, Mr. A. said that it was not his intention
to exempt silk from taxation, but this was the
wrong time; it was bad policy to introduce the sub-
ject now.
The movers m this matter knew vpry well ihat
the scheme could not be pushed through at the pre-
sent fession, and if it could, it would not afford re-
lief in time What then was ths object? Why
it w« to forestall public opinion—to show the
overwhelming Heces ity of a high tariff, and lo
bring it down upon them at the called session.
This was true a? Holy Writ.
Mr. A proceeded to argue that the proper course
wou'd be to leave the tariff quemón until the regular
session of Congress, when the people of the South
would com" up to it like men, andebject to no
reasonable plan for raising revenu to meet the
wants of the Government.
He then referred to the plan for a distubu'ion of
the public lands, and mamwmed ihat it was only a
gilded bait. It was a pl?n to abstract som<; mil-
lions from the revenue. It was a secret pulling of
tba vnres by the tariff men be'ore General Harri-
son came into power.
As to the wanis of Government, it was his opi-
nion that the present duties en imports would be
amply 'ufticient to meet the wants of the erra ng
Adint usir.ilior, fot the election of Harrison had
infused life 2nd confidence every where, and from
all appeararces there would b  no lack of m^ns
Aftei .adverting to several other topics, Mr. A.
concluded by warning his friends a?sin«t a called
session He ntmnded ihem ,hat a called s-e sion
was the cause of the downfall of Mr Van Buren,
and he feared such a course woald have the tame
effect on the fortune of General Harrison.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, February 4, 1^41.
The VICE PRESIDENT pre en'ed a co.nmum-
cation from the Secretary <~t th  Treasury, in reply
to a resolution of the Senate requiring a plan tf
home valuation on goods impoited, in lead of va-
luation in foieign countries, which w as ordered to
b  punted.
Mr ALLEN presented the pet tion if forty-two
cm/ens of Brown county, Oho, praying ihe r as
sace of a bankrupt law, including bank?, which
was laid on the table.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented a communei'ion
from the Secretary of the Treasury, exhibiting the
exports and impoils of sugar during the vear end-
i-g tbe 30th September, 1840, vhith was laid on
th- table, and oidered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky p>e enled a memorial
fiom eit /ens nf Camden, Scuih Caro'ina, praying
ihe passage of a geneie.1 b in^rupt h.n, which was
laid on the table, and oidered to be printed.
Mr. TALLMADGS presenlel a memorial of
G.-n. Edmund P. Games-, submitting a sjsteca of
national defence, which was íeferred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. T. also presented a memorial of citizens of
Albany, remonstiatmg against the passage of the
bankrupt bill, which was laid en the table.
Mr MOUTON, from the Committee on Private
Lauu Claims, reported a bill confirming the claim
of the heirs of Antonio Gras 'o a tract of la„d in
Louisiana, uh'ch was read, and ordtred to a second
reading.
Mr. PRENTISS, from ihe Committee on Pen-
sions, repoi'ed a bill for the renef of Thankful
Reynolds, which was lead, and ordeied to a se-
cond reaiing.
Mr LINN, ñem the Committee on Pr va'e
Land Claims, to wmch was referred the bill grant
it g a pre emption right to Pnoch Evans, reported
the sirne without amendment.
I Mr. KING, in pursuance of previous notice,
I asked and obtained leave to introduduee a bill to
authorize Alexander Pope to introduce materials
for three iron steamboat* free of dut , which was
read twice, and referred to toe Coramittee on Fi-
nance.
Mr WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval
I Affairs, to which was referred the communication
I of the Secrotary of the Treasury on the subject of
American water rotted hemp, reported a joint re-
' solution on the subject, which wa¿> read, and ordered
a to second reading
1     Mr. ANDERSON gave notice that to-morrow
i  he would ask leave to introduce a bill for tne relief
i  of Langt^ee and Jenkins.
The b 11 for the relief of John MacNcil -was read
a third time and passed.
On mo'ion by Mr. KING, the memorial of
Samuel H. Thompson, now on file, was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affa'rs.
I      The CHAI then announced tha gen«ral orders.
Mr. STTJREON asised that they nvght be post-
poned, for the urpose of taking up the bill for the
relief of Eliza Causm, daughter and heir of John
H. Stone, decea ed.
Mr RUGGLSS moved that all the orders be
postponed, for lb.'' purpose of taking up the bill for
the better security of the l'ves of passengers on
board of vessels p^pelled in whole or in part by
steam
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped that neither of these
blUs would be taken up, but ihat th°y would go at
once into the con ¡deration of the bankrupt bill.
Mr. KING said he did not ihmk it was in order
to take up a special order ontil 1 o'clock. He re-
gretted that so much of the time of the Senate was
con*umed in mo'ions to give prefeience to some
bil!", and take them out of their places on the ca
l lendar. He heped the Senate would proceed to
the consideration of the general orders as they stood
on the calendai
The question was then taken on the motion of
STURGEON, and lost.
Th<5 Chair then again resumed ths general
orders
Mr. RUGGLES asked that the question might
be taken on his motion, which was done, and it
was nega'ivcd.
The general erdeis were then taken t>p, and the
bill for ih.p relief Rejn-11 Coates and Walter R.
1 Johnson was considered as m  committee of the
whole.
Mr. WILLIAMS, after explaining tha merits of
■i  the bill, offered an  amendment for the relief of
William McMurine.
Mr. KING opposed the amendment, and it was
1  lo t.
Mr. RING then moved to amend by striking out
tbe amount charged for ou'fits-, which was agreed
lo, and the bill, as amended ordered to be engrossed
lor a third reading
CHARTER OP WASHINGTON.
Mr. MERRICK, ñ im tne Committee on the
District of Columbia, to which was referred the bill
to amend an 1 continue in fore me act to incorpo-
rate the inhabitant   of the city  of Washington,
I reported the same with ths following ainendmen'.
Stake out ail afte.. the enacting clause, and in-
sert—
| That the act entitled "An act to incorporate the
inhabitants of the c ty of Washington, in the Dis-
i Inct of Columbia," approved May tne filteentb,
one thousand eight hundre 1 and twenty, and the
act entitled "An act supplementary to the act to in-
corporate the inhabitants of the city of Washing-
ton," passed the twenty-sixih of May, ore thousand
eight hundred and twenty-four, be, and the  same
i are hereby, continued in force for the period of
twenty years from the passage of ihis act, except
so far as the same may oe inconsistent with, or re-
pealed by, the fol owm  provisions, or by any act
hereafter to be passed by Congress.
1 Sfc 2. And be it enue'ed, That the President of
the United States be, and be is hereby, authored
and required, wnhm two months from the passage
ot this act, to select and appoint three discreet and
1 sensible men, inhabitants ot said city of Washing-
i ton, as commi'sioneis, whose duty it shall be to lay
off and divide said city into six wards, msuch man-
| ner, and with such bounds and limits, as to secure
to each ward, as near as may be, an equal number
1 of lnhabitaats, and as may be otherwise most con-
venient to the inhabitants of said city. The said
commissioners to have the said wards plainly and
distinctly maraed and designated upon a plat of
sa.d city, which they are to have prepared for the
