Í44
one; and that that one might bs incorrigible.
But were they prepared to go farther than to say
that the deb lor should be discharged, when hese.
cared the good will of his creditors in number and
vain- ? If he could not procure the consent of a
majority, equity would appear to be strong en the
side of the creditors. He, however, only rose to
suggest a modification of the amendment, which he
wished the Senator from Mi sonri to adopt.
Mr. B3NTON accepted the modification.
Mr. MERRICK was in favor of the,exercise of
the power which Congress possessed to pass an uni-
form bankrupt iaw, but there were now but about
three weeks remaining of the session, and there-
fore, whatever labor they might undenake in re-
rerencs to this bill, it would do no good, for the
measure could not be matured. If the bill passed
the Senate it could not pass the other branch of
Congress, and therefore he looked upon the time
which would be consumed ia a discussion upon
this bill as so much valuabla time lost, to the ob-
struction of other measures which might be ma-
tured and passed. He had, therefore, risen to
move—and he did it in no spirit of hostility to the
bankrupt bill, but to avoid an unnecessary, con-
sumption of time—that the whole subject be laid
on the table.
Mr. MORVELL called for the ayes and noes
thereon.
Mr. WEIGHT suggested a change of the mr-
tion to one of indefinite postponement. But if the
Senator from Maryland petsi ted in hi* motion, he
should desire permission to say a few words in ex-
planation of the vote he should give, and other
Senators mieht desire the same privilege.
Mr. MERRICK withdrew his motion, (o m.jot
the wishes of the Senator from Ntw York,
i, Mr. WRIGHT then explained that he should
vote for an ind-.finite postponement, because there
was no reasonable hope that they could pa s a
bankrupt bill during the present session; thete wa<
not time to do so, for he knew that some days
would be required before they coul 1 come to a
conclusion upon it in tfr's body. When the bill
was before them last year, he labored to make it
as perfect as the Sena": would consent ihat it
should bf, nnd his duty to himself would require
that he should try again 10 make it Mill ra re per-
fect; bat at tins period of the session ho would pre-
fer an indefinite postponement.
Mr. WHITE, after a few words respecting the
near approach of the close of the session, and the
paucity of business yet received from the other
branch of Congress, said he felt inclined to vote
for the motion of the Senator frem Maryland,
[Mr. Merrick] but he should prefer a postpone-
ment to a day certain.
Mr. SEVIER hoped the Sánale would do one
of two things; either lay in  bill on the mble or go
on with it on its merits. Taey were then wasting
their time with a dbcussion abmt what motion
should be made.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky hoped the Senate would
go on with the bill, 3nd discharge its duty to the
country, without reference to the other branch of
Congress.
Mr. PRESTON did not think the bill could pass;
it should not pass by his vote, for he should go
against it. There was now much anxiety in the
country respecting this measure, and, if it were
postponed indefinitely, that agitation would con-
tinue. He was ready to vote against the bill; but,
as several gentlemen were anxious to take the vote
upon it, he hoped it would be such a vote as would
quiet the matter with the public.
Mr. BUCHANAN could not, as at present ad-
vised, vote for the bill. A few days ago he bad
said he was willing to give it a fair trial, and he
was not prepared, at the present stage, to rote for
laying it on the table; he could wait a day or two,
but he bad not the most distant expectation that it
would be passed. In the course of a day or two,
he thought the friends of the bill would be satisfied
it could not pass, and, thererore, he would suffer
them to go on.
Mr. MERRICK said, as there appeared to be a
diversiiy of opinion amongst Sen?tors, he would not
persist in bis motion.
Mr. BAYARD expressed himself to be opposed
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the bill, but he was not willing to vote to lay it
on the table.
The question was then taken on Mr. Benton's
motion as modified on the suggei'i'-n of Mr.
Wright, and negatived by the following vote—
ayes 18, noes 23.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Fulton, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,
Prentiss, R"ane, Robinson, Sev er, Smith of Con-
necticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wall, and Wright—
18
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Bates, Clay of Ala-
bama, Clay of Kemucky, Clayton, Crittenden,
Dixon, Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Knight,
Mangum, Merrick, Montón, Nicholas, Nicholson,
Norvcll, Porter, Preston, R:ves, Ruggles, Smith of
Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, Walker, Webster,
White and Williams—23.
Mr. HUBBARD then moved that the bill be
recommi'ted' to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with ins:ruetions to incorporate in it the follow-
ing provision, viz:
First. Pn.per and suitable provisions to em-
brace all banks tnd all other trading incorporations
in its prospective operation.
Second. Proper and suitable provisions to give
the creditors of every bankrupt an opportunity to
choose the assignee of the estate, and only autho-
rizing the judge to appoint, when the creditors
omit to do so:
Third Proper and suitable provisions to secure to
every bankrupt, when the commission of bank-
ruptcy issues upon the application of creditors, a
right to apply to the jud¡>e in concurrence with a
majority in number and intercut of his- creditors, to
supersede the commission, and to give authority to
the judge to grant the application.
Fourth. Proper and suitable provisions to au-
thorize the judge, or couit, in bankrupicy, in case
any bankrupt shall, pending the proceedings, offer
a composition to his creditors which shall be ac-
cepted by three-fourths in amount of them, to
compel the acceptance of the composition by the
remaining fourth m amount of the creditors, or ra-
ther to accept it for them, and discharge him.
Fifth. To strike out from the bill all provisions
which secure preferences to any class of creditors
in any one State, which a>a not equally preferred
by the Uwsof all the States, and all voluntary pre-
ferences by the bankrupt in all cases.
Sixth. Proper and suitable provisions to pun-
ish, a? felony, any intentional concealment, or
withholding of any part of his assets from his as-
signees by any bankrupt, or the conniving at any
fictitious claims against his estate.
Mr. WALKER thought the course of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire a most extraordinary
one. While professing he has no intention to de-
lay action on this bill, he submits a motion, which,
if successful, will most effectually produce that re-
suit. Did not every Senator knnw that a recom-
mitment of this bill must inevitably postpone the
"action of this body upon it until so late a period
that will place it beyond the reach of the ac ion of
the House1! Why not propose these amend-
ments separately, and have a vote taken upon
them? In the present position of the ques-
tion, the friends of some of the provisions
proposed by the Senator from New Hampshire
were embarrassed. He himself was in favor of
the atcendnsent proposing to include banks
in the provisions of the bill. He had voted for it
last session and he would again vote for if; but if
the friends of the banks were in a majority on this
floor, and refused to subject them to the operations
of this ¡aw, he was not willing that his constitu-
ents should be deprived of the benefits of the bill
on that account. He should vote against re-
commitment as endangering the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HUBBARD said he had not made the mo-
tion to delay the bill, but because after mature re-
flection, he though the provisions he had submitted
should be incorporated in any bill passed by Con-
gress on the subject of bankruptcy, and he thought
it was not possible there was a majority in that
body who were opposed to the second of these pro-
posed amendments—that of giving the creditors a
voice in the selection of the assignee of the bank-
rupt. He could have proposed these amendments
separately, bat was of opinion that a recommittal
of the bill was the shortest mode of accomplishing
bis purpose.
Mr. CLAY of  Alabama  said he   was   also
oppo:ed  to   the  recommitment    of   the   bill- as
unnecessarily   ¿elajing   the   action   of   the   Se-
nate upon it.    He was in favor of some   of the
provisions  proposed   by the Senator from New
Hampshire, but he  was most decidedly'opposed
to  that   designated  by  the   Senator   from   Mis-
sissippi.     He    would    never   consent   that   his
State, or the ins'ítuüons of his State, should be
placed under a commission of bankruptcy.   He      i
was opposed to the bill in  its present shape, and       j
would vote against it, bat was   willing that its    ' j
friends should have il in their power to make such
amendments as might render it les objectionable to
him and those who thought with bim.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he hoped the friends
of the bill would vote, not talk. He need not remind
them that to delay its passage by debate would as
inevitably defeat it as if there was an express vote     |
of the Senate to Ihat effect.                                           \
Mr. CALHOUN said he should vote for recom-      I
mitment, but he was opposed to the proposition to
include incorporations.    He had spoken, and voted
against it at the last session, and he held the same
opinions now.
Mr. BENTON said he was in favor of recom-
mitment, and in favor of including incorporations.
He was in favor of it thirteen yeais since, when a
bankrupt bill was under consideration in this body,
and he had seen nothing since to induce him to
«hinge his opinion. He had then voted for it in com-
pany with about a dozen oiher Senators. Among
those who had voted in opposition to him was the
present President of the United States. That
distinguished gentleman has since char.sed
his opinion. The bank suspension of 1837,
which was so readily followed by every bank in the
Union, and its concomitant evils, had convinced
him of the necessity of bringing these institutions
under the operations of law. So late as Octob r of
last year, he had expressed his sentimen's on this
subject, in a letter, with a clearness and a candor
characteristic of the rran. He (Mr. Benton) would
read this, as better th.sn any thing he could say on
the subject; and he was sure it would be listened to
by the Senate with more pleasure than any remarks
of his own. Mr. Bestow then read an extract irom
th« letter of President Van Buren, in the following
words:
"It would constitute no objection with me if cor-
porations were, in a proper loim, embraced by the
provisions of such a bill. An attempt was made at
th>  close of the discussions on the bankrupt bill of
1827, in the Senate, to include banking corporations,
by inserting after the word b.mkers, in the descrip-
tion of th.3 persons who were made subject to the
provisions of the bill, the words "or any banking
incorporation." Assuming that the effect of this
amendment, if it prevailed, would be to rnaks the
members of such corporations liable, in their indi-
vidual capacities, to the penalties denouncd by
the law for acts, in respect to which their charters j
made them personally irresponsible, I opposed it as
an unsutbonzed interference wiih Slate laws. I
could not now approve a bill containing provisions
liable to such an objection. The disastrous slate of ,
things produced by the general suspension of specie
payments by the banks in 1837,presented forconside-
raticn, in a form whirh could not with propriety be;
disregarded, the question whether the power of Con-
gress over the subject of bankruptcy might not be
brought to bear upon these institutions in a man- I
ner which would stear clear of that difficalty. Upon j
a careful examination of the snbj'c.t, in all its bear- ■
itigs, I was induced to belipve that this might be
done in a form which, while it afforded relief to the
creditors of those institutions, and advanced the pub-
lic interests, would be neither liable to the objection
referred to, nor encroach in any oiher way upon the
rights of the States or transcend the authority of the
Federal Government. A provision in a bankrupt
law authorizing the bill holders and creditors of
all banks, after a specified delay in the payment of
their notes in specie, to institute proceedings to
cause their affairs to be wound up and their effects   -
