CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
Walter R. Johnson, was read  a third time and
passed
The bill for the relief of Joseph Paxson was taken
up on it> third rending,
And after a deba e, m wh ch Messrs YOUNG,
KING, and CALHOUN participated, it was read
a third time and passed.
Mr MERRICK then moved that the Senate
would postpone the orders of trie day, and take up
the joint resolution directing the transfer to the
State of Maryland of the stock m the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal, standing in the name of the Uni ed
States, upon certain conditiohs.
Mr. SEVIER hop^d the Senator would not press
the consideration of this resolution at the present
time. This devoting ths morning hour to favorite
measures to the exclusion of priva'e claims, over-
nding'all the bills on the calendar, was a prac-
tice to which be was not willing to submit.
Some time was consumed in repeatedly taktrg
the question in order to ascertain the sense of the
Senate, wh-n it \ias finslly determined m faror of
taking up the jorat resolution.
So tbe resolution was taken up and ccMdertd
as in committee oí the ti hoi-, and, arter a discis-
sion, in which Mes.ii MEBR'CK, CLAYTON,
HUBBARD, WRIGHT, YOUNG, TAPPAN,
SEVIER, PHELPS, HUNTINGTON, BAY-
ARD, BUCHANAN, KNIGHT, and CLAY of
Kentuckj, participated, it was amended so as to
make the consent of the cities of the District neees
sary to the tra-i'ftr of their respective poitionsof
the stock, and was then ordered ro be engrossed for
a third reading.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned until Mon-
day next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, February 5, 1841
After the journal had been read,
Mr LINCOLN submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution-
Whereas the bill of this House, (N >. 598,) en-
titled "An act to author ze the issuing if Treasuiy
notes," was taken up m the Committee it the
Whole House on the state of the Union on the 18th
day of January Ian, and has b^en under discussion
to th's time, and wheteas much of the indispensa-
ble public business is yet to be acted on, there-
fore,
Resolved, Tnat af er three o'cl ck to-day, ihe de-
bate on this bdl shall cease, and th- commit ee vhall
proceed .o vo'e on the va^iou  amendments sub-
mitted, and to be submitted, and 'hen iepirt Ihe
bill, with the am nInvents agreed to by ihe com-
mittee, to the House
Objection being made to the reeep ion of the reso-
lution,
Mr LINCOLN moved a suspens on of the ru'es,
and thereupon called foi the yeas and nays which
were ordered, aid vieie—jeas 112, nays 26, as fol-
low
YEAS—Messrs Judión Allen, John W. Al'en,
Andrews, Athert.cn, Banks, Baker, B.atty, Biück-
well, Brewster, B'ig'% Aaron V. Brown, Sampson
H. Butler, John Canpbell, William P Campbell,
Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Cuan, Clark,
Clifford, Connor, M->k A. Cooper, Wil'iam R
Cooper, Cranston, Crocket, Edward Davies, John
Davis, Deberry, D^ckerson, Doane, Earl, East-
man, Ely, Fine, Fi rer,Gdlbraith,GiddiPgs,Goode,
Gnnnell, Hand, Wniiam e? Hastings, John Hast-
ings, Hawes, Hawkins, Henry, Holt, Hopkns
Jackson, James, Jame'on, Chares Jonnston, Jo*.
Johnson, Cave Johnson John W Jones, KeraWe,
Kempshall, Kule,L et, Leonard, Lincoln, L well,
Lucas, McCartv, McCiei'an, McC.ure, Meredith
Mallory, Marchaid, Marvin, Mason, Miller, Mit-
chell, Montanyg, Mon'gomery, Moore, Morgan,
Calvary Morris, Morrow, Parmenter.Petrikm, Proi-
fit,Randall, Rinden, Reynolds, Rit'gway.Rives, Ed-
ward Rogers, Russell, Saltonsial), Samue's, Ser-
geant, Simonton, John Smith, Taomas Smith,
Starkweather, Steemod, S'rong, Stuart, Sweann-
gen, Sweney, Ta'iaferro, Wac'dy Tno^ipson, Jacob
Thompson, To land, Tarney, Vroom, Peter J.
Wa^ener, Weller, Eiward D Wmte, Jarea W.
Williams, Henry Wil'iam', and Cnnstopher H.
Williams—115.
NAYS—Messrs Boardman, Calhoun, Chitten-
den, James Cooper, Crabb, Garrett Davis, Daw-
son, Dennis, Dedet, Dromgoole, Everett, Gentry,
Goggin, Granger, Green, GriSfin, Hall, Hunt,
Jenifer, Francis Mallory, Monroe, Peck, Pickens,
Rayner, Triplett, Warren, John Whi'e, and Lewis
Williams—29.
So the rules were suspended,
At the ieque-i of several gentlemen,
Mr. LINCOLN modified h s íesolution, so as to
extend the time to seven o'clock, and railed for the
previous question, which was seconded.
The question now being on the main quest on,
Mr PETRIKIN called for the jeas and nays,
but they were not ordered.                            4
The question was then taken on the resolution,
ard decided m the affirmative                           \
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
On motion of M' JONES of Yirg ma, thj
House lesolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the Unn n, (Mr. Casey in the chair,)
and resumed 'he consideration of the bill authonz
.ng the r-sue of Treasury notes, the question being
on the mot on of Mr. Barnard to strike oat the
enacting clause.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON being enti'led to the
floor, resumed his remarks from teMerday He
said he had, from the commencement, been op-
posed to the entire debate, b-cause he thought he
saw, from the beginning, that no good couid arise.
He contended that it was the design of the present
party m power to throw the responsibility of every
important measure on the coming Administration
It was his firm convic'ionthat th  present party in
power had no intention of ac.ing definitely upon
any great question of the day.
After some further remarks, Mr J said he did
not feel disposed to go into a debate on the merits
of the bill befwe the commiit>e, for the reason that
he had previous'} g ven bio v ews pgainst the sys-
tem of Treasury no'es He bad gone again t it
because he viewed the who'e as clearly unconstitu-
tional, and more e pscially as the Cossti ution
pointed distinctly to other modes of meeting the eti-
ge"eie% of Government.
Mr. J. then proceeded briefly to notice the pro-
position of Mr. Barnard, in relation to a tariff
on wines, silk-, etc. He considered it as wise po-
ke}, and were he assured that the House was in
a proper spirit to hear an argument on that sub-
ject, he nould deem n hi dut^ to make one. As
a matter of just.ee to the gtn lenwn from New
York, he (Mr. J j would say, that ihe impresión
of some Southern srrntlcmen tuatth° piowition
had b en pr^par d in the daiK, \ as errcntcus
He wouid sia < t^at 'h  p oposition was n ade on
the responsibility if trie gen'lcman [Mr. Barnard]
alore, without any secret preparation on the part
of his Northern fnends.
Mr J then proceeded to give h'S view5! in rela-
tion to various ma tT, which bad been incidental-
ly introduced ir to the deba'e.
During the remarks of Mr J. several members
rose in exp'anation of what they had sa'd in rela-
tion to the compromise act, e c
Mr CUSHING referred to what he had said on
"aMiday last m expiration of ihe vi<nvs of his
S'ate on th° sublet of a protective lanff, etc
Mr LINCOLN sa d That explanation cf the
gentleman may do for his own constituents, but I
wi'h it to be distinctly understood that it does not
apply to mine
Mr. RAYNE3. followed, and observed that his
only apology for entering into the debate v as, that
be seldom occap «d tne time of .he House, for he
considered silence a great virtue.
M' R. trpn proceeded to say that be should vo e
against the issue of Treasury notes, but in favor of
the propos uon of Mr Barnard to lay a tariff on
wines, silks, esc. and also in iavrr of the proposi-
tion for a loan. He viewed the Treasury note sys-
tem as a means only of prefacing t! e day of pa>-
ment, and, at some length, wert on to show the su
perior advantages which, m hi  opm on, would be
derived from a d rect loan
He then argued that tne deficit in the Treasury
was a permanent, and not a mere temporary one,
and, if Congress made all the appropriations which
were absolutely necessary for the support of Go-
vernment, that deficit would not be less than tea
millions.
Mr R then proceeded to criticise the report of
the Secretary of ihe Treasury, and to contend that
the latter had proved him-elf more of a knave than
a fool. He contended that the report was deeeit-
ful, and merely got up just as the Secretary was
going out oi office, to make a show of economy.
Mr R next adverted to the subject 6f an extra
session, the Florida war, the pension list, the com-
promise act, the tobacco interest, etc.
He next argued in favor of an increase of our
naval force, the building of steam ships, etc, so
(hat we might be prepared for any aggression from
'Great Britain. But m order to do that we must
have money, and to raise money it would bé ne-
cessary to adopt the proposi'ion of Mr. Barnard.
Mr. R. then proceeded to give his views in fa-
vor of a distribution of the proceeds of the public
lands In fie course of his lemarKs on this head,
he expressed his as'omshment at the course taken
by Mr. Wise in opprsmg the distribution system
as an absu day. He (Mr. R ) hal always always
cofidertd that the principle ot a distribution was
one of the cardinal points of Whig doc l.ne.
Alluding to the ai guments of Mr Wi%e against
an extra session, Mr. R. de«ired to know if that
gentleman was willing to permit the Sub Treasury
law to remain in operation until the next regular
session. He was surprised at the expressions of
that gentleman against the ca'ling of an extra ses-
sion. But should an extra session be called, the gen-
tleman might be assured that his [Mr. W's ] speech
wouid be taken as a text book for every Loco Foco
in the House The gentleman had said that an
extra session would be imprudent under the present
state of exe tement of the public mind. He (Mr.
R) was sorry the gigant'c miiidof the gentleman
had come to that conclusion.
Mr REYNOLDS assured the committee thatthe
distance between two ends of his rod en this sub-
ject wou'd le vi ry ¡rhort indeed. Y«s, they might
be assured that his song on this bill would be very
short indeed He hoped his humble self would be
permit ed, however, to say a few words in dissent
f'om the remarks of his friend who had just sat
down
Mr. R arter some humorous observations in re-
ply to Mr. Rayner, in revpect to the Florida wsr
and the late New Jersey contested election case, al-
luded to the proscription which, it was said, would
distinguish the coming Administra icn, a:¡4 main-
tained that it was r ¿h*. for, said he, f uy friend
was about to . stabiish a Catholic church, would he
put aPresbjtenan oi a Moimon at the bead of if1
Certainly rot
A>> to Tiearury no'e , Mr E *aid he would
rather vote for ten millions than for five; bat as the
chairman of the Commutee of Ways and Means—
divested of all par y spirit—had come to the con-
clusion that the amount provided f<.r by the bill
would be sufficient, he would vole for it, although,
as he had sa d, he would prefer voting tor a larger
sum Mr. R. said gent'ernen seemed to think it a
dishonor not to have an overfluwmg Treasury,
but be would always prefer a depletion to a sur-
plus It wa¿ no dishonor to have a iseak Treasu-
ry and a strong and rjotte'ful people. The money
was m the people'  pockets, and w th it they were
exerting their industrial energies, andit was far bet-
ter for ihem to have the money tbs>n pile it up in
the Treasu-y. As to the S'ate of Illinois, she
hid ihis year produced immense crops of wheat
and corn, -ind such bad been the cafe all over the
West. The country, he said, wa- doing better than
it had heretofore done Wc heard, it is true, a
great cry for relief, but it came from those who
would n t work, from those who Mt be-
fore store doors on boxes, and, when it is hot
weather, more into the shade, and in c'd weather
bask m the sunshine. These weie the men
who  Tere continually crying   out for "change"'
And are we (said Mr. R.) to be terrified with a
few Treasury notes? No, sir' Our honor and cha-
racter are pledged for their redemption, and they may
be redeemed sooner, perhaps, than the holders
wish. In our county, our pre-emption men and
squatters, as tbey are here called, seek with great
avidity after them, they are as good as gold dust.
