CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149 
good old State of Vnginia,  he would prefer the
good old mother with all her faults.
The gentleman, said Mr. M. has talked about
the "abstractions" of my colleague. But I will
tell that gentleman, lhat if it be an abstraction to
oppose a high tariff—if it be an abstraction to op-
pose a distribution of the public lands, when in the
very language of the gentleman, the Treasury is
empty, then I tell the gentleman that I also am an
abstractionist.
But, continued Mr M. I wish the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Jenifer] to understand, that I do
not intend to be read out of church by him notwith-
standing. I labored as ardently in the cause of
General Harrison as that gentleman did, and I in-
tend to support the administration of General Har-
rison as far as I can. But if that Administration
shall not square with the promises and pledges
which I conce.ve it his given to the country, why
then I cannot go with that Administration. But I
will also say, that if the eoniicg Administration
should even pursue a course contrary to my ex-
pectations, I shall not regret that I have lent my
aid in the elevation of General Harrison. Por if
his election accomplish nothing else, it has had the
effect of breaking down party trammels with us m
the South; and henceforward, we shall be able to
meet, not on men, but on great principles.
He, Mr. M. could ne>t but admire the
eulogium which the gentleman [Mr. Rayner]
had passed upon the gentleman from South
Carolina. He had, however, talked a good
deal about star gazing, and about people shaking
their heads against a lamp post. But he, Mr. M.
would tell the gentleman, that there were more
times for star gazing than one. He would ask the
gentleman not to look too much to the bright hori-
zon before him, and in looking at the wants of the
Presidentelect, not to forget "home." Let him look
at the storm ahead; the storm which would certain-
ly grow out of this discussion at home. And when
that storm should burst upon them, it would sweep
away from the ocean many a gallant bark that
now sailed proudly before the breeze.
Mr. M. then proceeded to say that he had no
fears for the coming Administration of General
Harrison. He believed that great man would
draw around him persons of talent, who would aid
him in ascertaining the true state of the country,
and men who would be able to make a true expo-
sition oí its affairs. He had not the least doubt,
neither, but that General Harrison would have
ample means to carry on the Government, if he
should, as he, Mr. M. had no doubt, carry on a
system of retrenchment and reform. A great sav-
ing could be effected by a different administration
of the various departments. In the collection of
the revenue alone, he believed that from five to
eight hundred thousand dollars a year might be
saved by a proper administration of the Treasury
Department.
Also in the administration of the War Depart-
ment he believed almost enough could be saved to
pay t he expenses of the Florida war.
Do wn with your internal improvement, said Mr.
M.— down with your distribution, (for I think the
President elect is not in favor of carrying on internal
improvement at the expense of the General Go-
vernment,) pursue a system of retrenchment, a.nd
then I think there can oe no doubt that General
Harrison will soon save money enough to pay all
lhe debts of this Government.
But, said Mr. M. I protest in advance against
any man, or any set of men, undertaking to commit
General Harrison to any political scheme. Gene-
ral Harrison was elected on the "one term" princi-
ple; but if that principle is to result in this, that the
President, instead of acting for the public good, is
to be used to bolster up the schemes of one, why,
I had almost said, he had better be President for
life.
Mr. M. went on to say lhat he found fault with
no Whig in the House for expressing himself in re-
lation to internal improvements, the tariff, or Na-
tional Bank or other measures. He was willing
to hear all that gentlemen might have to say, and
expected to be heard m return, without being pro-
scribed for so doing.
But what did they see? Why, his colleague [Mr.
Wise] the other day had given his views on these
great measures; had avowed his opinions; when
lo ! gendemen rose aud expressed their suspicions
that he was about to quit the party. This was
wrong. Let every man express his opinions, with-
out thfreby subjectinghimself to the suspicion, that
by so doing he was about to leave the party.
Mr. JENIFER here made an explanation to the
effect that he had said nothing about Mr. Wise
being about to desert his party.
Mr. WISE asked whether the gentleman from
Maryland had any distrust of him.
Mr. JENIFER made some reply, which could
not be heard.
Mr. WISE. Well, then, I suppose the gentle-
man takes it for granted lhat the party will go with
him, when at the same time, who knows what the
measures of General Harrison will be. Were there
net some gentleman making principles' for General
Harrison before he came into power? But when
it was not known what the principles of the coming
administration would be, how could it be said that
he was about to desert his party? He (Mr. W.)
did not take the gentleman from Maryland as the
administration.
After some further explanations between him-
self and Mr. Jenifer,
Mr. WISE observed that had it not been for
other gentlemen expressing their views, what they
would do, etc. he would never have said a word.
But as every member on the floor, who had pre-
viously spoken, had given his views in relation to
the coming Administration, he thought it was as
fair for one as for another. And as others had ad-
ministered their little nostrums for the cure of the
disease, he, although not a regular physician,
thought he would do so too.
Mr. MALLORY then resumed his remarks, and
observed that at the very outsethe had been taunted
by the gentleman from Maryland as not being
one of the party. They had also been taunted the
other day with not having common schools in Vir-
ginia. But if they had not common schools,
they had schools in Virginia which enabled
them to understand signs, a? well as other peo-
ple. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Monroe] had talked also about the "abstrac-
tions" of Virginia. Now he would tell that
gentleman, that with all their "abstracters,"
they bad common sense enough to get a steamboat
below a bridge before they built it up. Mr. M.
here related an amusing anecdote, where some
common school people of the North built a bridge
in such a way as to prevent their getting out a
steamboa1; (a member at the Reporter's elbow sug-
gested that it was similar to the mason who built
his leg in a chimney.)
Mr. M. after some further remarks in relation
to the tariff, etc. observed that as the time for d s-
charging the committee from the bill was now at
hand, he mrst conclude.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said that some of his
friends had regretted this manifestation of differ-
ence of opinon among members of the Whig par-
ty on this floor. Now, for his part, he was rejoiced
at it. It must come at some time, and the sooner
the better. Let us know what our friends think of
it, (^a'td Mr. U.) let them consider it, and be pre-
pared for future events. But if the separation
comes, let us part like friends—let us not attempt
to bind ourselves together by a rope of sand, for
that will not bind us together as firmly as we
ouiht to be.
In relation to the propriety of a called sess:on,
Mr. U. asked, who had bpen authorized to s>ieak
for General Harrison? Had any one? No! Then
who brought it forward? Who endorsed it for the
Whig party? It was, in his opinion, the mere ex-
pression of gentlemen as to the propriety of such a
measure. It remained for General Harrison, when
he should be inducted into office, to ascertain whe-
ther this or that object could be accomplished by an
extra session.
Mr U. considered the intimation of a called ses-
sion as uticr'y premature. It ought to be decided
when a'l the elections shall have taken place. Gen.
Harrison could then judge, from the elements of
Congress, what could or could not be done. Mr.
U. said that if he were the President of the united
States, and could see that a National Bank could
be established, the Sub-Treasury law repealed, the
proceeds of the public lands distributed, the tariff
revised, &c. and had an assurance to that effect, he
would convene Congress instantly to act on «hat
emergency.
[Mr. Smith of Indiana here read from the Con- -
stitution of the United States that part which says
that the President "may, on exSaordinary occa-
sions, convene both Houses, or either of them," and
asked Mr. U. whether the "emergency" contem-
plated by the Constitution depended on the prepon-
derance of one or other of the political parties of
the country.]
Mr. U. said he would answer what constituted
an emergency. Any matter of great public con-
cern in the affairs of the natioD, was an emergency.
Suppose the President wished war to be declared,
and desired Congress to act upon the subject.
Suppose one Congress will not act upon it, and the
next would. Ought it not to be taken into view
whether he would call Congress together or not?
The present emergency (he said) grew out of a de-
preciated bank currency, the want of a uniform
currency, and the embarrassed condition in which
the States were placed. And in acting upon this
emergency, the President ought to take into consi-
deration the elements which would constitute the
next Congress.
Mr. SMITH of Maine said, that the gentleman
from Kentucky had well characterized the Whig
party as being held together by a rope of sand. He
could not have give a more happy illustration. Mr.
S in a humorous manner, was alluding to the beau-
tiful specimens of cohesion of the Federal party in
Mame and Massachusetts, when
The CHAIR announced that the hour of «even
having arrived, further debate would tnot be in
order.
The question first in order was on the motion of
Mr. Barnard to strike oat the enacting clause.
Which, being taken, was decided in the nega-
tive—Ayes 55, noes 107.
Mr. WISE now offered his amendment, viz:
Provided, That in case the Treasury notes out-
standing and unredeemed, issued uader former
laws of Congress, added to the amount of such
notes issued under the act and actually expended,
or issued to meet payments due and payable before
the 4th day of March next, shall, on the 4th day
of March next, exceed the sum of five mil'ions of
dollars, then the President of the United States
shall be, and he is hereby authorized to issue, by
virtue of the provisions of this act, such furiher
amount of the said notes as will make the whole
amount issued under this act and applicable to
payments falling due after the 4d day of March
next, the full sum of five millions of dollars.
The question was then taken and decided in the
affirmative; ayes ¡JO, noes 57.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Jenifer on
Saturday last, and which he gave notice he would
offer at the proper time, at his request was then
read as follows:
lie it enacted, fyc. That the President of the
United States is authorized to raise by loan such
sum or sums as the exigencies of the Government
may require, but not to exceed ten millions of dol-
lars, at an interest not more than six per centum per
annum, to be reimbursed at any time after twelve
months, whenever the condition of the Treasury
will permit.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was
not now in order, as the gentleraan on Saturday had
merely signified his intention to offer it.
The amendment of Mr. Coetis was next read
as follows:
Section 2 rfnd be it further enacted, That when-
ever proof shall be exhibited,-to the satisfaction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, of the loss or de-
struction of any Treasury note issued under the
authority of any act of Congress, it shall be law-
ful for the said Secretary, upon receiving bond,
with sufficient security to indemnify the United
States against any other claim on account of the
Treasury note alleged to be so lost or destroyed, to
pay the amount due on such note, to the person
who had lost, or in whose possession it had besn
destroyed.                                                 •             :
