Bairne, B'ocksva}, Aloert G Brown, Burke,
S. H. Batter, Casey, Clifford, Wm R Cooper,
Crabb, Deflet, Doah, E< rl, Eistman, Pme, Fletcher,
Griffin, Hand, Hul of INorfh Carol na, Hopkm,
Hubbard, Jau.eson, \Vil> -icn Cost Johnson, Cave
Johnson, John W Jones, Kille, Leadbetter, Leo-
nard, Lowell, Líos, McCHlan, Marchand, Me-
dill, Mil er, Montgomery, Nev hard, Payn'er, Pe-
tnkm, Prenti«s, R^r/Us, Rhett, Edwaid Rogers,
Samuels Shaw, Thomas Smi h. Starkweather,
Sumter, Taylor, Tomey, Weller, John White, and
Lewis Williams—54
So the rules were saspei ded
The previous questi n w£s the i moved at,d se-
conded, and
Oi the main ijtst'en h'l"1;: ordered,
Mr SMITH of iVamecilIed for the j is a'd
nays, wh ch were o dn d, and resul id—_, as. 122,
nays 52, is folic ws
YEAS—M Ssrs A ams, Join W. All- , An-
drew., Banks, Baker í arna*i, Be'l, ¡llac* Board-
man, Bond, Boyd, B ewst r Briggs, Br ckna<,
Aaron V. Brown, Wil am O Befe1-, Ca boun,
John Campbell, V. ilhd-n B Ca-rpbell, C a-fr,
Casey. Cnmn, CrnttenJen, Clark, Janes Ctorei,
Mark A Coop<"i, Ci<- j Crau ton,Cc. y, Cro kut,
Cross, Davee, Eduai 1 Davie , Ji hn T)a"is Dav-
son, D berry, Dennis, Doe,Ei yards, Fly, Eveie t,
Fillmore, Gillratb, Ga'land, Gates, Gentry,
G'rry, G'ddm^s, Go°fui, Good', Graham, Gran-
ger, Grinnell, H- !', Vi'h mS Hastings Htwe-,
Henry, Hunt, Jack~m, Jame , Cía les Johnston,
Joseph Johnson, Wm Cost John on, KemMe,
K mpshall, Killr, Lant-, L=el, Lewis, Lircoln,
McCany, McCu' och, Rkrecli'h Ma'io'y, Marvin,
Mason, Monroe, Mortanya, Moore, Morgan, C.
Moras, Morrow, Nei ha d, Nisbef, Osborre, Palen,
Parmenter, Pec'% Profit, Rinlali, Raneen, Reed,
Ridgway, Russell, Sebean', Suponte, S ade Al-
bert Smith, Tru"ian fan ltn, Strong, Smari, Talia-
ferro, John B Thumps r, Til'i <>ha<t, Ti tend,
Tnplett, Trumbull, TJi deiwood Vroum Peter J
Wagner, Warren, Wattef>o  Ed*rardD White,
John Whut.'Wu i, Jued W Willii uc, Thomas
W Will'im . iJenry Williams, Joseph L Wil-
ham , C H Wi'l am , ?< d Wirt.    . —123.
NAYS—Me rt Alt i">, Athe top,B >tty,Beirn<\
BlacUwell, Eu>ke, B/nut" Cfjpm n, Clifford,
Connor, William R Coop r, Crab% Dc llel, Doig,
Earl, Easman, fin", Fje chtr, Gnfin,Habirsh<'m,
Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of North
Carolina, Hillen, Ho'mes, Hopkins, H'_bb id,
Jameson, Cave Johr^on, Lerfilbe'ter, Leorarj,
Lowell, Lucas, MeCiellan, Marchará, Med 1!,
Miller, Montgomery, Paynter, Petnkm, Pren iss,
Reynolds, Edaaid Roger , Samuel-, Shaw, Thos.
Smith, Starkweathei, Suiter, Swearmgep, Jacob
Tnompson, Turncy, WeUer, and Lewis Williams
—52
Sj the reiolu iotví-s a^op'td
Mr. ANDREWS, fro<i the Committee oí Ac-
counts, offeied a resolutos aiiihor ziag that com-
mit ee to allovi- thepav of «til ouch members ot the
House as were unavo viably detained by the late
storm, on their way to the s at of G ver a m, and
who, in com qi°nee, were precintad from takng
their seats at the commencement of tne ses-
sion,
Objection bfmenace to i s reception,
Mr. ANDRE rVS moved to suspend the rules;
but the motion was not sustained by tt>e Hjuse.
Mr JOHN C^M'BKLL, on kav, p esenud
therelorlof IkCoiianf o Fe leral R-'a iops
of the Hoiue of Rer-r«s rit<-ti"es of South Caro-
lira, on so much of the Go/e. íor's m s age as re-
lates to the election of Pre si< en  of the Ucited
States, the constiuctnn of the Constitu ion, and
thsfuture arrangement  as to the Uiiffof dude 
on imports; which w?s laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed
Mr. UNDERWOOD, also on leave, presented
the resolution-  of the Legislature of Kentucuy, in
ltlauou to the United faute* Bank and t1 e pub'ic
domain, whio'i we'e laid upon re iab ?
Mr. HAND submitted a re o'ution, tint all peü
t.ons and papers, tie presentat on c f whidi were
not objected to by the lules of ¡he House, b¡ re-
lated to the appropriate committees, by the mem-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bers presenting   them   endorsing   their   name*
thereon.
Mr H. moved to suspend the rules, but the eio-
t on did notpr vail
PUBLIC LANDS IN TENNESSEE
The SPiiAKER men stated the first bu->me--s in
order to b-1 the bill reported from the Committee on
tne P^bl c L-wds, on the 16 h of January, to amend
an act entitled "An act to authorize the Sta'e of
Tennessee to üsue gran's and perfect bit s to cer-
tain lands iLerem de-crrtrd, and to settle the claims
to tne vacan and unappropriated lands withm tne
same, passed the 18 h day of April, loOb " The
qcrst it was on me motion of Mr L Will ams to
commi' the bill to the Ci-Ksrit'ee ef 1 ° Whols on
tne sta e of the U-ior>, and pfiidios; the same, the
morn rg hoar bid expired
Mr CROCKETT said he wou'd not make tbe
speech wti<"h he intended to have made, <>s he was
sure eveiv member understood the subject, and
Urn • w is [ sí iojs Mr. C then moved the p -
vious e¡uestio , which was ordered and put, viz
"¡shall (be i a n question be now put?" and pissed
in t e afrirna ive
Tie SPEAKER the-i decided that the main
qu-siion was --HaH the bill be engrussfj and read a
tnird tniif'
Mr MONTGOMFRY appea'ed from the deci-
sion, on il e ground tbat the ma n question was that
th  b It hi committed to the Committee of the
Wnole oa the state < f the Union.
Mr L WII LIAMS asfced to be excused frum
votin  on the question, and was proceeding to sta e
his reasons why he ought to be excused,
When several fentlemen railed h'-n to order on
the grourd ft it the previous que^ion cut off de-
bate.
Mr L W.LLIAMS said he would then make
a motion at would not be out ot order, a«d that
was, tn?t the o '1 be laid uoon the table, and tneie-
upon cJU d or me ye¿¡  and najs, which were Oi-
dere I, ?r.d e""re—"5fea3 39, na>s 137, as follows
YEAS—Me s's. Adam?, Brockway, Bynum,
John Campbdl, Carroll, Ch.ttenden, Connor,
Debeiry, Drormjooie, Evans, Filtmore, G?tes,
Gogsin, Gr>ham, GnfPn, Hawes, Hawk'n", Hill
of Foi'n Caroi na, Hillen, Hopkins, Jackson,
Chañes Johnston, Joseph Johnsrn, William Col
leh'i on, Lane, Leaabetter, McCaih', Me edith
M, lloiy, Moatsomerv, Mor an, Pal n, Feck,
SiTP-ntin Tal ?fen-o, Pmlip F Thnnas, Till ng-
hast, Ttdernool, Lewis VAlliatas, <rd Win
throp—¿9
NAY^—Mes rs Alfoid, Andrews, Athertrn,
Ban'is, Barnard, Bea'ty, Be'rne Black, Blackwell,
Poardnan, Bojd, Bre vbter, Bnggs, Aaron V
Brovri Albert Q Browq,Burke, Wnliani O Bu -
ler, Wil lain B Campbell, Carr, Certcr, Crey,
Chapman, Claik, Clifford, Jarrea Cooper, Mark
A Cotp r, Wilhrm R Cooper, Crat b, Craig,
Cranston, Crpry, Crockeit, Cr^ss, Cushmg, Davee,
EdwardDaves, John Davis Garre t Davis, Diek-
ersor, Doe 'Dug, Strl, Eistmsn, Fire, Fifher,
Feun rce, Galbraitb, Gar'and, Gentrj, G-ny,
Giode, II«ber--h-ni1 H«t 1, Hand, Jehu Hastings,
Henn , Holt, Hubo^rJ, Hu'it, Jjmes, James n,
Jtn'i Ca"p Johnson, Kempihall, ICtlle, Erg,
L'e', Loonaic, Lewis, Lincoln, Lowell, Lucas,
McCeiw, McCulloch, MarchanJ, Marvin, Ma-
son, Meiiilt, iVlil'er. M tcnell, Monroe, Montanya,
Mooie, Morrow, Newhard, Nisbet, Parmenter,
Petri iin, Pit inns, Pope Frentis--, Pit ffi , Rinden,
R yno ds, Ridgway, Edward Rogers, Samuels,
Sergt^ut, &"aw, Slsd -, Albert Smith, John Smith,
Taonius Sr>Uh, Smikweather, Steenrod, Stuart,
S ven^-y, Tayioi Jaco o Thompson, John B Thomp-
si n, Tula" 1, Tnplett, Turney, Vroom, Peter J.
Wagner, Warren, Watteison, Weller, Elward D
Whi e, John vV'nite, Wick, Jared W Williams,
Tho-nts W. Wilharps, Henry Williams, Joseph
L Wiluan's. Christopher H, Williams, and Wise
—137
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table
1h" qae tion 'hen iecu"ied on the eng'ossment
of tjp In, aid being pu% passed m the affirmative.
Mr L WILLIAMS t->en moved that the bill be
read a tmrd time on Monday, but the motien did
not prevail
t
________                   ,            151
1 ■- •          ......:,:'■':k~:\;\   ' ,",,,<■.',,, ','i," :rnw.
Mr LINCOLN then spoke at ¡ength-oa the me-
n's of the bill, but, before he had concluded, th«
morning hour had expired, and the House then
took up the followirg
SENATE BILLS:
Winch «ere read a first and second time, and
app.opnatcly referred, viz:
An act for tbe ltliei of the legal representatives
of Colin B shop;
An act for the relief of Ephratm D. Dickson;
An act for the relief of the legal repiesentauves
rf Pieire Bonhomme,
An act for the relief of  the heirs of Miguel
Eslaw,
!       An act foi the relief of Juan Beigar;
I       An pctfor the relief of the legal heirs and repre*
senutives of William Conway,
An act for the relief of Pierre Babm;
An ¡>ct for the relief of George DePassanof
Louisiana,
An act tor the relief of John Compton, assignse*
and representative of Ganigues Flaujac,
An set for the relief of Jean Baptiste Comean;
An act confiirmmg the claim of Jean Baptiste
Lecomple to a tract of landm Louisiana;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Theresa Malette, widow of Gaspard Phiole;
An act for the relief of Henry Wilson;
An act for the relief of the legal representative!
of Nathaniel Pryor, deceased;
An ac' for the relief of J. M Strader;
An act for the relief tbe heirs of Madame De
Lu^er,
An act for the relief of Gordon S. Hubbard,
Robert A Ktnzie, and others,
An a t for the relief of Francis A. Harrison;
An act for the relief of Joseph Paxton;
An fct for the relief of Reynell Coats and Wal-
ter R Johnson,
An «ct for the relief John McNeil, and
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry to apply the amount due on cerlam contract 
entered into with the War Department, and Peter
H Green, a^d Green and Emerson, to the extin-
guishment of a demand due to the UmeJ States
from Wi'hsm King and Peter H. Green.
The engrossed bill entitled "An act to incorpo-
rate tne Washington city Benevolent Society," was
r ad a third time, passed, and sent to the Senate for
I cincurienee
J      The bid for the re íef of Sarah B Stith and her
chi dren wa  real a th'rd time, and, being objected
|  to,  was laid aside under the reso'n'ien adopted
to-day.
I      Tn« engrossed bill tor the íehef of William B.
Wiiston was read a th rd time, passed, aad sent to
the Senate fcr concurrence
Tne engrcs ed bill for the relief of Elizabeth
Jones ai'd others was read a third time, but being
obj^c el lo, was laid over under the resolution.
f he b 11 for the relief of Thomas Hu chmson
was a so read a third time, but being objected to,
vas similarly di posed of
Tbe bdl for the relief of Esther Parrott was read
a third time, passed, an! sent lo the Senate for
c neurrence
The bill for the relief of Don Carlos de Ville-
mont, reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the ICih of January, with the enacting words
s«i cken out, coming up for consideration, the
Houce concurred therein, and so the bill was le-
j cted
Mi WM COST JOHNSON a«ked leave to re-
fer a memor al to the Commit'ee on Military Af-
fair , but
Mr CARR objected, on tbe ground that the same
privilege waa not given to otbers.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr RUSSELL, the House re-
solved it eif in'o a Committee of the Whole on
trie s ate of the Union (Mr. Briggs in the chair) on
privateb Is
I The bills foi the relief of Job Halsey actl David
W Slceth were then read, but being objected to,
Mr. L WILLIAMS moved that the Committee
rise, so as to put it in the power of the House lo
pass bilk, and not leave the busme s at the mercy
of any member who might choose to object, as was
the esse under the resolution adopted this morning.
