[52           ,                                 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• ^   ■    tj                                   ---------------------------------------------—
The question was then taken—ayes 16—noes 87,
io quorum.
Mr. ANDREWS said that, as there was ho quo-
um, he would move that that fact be reported to
he House.
The question was again taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 24, noes 111.
So the committee refused to rise
Mr. STEENROD said it was evident no busi-
ness could be done under the resolution which had
been adopted this morning. He would, therefore,
move that the committee rise, to enable jthe
House so to amend the rule? as to transact the bu-
siness of the country.
The question was then taken—yeas 62, nsys 55,
no quorum.
The question was again taken by tellers, who
reported—yeas 63, nays 54 no quorum voting.
On motion of Mr STEENROD,
The committee then rose, and reporte 1 that fact
to the House.
Mr. RUSSELL moved a call of the House
Tellers were called for and appointed, who re-
ported—yeas 52, nays 80
Mr SMITH of Mame moved that the House
adjourn, but withdrew the motion
The House then again went into a Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. DAWSON then moved that the committee
rise, in order that the House might repeal the reso-
lution adopted this morning;
The question was then taken and resulted—ayes
106, noes 35.
The committee then rose, and reported that they
had made no progress.
Mr. WISE then moved to rescind the resolu-
tion.
Mr. EVERETT moved an adjournment.
The question was then and negatived—yeas 42,
nays 107.
Mr. RARIDEN then moved to suspend the rules,
so as to go into Committee of the Whole on the
bill to confirm certain lands to the State of Indiana,
for the continuation of the Wabash and Erie Ca-
nal.
The motion to suspend was negatived
The motion oí Mr. Wist to rescind the order of
this morning recuned
Mr RARIDEN moved to adjourn, but subse
quently withdrew his motion
Mr. CURTIS then moved to adjiurn, and the
question was taken by jeas and nays, and nega-
tived—Yeas 56, nays 86
The question again recurred on the motion of
Mr. WISE to rescind the order adopted this morn-
ing, which puts it into the power of a single mem
ber so ^o object to a bill, as to prevent all anion
upon it for the day, and pissed in the affirmative
So the order was rescinded
The question that the engrossed bill for the relief
of Sarah B Stith and her children do pass, again
came up.
Mr SMITH of Maine moved the previous ques-
tion, but withdrew to enable
Mr PROPF1T to move an amendment.
The SPEAKER said that the bill was not open
to amendment on its passage
The previous question was then moved and or-
dered, and the mam question taken on the passage
of the Jbiil by yeas and nays—Yeas ¿3, nays 86,
no quorum voted.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, February 8, 1841.
The VICE PRESIDENT ^ubmitttd a report
from the Secretary of the Trsasury, transmitting a
statement of the contracts entered into by that De-
partment during the year 1840, which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be pnntsd
Mr NORVELL presented a petition of citizens
of Michigan, praying the construction of a harbor
at New Buffalo, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce
Mr N also presented the memorial of citizens
of Cass county, Michigan, m favor of the passage
of a general bankrupt law, which was laid on the
Sable.
Mr BUCHANAN presented a memorial nume-
rously signed by mechanic0, traders and merchants
of Philadelphia, remonstrating against the passage
of the bankrupt bill now before the Senate, which
was laid < n the table, and ordered to be printed
Mr PRESTON presented a memorial of persons
engaged on the public buildings, asking compen-
sation for lost time, occasioned by a suspension of
operations thereon, which was referred io the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings
Mr WHITE presented the memorial of citizens
of Laporte, Indiana, in favor of the passage of a
general bankrupt law, wMca was laid on the table.
Also, the memopal of citizens of Tippe anoe
county, Indiana, piaying the establishment of a
mail route; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr WALL presented a memorial of fifty-seven
women of Pennsylvania, praying an alteration of the
laws of the United States in relation to slavery; the
motion to receive which, was,
On motion by Mr. FULTON, laid on the table
Mr YOUNG- presented a memorial of citizens of
Illinois and Wiskonsan, praying ihe establishment
of a post route, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RUGGLES presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Hancock county, Maine, remonstrating
against the repeal of tha salt duties and fishing
bounties and allowances, which was referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr STURGEON presented four memorials,
praying the construstion of a lighthouse on Bran-
dywine Shoal, which were referrtd lo ihe Commit-
tee on Commerce
Mr WALL presented the memorial of Daniel
Raub in relation to his safety valve for steamboil-
ers, which was ordered to be printed
Mr WRIGHT presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of ihe city of New York on
the subject of a bankrupt law
Mr WEBSTER presenied a memorial of citi
zens of Onandaga cou ity, N Y remonstrating
against Ihe execution of ihe treaty with the Seneca
Indians, which was laid on the table
Mr PORTFR presented the memorial of a num-
ber oi citiz ns ot Michigan, praying the enactment
of a bankrupt law, wh ch was laid on tie table
Mr   WALKER   presented   the   memorial   of
George W Tnppe, which was referred to the Com
mitlee on the Public Lands.
Mr HENDERSON presented the memorial of
a number of cit zens of Mississippi, praying the
cnac ment of a bankrupt law, which was laid on
the tibie
Mr HUBBARD pre«en!ed the memorial of the
Legislatuie <>t Wiskonsan, piaying the tnaciment
of a law defining the Western boundary oí said
Territory, which was ordered to be panted
The joint resolution authorizing the transfer to
the State of Maryland of the stock in ihe Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal standing in the nams of the
United States, upon catain conditions, was read a
third time, and pissed
On motion by Mr SMITH of Indiana, the bill
to alter the place of holding one of the ttrms of
the District Court of Ohio was taken up as in com-
mittee of the whole
Mr CRITTENDEN submitted an amendment,
proposing to attach Arkansas to the eighih circuit,
and Kentucky lo the ninth district which, after a
discussion, in which Messr- CRITTENDEN,
KING ALLEN, SEVIER, CLAY of Alabama,
WALKER, and M0UTON, participated, was
agreed to, and the bill, as amended, was ordered to
bs engrossed
On motion by Mr PIERCE, the bill for the re-
lief of the heir?, of Daniel Pettibone was considered
as <n committee of the whole, and ordeiedto be en-
grossed for a third reading
Th  following bills from the House of Represenla-
tives were taken up, read a first and second time,
and referred, v z
The bill authorizing the i sue of Treasury notes,
to the Committee on Finance
The bill to incorporate the Washington City Be-
nevolent Society, to the Committee on the D.'stnct
of Columbia.
The bill for the relief of William B Winston
and
The bill for the relief of Esther Parrott, to the
Committee on Pensions
Mr CLAY <>f Alabama submitted tne following
resolution, which was agreed to-
fesoiued ^hát the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of a'-
tatthmg the Cherokee territory lying in Alabama to
the Coosa land district, and the removal of the land
office to some point wiihm the territory so attached.
Mr LINN submitted the following resolution fot
consideration
Resohed, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
procuring a sufficient number of  the most ap
proved repeating fire arms to supply the troops ope-
rating against tr<<? Indians in Florida
BANKS OF THE DISTRICT
Mr MERRICK moved that the Senate post-
pone the oiders of the day, for the purpose of tak-
ing up the bill to revive and continue in force the
act to incorporate the banks of the District of Co-
lumbia
Mr TAPPAN caid there was but a few minutes
of ihe morning hour unexpired, when the special
order would be taken up as a matter of course
He would therefore leave it to the Senator whether
it was worth while to take up the bill for the few
minutes that was left for its consideration.
Mr MERRICK persisting in his motion,
Mr TAPPAN said there was another reason
why the bill should not be taken up at this time
A resolution had been adopted some time since by
the Sei?te, calling on the Secretary of the Trea-
surp foi information m relation to the losses sus-
tained by the Government by the failure of banks
and the dep eciation of their notes, and he thought
that information was necessary to enable them to
act understanding^ on a bill to charter these msti-
tuuons
Mr ALLEN also opposed taking up the bill un-
til the information called for by a resolution of the
Senate ws before them
Mr BENTON said that in a few minutes the
hour would arrive when ihe bankrupt bill would
come up for discussion, and he apprehended gen-
tlemen did not ask that this bill should be taken up
to the exclusion of the bankrupt bill On Thurs-
day last the Senate determined to take up the bank-
rupt bill and to go on with it, it was so taken up,
and some progress was made in it Some action
was had apon it, and the Senate arrived at the
question whether bankingnstitut oris should be in-
cluded within its provisions Now, did gentlemen
wish to get rid of that by a side bow? Shall the
banking mstituti ns obey the law of ihe land, and
pay their debls'' was the simp'e question that was
tu come up before them And what had taken
place within the last few days, since the last ad-
journment of the Senate1 He supposed they had
all heard the new , and he supposed all who did
him the honor to listrn to what he said on Thurs-
day, recol'tc'ed lhat he hal anticipated this
event, but he had not anticipated lhat it
woull take place quite «o soon He had ex-
pected that it would take place in ihe course
of the summer if a "cilkd session" did not keep
a certain thing alive, but the thud suspension
is here, and in time to have the case laid before
the General Assembly, now m session, and in time,
too, to furnish an excuse for a called se sion, for all
the ordinary excuses had well nigh disappeared It
may now be said that a called sess on is necessary,
to take into consideration the condition oí the
banks and the currency—to devise means to create
a new Bank, the dead corpse tf the oid one lying
before them, though ne (Vir Benton) should thmk
ths fact would produce a different result He
shouid have supposea it would the rather have led
to the conclusion that it was necessary to apply a
bankrupt law to them, and not mat a bankrupt law
should be enae'ed to ex'end to trading incorpora-
tions, and not to banks They ought to go on, and
show to tin* people of the Unued States who was
in favor of hiving iha Uws obeyed—who was in fa-
vor of having banking neorporati ns made subor-
dinate io law and government Toey should go
on, too, and show the people, by their action, that
