CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
up tor removal to the West. The course adopted I
by the General has, therefore, met the approbation i
of the Department, both as a measure of economy !
and humanity, as the inducement held out by him |
is calculated to end this protracted contest at much
less expense of blood and treasure than to continue :
the war another month.                                            !
The Department has, however, no money under <
its control, applicable to the object, and respectfully
recommend that an appropriation of the amount  ;
named by Gen, Armistead (§100,000) be asked of |
Congress for that purpose.
Very respectfully,
J. R. POINSETT.      (
Hon. Waddy Thompson,
Chahman of Committee on Military Affairs,
House of Representatives.
Headq.uak.ters, Army of Piorida,
Tampa, January 16, 1841.
Sir: I have the honor to report that I have just !
arrived from Pease Creek and Punts Russa.   I
visited those places for the purpose of meeting a
party of the Seminóles and inducing them to come
in.
I did not succeed in. obtaining an interview with
those chiefs; but several of their people came to
see me, accompanied by two ot the delegation irom
Arkansas. They united in faying that they would
return m eight days wnh a part, if not the whole,
of their peopie, and embarK on boaid the steam-
boa! which I shall dispatch to meet them.
I have promised the two chiefs each five thou-
sand dollirs, and agreed lo pay every warrior who
comes in thirty dollars, and give him a rifle, blan-
ket and clothing. To luliil this and other
r-rosiiies which I have made to the Indians,
I trust there will be no delay in forward-
ing to me or Captain Pago the necessary
sum of money; or in ordering Captain Ann-
s rong to wport to m?, with the funds committed
to him, for the purpose of facilitating the emigra-
tion.
Thirty ov forty Indians are expected here in a
few days from the head of the Wuhlacoochie. They
desired an escort lo protect them from the Micka-
sukies, which was aecordi.-gly furnished.
A considerable number of the TaUahaísees are
now in at various points. I shall concentrate them
here as soon as practicable. I respectfully enclose
herewith a report from Lieut. Col. L«umis, com-
manding at Fort Clinch, where Echo emathla,
chief ot the Tallahassee?, has doubtless arrived
ere this.               I am, sir, &S.
W. K. ARMISTEAD,
Brig. Gen. Commanding in Florida.
Hos. J. R. Poinsett,
Secretary of War.
P. S. $100,000 will probably be required for the
objects mentioned in this letter.
Mr. W. THOMPSON said he would now ask,
with the general consent of the House, that he
might be allowed to present a bill relating to that '
object,' and move that the Houseresolvci'self into
a Committee of the Whole for the purpose of con-
sidering it.
Mr. JONES of Virginia suggested that when
the House should go into Comimuee of the Whole,
and take up the pension bill, the proposition of Mr.
Thompson could be offered £s an amendment
t)it.
Mr. PROFFIT was about making asi appeal to
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Jokes,] and to
the House, as this was the last day on which any
thing could be done on "the bill to confirm to the
State of Indiana the land selected for that portion
of the Wabash and Erie canal, which lies between
the mouth oí Tippecanoe river and Terre Haute, ;
and for othsr purposes; when
The question on  going into a committee of the  ;
Whole was again stated; and thereupoi
Mr. AD AMs e-.Uled for the yeas and nays; whk a  ¡
were ordered.                                                            ;
Mr. W. THOMPSON inquired whether the ques- I
tion was or-, his rnot'on or r,n that of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Jonj s 1
Trie SPEAKER replied, on the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. PICKENS asked whethsr the House, after
going into a Committee of the Whole, could not
take up any subject they chose.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
The question was then taken, and resulted—jeas
02, nays 92.
There being a tie, the SPEAKER voted in the
affirmative.
So the rules were suspended.
The Houre then resolved itself into a Committee
of the Whole, (Mr. Clieford in the chair,) and
took up the following bill, reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means on the 18fh of Decem-
ber last, viz:
A  BILL   making appropria'ions for   the  pay-
ment of revolutionary and ether pensions of the
United  States, for the year eighteen hundred
and forty-one.
Beit enacted by the Senate aui House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America ¿ii Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby appropriated, in addition to
former appropriation?, to be paid out of any money
in the Trea?uiy nor otherwise appropriated, for the
pensioners of the United States, for the year one
thousand eight hundred and forty-one:
Fur the levolationary pensions under the act of
the eighteenth of March, one thousand eight
hundred and eighteen, three hundred and fourteen
thousand dollar?;
For the payment of invalid pensions, one
hundred and seventy thousand dollars;
For pensions to widows and orphans under the
act of the fourth of July, one thousand eight
hundred and thtrtj-siy, fi,ur hundred and forty-
eight tht-wsand two hundred and lorty-one dollars;
For five years' pensions to widows under the act
oí the seventh of July, one thousand sight hur-died
and thirty eight, one hundred and sixty-sight
thousand three hundred and fourteen dollars;
For half pay pensions, payable through the
offices of the Second and Third Auditors, five
thousand dollars;
For airea rages, payable throu;h the Second
Auditor's tffice six hundred dollars;
For arreareges, payable through the Taird
Auditors' office one thous-and dollars.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON then offered to
amend the bill, by adding the following:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, Thjt one hun-
dred thousand dollars be, and tlie same is hereby,
appropr'ated, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of War, for the benefit of inch of
ihe Seminole chiefs and warriors as may aurren-
der for emigration.
Mr. PBTRIK1N desired to know whether that
amendment was in order.
After some discussion of a conversational cha-
racter, the CHAIS decided that the amendment
was ¡n order.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON observed that it'
would be unnecessary icr him to say any thing ¡n
relation to the expsmeney of adopting the amend-
ment, inasmuch as the facts furaithed by the Secre-
tary would make that apparent to all. He then
proceeded to say that tip had said long aso that we
would never be able toVud mat disastrous war in
any way but by negotiation. It was fool sh to at-
tempt to fight or to dnvelosf the Indians, under such
circumstances, when wk coujfl buy them iff at a
much less excens;.           s.     /
After some further remaVk^, Mr. T. alluded to
the growmg power and amMtion of Great Gri'ain,
and the exlierrely delicate pesi'ion in which we
were plaesd in relation to that power. Looking at
all this-, he observed the man naust be silly to sup-
pose that she would suffer McLeod, one oí her
citizens, to be executed by u? for obeying the avow-
ed order of his Government. Mr. T. then alluded
to the faci'ities of Great Britain in the West in-
dies, etc. for «¿moving us m c?se of p. war, and
wondered at the supineness of Southern gentlemen
on the subject.
It ni'gnt be said, however, that vre should lose
our dignity by thus ending the war by negotiation.
That was out of the question, for our dignity was
gone already.   But it would be recollected ¡hat we
had not been conflicting with Indians only, but with
nature. We had been struggling against the clt-.
mate, swamps, marshes, and other inaccessible
places. He • then referred to the unsuccessful
struggle of England in the Maroon war for eighty
years, under similar circumstances, and w&ich
was at last ended by negotiation. Mr.T. concluded
by expressing his belief that this was the important
crisis for an advantageous termination of the war
in Florida.
Mr. PROFFIT understood that the sum required
by the amendment was to perfect an agreement that
had been made for terminating that war. If so,he
would vote for it, as it was enough for him to know-
that it was recommended by the patty now in pow-
er. Under these circiamstances, he would vote for
it, although it had been a million.
Mr, P. then complained of the peculiar tone re-
cently assumed in the debates, on all appropria-
tions, with relation to the growing powers of Great
Biitaia. But why was Great Britain selected in.
preference lo other countries? Why was nothing
said about France? The latter country might send
her seventy-four gun ships to batter down forts in
South America—she might extend her power in
Africa, and do oiher things, without a word being
said. But it appeared that Great Britain alone had
been selected as the theme for declamation. Now
if gentlemen were for war, why aid they not pro-
pose it, and not talk about it. All the difference
between them and Great Britain was, that while
they talked, Great Britain acted. That was all the
difference.
Mr. W.THOMPSON said if the gentlemen alluded
to him, he was the last man on that floor to go to
war; nor would he do it unless forced into it.
Mr. PROFFIT said he believed it. But at this
time, when there was not a speck of war, what
use was there for gentlemen to nuke such speeches
about Great Britain and hergrowing power? Great
Brdaii was not ar:ning? She was merely main-
taining her positiun as a great nation, and why did
not we follow her example? He also objected to
our anticipating the action of the courts in New
York in relation to the case of McLecd.
Mr. P. hoped this question of war would not be
canvassed in this way, for if suffered it would lead
to in erminable debate. Let us, said Mr. P. confine
the del ale to the subject of the Florida war, and not
by these war speeches sanction the idea that the
American Cungress is secietly harboring the spirit
of war, vh™ it has not the courage to declare it.
Mr. PETRHC1N could not go for the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina, He,
Mr. P. wished to act with proper caution ia these
matters He did not wish those scenes to be enact-
ed over agam, when the Indians had been furnish-
ed wish blankets, powder, ball, and o.her things,
and had then turned round and massacred men,
women and children.
Mr. P. was not in favor of countenancing
the usurpation of power by ;vy general officer.
Where had General Armis'ead the power to give
h s p'edge to the Indians, on the part of this Go-
vernment? Were we, by the adoption of this
amendment, to sanction this usurpation ef powei?
Mr. P. proceeded lo siy that, although he was a
party man, his p-riy did not teach him to act con-
trary to the piineiplei of right. His party did not
teach hi in subornation of peijury. Besides, he
had afc other objeciion. Proper time ought to be
allowed for an inquiry into this matter. He, for
one, wjs not in favor o£ voting away a hundred
thousand dollars, Without a report fioni a commit-
tee to show the why and wherefore- ,
Mr. GIDDÍNG3 then took the floor, and, at
great length, went into an investigation of the
causes, history, eic of the Florida war.
Mr. G. in tiie course of his remarte, which he
said wt.re already written out, commented largely
on the Abolition question, the kidnapping of ne-
grees, e-e. as having a powerful agency in trie cause
of the hostilities in Florida.
Mr. MARK A. COOPER followed; and was
rnakiri" some very keen remarks on the subject of
kidnapping, and how the syrapaibijs of Abolition
oendemen were affected by circumstances, when,
at the request of several members, he gave way to
amotion that the committee rise.   That motion
