CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
iW
yond the control of the repealing; power of the
State, and were in fact, and in the language of the
best American authorities, quasi officers, as much
as a constable, a sheriff, or a county board of po-
lice, for the transaction for the State of its
local business within its legitimate sphere.
The distinction, then, was clear between
corporations for public and corporations for
private purposes, the one being for the trans-
action of the business of the States, and the other
of individuals unconnected with the sovrreignty of
the States. But a plea was here set up that private
incorporations for the transaction of private busi-
ness under a contract with State Legislatures,
should be exempt from the powers of this Govern-
ment. Here then were exemptions claimed for
incorporations that were net the agents of the
States; that were not subject to the repealing
power of the States, but were corporations of pri-
vate individuals for the transaction of private busi-
ness, without exercising any of the power of sove-
reign authority of the States. They were en-
gaged in private pursuits, and now they came in
and asked, on account of an engagement with the
States for the transaction of their own private
businrss, to be exempt from the powers of
this Government. The gentleman from South Ca-
rolina, yesterday, had cited a case in which it was
decided that they could not tax branches of the
Bank of the Union; but if that honorable Senator
would look again at that decision, he would find
that it was decided on the ground lhat the bank was
a public corporation—the fi-.cal asent of the Go-
vernment—and that all its branches Were equally
the agents of the Government; and on thai ground
alone was the exemption pronounced. If it had
been a private corporation, it would have been sub-
ject to the taxing power. The decision, then, went
to show that they might tax banks, so long as they
were private incorporated companies, chartered for
private gain and emolument; and that a public cor-
poration which was the fiscal agentof the Government
was beyond the taxing power. But were these
trading bank incorporations the fiscal agents of the
Government of this Union? Were they the officers
of the Government? Did they transact its fiscal
business? If so, how dared they assert that their
charters were beyond the repealing power and the
control of the Governmentjtbat made them? What!
was the fiscal agent beyond the power that created
it? There never was such an agency established
on earth: the authority that made it could recall or
change its powersat pleasure; and, as the banks were
not the agents of tho Government, they were not ex-
empt from the taxing power of the State or of the Ge-
neral Government. A case had occurred in Rhode
Island in which the Supreme Couit had decided that
the State did possess this taxing power, and it the
State did, why did not the General Government?
And if these private incorporations were subject to
the taxing power, could any good reason be given
why they were not subject to the bankrupt power?
But they had been told they must not touch State
banks, or banks of which the Slate was proprietor
in whole or in part. Now, if gentlemen wished to
exempt State banks from the operation of the sec-
tion under discussion, let them move an amend-
ment for that purpose; but he denied, so far as the
question of power was concerned, that a bank was
exempt because it had a State as a partner. Why
had not the same tiibunal to which the honorable
Senator from South Carolina had referred—the Su-
preme Court of the Union—decided that when a
State becomes a partner in a hank or other incor-
poration, it lays down its sovereignty and has no
more power, as a member of that corporation, than
the humblest individual? It was not thenjo be
viewed as a State, but asa co-partner, nor other-
wise than as an individual partner; and if a State
becomes a banking company, it is clearly unconsti-
tutional; for a State has not the authority to emit
bills of ctedit. He pronounced, then, that the
power claimed to exempt these chartered com-
panies fiom the operation of the power of
the General Government, was an unjustifiable
assumption of power, which was not pos-
sessed by a potentate of France or Russia.
Now, if there ever was a period when this bankrupt
. power ought to be applied to the banks, it was now,
when the explosions around them were like the re-
port ofartilleiy on the battlefield, where scarcely
had the sound of one ceased to reverberan on the
ear before they had another and another in quick
and quicker succession, and they were surrounded
with the wrecks and fragments of banking institu-
tions. When the batiks ceased to answer the ob-
ject for which they were created, they ought
to be subject, like any other insolvent trad-
ing company, to the bankrupt power of the
Union; or if an exemption should exist at all,
it ought to be in favor of the unfortunate private
trader, and not of the banking company which was
invested with so many exclusive privileges. If
there were any of these banking companies that were
more mismanaged than others, it was those whic
were owned in whole or in part by the States—
they were more corrupt and corrupting, for they
both corrupted States and individuals; and had they
not seen a report m regard to one of these ba.nks
which was owned by one of ihe States of the Union,
by which loans to the amount of $700,000 had been
made to the State Legislature to which it was re-
sponsible—yes, it had' been found upon exami-
nation—upon an opening of "the secrets of
the prison house," that the members of fhejLe-
gislature stood indebted to that bank to' the
amount of $700,000, and yet it was asked that
the S ate Legislature should possess the power to
apply to that bank the operation of a bankrupt law !
Why, this was a reason why that Legislature was
not the proper depository of such power. It would
be, in fact, the debtors applying a bankrupt law to
the creditors. And what had they seen in. his na-
tive State (Pennsylvania) but a few days ago?
Why, the State borrowing 400,000 dollars from
a bank which in a few days' afteiwards ex-
ploded; and yet that Legislature was to pos-
sess the r.owet to upply a bankrupt law to
that incorp^ra-ion. Now, he would say to the
gentlemen that were friends of the banks, that if
they wished to eave the system from total annihi-
lation, they must take a new latitude and change
the point of their compás , fur they could only be
sustained by the public conriderce. Now they
could suspend at plsasure, and set tho State Legis-
latures at defiance; and it became the people of the
States to apply an appropriate remedy. They had
recently b:en told that the Bank of England re-
quired twenty-six years to resume; and what was
that but to inform the people of this Union lhat a
certain bank must have the some period
to resume as its great prototype? He
was not aware that any other power could
prevent suspension, except the powers to be
possessed by a bankrupt law; and this would ope-
rate on the instincts of thise incorporation? whose
sole object was money-makms. With such a law
in existence, they would not dare to fl 'od the coun-
try with millions on millions of their paper money,
for they would know that there existed a decree,
which was fixed and irrevocable, wh.ch would fol-
low and punish every abuse of power. After a
few other observations, the honorable gentleman
concluded wift a brief recapitulation of the argu-
ments he had adduced in the course oí his ad-
dress.
Mr. CALHOUN said the Senator from Missis-
sippi had misa preh*nded hi  argument on a pre-
ceding day. The question was not whether a State
can exempt individual ei'izin:1 liom the opera'ion
of the powers ot this Government, but whether,
when the Sta'e has exercised its acknow-
ledged power-1;, this Government can exercise
powers destructive oí the acknowledged pow-
ers of the S a'es, and consequently aU the
remaiksof the Senator from Mississippi, feunded
on that misapprehension, fell to the ground. He
(Mr. Calh us) had no doubt ¡he General Go-
vernment might tax individuals composing incor-
porations, snd the corporations themselves; for, ac-
cording to his estima'e of the taxing power, it was
to get money and not to destro?, for de-tiuciion
would defeat it* own object. With re.pect to the
decision of the Supreme Court, he had no hesita-
tion to express the opinion lhat it was wrong.
Hp believed the State had ¡he right to kvv the tax,
and he belisved the Sinator from Mississippi
was wreng in supposing the decision was founde
on the assumption that the bank was a public and ^
not a private corporation. Be that as it might, his
(Mr. Calhoun's) memory could not be mistaken
on the point that the taxing power was treated as
a power to destroy; but he thought it was the re-
verse of that. But to proceed to another point.
The Senator from Mississippi had placed his ar-
gument, as he (Mr. Calhoun) understood it," on
the ground that the bankrupt power was an abso-
lute power.
He (Mr. Calhoun) understood it might extend to
all cases of debtor and creditor, and that was what
he understeod by absolute power. Bankruptcy
was a technical term,and he concurred with fheSe-,
nator from New Yorir,[Mr. WtiieHT,] and with the
Senator from\New Jersey,[Mr. Wall,] who made
a report on the subject last year, that it was limit-
' ed to creditors and not to debtors, and that such had
been the basis of all bankrupt laws heretofore con-
sidered or proposed for adoption, and consequently
that it was destructive of voluntary bankruptcies,
which were treated as mere insolvencies. Now
what was the difference between public and private
corporations? The one was said to be an incorpo-
tion for individual and special interest; but were
not all created for a public purpose, or under the
plea of a public purpose? It would be a.gross
abuse of power to confer such privileges, unless it
were to promote som; public object; and the peo-
ple of the United States believed these private in-
corporations weie useful in promoting trade, and
navigation, and commerce, and so forth. If such,
then, were the object, what possible difference could
it make whether the interests were separate or
otherwise?
After a few other observations he defsnded the
right of the States, to exercise authority over the
banks of the States, and to insist upon forfeitures
for suspension; and he inquired whether it had
come to this, that Congress was to interfere because
the Slate Legislatures were too indolent or too
corrupt to do it. He was of opinion that it was
not for Congress to undertake it. He than stated
various grounds on which he opposed this proposi-
tion. He opposed it as leading to a breaking npofa
system in which the debts and credit of the country
were concentrated, because it would force on a uni-
versal settlement allover the land, and because they
could notdo it withouta violation of the Constitution;
and also because, if they adopted this proposition,
ihey would get a principle wh'ch would include
every township in New England. Por these and
other reasons, he opposed this proposition.
Mr. WALKER T,ie Senator from South Caro-
lina admits the power of this Government to lax
these institutions, but denies the power of includ-
ing them within the compulsory provisions of a
bankrupt law. Now is not the power as expressly
granted in the Constitution in ihe one esse as in
the o ¡her? The Senfitor contends for their exemp-
tion on the ground that they are established (or
public purposes. But the banks themselves
claim that they were established for private
purposes, and deny the power of tha State
to revrke or annul their charters. Tbe case
of MaaCulloch, m 9th Wheaton, expressly de-
cided that ihe Bank of the United States was
exempt from taxation by a Sta'e, because she was
a fiscal agent of the General Government. In re-
ply to the argument that banks in whole or in part
owned by States, were State aient>, he would say
that if Ihe officer? of thes-. banks were elected and
paid by the State, and the S>ate were responsible
tor their issues, then they might, with seme plausi-
bility, a-k to be exempted fiom the operations of a
bankrupt law.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama ¡.-aid, the officers of the
State bank of Alabama were elected by the Le-
gislature of the S'ate, and they were as much the
pgen's of the S'ate, as the township officers w<re
oi' '-he S'ate ¡n New England. Befoie Congress
can apply the eompo.lt.ory provision* of a bank-
rupt law to these institutions, they mu-t first deny
the power of the Slates to incorporate banks.
They should come out boldly .snd advocate an ex-
clusive metallic currency. He ¡should not ¡go with
them in that, as he would not go for the present
propos-ition.    The Senator from Mississippi had
