CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
......                                                                     -------------------:—                                         —--------------------------'        -------------------------------------------------—=-■■        =====:-■.■.........:..:                       ■■■.:;„......,    ■   '    ,'       .',"",",: 
26th Cong..........2nd Sess.________________FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1841.________________Volume 9...........No. II.
""BY BLAIR & RIVES.                                     ---------WEEKLY---------                            PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continued from No 10
bs made to extend to the New EnsUnd corporate
bodies, to which the Senator from South Caro-
ína had a'luded, whose constitution and
powers he explained and elucidated. Tney
were pubic corpoiations, acting as public
functionaries fur the carrying out if the de-
signs of the Government, some of them with li-
mited legislativa authouty, and therefore tbey
could neither be taxed nor made subject to a bank-
rupt law. Again, he denied the existence or the
distinction which had been attempted to be drawn
between the banks which were Slate property and
the banks which were individual property. The
court had decided that if a State mingled with indi-
viduals and participated with them in the ordmaiy
business of individuals, it was, m effect, a dispen-
sation with its public character, and the assump-
tion of that of an individual To form a currency
was an attribute of sovereignty, and would any
one say that because these banks weie S ate pro-
perty, they were of a governmental character'
The creation of a currency this Government had
taken to itself, the States had .surrendered the
power, and the Statf s cannot exercise that power
if they would Eut if they could, sucn poover
would be political in its nature, and its exer-
cise would require a political organization
by authority of the people. The true charac-
ter of banks had been lost sight of in this
argument, if it had bsen borne in mind, no g ntle-
man would say that they ought to be excluded from
the operation of this bil', for they were nenherof a
public nor of a civil and municipal character If
banks could be excluded on the ground of their
public character, for ihe same reason might some
incorporatsd mercantile firms be excluded, as in ght
also other classes of corpoiated person?, whose bu-
siness required legislative regulation There were
turnpike road*, and ferries, an^1 ma'kets, and grist
mills, and various otner«, that we regula'ed by le-
gislative authouty, because they were connected
with the public interest, they were «s much under
legislative control n banks, and could any one
say because they were regulated and controlki by
legislative authority for the public interest, fhty
were excluded from the operation of a bankrupt
law of a public char?cler He again dissented
from the Senator irom Sou'h Caio ma, who said
these banks coul 1 not be included ¡n the operation
of a bankrupt law, inasmuch as they were
not traders, and he contended that they, a* traders
m commercial paper, weie a¿ much within the obli-
gations of the law as any oiher class of traders.
But he objected to this bdl as inexpedient, and as
objectionable m lis character. It was, in fact, an
ex post facto law. He was aware the Supreme
Court ot the United States had decided that a pro-
hibited ex post fac'o \¿.w was in it" charao er ot a
criminal law only, but he (Mr Smith) contend-
ed that it was equally unconstitutional in respect to
civil as to criminal transactions; and what was this
bankrupt bill but an ex post facto law, intended to
operate on past mercantile and trading trans-
actions, and on contracts under which pro-
perty was parted with, without reference
to such an enavtmen', wh ch would be as
unjust as to charge, by lcgrlative enactment,
the rate of interest on loans made an'ecedenth'2
Now such a law should only operate, as in chan-
cery practice, on contracts made and unfulfilled, for
the reason that the contrast wa3 defective, and
could not be carried out. But he thought such a
law was objectionable ais >, as it would place the
honest trader at the mercy of the dishonest, ?« it
would put the goods of the prudent ard industrious
creditor in the hands of the improvident and ex-
travagant, who would thereby be encouragtd to
run into debt, and tor these and other various rea-
sons which he gave, ha objeced tc the passage ot
this bill.
At the close of hisiemaiks, the Senate went into
Executive session.
Ard then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, February 11, 1841.
After the journal had been read, Mr. StahLY
was excused from serving on the Committee on
Expenditures on the Public Buildings.
It appeared by the reading of the journal this
morning, that Mr Cr/sniNG and Mr Wist, w ere ap-
pointed on the part of this House of the joint com-
mittee to wait on General William Henry Hakri
son and notify him of his election as President of
the United States Mr. Preston is of the commit-
tee on the part of the Senate
Mr EVERETT, by leave, presen'ed the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Vermont, in relation to
the late New Jersey contested election case; which
were laid upon the table, and oidered to be printed.
Mr. BRIGG3 moved that the Hous  resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and íesume the consideration of the Pen-
sion bill.
The SPEAKER said there were two conflicting
orders before the House, v12- th* steamboat bills,
and the resolution adopted yesterday, on motion of
Mr. Andrews, that, at twelve o'clock to-day, the
debate on the Pension bill shall cease, and that the
Committee of the Whole shall, at that time, pro-
ceed to vote upon said bill, and such amendments
as may bs offered thereto, and shall then report
said bill, and such amendments as may have been
agreed to by (he committee, to the House. The
SPEAKER said that the only way to dispose of
these orders wou'd be bv devoting the morning hour
lo i he considerat on of the steamboat bills.
Mr BRÍGG3 mo/el to postpone the considera-
te r> of the steamboat bi Is until to morrow, at 12
o'clock
Mr GALBRAITH would prefer Monday next.
Mr MORGAN suggested Tuesday, the 16 h
inst Monday being petition d?y.
Th  question was then taken, and decided in the
atlii mauve
So the consideration of the steamboat bills was
posiponed until Tuesday next.
PENSION BILL.
On the motion of Mr. BRIÜGS, the House then
resolved itself into a Committee ot the Whole on
the s'a c ot the Union, (Mr Cliffoud in the
Chair,) and resumed the eo-icidcration of the bill
making appropriations for the payment of Revola-
t onary an i other pensioner  oí the United Sates
for the year 1341. The question p nding was the
amendment to the bill, orftred by Mr. Thompson
of Soulh Carolina, to appropriate me hundred
thousand dollars, to be expended under the direc-
tion of ihe Secretary of War, for the berefit of such
of the Seminole chiefs and warriors as may surren-
der tor emigration
Mr SMITH of Indiana being entitled to the
floor, obsirved, that in the few remarks he had to
make, he should Dot go out of his way to travel
over the ground occupied by many other gentle-
men. Neithei would he make any attack upon
the member from Ohio, [Mr. Giddikgs.] He
would endeavor to confine himself to the business
before the committee.
The question was on the amendment offered by
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr Thowp
son] to the pension bill. He, Mr. S regretted that
the passage of that bill should be delayed a ungle
moment, as it was due to ihe country that it should
pass lmmadialely. But, inasmuch as the amend-
ment had been introduced, hp deemed it his duty to
say a few words in opposition to it.
After 'orne further remaiks, Mi S prcceedf d to
say that he believed the Florida wai ongiuated on
jus'ifiable grounds, butwhetner that war had been
piosecuted so vigorously ac it ought to hate been,
he would not then pretend o discuss He had un-
derstood that it had been the object of the Govern-
ment t° bring the war to a close in a way honorp
ble to a warlike power. Bat now, in the last
days of ihe present Administration, a pioposm™
is made by one of the opposite party to buy out
those Indians.   He, Mr S believed it the duty of
the Government to bring these Indians to an un-
conditional submission, and not to bring the war to
a close by gmngthemmoney,ammunition,&e. He
did not think th's cou-se proper for ending the war,
and more especially as all the obloquy would be
ihrown upon the present Administration.
Mr S then al'uded to the remarks of Mr W.
Thompson m introducing the amendment, and re-
minded thatgentleman that, in the coming Adminis-
tration, they would have a hero—a war king—at
the head of it, under whose direction, if report was
trse, there could be no difficully in bringing these
Indians to unconditional submission.
Mr. S. after expressing at some length his opinion
that there was no danger of a war with Great
Britain, as anticipated by the member from South
Carolina, went on to say that he wanted the war in
Florida endeci^but ended in an hoaorable way.
Rather than it should be terminated in any other
way, he was willing to entail it upon the coming
Administration, and if they chose to fight it out,
then let them have all the glory. But if they should
think proper to buy the Indians out, then let them
have all the infamy.
But if the Indians were already "coming m" so
fast, wher« was the necessity for buying them out.
After some remarks in reply to the speech of Mr.
Proffit on a former day, Mr. S. concluded by sub-
mitting the following amendment.
"Provided, That money hereby appropriated shall
be charged and cons dered as advanced payment
on the part of the United States to the Seminóles
under the provisions of the treaty held at Payne's
Landing on the 9th day of May, 1832."
Mr. BRIGGS was surprised at the course taken
by the gentleman from Indiana The proposition
for thus ending the war came from the Secretary of
War himself, and it fell upon his (Mr. B'¡>) ears
wilh full satisfaction
The hour of twelve having arrived, the CHAIR
announced lhat the discussion, in pursuance of the
resolution adop'ed yesterday, must terminate.
Mr. B concluded by sending to the Clerk's table
the following letters, which were read for informa-
tion
"Head Quarters Army of the South,
"Tampa, January 26, 1841.
"Sir I have the honor to inform you that I have
now within the chain of sentinels at this post 150
Indians. Ten of that number are of the Mickasu-
kies, and the balance of the Tallahassee tribe.
This I view m a fa orable 1-ght, as their principal
chief, Echo-Emathla u with them, and they have
stated that their object in coming in is for the pur-
pose of emigrating Runners of the Mickasnkie
tribe have been sent out from Ports Clinch and No.
4, who have reported that they could bring in fifty
or sixty of their band. They are dally expected
here
' Should this result prove favorable, it will be a
leading feature in terminating this war, particular-
ly as it is combined with the arrival yesterday of a
party of Seminóles, from Pease creek, under charge
of my Aid-de-Camp, L-eutenant L. A. Armistead,
6th infantry.
"It is much to be feared that it will take some
time before any others in that portion of the coun-
try will be induced to come in, notwithstanding
every exertion on my part has been made to induce
them to do so; but 1 shall ¡«till continua to negotiate
with hopes of success
' So far as it relates to the Tallahassees, appear-
ances aie favorable, provided no disappointment
oicurs irom the promises and stipulations which
I have maFo them, and which I trust will be com-
plied with on the part of the Government These
stipulations were detailed in my communication to
the Department on the 16th mst. and I am con-
vinced that, had money 'been furnished me at an
early period, this war would have been termi-
nated, as these people have but little faith in pro-
mises
"Ihave just concluded a talk with Echo-Emathla,
the Chief of the Tallahassees, who says that the
