CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
few days afterwards, however, an estimate was
submitted by the Clerk to the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means, asking an appro-
priation of fifteen thousand dollars.
After specifying other instances, Mr L. ex-
pressed h s belief that it was time to inquire whether
it was necessary to expend $ 150,000 a year for con-
tingent expenses over and above pay and mileage
The House had no control over these expenditures
of its contingent funds The Committee of Ac-
counts hod no con'rol over them, the bills were paid
and receipted before they were laid before the com-
mittee, and when it was too late to do any thing in
regard to them Hence it followed that whenever
the Clerk of this House, without control or account-
ability, siw fit to .ipp'y th  funds, the House had
nothing to do but to ratify and sanction hia acts.
There ought, in Mr. L 'a opinion, to be some com-
mittee appointed which should have charge of these
matters before the expenditures were made
Mr. JOHNSTON oí New York addressed the
committee at much length on the subject of the
la^uses which had crept into this branch of the
public expenditures, and of the gross impositions
hat had been practised m the form ft enoi mous
prices paid for paper, of contracts made with sab-
agents, of lithography, &c declaring his own free-
dom from responsib lity in these matteis, as a mem-
ber of the Committee of Account , by reason of
the peculiar constitution of that committee.
Mr. J. animsdraied upon the conduct of the
Clerk in not attending personally to the purchase of
stationery and other articles Mr J. contended
that if the Clerk had so acted, instead of emp'oying
Mr. Langtree, a saving of ten thouswd dollars a.
year might have been made to Government in the
single article of staUo lery alone. If the C'erk
had gone himself to Philadelphia or New York,
and charged his expenses, that would have com-
ported wuh the spirit of the joint resolution But
when Mr. Langtree was employed as a sub agent,
he assumed the character of a stationer, pnd went
to New York, where, as such, he procured facera!
the wholesale prices, and resold it to Congress at an
immense pronr Njw, oos rved Mr. J if the
Clerk had gone himself, with the money m his
hand, he might have procured th" papel ?♦ the sime
prices, and without subjec ing tne Gov rnm nt to
the additional charge of .Mr. Langtree, or his
profit.
He (Mr. J ) objected against the employment of
any third person by the Clerk It wa-v a viola-
tion of every principle oí our Gjveinment for an
agent thus to delegate his power to a third person.
After a recapitularon of what had been done by
the Committee on Accounts on th.s subject at the
last session, Mr J proceeded to particularizo some
of the articles on which the sub-agent of the Clerk,
Mr Langtree, derived his profit, and which p-ofit
would have be n a gain to the Government had
the Clerk performed the duty himself Mr. J.
said that tne Lt'er paper wa> cha-ged at $6 50 per
ream, when abettor article could be purchased for
cash for $4 50 per ream
There was another most extraordinary c rcum-
stance attending this maUer He (Mr. J ) under-
stood that the paper manfacturers were always
ready to furnish ruled paper when required, at an
additional pnce oí fifty cents per ream But under
this sub-agency system, we were not only charged
$6 50 per ream for paper, which e mid be bought
at $4 50, but we weie charged fel 25 more per ream
for ruling •
Mr. J. then proceeded to state that a thousand
reams of paper had been brought to the House and
stowed away, more than would be wanted at the
present Congress. The whole amount was eigh-
teen hundred reams, only c ght hundred of which
was required. He had been mfoimed that the ex
cuseof Mr. Langiree was, that h-J (Mr L ) had
misunderstood the order of the Clerk, mistaking
eight hundred for eighteen hundred reams Mr J
here made some severe comments on this mods of
doing business, first paying an en irmous pnce for
paper, and then m addition to that, losing ihe inte-
rest on the money by receiving paper which would
not be required for a year t© come.
The Clerk had no tight to order stationery for
the next Congress,   If he was permitted to do it,
why then he had the same right to ord«r it for a
halt a century ahead.
After adverting |o what appeared to him the
extraordinary high bills of the €lerk for his ex-
penses while at New York ¡n attending to the sale
of damaged staticHety, Mr J proceeded to no-
tice the several impositions practised upon the Go-
vernment in relation to lithographing, and as an in<
stance of such abuses, Mentioned a case, where the
House had been charged a high amount for litho-
graphing, when not a single sheet of it had ever
been received, the whole having been consumed by
fire.
Mr. PROPPIT stated that, on a calculation
made by him, he found that the stationery bill for
this session alone was about $25 000, which was at
the rate of $103 for every member of the House
He was satisfied that $20 would pay tne stationery
bill of every gentleman thi-> year, and he hoped
that some member, better skilled in these things,
would make an estimate and submit it to the ac-
tion of the committee.
Mr UNDERWOOD said thai some years ago
he was on a committee appointed to investigate
into the stationery accounts of the House, and, af-
ter a minute examination, the commntee had come
to the conclusion that there was but one remedy,
and that was to pursue the course suggested by the
sentleman from Indiana, [Mr Proffit.] He (Mr.
TJ ) had intended to suggest to the committee a pro-
position that "in lieu of stationery and newspa-
pers, each member of Congress should be allowed
$— annually " The committee could fill us the
blank with any sum that might be commuted tobe
proper. This was the only remedy The same
complaint  had been made year after yepr, and
would continue to be made until the end of time
uniese, same such p'an as this were adopted.
Mr. JONES of Vuginia gave to tne committee
such information as h d been in possession ef the
Commitiee of Ways aid Mea"s in regard to (hese
estimate1-, and sta c d that the estimates of toe
Clerk hid been reduced, in ihe committee, $25,000
be'ow the amount contained in Ihose when had
been read at ihe Clerk's table. The committee had
supposed that ihe amount now asked for was about
the proper sum, and in that they had looked with a
proper eye to economy—an object which he was
as desirous to promote, when it could be properly
done, as any other gentleman. Mr J then replied
to certain portions of the argument of Mr Jonv-
ston, contending that blame, if blame th-re was,
should rest in the proper quarter, and that it did
not belong wrere the gentleman had laid it
Mr JOHNSON of Virginia also replied to the
remarks of Mr. Johnston of New York He said
that the Committee of Accounts had taken pains to
exanMne into the subject, and, after receding let-
ters from various stationers, had come to the c n-
clasion that the price paid by Governm°nt was a
just equivalent, and they also found that there had
been an absolute reduction in the puce So far
from being deceived in the purchase of the paper,
the committee came to the conclus on that it had
been purchased upon ti s best lernas.
After some remarks by Messrs JOHNSON of
Virginia, JOHNSTON of New York, LINCOLN,
and GRINNELL,
Mr. GRAHAM Mid, that the sum of $100,000
had already been appropriated for these specific
c bjects Economy and chanty ought to begin at
homp, and Mr G. moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the whole item of $25 000,
as the only way of putting an end to the abuses
which were undoubtedly practised
Mr. EVERETT said, there were two modes at
present bv which the extravagance in the finance 
of the House could be arrested. The first was to
adopt the pioposition of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Graham 1 He (Mr. E ) had put
a question to the gentleman from Nev York, [Mr
Johnston,] in regaid to the amount of stationery
now on hand. He (Mr E ) believed there was
enough to carry them through this «eason, and for
the commencement oí the next
Another mode within the power of the House
was to bring m a resolution to proceed in the elec-
tion of Clerk It was a course which every de-
partment took, where it was found that person 
in charge of funds had mi «applied them. This
he would do, were it not for the late period of the
session.
But he disapproved of making general laws in
an appropriation bill.
Mr. MORGAN said he believed that there was
much more stationery on hand than would be re-
quired for the next Congress!. If the appropriation
should be made, the Clerk would make another
journey to New York Mr. M was of opinion
that the fact could be established, that the Clerk
made a charge of $200 for his journey to New
York, about the time when he delivered his speech
at Castle Garden. Mr. M. was epposed to giving
fuither power to the present Clerk, because he had
no confidence that that officer would do justice to
the House, or make its purchases with economy,
and khe gave notice that he would, at the proper
time, offer the following amendment.
"And in the future delivery of stationery of
every description to members of the House, the
postmaster shall keep an account of the articles do
livered to each member, with the prices thereof;
and the Clerk of the House shall insert in his an-
nual report of the contingent expenses, the aggre-
gate amount of the value of stationery received by
the members respectively."
Mr. FLOYD, a member of the Committee of
Accounts, went into some statements relative to
the action of that committee, and insisted that the
contract for stationery, made by the present Clerk,
was better and far more economical for the Go-
vernment than the piactiee which prevailed before
he came into office Besides, stationers who had
been consulted upon this subject, had expressed
thsir opinion that ihe prices paid for the stationery
were very reasonable
As to the motion to strike out the appropriation,
he (Mi F ) had no objection to it, and supposed
that the Clerk had not.
Mr L WILLIAMS, after some remarks, said
he understood that Mr Ames of Springfield, Mas-
sachusetts, would have furnished paper of as good
a quality as that purchased by the Clerk, at half
puce.
Mr. BURKE said that Mr Ames's testimony be-
fore the committee was of an entirely different
character from that stated
Mr L. WILLIAMS inquired of Mr. Burke at
what price Mr Ames offered to dispose of his pa-
per.
Mr. BURKE said he did not know exactly, tutf
he was confident Mr Ames had placed no such
price as one half Mr B further remarked that
there were several samples, made by different pa-
per makers, submitted to Mr. Ames Some sam-
ples he offered to supply at fifty cents less per ream,
others he rated h gher than the price paid by tne
Clerk.
Mr L WILLIAMS supported at some length
the motion of Mr Graham
Mr. TILLINGHAST also expressed his desire
to vote for the amendment of Mr Graham,
though he did not wish to vote against the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Lincoln ]
Mr. LINCOLN here said that his only object
in submitting his motion was to bring the matter to
the consideration of the House, and, that being
done, he would now accept the amendment of Mr.
Graham as a modification of his own.
And the question being on the amendment as
modified—
Mr. TILLINGHAST then gave notice of bis
intention, if the amendment failed, to offer the fol-
lowing
"And nothing herein contained shall be construed
to authorize or sanction any contract for statione-
ry or otner articles of merchandise for the use of
the ensuing Congress, by any officer of the present
Congress, to an amount exceeding in the whole two
tnousand dollars."                                ,
Mr ADAMS sent to the Clerk's table a letter
from Mr W J. Sione of this city, relative to the
prices paid for lithography
The letter (Mr. A. said) was rather collateral to
the question, he had had it in his possession for
three months, but had had no opportunity of pre-
