CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
160
resolution for the relief of Masterton and Smith,
contractors for the marble work on the General
Post Office Building, and fci other purposes, wbicn
was read twice, and edered to be engrossed for a
third reading to moorow.
Mr. L by leave, printed a petition of Jacob
Kerr, praying i enumeration m land or mosey for
the loss of sundry bounty land warrants of which
he has been defrauded by the dishonesty of a Go
vernmeat agent, which petition was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr T W WILLIAMS, from the Committee
on Mi'eage, reported a bill to establish, a more uni-
form rule of computing mileage and per diem com-
pensation of members of Cong ess, whicn was
rpsd twice, and committed to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr CLIFFORD, (in behalf Mr. John W. Da-
vis, who is confined by sicKne«s,) from the Se'ect
Commutee,to wmch was referred a letter from John
C Kives, oie of the punters to the House, dated
the 31st ultimo, and the memorial of Hugh A.
Garland, Clerk of the House, dated tne 4th mitán',
(both communications referring to a controversy
between the parties, as to the power of the Clerk to
control the binding of Congressional document ,
and the printing of the «pecial orders oí the House,)
made a report tnereon, which was ordered to lie on
the table
Mr FILLMORE, from the Committee of Elec-
tion , reported a bill regulating the taicing testimo-
ny in cases of contested elections, and for other
purposes, which was read twice and committed to
a Commit'ee 01 the Whole.
Mr. YANDERPOEL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, repor ed a bill to provide for the
support of the Mih'ary Academy for the yeai
184), wh'ch «as read twice, and committed to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
On motion of Mr. JONES of Virginia, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was d scharged from
the further consideration of the petition ot the city
council oí St Louis, asking an apptopnation
for the improvement ot the harbjr of the
city of St Louis ot the petition of ti e ^ha-
bitants of Preble coarty, Ohio, in relation to the
Cumberland road, and of the renurn of the Mo
bile and New Oileans Railroad Compary, which
weie severally laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. JONES of Virginia, the same
committee was di charged from the further consi-
deration of the papers m relation to an appropria-
tion for the purchase of a site and erection of an
arsenal at Charleston, South Caiohna, which pa-
pers were laid upon ihe iaole
On motion of Mr COOPER of Georgia, the same
committee was discharged liom thf further consi-
deration of the pet Hon of Asa Arming'on, and it
was laid upon the table
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, rarer ted a bill for tne relief of
Ephraim W Burr and A. P Sm-th of Rhode
Island, which was read twice, and committed to a
Committee of the Whole
Mr H also made an unfavorable report on the
petition of C de la Hd landiere, which was laid
upon ihe table.
Mr. JAREO W WILLIAMS, from the Com-
mittee of Clours, to which* was re'erred Ihe peti-
tion of Pearsoa Cogswell, late marshal of the dis
tnct of New Hampshire, made a report theieon,
accompanied by ab 1!, which was read-twice, arid
commuted to a Comm ttee of the Whole.
Mr. W from the same committee, to whi h was
referred the b 11 from the Senate en .tied "An act
for the relief of Daniel G Skinner of Alabama,'
reported the same vu'hont amendment, wmch fa.
commit ed to a. Committee of t e Whole
Mr RUSSELL, trom the same eommi tec, to
uhioh was referred Sc iate bills en,ted "An act
for ti e re k-f < f Ephraim I) Dicksoi," t-t- ported Ihe
same without imtDument, which was coirrnited to
a Committee ot if tí Whol 
Mr R t cm the san e committee, \j which were
refeired Setid c oil s entitled ' An «¡ct for the reaef
of James H Re!te,"ant "An set for the reuef of
Clements, Brjan and Company," reported the same
with amendment!., which were severally committed
to a Committee of ihe Whole
Mr R from the same committee, to which was
refer ed Senate bill entitled "An act for the rebel
of John C Reynolds, late disbursing agent of the
Indian Department," made an adverse repoit there-
on, and the bill was committed to a Commutes oí
the Whole
Mr R. from the came committee, to which was
referred ihe Senata bill entitled "Au act to autho-
rize the Secrt ary of War to adju't and pay to Ben-
jamin Murphy, of Arkansas, the value of his com,
cattle, and hogs, taken by the Cherokee Indians m
the month of December, 1828, made an unfavora-
ble repott thereon, and the bill was committed to a
Committee of the Whole.
Mr DAWSON, from the same committee, to
which was referred the petition oí J. W Nje, as-
s gnee of Pttei Bargy, made an unfavorable report
theret n, which report was laid on the table.
Mr. D. from the sime commi tee, to which was
referred the Senate bill entitled ' An act m addi-
t on to an act f0r the relief of Walter Loomis and
Abel Gay, approved July 2, 1836," made an ad
verse report thereon, and the bill was committed to
a Committee of the Whole.
Mr D from the sime committee, reported a bill
further to continue m force tu  "Act foi the pa^ -
ment of horses and other property lost m the mili-
tary service of the United ¡states," wh ch. was read
a third time, and passed
Mr GIDDINGS, from the same committee, to
which was referred the Senate bill entitled "An
act to authonze the accounting omcers of th*" Trea-
sury to settle the accounts of Francis Gehon, lata
marshal of Wiskon-an," made an adverse report
thereon, and ihe b 11 «as comi,u'ted to a Commit
Ice oí the Whole
Mr (i also m?de an unfavorable report on the
petition of Ann Mason Tutl, which «as lail upon
the table
Mr CURTIS, from the Committee en Com-
merce, to which was referred the bill from the Se-
nate entitled ' An act to authorize the Secretary
of the Tieasury to procure steam vessels for the
rrvenue service," reported the same without
amendment committed
Mr. GALBRAITH, from the   Committee  of
Claims reported adversely on th  petition of Win
Jones, late Pos-tmdSler of the City of Washington
laid on the table.
M- TOL4ND, fiom the Committee on Com-
merce, repeled a bill foi tne rel ef of Rebecca
Guest, executrix of John Guert, deceasec', ac-
ompamedby a report, wo ch bill wa read tw ce,
^nd ecmuitted
A message was received the Presilent of the
United States, by Mr Abraham Van Bur n, h s
private Secretary, notifying that the PieMdent dii,
on the 21 of Februarv, instant, approve an eniol'ti
bill entitled "An act miking temporary p'owsioi
for lunanc in the D s ric' of Columbia "
Tne following me isige, received from the Pr<s-
d nt of the United States on the 8 a instant, w«s
read as fo'lows
To the   Smite  and   Hoiise of Re re<et Ixttves cf the
United Sta e<
Isransn.it hpfewih'be copy ot a i port f om
I ih- eommissiontrs for the exploiation and surve>
cf the Northea t<>rn bou ldary, in addition to the
documents -ent to Ct ngreys, with a refer«nc to a
fnither appropriation fci 'he completion of the lul>
en'mstel *o tho couimiE^or
M   VAN BUREN
Washinston, Februarv 8, lb41
Ordered, That sail me« ase be referred to the
Corrm ttee on Foreign Affairs
Mr CRABK a ked and obtained leave fo intro-
duce a bi'l to pxp'am "An act for the relief of
Termi«on and Williamson," anpioved March 3,
1339, reíd twice a"d comim'ted
Mr CHAPMAN, on leave, subm tied the fol-
lowing, VI?
Metalad That the Committee on tre Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into ilv>
exi eliency of establishing a post route frrm Jack-
sonville, Alabama, by White Plains Adrian's Fer-
ry, on Tallapoosa nvcr, Alabama Gold Mines, fo
Carrollton, Georgia.   Also, of establishing a lon'e
from Lowsviile, Madison  county, Alabama,  t 
Trenton, in Jackson county, same State.
And then, at a quarter past 5 p. m. the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, February 13, 1841.
After the journal had been read,
On motion of Mr CLIFFORD, the House re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
stite of the Union, (Mr. Banks in the chair) for
the purpo-e of consiuermg, during the morning
hour, the bill making appropriation for completing
the survey of the Nortneas'ern boundary of the
United States
It was discovered, however, that the bill had been
"em to the printers, and that it could not be obtain-
ed in any reasonable time
Mi EASTMAN of New Hampshire hoped the
committee would take up the bill recently intro-
duced by him, extending for five years the act of
1838, granting half pay to certain widows and
orphans
Mr. PICKENS" moved that the committee rise.
The question was put, and the committee was
counted by tel'erj—ayes 40, noes 81.
So the comrm tee lefused to rre
The CHAIR here decided that the rules were
suspended for the special purpose of acting on a
particular subject, and that it would not therefore
be in order to take up any other matter.
A bill was here furnished by Mr Cushins, of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, which he said was
a copy of the bill reported by the committee.
Mr DROMGOOLE asked the Chair if this were
the identical bill reported by the Committee on Fo-
reign Affairs
Mi  CUSLlINGc said he could answer.
Mr OPwOMGOOLD would not receive his an-
sv er, and demanded that the Chair or Clerk re-
spoid lo ti e mqui'y whether the bill now present-
ed was toe ide.uu al bill report d by the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs
Tne Cl rk answered it was not
Mr. CUSH1NG said it was a true copy
Mr DROMGOOLE called on the House not to
act upen any bill which was not the biff actually
repor ed to the House, and spoke as to the danger
which mi ht arise from the practice now proposed
to be pursued by sübstituüng a bill said to be a copy
of the bill
As tne true bill could not be produced, another
motion was made that the committee rise
And the question being put, a quorum did not
vo i, upon which the commutes rose and reported
that fact.
I he SPE ¡\KER counted the House, and reported
th.it a huge quorum was present, and the House
a-jain. resumed its session in Committee of the
Whole
Mr EVANS admitted that, according to a strict
adherence to rule or form, the objections taken by
Mr Dromcoolb were correct, but, in point of fact,
the Hous" in a'mest all cases acted upon bills
winch v,t.rt only transcripts of the originals. It
acted upon punted b'lls, the originals being filed
¿w<iy m the Cleik s cilice.
Mr DROiViGOOLi. explained, and showed that
the d lis jpon wlucn the Hou~e usually acted were
equal to the originals, as they were the official
runted copie-sjfroni the c riginals, the original  them-
selves, if any doubt aro*e, being not only within
reach cf, but in tactwithm the actual possessioa
or, the Uojse, aid m ght be considered a  actually
before it
The original Mil still nothing fortneommg—
Mr CA.YE JOHNSON moved that the com-
mittee  ise                                  ,           , .,
The question was taken by tellers, and there ap-
pe led    ayes 44, noes 82
Ai   i remarks from several gentlemen as to the
pioptr course ot proceeding-
Mr SMITH moved that the committee do pro-
ceed to act rpon the bill substituted by Mr. Cush-
INTne question was put—A¡ es 32, noes 50.
And so the committee determined to acton the
bill hand d m by Mr Co-hing
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked if there was any mode
by which it could be ascertained that the bill which
