ITO                                            CONGEESgíONAL GLOBE.
the committee had voted to act upon, was a true
transcript of the original bill.
Mr. CUSHING thought it was too late to ask
that question. The committee had decided to act
upon the transcript handed in by him, copy or no
copy Mr. C. went on to explain the provisions
of the bill, and sta'ed that it was identical, is. sub-
stance, with the original.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the bill
by reducing the appropriation from $75,000 to
$37,500.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out $37,500, and inserting $20,000
Some discussion followed directed mainly to the
proper extent of tne appropriation, in which Mews
ALBERT SMITH, UNDERWOOD, GUSHING,
HAWES, PETRIKIN, PICKENS, TILLING
HAST, and VANDERPOEL (the latter of whom
suggested a compromise of $50,000) participated
Mr PROFFIT was proceeding to make some
remarks, when, the hour having elapsed, the Chair-
man announced the fac', and the committee there-
upon rose, (without action,) and reported progress
BURNING OP THE CAROLINE ANO THE
CASE OF McLEOD.
Mr. RICKENS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, s^ade the folio wm¿ report, which was or-
dered to bfc printed
The Conjmiftee on Foreign Affairs, to whom was
referred the* Message of the President, transmitting
a correspondence with the British Minister in, rela-
tion to the burning of the steamboat Caroline, and
the demand made for the liberation of Mr. Alexan-
der MoLeod, respectfully report
It appears that the steamboat "Caroline" wa=i
seized and destrojed m the mi nth of December,
1837 The committee are indued to believe that
the facts of the casa are as follows The boat was
owned by, and in pis«es=ion of, a citizen cf New
York. She was cleared from thf City of Buffalo,
and, on the morning of the 29th of December,
1837, she left the pen of Buffalo,bound foi Schlos
ser, upon the Amcucin side of the Nngaia n er,
and within the territory oí t ¡e United Stiles The
original intention seened to te, to lun th* boat be-
tween Buffalo ?nd Scl. os*cr, or, peiha*p«-, from
Black Rock d?m to Scbl sser, and, should it stem
profitable, it was ni'ended to lur het ?Ko to Navy
Island, and touch at G mi Is mil and Tenas i«d ■
Her owner wa Mi Wells, '-aid to be a respeclab'e
citizen of Buffalo, and it is obvious hisinteiili n in
putting up the b<at was one of speculation arid
profit entirely The excitement upon that portion
of the frontrer, at this period, had collected a great
many in the ncighboihood—some from curiosity—
some from idien^s—and ot ers Irom takina an in-
terest in the unusual and extraordinary collection of
adventurous men ga'hered ttge hi r at tf at time on
Navy Island Navy Wind was  "nominally" m the
Bn'ish ' temtoiy "
The owner ot the Carol ne to< k advantage of
these circum lances to make soirn i, otiey with his
boat, by running her as a ferry boat, over to Navy
Island AH these fatts appear from testimony
regularlv taker, ( ee II H Doc No 302 page 46
and 39, 2d Session, 25 n Congrí,) and the com
mi lee know of in lt-i,al evidtnee to contradict
them Theie is no pre of that any aim or mu-
nitions of wai wire curried m ihe bo-it, except,
perhaps, one small ^ j ¡ on i ler field-,) ece belonging
to a passesgei T e puncipal object was to run
the be at as a fe ry b a' trora ischlo s jr, on tne Ame
rican side, to INavy Island, o i the B nish ide it
is believed lint, even in wa,, a neutral po^cr has
Ihe right to trade in contraband art cíes, subject, of
course, to seizure and conn cation, if taken withm
the jarisd c ion of cither of ihe cot tending parties
What is contraband of uar is rot a'ways certain
Treaty stipulation t-equently i¡ elude «orne arti-
cles, and ciclu '(• of ers reccmsed in the law of
nations Tradin' n c ntrabai d articles is no ex-
cuse for invading ihe tetri ory aria soil of a neutral
and independent power, who e pnva'e citizsr s may
choose to run the hazards of Mch s> trade. In thu
instance there were i'o iw i fore gn po« ers engaged
m wa', but all concerned m the ou'brepk or excite-
ment withm the British jun-diCtion, claimed to be
British subjects, m resistance of the authorities of
Canada, a province of the British empire.   Even
admitting, then, that the Caroline was engaged .n
contraband trade, yet it wao with citizens who
claimed to be subjects of the same empire with
those who were styled the legitimate officers of the
Province. Aostractly speaking, how was a privat*
citizen to decide who were right and who wrong in
these loca! disputes'? And which portion of citizens
of the same province must oar citizens refuse to
have any com mu a ¡cation with1 But the boat was
merely used for one day as a ferry boat, and on th?
nirjht of the day she commenced running, she was
suz d while mooied at the wha^i in Sehlosser, and
burnt Several men weie assays natec', certainly
one, who fell, dead upon the dock Now the insi-
nuation of ihe Briti h Minister, that Seblosspr was
"nominally" wiihia th= territory of the Untied
States, may well be retorted, as we can wtlh equal
truth say that Navy Island was "nominally" withm
the "territory" of the British Government, for at the
period to which we allude the people collected theie
had as effectually defied Canada au honties as
any portion of our peop'e had disregarded ours
Yet Bnti-h authonty thought proper to pass by
Navy Island, then in us "nominal" territory, and
in the plenitude of its power, to c?st the Eeg,s of
Britiih jurisdiction over American soil This was
truly extending over us that kind guardianship
which they had not the ability at that time to
extend to a portion of their own teintory, and
which recommends lfelf to us, full as much from
its assumption as from its love of r ght or law
The British Minister is pleaded also to call 'he
Carolina a "piratical steamboat " The loose epi-
thets of any one, no matter how high in place,
cannot m'ke that ptr cy which ihe law of nations
does not rec grase as such Pirres are fretbooieis,
enemies cf the human race, and eminent juri:> s de-
scribe them as ravaging every sea and coast with
no flag and no home. Piracy comes under the con-
urrecnt jurisdiction of all nations. Even in tne
worst po nt of vi w that it can be coT-idered, those
ronnee'ed v uh ths Mcamboat Caroline were but
aiders and abe tor1- of others engaged in rebellion
And the eommittte aie totally at a loss to know
upon wnat autho-tty rebela n is recognise 1 as pi-
racy Such confounding of terms is resting the
cas  upen opuhe s, inst ¿el of sound law or fact'
Ru> even supposing it to bt i> "pira'ie?! boat," as
the Minis er as eit, it to be, y t the moment it
touched our sod it 'e 1 nndei our sovere gnty, and
no power < n eaith could rightfully mvide it
There is no doclnue more conscrn'ed in English
history, thai that every huinan being whs touches
the soil of Great Britain is lmmer'iately covered by
Bri ish law Suppose one of her ves el* weie cut
Irom the bark of the Thiims and burnt by
Frenchmen, and British atzens were a^sas
smate 1 at m iit, and the Fiench Mia ster were
to avow that trey rteted under the orders
of hs G vcmnent, and t>iat die ves=el was
"piraticil" and the citz^ns murdered weie
ou'laws—tnen th^io is not a i Enirtishman wnoie
hciut would not beat hi?h t > avenge the wrong ard
vindicate the rigMs ot his country The law
there is the law here An 1 ihere is no inter nation
al h* eonsi.tent wi'n the st párate muependence of
nailon , hat sancuons tne pursuits o* even pirates
to murdtr aidar on over ih'' soil ard jurisdiction
of one rf tli-  S ates of tois Confederacy No
giea'ei wiong can oe don  to a country than mva
sion of sul !t it (gn b^ din^ ¿t/ith impjnity al
one po nt, and on one occasion, i can be done at
au her, an 1 th^ notion thai submits to it, finally
sinks down into dnv >llirn' imbecility II a repro-
sentatio i of ¡he state of th ngs a> Sehlosser, ?nl
the conduct of those who had central of the Caro-
line, had first been rr>ade 10 the proper authorities
of New York, or of the United S ates, then ihsre
would have b ei =ome show at lea t of respect for
our sovereignty and independence, gnd a disposi-
tion to treat us as an eqnal Put m this case, as if
to ireat our authorities with contempt, there wa  no
preliminary demand or representation made
It was hoped mat he outrage was perpetrated by
a party id sudden he<u and excitement, upon their
own responsibly Bat the British Minister now
a.vows that' the act was the public act of persons
obeying the constituted authorities of her Majesty^
Province," and agam affirms that "it was a public
act of persons m her Majesty'   service, obeying
the orders of their superior authorities "
If ¡his had been the first and only point of colli-
sion wuh. Great Britain it might not have excited
such mtere.t, but there is an assumption in most of
our intercourse with tnat great power, revoking to
the pride and spirit of independence in a foe peo-
ple. If it be h> r desire to preserve peace, her true
policy would be to do jus'ice, pnd show thit courte-
sy to equals which she has always demanded from
others The committee do not desi e to press
views on this pait of the subject, narticularly as a
demand has b en maf'e by our Government upon
the Government of Great Britain for explanation
as to the ou'rage committed, the answer to which
it is hoped will prove sa israc'ory.
As to the ot>~er points presented m the demand
made by the British Minister for the "liberation"
of Alexander McLeod, the committee believe the
facts of t ie case to be, that the s'eamboat was
seized an^ burnt as stated befoie, and that a cm-
zen or citizens of New York were murdered in the
affray And there were reasons to induce a belief
that McLeod was particeps cnmims He was at
first arrested, and upon various testimony being
taken, was then dischaiged. He was afterwards
arrested a second time. Upon the evidence then
presented, he was imprisoned to await his trial.
The'e was no invasion of British territory to seize
or take him. But upon his being volnntauly with-
in our territory, he was arrested as any citizen of
the United S'ates, charged with a similar offence,
might have been. We know of no law of rations
t'i?t would exempt a man from arrest and impri-
sonment for offenceij charged to be committed
against the "peace and dignity" of a State, because
he is a subject of Great Britain, or because he com
m't'ed the crime at the instigation or under the au-
thon y of Butish Provincial officers, much less do
we know of any law that would justify the Presi-
den to deliver him up without trial, at the demand
and upen the assertion as to facts, of any agent of
the British Government Ifwenad been at open
war with Great B-itain, and McLead had commit-
ted 'he offences charged, ihen he might have fallen
nndei the rules and regulatiens of war, and been
treated as a prisonei of the Unued States Govern-
ment, and would have been subject to the laws of
nations in war. But as the alleged criminal act«,
in which McLerd is charged to be implica'ed, were
co'timiUed in profound peace, it is a crime, as far
as he may be concerned, so ely against the "peace
aiid dignity" of the State oí New York, and her
cum nal junsd etion is complete and exclusive. If
the crimes committed be such as to make a man
h s'ts hamam genus—an outlaw—a pirate, in the
le?al acceptation < f the term, then under the law of
nation , the United States courts and tribunals
would have junsd'ction. But the offence charged
in thu, c?se, committed as it was in time of peace,
as far is this individual was concerned, was one
purely sgamst the lex loci, and coming exclusively
withm the criminal jurisdiction of the tribunals of
New Yoik.
The Minister, in his letter of the 13th December,
1840, says ' it is quite notorious that Mr. McLeod
was not one of the party engaged in the destruction
of the steamboat Caroline, and that the pretended
cnarge upon which he has b^en imprisoned rests
only upon tne perjured .testimony of certain Cana-
dians, outhwi and their abettcs," &e. This may
perchance all be so, but it would be asking a great
deal to require an American court toyie d jurisdic-
tion, and surrender up a pn*oncr charged with of-
fences agairst the law, up ,n ti e mere ipse dixit of
A íy n-a \ ro matter how high m authority Whe-
tner McL od be guilty or not guilty, is the very
pont upon whici aa American jury alone have a
right to decide Jj> isdiction in Slate tnbim,!.ls over
citmMal cases, and trial by a jmy of the venue, are
essential points m American jurisprudence. And
it is a tbtal misapprehensicn as to the na'ure of
our sys em, 'o «uppose trat there is any right in the
Fedeia! Executive to a-rest the verdict of the one,
or thwart ihe juri diction of the other If such a
power existed, and were exercised, it would effec-
tually oierihrow, and upon a vital point, the sepa-
rate sovereignty and independence of these Slates.
The  Federal  Executive might be  clothed wttj?
