■"■■■'■        '     ■    -■■'•       -------------:..pmiii .                    II',                 '..i     ■---------------
power to deliver up fugitives from justice for of-
fences committed against a foreign State, but even
then it might not be obligatory to do so, unless it
were made matter of treaty stipulation. This duty
and right in an Executive has generally been con-
sidered as dormant, until made binding by treaty
arrangement. But when the matter is reversed,
and demand is made, not of fugitives from justice
for offences committed agaiost a foreign power,
but for the liberation of a man charged with of-
fences against the peace and dignity of one of our
own Sta es, then it is, that the demand becomes
preposterous in the extreme. The fact the offences
were committed under the sanction of provincial
authorities does not alter the case, unless we were
in a state of war. In such cases as the present,
the power to deliver up could not be conferred
upon the Federal Executive by treaty stipulation.
It could only be conferred in those cases over which
jurisdict iou is cleariy delegated by the Federal Coti-
stitutionc Such, for ins'ance, as treason, which is
an f ffene against the conjoined sovereignty of the
Sla'e-s, as defined in the Constitution. Over all
cases except those defined in the Constitution, and
those coming clearly under the laws of nation?, the
States have exclusive jurisdiction, and the trial and
punishment for offences sgainst them, are incident
to their separate sovereignty. It is not pretended
in this case that thera is any treaty stipulaiion under
which thedsaiand is made; and the Federal Execu-
tive, under our system, has no power but what is
conferred by the Constitution, or by special law of
Congress. In the former it is declared that "the
Executive power is vested in a President sf the
United Slates," and that power is then to be pointed
out and defined by special laws passed from lime
to time, imposing such duties as are thought proper
and expedient by Congress.                                      I
Your committee deem it dangerous for the Et- !
ecutive to exercise any power over a subject-matter
not conferred by treaty or by law; and to exercise
it in any case m conflict with Stats jurisdiction,
would be worse than dangerou-; it would be usur-
pation.
But your committee forbear to press these points
further at present, and they would not have said as
much on such clear q-iestions of international law,
but that in this case, the demand for liberation has
been made by the accredited agent of a great pow-
er, and under crcumstancei of peculiar aggrava-
tion and excitement.
We have other points ef difference with Great
Britain, which add interest to every question that
arises between us at present. Neither our North-
eastern or Northwestern boundaries are yet settled
with her, and the subject is not entirely free fro n
difficulty. She has recently seized our «essels and
exercised a power involving ihe light of search, un-
der the pretext of suppressing the foreign slave
trade, which, if persevered in, will sweep our com-
merce from the coast (f Africa, and which i* in-
compatible with our rights as a maritime power.
She has recently, in her intercourse with u«, re-
fused indemnity arid denied our rights to property,
on a subject-matter vital to neat one half the States
of this Confederacy, and which, considering her
military position at Bermuda and her growing
power m the "West indies, is of the last importance
to our national independence.
All these subjects make every question be-
tween us, at this peculiar juncture, oí the deepest
interest.
Besides this, we are both permanently destín?d
to have, perhaps, the most extensive commerce
of modern nations. Our flags float s.de by -ido,
over every sea, and bay, and inlet of the Ucosn
globo.
Sha moves steadily upon her objects with en
ambition that knows no bounds. And wherever
she has had a conflict of interest ¡she has rarely
yielded to any power.
At this iHoment she- piesents to the civilized
world the spectacle of 'ise greatest mihafary and
commercial pov.er m combination ever known.
From her vast possessions in every quarter of
the globe, and her peculiar comraercial system, she
has been, made the reservón cl the wealth of na-
tions.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Her internal resources, skill, labor, and machi-
nery, with her capital, are beyond calculation.
Her natural position, being about midway the
coast cf Europe, gives her great control over the
outlets and currents of commerce.
Her military occupation of Gibraltar, Malta,
the Ionian islands, and recently of St. Jean d'Acre,
give her ascendency on the Mediterranean and the
Levant, while St. Helena and the Cape of~Good
Hope give her possession over the currents of trade
along ihose extensive coasts, Tnen Bombay, Cal-
cutta, and her immense possessions in the East In-
dies, together with her recent movements in the
China seas and inlands, enable her to extend her
power over those vast regions that have slumbered
for ages in solitary and enervated magnificence.
She possesses Falkland island but to control the
commerce that passes around Cape Horn—while
Ti inidad gives her all she desires in the Caribbean
sea. Halifax at one point, and Bermuda at another,
stand out m great force over our own coast from
one extremity to the other.
Her positions all over the world are at this mo-
ment, in a military point of view, equal to a mil-
lion of men under arm"!. Her continual conflicts
in the mighty regions of the E-ist, only enable her
officers to become skilful and to improve in the art
of war, while her great armies and extensive fleets
draw their support from the immense countries
seized and occupied. In the pressnt junctuie of
affairs, no statesman can overlook these things.
Steam power has recently brought us so near to-
gether, that in the event of any future conflict,
war with its effects will be precipitated upon
with mach more rapidity than formerly.
Avarice and ambition are the ruling passions of
modern times, and ¡t is vain to shut our eyes to the
state of things around us. It remains to be seen
what effect steam power is to have upon chars tig
and modify ing the whole art of defence mid war.
It may be a great engine iur again levelling man-
kind, and reducing every thing to a contest ot
mere phjsical force. In that event it might bz
difficult to conjecture what system of national de-
fence will stand the test of time and experience.
We have a deep stake in peace, and fondly
hope the repose of the world will not be distctrbed-
We have certainly not the least desire for any
rupture. Firmness, and a wise preparation, wdl
long preserve us from such a catastrophe. But
while no temptation should ever prompt i,s to do
injustice on lh-5 one hand, so no consideration, on
the other hnnd, should ever induce us to submit
to permanent wrong from any power on earth, no
milter what the consequences may be.
Your committee would eonclodeby expressing a
firm belief that all our points of difficulty may be
honorably and amicably adjusted, and that haimn-
ny may long be preserved by both Governments
purs«i!:ga liberal and generous policy, congenia! to
the interest-! and feelings of both people, and com-
patible with ihe spirit and genius of an enlightened
age.
Mr PÍCKENS movtd that the re;ort be lail on
the table pud printed.
'Mr. EVEJISI'T sasges'cd the propriety of col-
lectirg and pii'utiiig together, in one pamphlet, ail
the docurten's upon the subj ct.
Mr. HAWES objected to the reception of the
report, uale-is it was in order to make it.
The SPEAKER slid the repoit could not be re-
ceived unless hv consent of ad parties.
Mr. HAWEd then objected.
Several members suggested that it vas now too
late to make the objection, as fhs report was actu-
ary before the House, and motions hai been made
and entertained lespec'ing it.
The SPEAKER h-'te decidid thai the objection
should have been made when Mr. Pickpns pro-
posed to uibmi' the report: that, not h-aring any
objection, he had receive:! the report, and proposi-
tions were enUrtamei respecting it; and thai it was
now too late to raise the otj?r.lio .
The reading of the report was called for, and it
was read atcordirgly.
Mr. EVERS fT renewed his proposition to in-
clude in ihe printing all the documents upon the
subifci, a list ot which he furnished.
Mr. GRANGER rose and moved a division of
171
the question—first, on the motion to lay on the
table; and then, on the motion to print.
And the motion to print-being debatable—
Mr. GRANGER said that he considered this re-
port, if acted upon and adopted by the House, as
approaching very nearly, in its- csnsequehces, to a
declaration of war, if the British Government
should desire so to consider it. He woulft lake
occasion to say, as a member of the Committee oa
Foreign Affairs, that the report did not receive his
assent. And he felt constrained to detain the
House for a few moments whilst he assigned, very
briefly, his reasons for this conclusion.
What (continued Mr. G.) was the position of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs when they en-
tered upon the consideration of this question? My
colleague [Mr. Fillmore] had called upon tha
State Department for the correspondence which had
taken place in relation to the demand for the libe-
ration of McLeod. That matter, and that alone,
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
It is not my purpose to censure tse conduct of this
Administration; for, so far as my judgment can
now determine, I approve fully the course they
have taken. That opinion may, upon further re-
flection, be changed; but, a<s at present advised, I
consider ihe course of Mr. Forsyth to have been "
such as v.'as due to his high official station and due
to the character and dignity of this nation. But,
so considering, and representing a section of coun-
try deeply interested in this question, aad as ready
to meet its c «sequences as the people of any other
section of this Union, I still dissent from the re-
port.
What does it embrace?   A report upon matters
referred to the Committee of Foreign Affairs?  No-,
nothing, as I have stated, was referred to that com-
mittee but the correspondence in relation to the de-
mand  for  the  liberation of McLeod.    D;es  that
committee act upon a call ot the Executive of this
nation, made upon this Hsu.se,  to place before the
country and Ihe world the condition  of things  be-
tween the United States and Great Britain?   No.
The Executive, mindful, as we are bound to believe,
of the honor si the country, as well as of the cha-
racter of his own administration, has not thought
proper to call upon either House of Congress for
advice in regard  to our relations with Great Bri-
tain.   What, then, is the position of that committee?
Tra«eliin  beyond the record, they come forward
aad present (by the votes of a bare majority, I will
say, if in order) a report which, to say the least of it,
is not pacific in its character, and which is based
upon complaints against ¡he BrttWi Government,
not one of  which  has been  rtfened to that com-
mittee.   When, or by whom, have the Committee
on Foieiga Affairs been called on to consider sei-
zures upon tlw high seas or this a'leged right of
s?arch? which, Í agree with the committee, is one
|  vhich this nation 13  not likely to tolerate in the
manner  in wn.ch it is now exerused.    When, or
by whom, were thi other  matters of controversy
which that report em'cranes referred  to the Com-
mit'e on F .reign Affair?, that ihey might make re-
pore upon them?    And,  if to, what have they re-
ported?    Have tney  sent here a document setting
forth the alleged  g'iievances of this country, com-
plHim*,g cf loju-tice doce on the part of Great Bri-
tain, f.ud calling for the action cf this House  upon
those maf.eis?    Has the chairman of the  Commit-
tiff oc'Wa}", and Means came forward to say that
he is prep ¡red tj recommend appropriations to put
ihe c 'ui.try in a proper state of defence to meet tbe
emer-reney which such a reportas this m%y create?
Is your Commit ee on Military Affa'K leady to re-
cocimend tne defences which should be provided
if tuch aicport is togo forth to ihe world, under
the s it-ctbn of ihii House?   Has your Committee
on N,vdI Affairs sent  in  requisitions to put  ycur
'h'ps m commission, thai ycu may be prepared to
m-> t 00 the high sea* the power you have before
m.«t;tiocnpp!ed?   No.    There has been no  such
recommendation.   And the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, without recommending sny action, without
even coming to any conciuMon, as it seems to me,
except that Great Britain is the greatest power oa
I earth, and we the humblest, bring here a report
calculated to inflame the whole nation; and to let
it go forth to the world that we are making an ' 
