CONGRESSIONAL jGLOBE.
1?3
prepared to assert our rights. But, rely upon i', if
you take the advice which indirect1 y has been
given by the gentleman from New York—if you
proclaim semi officially from your seats here that
these matters are not to be printed in their true
light to the People, then there will be danger ef a
conflict: for it is not in the nature oí man—it is not
in the nature of a nation lik« ibis, when it sees a
rival power contending for the ascendency of the
world, to speak language of submission or the lan-
guage of avoidance, to say the least of it. A great
people like this cannot, under such circumstance'!,
forbear, and they would be pressed upon every
point, until at last an appeal to arms and to 'as
God of battles became inevitable.
It is to avoid these consequences—it is fcr
the purpose of letting the people know the true
condition nf things and the real state of the issue— "
that this report has been presented. I ask no action
apon it; I desire to say nothing that can be con-
strued into an intimation or threat that war is to
follow. I believe the contrary, and conscientious-
ly viewing Ihe matter in sll its bearing , I present-
ed this report upon my sole and entire responsibili-
ty, except, as I have sjid, so far as I had the aid
and consultation of a majority of the Committee
of Foreign Affair*; yes, a bare majority, as the
gentleman from New York has toid. And it i>
with regret and paw that I eontemp'a'e Ihe fact
that it is only a majority report I had hoped that
upon the que tton of our foreign r nations theie
were no parties in this country, and that we should
have met the issue, whatever it may be, as a united
and free people ought to meet it.
Mr. ADAMS obtained the floor, but yielded it to
Mr. GRANGER, who said, if the House will
listen to my bag-pipe a few moments longer,! '«hall
feel exceedingly obliged; ard if its music is not so
loud as that of my fnead from South Carolina,
[Mr. Picksns] U is only because I cannot fill my
bags wiih as much wind as he can blow into his.
Sir, I speak by no authority other than tint of a
Representative of the people of the State of New
York. My own course would have been to suffer
this report to pass by in silence, leaving to the ho-
norable gentleman from Sou'h Carolina all the ho-
nor of its authorship; for I have no doubt, and ne-
ver have had a doubt from the moment when he
first read it, that every «entence, every woid in it
was bis own. I have, down to this time, supposed
that u was as much my ngnt en this floor, and the
right of any other member, to speak my own opi-
nions without fear oí dictation, as it was th<? right
of the gentleman from South Carolina to utler his
I only declare lhat the opinions Í have expressed
are solely and exclusively my own, without con-
sultation with any one. I should not have called
for the reading of the report. I had supposed, un-
til the gentleman from South Carolina taught me
better, that the Esecutive Departments of this na-
tion conducted rite nesotiaii^ns upon all delicate
matters between us and fo'eign Governments. I
had supposed tnat a' any rate for the Ust twelve
>ears the Executive oí the United States h?d
claimed some little authority in all matters connect-
ed with out foreign relations; and I should have
supposed that a party v hich had permitted our ar-
my to fall into di grace—which had suffered our
navy to run down to a state of even acknowledged
dilapidation—and which had permitted the win ¡e
border country to be left defenceless, woul 1 be the
last upon earth to present such a document as 'his
I trust that the Administration tk hich is about to come
into power, though it may not mamff s quite so hot
a courage as bieathes through thtsrepoit, till show
upon the high seas, upon the boidei, and, if need
be, in the t'nted field, more p, wer to re 1st th" ag-
gressions of a foreign fee than ii.e gen Icmati and
his friends have exhibí e I. If it doesro', it wi'l
disappoint tht hopes r f the ne pie of th's countiy,
and 1, ior on*1, want none of it. Let piepai.iUon
be made. Let th  unfortunate man now men
finement be tried arc >rding to the laws of the State
of New York, unbiassed by the action ot this
House, and let the nation calmly await the is ue.
The gen leman says that my courage has sud
denly "oozed out fiom the palms of my hands "
I acknowledge that life has lor me many charms:
probably no man c'uigs to it with greater tenacity
than I do, or is more closely bound by all ¡he en-
joyments of the present life and responsibilities of
ihe future I never speak of my courage, nor pro-
fess to have been "born insensible to fear." A'l I
have to say is, that when the laws of my own
State and of the nation shall have been executed,
and consequences are to be met, all differences of
opinion between the gentleman from South Caro-
lina and myself upon this and all other questions
will be buned in our love of country, and we will
be found, shoulder to shoulder, battling m the com-
mon cause.
Mr. ADAMS addre<sed the House at considera,
b'e length. He expressed himself desirous, for the
sake of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Pickets,] who had declared himself to be the sole
author ot this report, that the gentleman should
have an opportunity of examinmg it coolly and
imptr'ially, with reference to the opinions no  of
one party alone, but of both parties.
Mr. PICKENS was here under4ood to disavow
all party considerations in the ma'ter.
Mr. ADAMS disclaimed any intention to can
censure on the gentleman. AH he wished vas,
that the leport migo.t be recommitted, m order that
the gentlemen nrght =ee whether b >th parties in the
Committee of Foreign Affair  could not come fere
with a i eport receiving ¡heir unanimous sanction, or,
at all events, with a report not sanctioned by a close
party vole, as this had been If this was not done,
it woul'', in the eye of the country, of the wer'd,
and of pos'enly, appear to be the pobcy of a de-
feated enemy in war absndomng a tenement and
setung fire to it upon their retreat.
After alluding (o the criticims of Mr. Pickens
on the partv views here m reference lo the contio-
versy with Great Britain, and to the general una-
nimity of opinion which he (Vlr. A.) contended
had prevailed here on ¡hit subject, (with cne or
two exceptions, which he en imera'ed,) Mr. A. il-
luded to the ground taken th u 'his, was a conciha-
t >ry report. The people, BJr A ¡houjht, would
form a very diffeient ts'imate of it Whit wis
the di-sprtat'on on the ambi'ion and Ihe grasping
spirit of Great Britain? Wee such charges gene-
rally received by nations as being of a friendly
character? Suppose the chaig's to be true, was it
conciliatory or courteous to anay them here? It
was som thins of ¡he crurtesy and conciliation
which Captain Fluellen (in one of the plavs of the
great dramatist) showed to Aneent P>s'ol, when h=
said to him, "Got pl<"-s you, Anc eat Pistol, you
scurvy, lousy knave, Got pie s you " He wished,
therefore, ¡list th« re¡ort should be recommitted,
and lhat all those parts wnich related to ihe geieral
policy of Great Britain, and to her amb,tiru> cha
racter and pjwer, migot be Mi out. And, as to
the question oi" right or wrong, which, after all,
was io be the basis of our con rover"/ with Great
Britain, if we were to press ■( ,o a war, he wished
a report on the subject itself, based on the corre-
spondence here, (hit we nu°ht see whether, under
the laws of nations, nee is'd r/ia'n'-i n ihe po Hion
we had assumed in regaid to the Caioln e And
this point Mr. A. argeed , i h much fore, urging
upon the Hi u e net *o prt its 1' in ihe wron  by
any undtu net cf its on I we ueet g > to
war with Grept Bri'ain, it should be a a unted
people. He hcheved ti at a wai would b' one of
the greatest misfoi tunes tha* c^nld b fall Ihe coun-
trv; and h' confe <ed that it wi witi no smill de-
gree of anxiety ¡hit he entertain d fears that it
would come to that inevitable result Il> looked to
it with appiehens'on And pirn, ¡>u> not without con-
fidence that, if we uent into a uir, we'honldcomo
out wi'h slory and hon"r, < ve had ¡>lr<ad/ come
out oí two wars.
Mi. EVERETT foil nvd it ereat 1 nsr h, an 1
ihe general points ol his aiguiient upk-ji fol-
lows-
He fe't an e<nbairassment, be c,.d, in sp^kinc
on this subject, owing to ihe f?cl lhat it was b me
debited * ith op°n dooc; ind ii  'ad' id m,<ny
tVngs in comoiit'ee which he could not sav hjie,
but  h'fi he vould say if the dwrs nere closed
What was the no ltion of the Hr use? One Ad-
ministra i< n was about to s-o out ot powel, ?nd
another to come in—and the one going out (in 20
days) was taking measures to co^ptomit the one
coming in—and to prescribe the course it should
follow, or at least to embarrass it. If he knew
himself, he had never viewed this as a party ques-
tion: it was one which involved all parties. His
own opinion was, that no action on the part of this
House was necessary, this correspondence having
been communicated in answer to a call made by
one of its members It was the peculiar duty of
the Executive to conduct these matters, and it was
not for this House to interfere unless ¡here was
some remissness on the part of the Executive.
He was desirous that the report should be re-
committed, and that the committee should make a
specific report on the subject matter which had been
referred ¡o it
Mr. E. ¡hen asked what was the state of the
question as it now stood, and what were the grounds
taken by ihe British Government, &e. and proceed-
ed to read the following statement of facts as ga-
thered from the official documents
The fr cis material to the subject submitted to
the commute are, that, en the night of the 29th
December, 1837, a detachment of the British forces
stationed at Chippewa, in the Province of Upper
Canada, crossed tne Niagara to Schlosser, in the
State of New York, and thete made a hostile at-
tack on the steamboat Caroline, the property of an
American citizen, killed and wounded a number of
American citizen?,captured the boat, towed her in-
to the current, set her on fire, and sent her in flames
over the falls.
On the 5th January, 1838, the Secretary of Slate
communicated to Mr. Fox, ihe British Minister, a
copy of ihe evidence furnished to ¡he Department
of ihis "ettiaordmary outrage, committed from her
Bntanvc Majesty's Province of Upper Canada on ti e
persons and p.operty of citizens of the United
States, wi'hm ihe jwnsd-c''ton ¡f the Slate of JVew
York," and s aun? diat "it would necessarily form
tne subject of a demand for redress upon her Ma-
jesty's Government."
On the 6 h February, Mr. Fox communicated to
the Secretary oí Sfate a despatch from Sir Francis
Head, Lieutenant Governor of Upper, Canada, con-
taining the distinct avowals, that the Caroline was
destroyed by order of Colonel McNabb, command-
ing themditiain her Majesty's service, and that
he (Sir Fisneis) approved ihe act.
On the 22J May Mr S ephenson presented the
subject to the con'ideration of her Majesty', Go-
vernment. After referring to those avowals, re
siid that, "under such circumstances, u was not to
have been expectel that the whole proceeding could
be regarded by the Government of the United
States in any other 1 ght than as a mamfestaet of
hostile and danrg aggression upon its rights and sove-
reignty, uiter'y inconsistent with all the principles
of níü mal law, and toholely irreconcilable with the
whtlhj and peaceful relations of ihe two countries:"
that 'Tlie caie, then, is one of open, undisguised, and
uiiwattanlsble hostility" He conclude? by ex-
prés ng ih  confident expectation ot the Presi-
dent of the United Shies that the whole proceed-
ing will not onlv bo disasowed and dt Approved,
but that su h redress a> ih1 nature of ihe case ob-
viou 1/ requires w II be promptly made." To this
oi,r Govcj nine lit waits tn>- final answr of ihe Bri-
tish Govemm nt.
On ih" 13 ii Novcmb-r idst, Alexander McLeod
a Bnti h subject, was arris ed and imprisoned by
ihe authorities of th' Stacof Ntw York, on a
charge of ar on and murl-r, as having been en-
gaged in the capture and d s paction of the Caro-
lina
On ¡h" 12th December, the British Minister
made a demand on the Pie idnit for the release of
¡VeLeod, on ¡he g'ouid that the deitiuctnn of the
Carol nf tenia public act of persons in her Maji-sfy's
set-ii e, '•'¡Kj M^ ft orders cf their tvpeit r authorities,
ail that the act, úcco/dwg to ¡he usages of nations,
can only be ,i e «nbjeci of discussion between tje
Uo nafonpl Governments
To this demao') th  Secretary of S ato has re.
p'ed tha the Pie-inent has i'O powci undtr the
C I'istituiio > and laws of ihe Un on to mterp se
h-twp*n McLeod and ihe constim'ed authorities of
he Stale i f New York—and tint ' the President is
not aware of any principle of in'ernstional law, or
indeed of reason or ju tic , which entitles such
