1?4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
offenders to impunity before the legal tribunals,
when coming voluntarily within their independent
and undoubted jurisdiction, because they acted in
obedience to their superior authorities, or because
their acts have become the subject of diplomatic
discussion between the two Governments." And
that, "if the destruction of the Caroline was a pub-
lic act of persons in her Majesty's service, obeying
the orders of their superior authorities, this fact
has not been before communicated to the Govern-
ment of the United States by a person authorized to
make the admission, and it will be for the court
which has cognizance of the offence with which
Mr. McLeod is charged, to decide on its validity
when legally es'abhshcd before it."
The British Minister, expressing his regret
at the decision, has referred the subject to his
Government.
Prom these premises, Mr E aft «r expressly
disclaiming any intention ts say who wa*. right or
who was wrong, snd arguing as to what might be
the course of the British Government, drew the
conclusion that the diplomatic discussion on the
subject was not closed, inasmuch as Mr Fox had
referred himself to kis Government for instructions;
that as yet, therefore, no definite usue had bf-cn
made up, and that it would be time enough to act
when the British Minister had received <he reply
of his Government.
Mr. E. deprecated the excitement which had
been manifested on the border, declaring that it
ought to receive no countenance from any one. He
regarded any action on the p.ut of this House as
impropenso long a> negotiations wore pending,
and hoped that the report would be rec om.i't'ted to
the committee with mstiucuon  to report sime h tig
of the following character:
"It appearing that the reciprocal complaints re-
ferred to in the conespondence submitted on the
subjects of diplomatic dis"usion between the Go-
vernments of the two couiititt , the committee hav-
ing enure confidence that the rights aid honor ot
the United States will be su t ined by the Execu-
tive, and entertaining the h( p ■ 'h it the ror trove tsy
will be brought 10 a satisfactory termination, ,ire of
the opinion that no action of this Iloiibc i , at this
time, necessary. They, thin for*, al to be d, -
charged fioni the further consideration ot the suo-
ject."
Mr. FILLMORE rose ard said, tint, in (the
oourbe of the debate, he had been anlcijattd by
other gentlemen w much that he intended to "iy
The question wii of as much, if not mrie, im-
portance to his section of country than to aiy
other; and he desired to express his opinions in re-
lation to the vote he hal just piven ¡n lavoi ot the
motion to lay on the tab'e, coupled with a notion
to print.
I may (continued Mr. P ) hav mistp'tm the pur-
port of this repot1; I have only heird o ieid onr-e
at the Clerk's ubl\ «nd I 1 ave had .10 opportunity
to examine its content*. Tne gentleman iro.n
South Carolina sa s, it i? conciliatory, thn it will
add nothing to the exasperated feeling already ex-
isting on the frontier. I bel.ive that he thinks his
report will have that effect, but I oiueh tear, from
what other gen'lemen ot the committee s<iy, that
he is mistaken I votrd m (ivor of aymg tn¿
motion to pri"t on the table becaa e I thougnt the
effect would not te such as the ■/ ntleman antct-
pattd, and 1 wanted hie lepoit la J on the '. ble that
I might have tire to to tit nwit, .mi sej it my
original lmpiessions should be confiime ! Ii, u on
examinauo'i, I bad found tint it was not cali i,l t«d
to produce ht ic-ul's I apprehended, no 1111 1 void t
vote for 1 s piinung more iretlj th >n 1 would. The
House, hovev r, has reiusi d to lay die motion to
print on the table, and has thought proper to d "ide
hut the report shall be published.
Having, as I hace s .vie ! only h"aid the report
ones read, and ju. g n  ir niu^-t oU'R^vtfi',
I concur m the cp m >-> of I i? >ent!e i,aa frf-m V3s
sachusetts, [Mr. JDtM ] that the M>bj >ct should he
recomrao.ted to the Co nm"t e ot Foreign Aliairs
I had h ped fio-n the innn tee a «a ir>, deliberate,
and dignified report in the c ^e ot the bum ng of
the "C jolme" and the ?rrest of M. L^od, that it
would have been limited lo tha* msU r alone, (in-
stead of embracing, as it apparently does, all our
subjects of controversy with Great Britain,) and
that it would have set the country right with re-
fcrenre to the jacls in that case. I may be mista-
ken as regards some of those facts; and upon a
careful examination of the testimony, subsequent
to the time when I last submitted a few remarks on
this case, I observe I was cu.taken in some of the
facts connected with that transac'ion. As I was
not present on the occasion, all the knowledsre I
have I derive from the new pipers and from public
documents, as others may, and probably do But
upon this question, which, as I have said, is ore of
vital importance to that part of the coun'iy where
I reside, we must recollect, m the fir«t place, that
there is a judicial question depending And I w.is
m hopes that m this leport, exciting and inflamma-
tory in its character as I now think it is, nothing
would have been said, and that so far as
this House was concerned, nothing would
have bten dene, calculated to increase the ex-
excttement which already exists. I confess I have
heard with íegretand ihame the reports from that
part of the country 11 regard to tne treatment of
this individual, who is so soon to be put upon his
trial for murder. I cannot {or any consideration
countenance for a moment the idea that the laws of
this country are to be basely trampled on by any
authority whatsoever. I cannot countenance the
i iea th .t the jud.ciary of tne country shall for a
moment be overawed, directed, or controlled, by
any other authority than that oí the laws, them-
selves And, whilst I say this, I am also unwilling
to countenance any th ng there, or 'o do any thing
here, v' i^h nay ten 1 to uch ¡esults. I hope tha'
ve nay have been misinformed as to ib  nature
oí tne pioeeidings thete; I am unwilling to believe
that, m a community of cit zens ¡,uci ss that, and
with many of whom I am Wt.ll acquainted, and
who are highly respectable and intelligent, such
things nave occurred. I say, I nope w e ha 'e been
misinformed, I trust we have. I have seen difTtren
statements ot those transactions, end some of
th'i 1 hivt be n ot an exculpa'ory character. But
one thing, at all events, should be borne in mind
by all whose duty requires them to act on tois sub-
ject Here There is a great state ot exoitem nt on
that frontier, which might bypossmhJy lead toan
O'ibieuL. My objection to the piiniiL™ oi the re-
port i a , that it w?s calculated to inflame the pab-
lie mind, and 1 was governed in that vrte by taree
reasons In the fir t place, 1 d\t not wish t rat any
thing should be done heic which might have a ten-
dency to do ir justice to the individual who 1 soon
to be tried by the laws of the S'pte oí New York. I
desire that the law tdiould hive 1 s free re 1 m, ¡hit
no excitement should be raised against McLeod
which might prevent a fair and impartial trial. In
the second place, I do not desire that any action on
the part of this House should compromise or con-
trol the Fxeoitivo of th 5, na'ioi m th« negotntions
nov peml ng between the Gove m.ient ot tne United
States and th> Government ci Great 8.11am. I
have all confidence in the incoming Admmi'trauon
If this controveisy can be amicably and honoiably
«a1 led between the two Governments, Í dcsite that
r should. But thsre is a third aid very strcnp rea-
son m aiv mmd against any thing being done to
etasperaie the public mind oa the subject of var
wMh Gre«t Bntam. It is this for thr e or four
years [ have used r.H the eceiti n m my power to
lndme th s Administration, whirh is re'p-msibv to
the country! to provde som; mp. os. of derence tn
cur Nonh"ia Iron' er. But all my efi irb vtre in
v ii 1 And jet ihe f.etideman from Soaih Carolma
[Mr Pjcvlvs] now tell, us thaf the course to be
pursue 1 to ?voii a war wuh Great Britain is, 10
stand up 'o her—to uirca'en h^ —to take a high
sia-i i, e„d í/i í, he «ays, will avert 1 war. I may
hive bie.) re s aken "1 ttio m-amng. I know that
tho c were rot his 'i o'es. Bat I wcu'd oubmit to
h m that 'he b-st w.w to avoid a war with Giea'
BntJtn, is 11 siow that we rre prepired to n e
b 1, if tnc-e is 10 be v,ar, because itasjmb'e pre-
pa i'iorsloi de«enee aie be ter thin gasconading,
Mr rii-LM'RE then alluded to the defenceless
condition of the Northern frontier. He desned,
and believed the whole rountiy desired, that we
fchou'd yteld nothing to the demands of Great Bri-
tain, to wmch she was not fairly entitled.   But, at
•the same time, he regarded t as rather the act of a
madman to precipitate the country into war before
he was prepared for it, than the act of a states-
man. In his section ot country, the people would
yieklnothing to Great Britain, to which she was
not justly entitled; or they would yield it only with
the last drop of their blood. But he did not wish
prematurely to be drawn m'o war; he did not wish
to invite Great Britain to invade our defenceless
coast. The true plan was to prepare for war if
we had yet to come to it, but to do nothing in the
way of bragging. If it did come, gentlemen would
not find his (Mr £" ) people shrinking from their
just share of responsibility. All they had—their pro-
perty, their Uves, every thing—they were witling to
devote, it need be, to the service and honor of their
country. But, was it not the part of wisdom and
prudence, before we made a declaration of war, to
prepare for it'' This was ad he desired; and if
this leport was calculated to stir up a war feeling,
without corresponding preparation being made to
meet the consequences, he, for one, was opposed to
it, lie did not not wu>b the country to be eh -
graced by defeat. Wnen she muí go to war, he
desired to see her prepaied for it, he desired to see
her rdaced in a situat'on which would enable her
to bid defiance to the power of any Government on
eaith.
Mr. F. then fl'uded to the foitificatton bill re-
ported from me Committee of Ways and Means
the other day by Us chairman, [Mr. Jonfs ] That
bill contained appropriations to the amount of near-
ly half a million ot dollars, (though that, be be-
lieved, was only about half of the amount usually
appropriated for such purpose ,) and yet there was
not a solitary fortification on the Northern frontier
to which any part of that money was to be applied.
Was this the way in which we should prepare
for war1 Did the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Pickets] who presentid the repoit, desne to
declare war aga'Ks,t England befoie the new Ad-
ministration came m'o power/* If so, he (VTr F )
would oppose i' He «as tor war, if n^eesssry,
but not before we were prepared for it. He wisneH,
therefore, that the gentleman fiom South Caro'ina
would permit the report to be recommitted to the
Committee fin Foreign Affairs, and that tiut com-
mittee might be instructed to confine themselves to
the subject originally refeired to them, and to that
alone. For his own part, he trusted and he be-
lieved that the right of this matter was wi h trie
American peopl"; and it ought at all hazards to be
main'amed. But he was unwilling at the clos<* of
a session, and when the pre ent Administration had
but something hke two weeks to remaoi in power,
to precipitate the nat ci into wai without any pre-
paration on our part to meet it. And it was for
this reason mainly that he objected to the report.
But, as he said before, he might 'dp mistaken m its
contents. He hoped he was; lor he was at all
times prepared to go with him who wentfuithest ui
mam'aning the honor of the nation and punishing
insult or aggression.
Mr.VANDSRPOEL moved the previous ques-
tion; 1* v/as seconded, and tne mam question was
oidered.
Tht  mam question was, first, on Mr. Everett's
proposition to add to the printing of the report all
the documents heraofoie presented to Congress on
the subject. This quest.on was decided by yeas
¿rA nays, and passed in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adam-, John W. Allen, An-
d cw>, Baker, Barnard, Bel!, Boardman, Bnggs,
Ca'houn, John CamnoeU, Casey, Ciabb, Curtis,
Cushing, Garrett Davis. Debe-ry, Dennis, Dtcker-
son, Dellet, Edwards, Evans, E/ereu, b\Umore,
Ga'es, Granger, Green, GMnell, Habersham,
Ha'l, Hawts, Henrv, Huifm-in, Hunt, Jame?,
Cnarles Juhnston, KVrripshall, King, Lane, Lin-
coln, McCarty, Msrwn, Monroe, Morgan, M01-
row, Na}!rr, 0 borne, Palen, Parmenter, Peck,
Pope, -Prrffit, Kandai), Randen, Rayner, Reed,
Ed a ard Itog¿r% Russell, Simonton, Truman
¡smith, StsaJy, Staar*, Taliaferro, Waddy Thomp-
son, jo.ii B. Thompson, Tilhaghast, Tofand,
Tnplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Warren, Edward
D. White, John White, Thomas W. Williams,
Lewis Williams, and Wmthiop—73.
NAYS—Meows. Jud«on Allen, Anderson, Ather-
