176
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bu1.:........                   ■             .......           -----------
a radical revolution, the details of which would
afford matter for serious consideration. It was
matter ef notoriety, that gigantic strides had been
taken by England and ihe European powers in
progressive improvements, both of the land and
naval mode of warfare. Sceam vessels had been
increased, steam batteries had been introduced,
and the science of throwing shells horizontally had
been brought to great perfection, and therefore it
became necessary that Congress should direct its
attention to the subject that pace might be kept
with foreign powers. In consequence of the ad-
vance made by the French and Russian Govern-
ments, British officers and British statesmen were
engaged in newspaper and pamphlet dis< ussions on
this important subject, and propositions had al-
ready been made to the British Givernment to
effect a profound change m the English system;
and as in England great results were expected to be
produced, it was the duty of statesmen here to mark
those result", and to profit by them. He suggested
the appointment of a special committee to take
charge of the matter, for it was with him a question
to what existing committee it could with propriety
be referred, or to what department it belonged. The
system to which resort must be had would be an
eRtire new one, including both naval and mtlitiry
operations, but belonging exclusively to neither of
those departments; and therefore, he should prefer
the appointment ef a new committee, charged with
the speeiil duty of investigating and reporting on
this weighty matter, as well as on the general con-
dition of the old system.
After some other observation-, the memorial was
referred to the Committee on Mdiiary Allans
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Comraittte on Finance,
to which was referred the bill making appropri-
ations for the payment of Revolutions y and other
pensioners, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. W. said as prompt action on the bill was of
much importance, he would a«k the consent rf the
Senate to take it up and dispose of it at the piesml
time; which being agreed to, the bill was, considered
as in committee of the whole.
This bill was debated at -some length by Mesi-rs
SEVIER, LINN, PRESTON, TIERCE, BEN-
TON, BUCHANAN, FULTON, CALHOUN,
ANDERSON, and o he is pnncipally on i motion
by Mr SEVIER lo strike out an appropn ition of
§100,000 for the «eitlemeut and transportation of
the Seminóles, and thereby to effect a tertnin mon
of the Florida war. Mr. SEVIER condemned this
mode ot puichasmg peace withahandlulofstvagis
as impolitic, and ss a temptation offered to ihe other
Indian tribes to engage in a murdeious and harm-
ing war, tor the purpose ot procuring large- es
from ihe Government. Ultimately, the a>es and
noes were taken on the qutsli n ot striking ou>, and
they resulted as follows   ajes C, noes 36
Besides the cash appropnat oi of f 5 000 e?oh lo
two chiefs, and §30 to each wairtor, to be paid out
of the above mentioned sum of jilOO 000, on their
surrendeiing for transportation, they were likewi e
to be furnished with a blanket and a gun on their
arrival we*t of ihe Mississippi
Mr. SEVIER suggested an amendment, so as to
sesttre their transportation west of the Siate cf
Arkansas before ihe/ wee furnished with fue
arms; but ull ma ely it was so arrended, in accord-
ance wi'b die spirit and intention of ihe enure pro-
ceeding, a. to limit the delivfiy to the ludidlo oí
these articles on their arnval at then new ¡iinn.
Tne amendments of the committee vtcrp com,ta-
red in by the Senate, and,
On mol,on of Mr. WRIGHT, 'he bid waS rod
a thud t me, and passed.
Tne Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESFNTVTÍVE3,
Mondut, Feoruiry 15( 1841
TheSPEAKL-i stated iht firs' husme s in order
to be ihe bill repor 'd from t ¡e Cnmm' tee o i ihe
Fnblic Ltnds on the 6 h or Jinn^ry lo a nend an
act enti'led ' An act lo authorize th S . it of Ten-
nessee tovssue grants and ppi'ec tuesto cer'ain
lands therein descubed, and to s lt|p the claims to
the vacant and unappropriated lamk with ihe same,
passed the 18th day of April, 1806 "
The motion of Mr. TuRNEYwas pending to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose ot taking the ques-
tion on the passage of ihe bill.
|      The yeas and najs were then taken on the mo-
1  tion to suspend the rules,  and decided in the af-
1  firmative—yeas 94, nays 34
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. JAMKSON moved the previous  question;
which was seconded.
And on the question, "Shall the mtm question
!  be  now put1" it was decided in the affirmative—
j  ayes 113, noes 51.
The question now being on tne mam question,
Mr. L. WILLIAMS  thereupon called for the
yeas and nay, which were o'dered, and were—yeas
136, nays 45, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs John W. Allen, Anderson,
Andrews, Atherton, Banks:, BeaUy, Beirne, Bell,
Blackwell, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V. Brown,
Albert G Brown, Burke, Samp*on II. Bu ler,
William B Campbell, Carr, Ca*ey, Chapman,
Clifford, William R Cooper, Crabb, Cms, Cían
ston, Crary, Crockett, Cross, Gushing, John Da-
vis, John W. Davis, Gairett Davis, Doan, Doig,
Dromgoole, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Everett, Fine,
Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith, Gentry,
Gerry,   Giddings, Green. Hall, Hammond, Hand,
I Jfchn Hastings, Henry, Hillen, Hubbard, Hunt,
Jackson, James, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Na-
thaniel Jones, Kemble, Kille, Lane, Lcadbetter,
L ef, L°onard, Lincoln, Lowell, Lucas, McCarty,
M< C'ellan, McCnlloch, Meiedith   Mallory, Mar-
1 vm, Masen, Medill, Mil'c, Monroe, Montanya,
Mooie, Calvary Morris, Morrow, Najlor, New-
natd, ÍSTisbet, (^born-,, Parrisii, Parmemer, Parns,
Ppynter, Pctrikm, Pickens, Pope, Prentis,, Pre ffit,
R4riden,R„ynolds, Rhett, Ridgway, Edward Ro-
géis,   J-iroes Rogers,   Samuels Snaw, Sin on'on,
I Slide, Albert Smith, John Smith, Tiuman Smith,
Thomas Sautb, Starkweather, Sleenrod, Strong,
Stuart, Sumter, Sweanngen, Sw nev, Philip F.
Th imas, John B. Thompson, Toland, Tuplett,
Turney, Vanderpoel, Vroom, Warren, Watterson,
Weller, ElwardD. White, John White, Wick,
Jared W Williams, Thom?s W. Willioms, Hen-
lyjWilliams, Josiph L. Williams, Christopher H.
I   Williams, Winthrop, and Wis —13G.
NAYS—Messrs- Adams', Baker, Boardman,
Buggs, Brockway, Bjniim, Chittenden, Connor,
Mark A Cooper, Edward Davii s, Dawson, De-
beiry, Dennis, Doe, Edwards, Gates, Gosgm,
Graham, Guftm, Habersham, Hawes, Hawkins,
Hill   of   North Carolina, Charles Johnston, Jo-
i seph Johnson, William Co«t Johnson, John W.
Junes, Keim, Kempshall, King, McClure, Mc
Kav, Montgomery, Morgan, Samuel W. Morris,
Palen, Reed, Shopard, Stanly, Taliafeiro, Tilhng-
bast,   Underwood, Lewis Williams,   and   Wor-
'  tlviig on—45.
i      So tbe bill xvas passed.
Mr   JONES oí Virginia move! thai the House
i  resolve itself into a Commit'ee of the Whole on the
1  s ate of the Un'on, and take up the
CIVIL    AND    DIPLOMATIC    APPROPRIA-
TION BILL,.
On the question being taken to su«pi>nd the ru'es
foi that purpose, it was decided in the afiVmativj—
,  >eas Í40, nays 33.
So the Hon e resolved itself into a Com*nittee of
the While on the state cf the Union, (Mr Bkll in
the chair,) and ti sumed the consideia'ion of the
b'll maki.ig appropriations for the civil and diplo-
ma ie expenses tl the Govcrnm nt fji the year
1841
Mr. T VANS offered the following amendment,
ti come in pitcr the 15 n line
"An I th- account n? officeis zi-- d.rected, in the
s~tllcm"nt i f Ihe accounts of the cortingent ex-
panses oí i^e Senate and Hou-c rf Representadles,
to credit ihe pay y eat made in pu^s'i ince if the re-
soluti is oí tne S°nat* ot the 18 n July, 1840, and
ti  resolution op the House of iteprisenlatives of
lh-21s Julv, 1840"
Which amenlment (afier some conversation)
was agr-wl to
Mr TILLINGHAST offered the following
amendment
"And nothing herein contained shall be construed
to authorize or sanction any contract for stationery
,j      ■•                      -t     l •    '......->■"     ■"-'*   -     ." •
or other articles foi the use of ihe next Congress by
any officer of the present Congress, to an amount
exceeding, m the whole, $2,000."
After a few remarks from Messrs. TILLING-
HAST and LINCOLN, theamendment was agreed
to.
Mr. ANDREWS moved to strike out the foi-
lowing:
"For «alary of the Secretary to sign patents for
public lands, per act of March secmd, eighteen
hundred and thirty three, fifteen hundred dol-
lars "
Mr JONES of Virginia hoped the gentleman
would not persist in his motion It would be re-
eollec'ed that the very large numbpr of patents,
generally from seventy to eighty thousand a year,
rendered it absolutely necessary that the duty
should be preferred by a Secretary. Every gentle-
man must know that the time of the President was
occupied so much m more important busmen, that
it would be imp ssib'e lor him to attend to this la-
borious duty.
Mr. LINCOLN asked leave to call the atten-
tion of the coinmit'ee to a few important facte.
Mr. L. then proceeded to ^tate that the law re-
lating to the issuing*of land patents bad not been
comnlied with, and that tbeie hal not been, since
1836, a patent issued wnich was valid. The law
required that the name of ihe President of the
United States should be affixed to each patent, but
the Secretary, instead of writing the name of the
President, as his attorney, had, contrary to law,
signed his own name. He, Mr. L admitted that
the du<y was now too laborious for the President
to attend personally, and would oppose the motion
to sinke out But it was the intention of the law
ihitt ihe Secretary should do what an a torney did,
vi/ not sign his own name, but the mms of the
piinup.il under vhom, and for whom, he Wt-s
actmg.
Mr L. also adverted to a similar non compliance
with the statute by the Comtms toner cf ihe Land
Office, so that be was ful'y convinced that not one
of the patents granted for the last i< ur }ears would
stand the test of judicial scni'my. In con-ideraaon
of these facts, hp gave notice that at the first oppor-
tunity he would introduce a b'll for giving legal
sanction to these patents.
Mr. L then a'ludsd to a controversy now pend-
ing betwepn the Commissioner and Roeo"der of the
General Land Office He did not know that those
gentlemen, although s0 e'ose together, were on
speak ng terms, from the length/ conesponderce
which had taken place between them, and which
had neen pi evented to the Coinmit'ee on Pub'ic
Lands lie (Mr L.) was sure that if the time con
samed in this correspondence between rersons in
th'" same buildm , hal been devo ed to the patents,
there would not have been at this time so many
thousands m an unprepared state.    ^
Mr JONES if Virginia, ¡n replflb a queslion
by Mr. Andrews, called that gentleman's attention
to the fact that this office had been provided for by
an act subsequent to that of 1833, namely, by an
act passed in July, 1836.
Mr. ANDREWS then moved that the phrase-
ology of the item be changed, so as to give the coi-
rect date of tb.p act, which amendment was agreed
to.
And the question recurring on the motion to strike
out—
The amendment was discus=:el by Messis. AN-
DREWS, ADAMS, JONE3 of Virptma, LIN-
COLN, A. SMITH, CRARY, and MiSON of
Ohio.   Afcr which,
Mr ANDREWS, to save the Umc which, hi?
said, he foresaw wcull be consumed if the debate
went on, withdrew the amendment.
Mr VANDERPOEL moved to amend the item
"ror compensation to the deiks m t'>e office of the
Fifth Auditor, «0 800," by reduc ng the amount to
$8,800
A teiy 'ong deoate fo lov'ed m wh'ch Messrs.
VANDERPOEL, MORGAN, GRAVES, JONES
of Va. EVANS, A SMITH, MONROE, UN-
DERWOOD, WISE, PETRIKIN, TILLING-
HAST, L WILLIAMS, STANLY, PROFFÍT,
W. THOMPSON, HUBBARD, and DAVIS of •
Kentucky, participated.
