178
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dor reqaires me to say that, with my knowledge of
your great ability, I thought you a little too taci-
turn for the times I say, sir, that we heard this
firstand most extraordinary and characteristic ef-
iott of the distinguished gentleman from Virginia.
He and Í, sir, were both young men, and were for
•weeks competitors for the floor. He at length suc-
ceeded in getting it. The fact lhat he was
elecied a Jackson man, and was a youDg man
of genius and great promise, had preceded his
advent here. I had learned too, that he
had manifested some little rebellious symptoms,
and therefore waited for his speech with an anxiety
commmg'ed with somewhat oí fear. He delivered
it, sn; and such a speech'' There was never any
thing like it "in the heavens above, or in the earth
beneath, or m the waters under the earth." It was
truly sui generta. At its close, it would have been
very difficult to state an account of profit and loss
to either party. Both were well belabored, ene re-
cen ed a box aside the ear, while the other was
saluted with a kick or a thump m the body. He
had, then, known the gentleman from Virginia too
long and too well to be weak enough ever to at-
tempt to "catch" him, at least without first well de-
liberating as to the best means to be employed, and
the value of the end to be attained.
After Mr. V. had concluded his remark*, he said
he owed an explanauon to ihe gentleman from
North Caro'ma, [Mr Stanly ] It had been whis-
pered that he had alluded to that gentleman as
seekirg office. Mr V said he had no right to siy;
he had never heard from any quarter, that that gen-
tleman was ?eekmg office. When he spoke about
office seekers, he had merely drawn a fancy sketch,
and did not, at the time, think it would give um-
brage. He had no evidence, direct or hearsay, that
that gentlemaa wanted or sought office—much less
the office of Solicitor of the Treasury.
After some remarks, from Messrs. MORGAN,
WISE, and others,
Mr. WELLER said he had not risen to partici-
pate in the irrelevant debate now going on, but
simply to say a word in relation to a remark made
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stan-
ty.J He said he regretted very much that that
gentleman had seen proper to assail a public of-
ficer, and denounc* him as an "incompetent
wretch," when he admitted that he had no per-
sonal acquaintance wi h him, and his only fault
seemed to be lhat he had franked speeches or docu-
ments into North Carolina. Mr. W. satd he was
personally arquaimed with the Solicitor of the
iieasury, (Mr Butclmd) and kne* him to be as
high minded and honorable a man as any member
on this floir.
Mr STANLY ¡.aid, having no acquaintance
with the Solicit! r, he made the remark in general
terms, and did not assail him personally.
Mr. WELLER continued Tne gentleman from
North Carolina had spoken of tne conduct ol the
Solicitor, and said he hoped such "ineimpe etit
wretches" would not be retained in office by the
next Admiiistraii'm. If the remark was not ap
plied personally to the Solicitor, then, sir, (said Mr
W.) I confess I do not understand the gentleman
from Nor h Carolina.
Mr STANLY lephed that he said the Solicitor
had franked speeches of incompetent wretches into
North Carolina This, said he, was my expression.
Mr. WELLER r^u'ned He had perhaps mis-
understood the gentleman It (said Mr. W ) we
have to appoint a committee to investigate the sub-
ject of ¡ranking, no doubt it would be found
that many honorable gentlemen on ihts floor
had used trie fiaok'ng privilege to a much greaier
ex<ent than ihis rfficer. He said he had no doubt
many abuses of this pnvjege had been comn sited
by gentlemen on this floor, who were at the t me
receiving eight dollars per day from the public
Treasury. I do not (said Mr. W ) complain of
gentlemen for franking speeches, &c. to their con-
stituents; for I have, said he, exercised the right
freely myse f, and shall continue to do it as long as
I have a seat here-, but, sir, the law confers on the
Solicitor tre same privilege, and he has a right to
frank what documents he pleaies, cither into the
gentleman's State or any where else.
The Whig Executive Committee, compoied of
members of Congres , remained here during the
whole of last summer, and franked speeches and cir-
culars and addresses all over the country. The
State, said Mr. W. which I have the honor ui part
to represent, was literally shingled over with them
If the documents sent by the Solicitor, about which
the gentleman from North Carolina complains,
were of a lower character than those sent out by
the Executive Committee, then, said Mr. W. they
must have been duty stuff indeed But, said Mr.
W. if the gentlemaa from North Carolina can
show that this officer has neglected the duties en-
joined upon htm by law, then, sir, I would
be the last rrian on this floor to defend him. If,
however, said he, he has at all times dis-
charged his official duties faithfully, then, sir,
if he has seen proper, in his leisure hours, to
frauk a few document , gentlemen have no
right to complain—surely they will not claim
the right to dictate the manner in which he shall
spend his leisure time, or the sort of documents he
shall "end out, when he sees proper to exercise the
franking privilege which the law confers on him.
Mr. W. said he had simply risen to remove the
impression which the remaiks of the gentleman
from North Carolina were calculated to make on
those who wore unacquainted wiih Mr. Burchard.
He (Mr. W ) knew that man well; and a more ef-
ficient public officer could not be found, nor a more
honorable and upright man. Thus much (said Mr.
W.) I have felt it necessary to say, in justice to an
officer who comes from my own Stale, and whose
character at home is above suspicion in every re-
spect.
Mr WIsE, after some, preliminary remarks,
obseived thilfif deviating a little from boih par-
ties, and acting on an mdependant ground, was
"erratic," that in the language of the gentleman
from New York, [Vír. Vanderpolí,,] he was
"erratic."
Mr. W. went on to say that he feared a great
many of the Whig party who had hitherto been
crying against the " spoils" system wiih so much
earnestness, were now going for the " spoils" them-
selves. But he look this opportunity to give them
notice, that if such should prove the ease, he would
lash ihem as he had done others He stood now
as he had always stood. He stood precisely the
same as he did berore the election, and at the elec-
tion. He was a Whig then, and a Whig now,
and he would take the occasioa to say that neither
sugar noi salt could catch him m acting contrary to
hts conscience.
After some further remark?, Mr. W. went on to
*ay that it was time for the Whig party to go back
to the good old principles, and to takea fresh start;
but whenever they stepped aside, either to the right
or to the lrft, ihey might be assured that they would
find him " rrat,c "
All who know him, knew that it was not for
men, but principles for which he went. He hoped
that General Hanison when in powir, would act
for himself, and not suffer hims-elf to be led into
measure*, tor the b°ntfit of sections only, but that
he would be a second Washington, and act for the
whole country
Mr W after some observations on the tyranny
of party drill, said he would give notice thatif they
(his Whig friecds) a'tempted to bring down upon
mm the tyranny of partv, he would resist it, as he
had before rosisted it in the time of Jackson. And
on the other hand, continued he, so lorigas I hold a
seat on this floor, I give notice that it they offer
me a ' principality" even, they cannot catch me.
So long as I am a member of Congress, they will
not appoint me to oflice. I ask for nothing, and I
will take nothing. Further, whether in Congress
or out of Congress, I will not beg for ofhee; nor
will I ask my friends to beg for me. I am free,
and will continue to be free. I am now where I
have always stood, and where I shall continue to
stand. I tell j ou 1 can go with neither party con-
trary to the dictates of my coBscience. I will be
free as air; free as the eagle, soaring above the
trammels of party, and like the eagle I will look
down upon you independent and alone.
Mr. W. proceeded to say that he would not, in
the pohtical wars of the country, be drilled in Ihe
political camp as they weie in the military camp.
He wished here to say, also, that all the casea-
tions of a Whig "Editor at Richmond would not
drive him into drill.
If, continued Mr. W I fight, I shall fight after
the fashion of the old fellow at Yorktown, who,
with a long, old fashioned fowling piece, a cow's
horn full of powder, and a broad brimmed hat,
kept loading and firing, bringing down at every
discharge one of the enemy, and being under
neither drill sergeant nor captain.
Seeing the bravery of the old fellow, one would
step up to him and accost him:
' I say my friend, whit company do you belong
to'"
"Be quiet, you bother me; don't you seel am
busy?"
Presently another would address the old fellow
with—
' Hallow, there, to what regiment do you belong?"
"Don't bother me; I belong to no company, nor
regiment neither; I am fighting against the British,
and on my own hock."
Mr. W. then proceeded to explain that he was
precise'y in the same position with the old man at
Yorktown, viz: fighting in the political battle,f on
his own hook. He neither belonged to any of their
hule compañas, or to ihe regular army. But still
he was leady to fight the enemy and to do battle
with the red coats, like the old man at Yorktown,
with an honest heart and without bounty. If,
however, gentlemen would join his "erratic" ar-
my, he then would become a regular. Did gentle-
men understand him now? He begged to assure
them he was still a Whig, and would fight against
the British, taking as good aim as any ot them.
Mr. JENIFER here took the floor and expressed
his intention to reply
Mr. ANDREWS rose to a point of order. He
hoped the Cm rt would not sutler the debate to take
any longer sueh a course.
The CHAIR said, the whole debate had been
"erratic," but as the gentleman from Virginia had
risen to make a personal explanation, he con-
ceived the usual courtesy observed on such occa-
sions, warranted the Chair in permitting it thus
far.
Mr. JENIFER then proceeded, but spoke in so
low a tone that he could not be heard but at inter-
vals. He was understood to allude to the recent
course of Mr. Wise and his colleague [Mr. Mal-
lorv ] He also made some observations in rela-
tion ot certain gentlemen taking the "back traek."
Mr. WISE said, as the gentlemai from Mary-
land appeared to be the drill sergeant of the party,
he would ask him if he had found out the opinions
of all his Whig friends on the floor. Would the
gentleman be kind enough to tell him whether he
had ascertained the opinions of any of his Whig
friends, except his (Mr. Ws) and the gentleman
from the Norfolk district [Mr. MalloryT]
Mr. JENIFER said he possessed no more infor-
mation as to the opinions of his Whig friends than
the gentleman himself.
Mr. ANDREWS called both the gentlemen from
Maryland and Virginia to order, on the ground of
irrelevancy.
Mr GRAVES hoped that the debate would pro-
ceed, until the position of Mr. Wise should be ful-
ly understood.
The CHAIR hoped the good sense of the gentle-
men would enable them to see that the debate had
assumed an improper latnutude
After some discussion of a conversational cha-
racter on the point order,
Mr. JENIFER, on leave, resumed his remarks.
He proceeded to say that the commanding attitude
that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] held
through the country, rendered it highly important
tbat bis true position should be known. The gen-
tleman, in his recent three days' speech, not-
withstanding the doctrines advanced, had still
avowed that he was a Whig. But he,
Mr. J. would tell the gentleman that when an in-
dividual avowed certain doctrines, it was not for
that individual to say whether he was a Whig or
not. It was for the country to determine, after the
avowal of those doctrines, what he was.
After some further remarks, Mr. J. in reply to a
question from Mr. Wise, said, I ask the gentlemaa
