183
CONGRESSIONAL ÜLOBB.
Institution for the Promotion of Science in the Dte-
trict of Columbia; and
A. bill to invest the proceeds of the Smithsonian
fund, and to establish the Smithsonian Institution;
which, after some remarks from Mr. P. were seve-
rally read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. NICHOLAS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affaire, to which was referred the memorial
of the widow of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander
E. Thompson, made an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. N. from the same committee, made an adverse
report on the petition of sundry mechanics engaged
in the construction of the United States Arrenal at
Fayettville, North Carolina; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. NICHOLAS submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be directed to inquire into the expediency of caus-
ing such a survey, exploration, report and map of
the Southwestern section of the United States,
West of the Mississippi, as has recently been made
under the diiection of the War Department and
Mr. Nicollet in the? Norihwest.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a petition
from citizens of Rome, Oneida county, New York,
praying that the Congress of th> United States
would, by a resolution of that body, declare it to
be the opinion of this people that the British Go-
vernment, by reducieg our citizens, whom they
captured in arms during the late revolutionary
movemenfs of ihe Cañadas, to the condition of
common felons, have departed from thathumane
course towards prisoners which they have professed
to be in accordance with Iheir principles, and have
violated ihe best policy of civilized nations; and
that it is regarded as a severity not necessary
to the case, and ihe exercise of a cruelty uncalled
for; which was read.
Mr. NORVELL said that it struck him, on hear-
ing the memorial read, that the proper disposition
of it would be to transmit it to the President of the
United States. Whatever indiscietions might have
attended ihe participation of a portion of our fel-
low-citizens on the Northern frontier in the move-
ments in Canada for the assertion of her liber-
ty and independence, he had no doubt that
they had been governed by ihe purest of mo-
tives—by a holy sympathy with the oppressed,
and a sincere devotion to the cause of freedom,
such as universally pervaded this nation. It was
. certain that the persons who had, under the opera-
tion of the British law, and ihe decrees of the Bii-
tish tribunals, been sentenced to banishment, and
lo haid labor in chains, in Van Dieman's Land,
were suff. ring extreme hardship and severe punish-
ment. The object of ihe memorial was to procure
an alleviation of their condition. But he felt
strong apprehensions, that the concluding pray-
er of that memorial, asking Congress to express, by
resolution, certain abstract opinions in reference to
the punishment and discipline to which tho=e par-
sons had been and were still subjected, might opo>
rate to their serious disadvantage. It might pro-
duce additional irritation on the part of the British
Government, and tend 10 rivet the chains which
had already been fastened upon the unfortunate in-
dividuals in whose behalf the memorialists had
made their present application. Unless, therefore,
we were prepared to engage in a war with Great
Britain on tins subject, which lie, for one, did not
deprecate, it would be the best course which could
be adopted on this occasion, to send the memorial
to the President, in order that he might adopt such
measures as, in his judgment, would, by negotia-
tion, tend the most effectually to attain the object
which the memorialists had in view. He moved
the reference of the paper to the President.
Mr. PRESTON deprecated any interference with
J the internal political affairs of a foreign Govern-
' ment; and he regretted the manifestations of the
i last year or two past in some par's of this country,
| which itseemed to him had a tendency to endanger
'. the existing relations of this nation with the power
i to which he alluded, and to transfer the legitimate
S exercise of the constitutional right of this Govern.
j ment to the hands of an unauthorized and irrespon-
;  piole combination.   With regard to the dispute on
our Northeastern boundary, there had been danger
of our being dragged into a dangerc us collision with
the Britiih power, ar.d much difficulty had/ been
experienced by ti.e action of a State Legisla-
ture; and he ventured to say that no one who
had a due consideration for the interests and the re
llations in which we stood to (bat Government,
! would te disposed in this case to interfere and en-
danger the repose of this country. Tne relations
¡of this country on her frontier, were becoming
¡more and more exciting; exasperation and temper
¡were got up, which exposed us to dangerous peri';
¡and he, for one, deprecated any interposition that
might lead to an interruption of the relations be-
tween this country and Great Britain. No one
could be more deeply impressed wnh the evils of
such a calamity than he was—evils to ourselves,
:evil?, calamitous evils, to our country, and also to
¡civil liberty. It should be the duty of this Govern-
ment to testrain all interference with the affairs of
that Government; and especially to restrain, cau-
tiously and religiously, all interference with the
¡internal political relations of that Government.
The men to whose cases the memorial referred,
were charged with political crimes, and they were
not without precedent for the exercise of a humane
interference between nations in cases of crime; but
this was not such a case. And besides, there were
circumstances of recent occurrence that rendered it
necessary f.¡r us to take a wise and cautious course.
Only a few days since he was informed an inter-
ference had taken place on the part of Great Bri-
tain, in the form of a remonstrance, on a subject
which was calculated to produce great excitement;
and he trusted tlut no department of our Govern-
ment would do any thing that was likely to justify
such an intetferen.ee. If this Government interfered
on the ground of humanity, in the case of the Ca-
nadians, might not the British Government inter-
fere, on the same ground with this Government in
theca-eof those (the Amista! negroes) recently
thrown on our shored The unauthorized collec-
tion of people on our Northern frontier, and
the resolutions which they had passed, had already,
to some extent, exposed us to censure, bat he trust-
ed the Senate in its action would manifest a tem-
per and a wisdom becoming its character and its
position, and he would move that, without printing,
the memorial, be laid on the table.
Mr. NORVELL asked the Senator from Sou'h
Carolina to withdraw his motion to lay the memo-
rial on the table for one moment. He had already
expressed his fears that a compliance with the
prayer of the memorialists, in the manner sug-
gested by them, might aggrai a'e, instead of alle-
viating, lh? condition of the per-ons whose un-
happy fa e hud called forth their application.
But he wo'ild irmind the Senator fiom South
Carol,na, that i ho e unfortunate individuals were
American citizen;. Their cue bore no resem-
blance 10 the case of the Amistad negroes. In re-
ference to the=e, he considered the interference of
'he British Government to be wholly unjustifiable.
That was an interference which every Ameri-
can should condemn. He had read the corre-
spondence of the British Minister with the Secretary
of State with the same feelings which it had pro-
duced in the Senator from South Carolina. But
if the President, by an informal lepresentation,
such as had heretofore been made to the authori-
ties at Toronto, could mitigaie the situation of
of our own fellow-citizens in Van Dienan's
Land, he thought that such a representation
ought to be madi*. It was not at all in-
compatible with the principle of non-inler-
t:rvention on the part of one nation with the
domestic affairs of another, to which he most
cordially subscribed; but, on the contrary, it was
a proceeding which was demanded by all the
considerations of hamani'.y that could appeal with
just effect to the better fe.iinss of our nature.
The memorial was then laid on the table.
The special order (the bankrupt bill) was then
called for, but Mr. CLAY of Alabama hoped the
Senate would devote a few minutes to the conside-
ration of a bill which had been postponed yester-
day at the suggestion of the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Giuham.] He alluded to the bill
from the House to amend an act entitled "An act
to authorize the State of Tennessee" to issue grants
and perfect titles to certainMands therein e'e.cribed,
and to settle the claims to t|ie vacant ana unappro-
priated lands within the same." .'
The bill was accordingly tajeen up, and Mr.
GRAHAM proposed to ameoit it by increasing
the minimum prLe fromllá^ cents to gl Ü5 p?r
acre, and extending the time If three years, the pro-
priety of which he enforce^ jft some length.
Mr. ANDERSON said tBat he would reply very
; briefly to what had been said by the Senator from
North Carolina, because he was unwilling to con-
sume, unnecessarily, the precious time of the Se-
nate, and only desired to state the facts in this case,
believing that they were unanswerable in support
of this bill. The Ssnator had moved two amend-
ment : the one was to extend the time for the final
location of the outstanding warrants for three years
instead of one, and the other was to fix the price of
the lands at one dollar and twenty-hve cents, in-
stead of twelve and a half cen's. To both these
amendments he objected; because, in the first place,
they were not demanded by the circumstances of
the case; and, secondly, because, if they should be
adopted, the whole bill would be defeated. He
said that after fifteen years if difficult stru::gl'rg in
the Hou-e of Representative, justice and sound
policy had finaby prevailed, and now, fo: the first
time, a b 11 for the uliimre disposition of the-e
lands, upon proper principles, had passe 1
that bedy. Sir, said he, it we amend this
bill, we put an end to ihe measure for this
session. It cannot now again iepa=s in the
other end of ihis Capitol; and no men can tell
how long it may be, before we shall be to near, es
we now are, to a successful and cqjitable adjust-
ment of this protracted question. The Senator
from Norih Carolina seeond to rpprehend that
some injustice might be done to the Revolutionary
claimants of ihat State. But, sir, (-aid ha, the facts
will satisfy every impartial man, that in t! e dispc-
s.tion of these lands ihe State of North Carolina
has no more interest than any ether one of the
Slates of this Union. The [Revolutionary claims
of Nonh Carolina were to be provided for, accord-
ing to the terms of her cession, and the act of
compromise of eighteen hundred and s-x, by the
Unittd States. S¡r, thty were provided for, and
North Carolina declared herself, by a formal act,
to have the r'ght of presuming upon, a rl. iault ef
heirs, and of claimants, and finished at crie bmed
sweep her Revolutionary demands upon Tennessee.
They were conceded, ands'e ¡eccivej th-st rich le-
gacy for her University, v. h ch completed ¡^ amount
of more than four millions three hundied ihousand
acres of land shf had received., in conformity wi h
the cession and compromise acs. ' A-. far as the is
concerned, sir, thtie cannot be the slightest s'^rdow
of objection lo the passage of th.s bill. She has
had all she everaske:!—and I s^e-ik not in the spi-
rit of unkindness to our ancknt mother, when I say
she has had all she had a right to demand— and, so
far from thinking of a l'mitation of seven years
against her, as suggested by her henorable Senator,
she has had more than forty years withtn which to
prepare and mature her claims; and now, when
she has no more left, is it reasonable to ask us
to wait, because it is pcssiile theie may be one
of two behind? But we say, upon the best Kind of
evidence, her oicn act appropriating the last remains
¡fthe Revolut'unary claims to her own use, thai no
more exist. If there are, she has doñean act of
injustice to her own citizens, and it is neither fi!
nor proper that she should now interfere between
us and ours. Far I learn, sir, that there are but
a few thousand acies of warrants issued upon cer-
tificates of interference, which remain uus.aisfied,
and these are exclusively owned by citizens of Ten-
nessee. If there be a citizen of North Caiohta
holding any such claim, it is not known. Tnose
warrants arc now being satisfied. The claimants,
I am informed, are daily locating them in the dis-
trict. Besides all this, those claimants are within
th ■ limits mostly of that section; and it is unreason-
able to suppose that their R"prosentativts would be
willing to do an act of injustics to any of their im-
mediate constituent, or that they aie any less dis-
posed to consult their interests than we are.
In addition to all this, we have the testimony of
