the whole Tennessee delegation, in 1832, that the
expenses of survey of these lands would not be re-
imbursed by their «ale Among that delegation is
to be feund the name of my respected predecessor,
who had much knowledge of this subject, as one
of the early settlers of Tennessee. In connection
with th"5 tesUmcnj, may be found, appended to the
report of the commit ee of the House of Repre-
sentatives', in that year, who examined fully the
whole subject, the statements of the prmcpal sur-
veyors, who were intimately acquainted wiih the
lands, and who agreed precisely with ihe views
there presented. They fix the highest average price
at twelve and a half cent«.
Sir, said he, it is not my purpose to protract this
discussion, and I therefore content myself with re-
capitulating the facts, whicn must, I think, imoress
the Senate with thi policy of pas ing this till It
appears by the legislative action of North Caro-
lina, and other equally high evidence, that all
her claims, and ihe claims of her cizens
have been satisfied by the selection of up-
wards of four millions, three hundred thou-
sand aeres of land of the best quality in the
the Statr, and that all outstand.ng warrant*, which
are alone predicated upon certificates of interfer-
ence, no tr amounting to only a few thou=and
acres, are also being daily satisfied, ai ihe will of
the holders, and will be al'owed a further extension
of twelve months by this bill within wh ch to be lo '
cated, from the date of the action of the Legisla-
ture of Tenne-^ce To thes  facts you hive the
patient submission oi Tei nessee for more than for-
ty jears, and surely, suie'y it will le admitted she
ought diw to be relea eJ from a longer po tpore-
ment We know, also, if one ••ingl" am-nJment
shall picvail, th^t it puts an end for tiis session to
this bill—that it never can travel thvou?h the de-
lays and h avy forms oí the House of Representa-
tives. We know, too, that it is substantially
the same bill wh'ch h-'d repeaedl/ pa^ed
this body, and ro\, toi h" fir t (imp after
fifteen ^ears, has pacs= d the other Huusc.
In regard to the propi>i ion t > change the price
from twelve and a h«tlf cen's to one dollar
and twenty-five cents, we have a ma^s of te tt-
mony that it vouM be uteny unjust, and would
place the lands at a higher standard than they are
intrinsically worth, after having undergone the se-
lections of more than four millions of acres, by
men who were the most capable and skilful judges
of soil.
With these brief remarks in answer to the hono-
rable S*nator from North Carolina, he would
cheerfully submit the case to t e decision of ti e
Senate, perfectly confident that they would re-
lease the State of Tenne see from the burden un-
der which «he fal long labored
Mr, CLAY ot AUbima said, as anxious as he
was to save the time ot the Semte, he mu«t adl
one or two remark  to tho'e made by the Senat< r
from Tennessee [Mr Anderson] in rep'y to the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr Graham ] The
first remark he had to make was, that he thought
the question ought to be considered settled by
the former action of this body. He said
bil s had been passed by the Senate at thiee
several sessions of Coigress—one of them
since the commencement of the present s snm—
which were decidedly more favorable to theirte-
restsof Tennessee than the one sent us by theHou^e,
and now under consideration. Those bil's had
passed, too, witn unn ual unanimity, but for want
of time, or not havug been n ached on the calen-
dar of t e Hou<-e, ih y had failed. He thought,
under such circumst, nee , there ought to be no
hesitati'n in the immediate pissa e of this bill
He remarked that the amendments wh ch were
proposed by the Senator from North Carol na, if de-
sirable at a'l, were not of sufficient impoitance to
authorize us to jeopard the bill, by sending it back
to the House We all know (said Mr C.) how
difficult it is, to get a measure through that branch
of Congres*, ft almost any time—but, more espe
cially, at this late period of the session. If it
should be sent back, which wou d be the necessa-
ry consequence of any amendment, however slight,
it would, in all probability, be referred to a
committee, and, when  reported back, n  would, |
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
very likely, be committed to a Committee of
the Whole House. If it took this course it
was very improbah'e, that it would be taken
up, or acted on at all, during lh„> sess on Ii
was time, he thought, that this question
about the remnants of the public lands in Ten-
nessee wa*. settle I. The Legislature and the
people of that Sta e had been appealing to Con-
gress or  the «object for a long time, to his personal
knowledge, for the last twelve years, and we are as
well prepared to act definitively now, as we shall
be at any future time
The first of the amendments proposed by
the Senator from North Carolina was to extend the
time from one to three years, for claimants under
'he State of North Carolina to present their c'a ms
He begged to remind the Sma'e th?t, as the b 11
now steed, those claimants were allowed one year
for that purpose—not from the passage of this act,
but from the passage of a law by the Legis ature
of Tennessee, accepting the terms proposed in the
bill. Hence, claimants would have, in all proba-
bility, eighteen months' indulgence,or more—if the
Legislature should not meet till the ordinary time.
But, if it oBly allowed twelve months from the
passage of this act, what more could be required on
any principle of justice or fairness? It would be
recollected, that it was now more than half a cen-
tury (fifty-one years) sirce the territory, now
constituting the S'ate of Tennessee, was ceded to
the United States by Nonh Carolina. During all
this time, thee cla'mants had the opportunity of
presenting the r evidences of tit'e, and c beaming
their rights. Although offices for entry had not been
open ihe whole of that period continuously,
they had been opened from time to time—indul-
gence has been hberal'y granted—and claimants
have bad abundant oppirtumty to secure their
right* by the exeicue of the most oidmaiy dili-
genc" There crtainlv could be no well founled
complant, then, that ihe further time allowed by
the present bill «as too short.
As regarded the other amendment pr< posed by
the Senator from Nonh Carolina—to allow such
claimants as did not avail themselve* of ihe privi-
lege of locating their claims within the time al
lowed, one dollar and twenty five cents per acre,
instead of the 12i cents fixed by the bill—
he thought it as inexpedient as the farmer
Tne land remaining subject to entry wa«, on all
hands, agreed to be of very little value—very
little of it worth as much as 124 cents per acre.
If claimants had postponed their appbeauons, or
neplected to establ sh ll eir claim ,untd tho-,' it oie
vili ant and attent ve to their interests had t k n
up anJ preoccupied all the va'u&ble land, it was their
own fault—ihey had no right to compla n If t ¡ev
were now to locate, or eater th s inferior rcfi «¡e
land, they could not sell it for more than an
average of 124 c°nis per acre — curseqnently
it woull be unjust to pay them $1 2 >, as propo ed
The pro vision of the bill tvas just and liberal, &•• it
stood, when it gave them till twelve months after
the passage of the act by Tennessee to make ,heir
entries and locations, ?nd if tney even failed to do
that, it still gave them itsfstimaed value m money.
He thought this ough', m all come enee, to be
satisfactory, and he earnestly hoped the Sena'e
wojll not agree to either of tfee amendments pro-
posed, nor jeopard this bill, so important 'o Tenner-
see, by sending it back to the House.
Mi NICHOL ON said he desired to make a
single remark uron the amendment, in nply to the
Sena'or from North Carolina, [Mr Graham ] Af-
ter this measur*, m substantially the same shape,
had receivd the sanction of the Senate on three
different occasions and each time by decided ma-
jorities he would not under ake to discuss ns me-
rits The motion of his friend from North Carolina
[Mr Graham] m reference to striking out twelve
and a half cents and inserting $1 25 as the c^m
p nsatirn to holders of land warran's, presented a
question in which Tennpssee had no more intetest
than any other State The bi 1 fixes the price of
the land at twelve and a hi\{ cents, and provides
that if the holders of warrants shall decline for a
year to take lands, they shall receive a compensa-
tion in money of twelve and a half cents per acre.
' 183
Thi* compensation must be paid out of the Fede-
ral Treasury, and now it is proposed that after the
>, lands have only brought into th  Treasury twelve
and a half cen s per acre, the holders of warrants
shall receive out of it $1 25 per acre. He said it
was for the Senators from all the Stales to detetj
mine whether ihey could sanction such a provision.
It was clear, continued Mr. N. that if the lanas
are only worth 1U cents an acre, as is abundantly ,
shown by the evidence, then the warrant holders
will not go forward to take the lands, if you pro-
vide that m lieu of the lands they may claim a com-
pensation of $1 25 per acre. As to the value of
the lands, Mr. N said he held in hi, hand the
evidence on which the Senate had so often fixed
the price at 12£ cent-. He would not read it to
Ihe Sinate, but would merely remark that it was
full and conclusive.
Mr. N said he apprehended that the Senator.
from North Carolina was laboring under a mis alte
as to the character of th<? outstanding clnms pro-
vided for in the bill. He seem d to suppose
that ihere were Revolutionary soldiers wh > still,
held warran's that were not sati fled. In tms he
thought the Senator wa> mistaken His. inf raía-
t on was, that the State oí North Carol na, under a
law of the State already ieferred to m the debate,
had taken the Usis of soldiTs e «tilled to lands, an 1
had issued warrants for all, whether living or dead,
whose names were upon the hstSjand whose c a u,
did not appear to have been previously satisfied
Those warrants were issued n the nam¿ of her
university, and every one of trsem had been s^t s-
fied S) that, in fact, h" did not bel eve that there
was 3 soldier or the desct nd^nt of a s)Vter whnso
claim for litids hal not been sa'i'-fied. Tne cUss of
cases which remained un atañed werecer lfica es of
interference, and possibly certificates issued before
they<ar 1300, topeisonswhs paid specifiel amounts
into the treasury of North Carolina, and received
certire\te to be paid w WeVcn Ian 's Tins b'd
ci e io th°secl uman s one yiar, in a'd t on to he
forty they have now had, to ha\e tncirch ms satis-
fied out of the lands.
As to the mtnts of the btl', Mr N said he
woull not trouble the Senate, after they baa so re-
peatedly determined m itsfavor It was a measure
in which the State of Tennessee was great'y inte-
rested, which she had urged upon Congress year
after year for more than fourteen years, and he
hoped that its final passage would not now be en-
dangered bv any amendment which would make it
necessary to send it back to the other Hoase
The question wis tVn tal\ n on, the amf-iamenti,
and ihey were disagteol 'o
The bill was th  i ordered to a (h rd reacing
Mr ANDERSON moved that it hav is thirl
reading now, v hich bung acceded to, ihe b 11  >as
tf d a thud tune, and pa sed—a}c 29, noes 3, a^
f< Hows
YEAS—M ssrs Allen, Ani'erson, Ben on, Cal
houn, Clay of Alabama, Clayton, Fulton, Hender-
son, Hubbard, King, Linn, Miuton, N cholas,
Nicholson, Pierce, Prentiss Preston, Rives Roane,
Sevier, Smith of Conncc icur, Qmnh of In liana,
Stur«reon,Trppan, Wall, Wluc,Wi ham ¡Wright,
and Young—29
NAYS—Me.srs Graham, Mangum, and Sottth-
ard—3
BILLS PASSED.
The jomt pesolution to aatnonz" the Secretary of
the Navv to make contrac' and ad va ces foi Amc«
r can water-io ied h rnp for a ¡united t me,
The hi11 graiting ? p°n on to Pamek A'len,
widovof the lite Samuel Al'en, a soldier of the
Rpv jIu on, and
The t.H to au honz' the payment of eq« a le
coiirr-i Mons to the a-ents or attorneys of p< .sins
m who e lavor awards have b en m=d  'rd'i (our
several treaties b ween the TJn ted States ard cer-
tain f ¡reign poirers, which avards h ive been re-
tained n the Tua>ury in paym it of u<>hu due the
United States, were severally read a thi.d tmc,
and passed
On motion by Mr TAPPAN, the Senate went
into Executive session,
And then adjourned.
