before it will become availab'e as money Tins
nvolves the cost of discounts, commissions, msu-
rance, and freight, so that a man 11 Geoigia, after
possessing himself of the specific metal, will not be
permitted to count it out as money, until he shall «ur-
mit to all these items of cost. This, too, will be
by the operation of your laws. And to what tnd?
Why, sir, that your Government ag-nts at Phila-
delphia may have the benefit cf the deposite and
coinage of his money—a benefit which heretofore
has been worth to your bank agencies hundreds of
thousands.
The cost of a branch mint, therefore, of $6,000
a year, is a tax for piofection, (you say,) though the
man who buys pa>s no more for the com, and yet
the tax which would be paid by the producer of the
gold, for the benefit of jour Philadelphia agencies,
by which he receives ¡es>, 14 no pro'ection to your
great city and its United States Bank. This, Mr,
is a fair specimen of Bank logic, and is ba«ed on
the universal assumption that whatever is given, *r
loaned, or pa'd to the B?nk, is rightfully bestowed.
You will perceive, therefore, that the reference
of this motion to a united States Bank pol cy, by the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr Bynum,] is
exceedingly appropriate. All the active operations
of that institution were, and will be, on Govern-
ment funds and private deposites. Toe foimer are
of specie, (Georgia and North Carolina gold, for
instance,) er bank notes commanding specie. Thj
amount involved in th operations of the branch
mints is worth contending for, being from hilf to a
million of dollars annually m United States gold,
besides foieign com This will form an important
item in the specie exhibit of your Bank
Another basis of tne active operations of such a
Bank has b>en, and will be, cotun, rice, and to-
bacco By these it has controll d, and will con-
trol, the foreign exchanges. By the gold pro'uds
and other deposites of your Government, it will
control your domestic exchange , and i\ali/'
th reon what piofus it may deem prud>nt
So far, then, as profits are to be cettv^d from the
natural products, whether oí codin, rice, tobacco
or gold, as a medium of exchanges, foreign or d >-
mesne, it is, by the policy of lh s law, he d to he
just and fair that those piofits should fall into the
hands of the laborers, machan s, or mon cal insti-
tutions of that people wnose soil and climate, % mk
and labor, care and d ligence, j roduce ihose co a-
modities. Th'S is the principle of the existing law,
and yet gentlemen say this is prutcc'ion. Yes, ir,
it is projection—protection to free trade and tquil
rights, that is all; and for tha' only your Govern-
ment was formed.
Another item of expense, s.r, I would here men-
tion, by no means the leas , which would be visited
on those hardy jeomanry *ho d g gold, if you dis-
pense with your branch mm s It i~ the exchange
of pure gold for bank bills which wear out, or bui n
up, or prove worthies, by bank suspensions
or bank breakages. A gieat safeguard and facility
to the inhabitants where gold is produced, arising
from its coinage in their vicinity, is an easy, cheap,
and certain and safe currency for domestic use
And now, as the location of your coinage hnngs
advantages and facilities to those amongst whom it
takes place, m realising it m nwey free of cost,
in th* facilities of currency, &c it becomes a ques-
tion not of protection but of alternative righ' and
choice, in whose favor yru will decn'e—the people
who dig the gold, or thebarkeis, brokers, and mer-
chants of Philadelphia By es abhshtng >our
branch mints, you have determined, according to
equity and justice, to distribute a portion of these
benefit:  to the gold diggers; and now the propt s tion
is to reassume the little you have jietded, and lhat
before you have fairly tssted your policy ol giving
up And why? It is answerd 1st For economy.
2d For reform m Executive patronage, t> dimi-
nish the chances of corruption I, sir, am fur re
form, whenever it can be effee'ed But whit will
be the nature of the reform in 'his cast' As I have
shown, it will be from bid to wore , both in princi-
ple and in practice In principle, because it will
require the producer of gol I, at the price of taxa-
tton, to convert it into paper money, which will be
less sound and safe becau-e of this very act of ta-
king his gold to deposite m a bank in Philadelphia,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
instead of per-mtiing it to c rculate m his  own
ne'ghboihooa
Exp?rience proves thi?, sir. for, prior to establish
ing your branch mints, the people m that part of
my S ate were confined to paper cunency almost
entirely; and, notwithstanding they daily handled
the precióos metals, they were compelled to give it
for paper, as it paper was really the thing of value.
Since the operaron of the mint, the gold is used
as com, being convertible without cost. And even
last summer, in the midst of suspension, that part
of Georgia was supplied with «pecte change.
But this uform will be from bad to wor-^e in
practice, too—since, to no. yourself of these branch
mints and their ofiicers, all ot whom you have pre-
sumed would be corrupted, vcu will throw your
funds <n deposite 111 some vast le ervou—a bank
vault, for instance, (I believe the mover of this is
for íepealmg tne Sub-Treasury, for creating a
United Slates Bank, and for restoring the deposite ,)
where, by the f¿c li y of expansions, one million
may become three, for the benefit ot >our gieat
city and its favorite bank—which, with its officers
and dependant^, you never suspect of of coiruplton
This, nr, will be the practical reformation I
would hive Georgians and Georgia Representa-
tives to look to it This p oduci of Georgia will
be one 1 em m the basis if issue, And the cotton,
nce, and tobacco, ano her In deficiency of these,
the SUte stocks will be invoked to aid them
I', sir, ihi argument of "economy" nto prevail,
let it be examined, and it proves too much or too
little It proves too much, because you can com
?U your gold snd silver cheaper far at Chariot e
and Dahlonega, or either, than at Philadelphia.
Thereto e, the principil Mint shon d be abolished
Sell 5our property it Pniladt-lpna, give us the use
of the pioceed^, and we will do all your coinage
fiee cf «xpen^e
Agun Cciuage is a df&d erpense any way
you may manage, and does not pay for itself. By
th same argtimcn jcu vtukl c in niw'nere, since,
on a store of d llais a id cents, -yoj t ouid find it
che pert    et other tiati ins or mdivi 'uals coin
A°ain I jou abolish thee tfíi es because tuey
are an cxpenie, wh it will beco.ne if tne tiou>and
and one offices, judicnl, civil, fi-nrcial, an^ mihta-
rj, whis'i bmu yoa in no money annua!!)?
S r, this aigomeit will not do. I now proceed
to shiw that, so far as the pohcj you set en with
iijtisi and true, instead of b ing disappoints!, you
may expect ail your reasonable hopes to 1 c re-
alized
First, then, my colleague who sits on my tight
[Mr Holi"! now suggests n me th?t, by intelli-
gence received Ust night, n appears "that by very
rece it dt-cover es there are developments makng
m the gol 1 region of Georgia never before ant ci-
pated " This, in part, I witnessid list sumoier.
And bete i read from ihe document of the Hku, ,
giving a report of the operations of the mint, to
show tnis committee what it seems unaprmM of,
to wit For the three years during v h ch the blanch
m nU have beenopcrilmg, tne two 11 Dihlonega
and Charl tte have c uned nepily twr-tr.rds ot all
the United Statei f.oli nmed in the U'iion during
lhat time—tne tntre amount of Am . 1 m gilo"
co ned being from $420 000 to ^45 1,000, of wh ch
thos  two branches have ci ined about $330,000
And of the §170,000 American g >1J < oined at Phi-
ladelphia ias' } ear, n nety old thousand wa, the
product of G°orgta
Wow, sir, but ioi the high exch^n°es proiuced
by bank suspensions, aiid the operation of an order
at the Mint forbidding !c« «urns than $100 to b°
c uned at th" braurhe , $80 000 <t taat £90 000
would have been coin 1 at Danlonega Add this
to what it did cun, ^ay $126 00O, -nd yoa would
have had over $,300 O00 cimed ?t that branch
As to the product of gold and 1I9 pro p=ets. In
1337, the 5 ear before thesp branches wer  in ope-
rat on, the tatal of United S ates gold was
$382 000 Smce thattime the annual average hai 1
been near halt a million And it Dahlonega in
particu'ar, it is decidedly inc e.sing
Hoi, sir, 1 b°g to e tímale an meiease for the
next year, foindei on the presumption that the
banks will not again suspend, for if they do, bul-
lion will be shipped as exchanges rise,mstead of be-
185
mg coined at home. Here is the estimate: $125 000
piesent product. This will be increased 25 per
cent by increase of labor, new developments, and
ircrea«ed facilites. In round sum, |3l,000. One
half of what went to Pmladelphia to be coined
tt ill be comed at home, say $45 000, making the
total eoinage at Dahlonega $201,000 in the year
nexr ensuing
This is liable to be dimmished by the general or-
der fiom the principal Mint, and the limitation of
the current deposite at Dahlonega to be used to
forward the operations there
Now, sir, in the failure of any of reasons of your
policy, or with no disappointed hopes, it remains to
see who will abrog?te the measure. Toe party
which adopted it cinnot; and those who have
dechned to support it heretofore, I presume,will not
now do it
If it shoull b^ done, I for one will look after the
gold produced in G?orgia, till it finds its stop-
ping place in the vaults of a United S'ates
Bank, and 1 will thon teckon up the cost of putting
and keeping it thsre, and call on tome one to
tell me to/io pays the cost and who divides the profits.
About the same time too, if in life, I will watch
the course our cotton will take, and inquire into
the results which thereby will fall on tha planters
as well as the reasons that will have governed its
course in nade
After some explanations from Mr. TILLING-
HAST,
Mr. STA#LY made some brief remarks, and
c-ncluded by sending an amendment to the desk,
which amendment the Chair decided wa> not in
order
Mr GRAVES followed, and also made some
brief rematks
Mr DAVvSON, after sonv¡ observations in rela-
tu 11 tj ihe wide latitude the debate had taken, op-
posed the proposmon to strike out the appropi ration
for branch m>nt-.( and etpo ed the fallacy of tbe ar-
gu nents uiged in favor ot it It had been said
that ticsc branch mints did not pay their expenses;
but woutd gemlemen of the North say lhat their
nuf e'ous c-tstnm houses and ports of entry paid
tneir expense 1 No, they could not Butthecus-
tom ho 1 es, like the branch mint , weie erected for
th< comiemmce of trie country, and not solely in
ennsuierat o Mf d 1'irs and cents. Mr. D went
on to show that the lame argument would apply to
p 1 11 ffiees and other institutions, established, not
1< r piofit, but lor the convenience of the people.
Ii c inclusion he submitted to his lnends all round
«I edur th'y thought s'ea n enough had not been
1-t off, and wbe her they had not better take the
que tton at once
Mr W C JOHASON made an explanation as
to the vote he should give He considered that
Cat gre«s ought not to scatter the institutions for
coming money all over toe Union, merely because
it hid the power to do it. He was in favoi of
having but one mint for «oining the gold of the
country, unless ihat g Id s'iojld be found m'greater
qiar. lty
After some rmarks from Mr GRAHAM, the
question on taking oui l e c,au*e in question was
id.ien by H'ers, asd decided m the negative—Ayes
53, noes 73.
Fo the am"iidment was reacted
On motion of Mr. ANDREWS, the committee
then rose and reported piogre's-,
Trie Hons" then adjournal
IN SENATE,
Thursday, February 18, 1841
Mr WILLIAMS presented ths following reso-
lutions, pi< ed by  the Legislature oí the State of
Tvl me, wh ci were read
RC>OI\E^ 1\ RELATION TO THE CURRENCY
1    Resolved, That the po icy of this country, in
pub ic ~nd prvp'e financial matter-, has always
bet n to mainiatn a mixed money of paper and
metals, th° Utler foiming the basis of the former,
tha bank paper, convertible into specie at the plea-
su>e cf the holder, is a safe and convenient cur-
rtney, and an¡rcnangeoí pjhey tending to substi-
tute an entire metallic currency, would bs injurious
in its effects, and impracticable in its execution.
2   Resolved, That for the interest of the whole com-
