!
190
that the resolutions of 1819 and of 1829 were con-
stitutional and obiiga'ory 1 have shjwn what has
hitherto been the action of ih; Senate, and how has
it been in the Hcu^e' Has there been, at any
time, any vote, any decision ot the House, that the
resolution of 1819 was not obligatory upon that
body? No, sir; l challenge the Senator to bring
forward any such record It is true, that, since
1835, the resolution has been prac ical'y d sregarded
by the Hou.se; and the Senator from Connecticut,
if correctly understood, contends 'hat, inasmuch as
the House of Representatives have not observed the
resolutions of 1819 and of 1829, they are no longer
binding upon the Senate. A strange argument indeed1
Because the House of Representatives violate the
law, it is a justification of the Senate to do the
same. This may be good morality with the Senator,
but it does not satiify my mind. Tne only ques-
tions are, wheiher the re o'utions be or be not ob-
ligatory—whether tbey are or are not cons'itu-
ttonal; not whether this or that man—ihis or that
body of men—have praciically disregarded them.
Mr. President, I hold that the resolutions are bind-
ing, aud sure I am that the Semtor so regarded
them in ls33 We were then both members of ihe
House of Representative-!, and on the 15th day ot
February, 1833, after thirteen unsuccessful ballots
for Public Printer, a moiion was made by Mr.
Boon of Indiana to postpone further proceedings
until the second day of March ensuing, withm the
period of the Congress. And the Senator voted
against the motion. I vo ed tor it II the Senator
had then beloved, as he now professes to believe,
that the resolutions were uncons itut oml, is it not
singular that he should have thtn voted for an
election m violation of that same Constitution?
And the result of Ihe fourteenth ballot se
cured the election of his friends, Gales and
Seaton In ray judgment, Congress wa  then
bound, as it is now bound, to elect a Printer to
execute the pub ic printing for the next Con-
gress. On the 9'h of February, 1835, Mr McKin-
ley, now one of the Judges of our Supreme Court,
moved that "the House will, on Thursday next,
proceed to the election of Printer for the House of
Representatives of the next Congress, viva voce "
I voted to carry into effect that resolution But,
mark it, Mr President, it was ultimately defea'ed
by the political friends of the Senator from Con-
necticut; and this was the Gra ltiterrupfon of the
practice of the Hou e under the joint resolutions of
1819 and 1829 of electing a Punier (or the suc-
ceeding Congress. It «o happened ihit the resolu
tion was not again reached, during that session
From that time the House of Representatives, I
freely admit, have not, at the close of one Con-
gress, elected a printer foi the succoedmg Congress
But, on examination, it will be iound to be owing
to the presa of busmen, an i nit to any avowed
doubt of the binding force ot the resolutions of
1819 and 1829 As evidence that I am correct in
my view of the sentiment andftelmg of ihe House,
I subjoin the following extracts from a speech
made in. 1835, by Mr Evans of Maine, a distin-
guished member of the House, ai d soon to become
a member of this bodj
"Mr Evans moved the following amendment Stnke out
viva voce, and uistrt, under tht authority of the jomt lesolu
tion approved Match 3, lsl9 '
* The amendment having been read,
"Mr JwANSMid H seemed obvious to him that iftheiesolu
tion propobed by the gentleman lrom Alabama ought to pass at
all, it should pass in the shape Mi   E  proposed    If not, he
would inquire of the honoraole mover byaud under what au
thority the House could undena! e to go into the election of
Printer at ad for the next Congress?   There was none except
that denvedfiom the resitutionof 18Í9 as-rnended by the joint
resolution of the oth of February, !d¿9    ísow, the very mtro
duction ol the res ilution by the honorable member from Alaba
ma recognised the force ol tho e resolutions    It was by vntue
of those two j nnt le oiuuons alone that one Congress had the
right to ap joint a Prut i f t  the succeeding  one, and the
phra eo ogy proposed by "Mr E was the only phraseology that
could consistently be u^ed    lie begged leave  also, to lemmd
the House that such was the phraseology adopted ever since
the former joint íc&olution was ador ted    The motion had al
ways been made and agreed to, that on such a day the House
would proceed to the election of Printer under the authority of
the joint resolution of the 31 March 1819   and to entitle the
House to do so on the present occasion, the same phraseology
must be made use of
"Gentlemen had said, on a former occasion, when this sub
J6" came «P incidentally for consideran n, that the resolution
of 1819 was temporary m its nature, and limited to two years
Asan answer to that, he could only say that it was never con
uiderect so, neither by the then, nor by the succeeding Con
grees, each of whom regarded it as binding upon themselves,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and upon the succeeding Congress Even so lately as 1S29
the journals of the IIous show this, wherein it was stated that
the House proceeded to the election of Printer in obedience to
me joint resolution of 1819, and this was the phraseology foi
seveial years after the adoption of that resolution Then if
that is resolution be in force, and had not been repealed, we
derived the only authority we had to choose a Printer for the
next session fiom these two tesoluuons
"ihe next question that came up for consideration was,
whether the Printer was an officer of the House, or not Mr
E would not go into this at any length, but it was enough for
the justification of his own vote to say that he did not consider
the Printer an officer withm the meaning of that clause m the
Constitution giving each House the right to appoint its officers,
any more than the person who supplied the House with sta
tionery, or fuel, or furniture In Mr E s judgment, it stood up-
on thesame principle " "He thought they would be incurring
great hazard by repealing the joint resolution, oi alteurg the
present mode m any way at this late hour At present he he
lieved the existing mode the best At all events, he was not as
sured that a bettei could be devised '
I lully concur in opinion with the honorable
gentleman, from vtho^e speech in 1835 I have
made such liberal quotation!-, and it is a little re-
markable that in the debate of the House of Repre-
sentatives which has taken place upon the subject
of the joint resolutions of 1819 and of 1829, and in
the debate which has taken place in the Senate
heretofore upon this same question, nota political
friend of ihe Senator from Connecticut has ever
contended that the passage of those resolutions was
unauthorized by the Constitution—that they were
not obiiga'ory in their character No, sir, their
doctrine, as avowed, as expresad, has been en-
tirely a different doctrine I have, Mr President,
nothing further to say with reference to the consti-
tutionally, and with refetence to ihe force and ob-
ligation, of the joint resolutions of 1819 and of
1829 They have been iranscnbed, and are mcor-
ponted m my speech. The ac'ion of boih Houses
unuer the reso'u ton of 1819 up to 1829 Ins bt?en
uniform, and the action of the Senate has been alike
uniform up even to this day. I have placed th s re-
cord before the people, and I have shown the deli-
berate decision of the Senate on this very question
in 1835, and the acquiescence in that decision, and
with all these facts I am willing to leave this mat-
ter to our masters. And notwithstanding what the
Senator says about the state of popular opinion, I
greatly mi'judge if he will not find, now and here-
after, opinion and duty co-operating to sustain the
law and the authority of our Government.
The Senator says that there 11 no necessity, at
this u«ne, for the passage of the resolution whioh I
have hsd the honor to < ffer to the Senate, inasmuch
as the new Senate will avsomb'e here m a very few
days, and that our PubUe Printer, now m office,
will continue to the 4 n of March, at which time
the new Sena'e will be in session. Suppose the
fact to be as stated by the Senator, does it exone-
rate us from the performance of our duty in obe-
dience to ihe resolutions of 1819 and of 1829? No,
sir Tnose resolut ons being imperative, we are
b und now to proceed to the election, wheiher there
be, or bs not, any absolute necessity to make the
appeintment But even if the law was not impe-
rative, I should differ altogether with the Senator
from Connecticut as to the necessity ot making the
elec ion at this time We have had experience
opon this matter At the commencement of the
24th Congress, there was an election of Printer for
the House ; and was he able to perform the ser-
vice required' No, sir. Being unprepared for such
an important, for such a responstDle, for such an
expensive undertaking, he was at once obliaed to
give over the publ'c printing to o hers. And sup-
pose that, on the 4th of March next, the Senate
shou'd elect Mr Ritchie, of Richmond, or some
one not having been employed to execute the pub-
lic printing, would they be prepared to enter at
once upon Ihe service? No, sir. It requires
time, labor, and a great outlay, to be prepared
to execute the work. So said the joint com-
mute  in 1819, and to insure "despatch, accur-
acy, and neainess," in conduct ng the pub'ic
printing, they recommended an election of one
Congress for the service of another, and so
has every succeeding one done. There would
then be, looking merely to the necessity of the
case, a fitness to se'ect the Public Printer novo to
execute the printing for the next Congress. I trust
it will be done, and all that the Senator has said
upon ihe inexpediency of proceeding to the elec-
tion, has already been ansjwered. If the law en-
joins upon us trie duty to make the election, it
should be done If there is no positive and expli.
cit law of requirement, then I ^ay, necessi y, conve-
nience, and economy, demand that we should now
proceed to the election, and it should be done la
bringing forward the resolution, I d.d what I felt
to be my duty. I did it unsolicited and unadvised
I have now submitted the considerations which in-
duced me to offer tho resolution, and I leave the
matter to the Senate to dispose of according to their
judgment and discretion.
Mr. HUNTINGTON replied that there was no
difference between the Senator and himself as to
the facts—indeed, there could be none, as the re-
cord spoke the truth. Tne praottee, he admitted,
under the resolutit n of 1819, had been to appoint
a Printer prior to the next Congress, in order that
sufficient time might be given the person appomtsd
to make all the necessary arrangements, but now
no such necessity existed. The resolution was
nothing more than a tacit understanding between
the two bodies, one of which had since virtually
annulled it, having never acted under it since
1833. Was it, therefore, to be considered binding
on the Senate1? In the tew remarks made by him
the other day, he contended that the resolution was
not compulsory, and he bad then asked if it was
necessary, expedient, or just, for an Administration
going out of power to palm an obnoxious individual
on a majority that was coming into power, fie
had shown that it was not necessary, because the
present Printer would act until the 4th of March.
Was it then expedient or ju>t to appoint a Printer,
when the moral certainty wa-s. that the dominant
party, acting under its constitutional right, would
annul tt at aipomtment the next Congress? These
weie the grounds he had taken, and he certainly
did not think them untenable Thi Senator had
referred to the journals of the Hous', with a view,
as he supposed, to fix the charge of inconsistency
upon him Now he was not in the habit of referring
to journals to loek for the votes of Senators; but
since his vote on that occasion had been alluded te,
he would beg leave to show from the record how
the case stood. On the I lth February, 1833, a
motion was made to go into the election of Printer,
(the Senator and himself were then members of the
other branch,) but no election was he'd UDtil the
14th of thai month, when ten ballots were had with-
out a choice being effected. On the 15 n a mot>on
was again made to proceed to the election,, when
Mr. Hall of North Carolina (he believed it w?s)
moved to postpone the election until the fitot Thurs-
day in ihe next session. Mr. Williams, of the
same Siatr, moved to lay lhat mot on on the table,
and Mr Hall withdrew it. Mr Boon then moved
to postpone it until the 2d March; on which motion
the yeas and nays were demanded, and it was de-
cided in the nsgative, the Senator (Mr Hubbard)
voting for the postponement, and himself against
it. The ground on which I acted (said Mr. H.)
was, that if the election were to take place, it was
better to hold it at once than to postpone it until
within one day of the c'ose of the session. Now
if the Senator then cons dered the joint resolution
obl'gatory, why did he vote to postpone it? If
there v/as any inconsistency, the Senator is certain-
ly more justly chargeable with it than I am.
Mr SEVIER said he was not a little amused
with the observations of the two Senators, each
busy in endeavoring to show he had voted right on
former occasions. The amount of Ihe matter was,
that they intended to elect their Printer if they
could, and the o'her party, he presumed, would
prevent it if it could It was a question of power
altogether, and as they had the power then, they
meant to exercise it, for it would not be very long
that they should retain it When in the as-
cendency, he made it a rule to take care of
the interests of hi1* political friend , and would vote
for Blair and Rives and elect them if he could.
Whenever the power was lost, he submitted like a
man with the best grace imaginable.
Mr. HENDERSON was understood to say, in
effect, that if the election was not indispensable at
this time to the interests of the Senate, it would be
improper to proceed wiih it. Nothing appeared to
him more absurd than that the Senate was bound
by the joint resolution of 1819. The right was
inherent m both bodies to choose their Pfficerj, in-
