deperdent of any resolution, and it waswio"g to j
suppose that one body was to be bound by the I
proceedings of the other.
Mr. MANGUM had hoped (his matter would
not have been presseJ. He reminded toe Sonata
that en previous occasions, when these elections
had been made, they wer^ not made by a majority
of one political compter m for their sueee-sors of
a different política Jparty: nowever, if the re olu-
tion had alwa}s been treated m good faith, he
should not stand there to justify their viola ion; but
having been disregarded by one branco oi Con-
gress, he should consider them abrogated on th.s
occasion. Yet he did not stand there to impugn
the House for what it had done; for his opiruon
was, that the officers of the House should either
represent the opinions of that body, or, at hast, not
coiflict nnh them Suppose a rule were adopted
to appoint the commutes^ in, advance—the comtn t-
tees, in his opinion, in every legislative body,
should represent tie opinions of that body—an 1
would then their successors be bound to reiain
committees of their predecessors' appointment
And so in respect to their Fnnter, who, it had been
decided, was an othcer of tha House, ard therefoie
they possessed the constitutional right to make or
unmake, to retain or to remove. He h*d no doubt
the resolution of 1819 was passed with the mo ive
which bad been mentioned—that the per-^on ap-
pointed might lay in printing mater a's and maKe
preparation to discharge his dutie ; but now they
were not likely to be subjected to any incon-
venience of that sort; but if they were, he would
rather submit to it than that this elect'on should
now take place, for heshou'd consult i it as an on-
rage on ihe recent demonstrat ons oí puíkc sen 1-
ment, and on the body s j soon to c mi there
Viewing it in this light, he could only say /or one,
m a spirit of candor, that if gentlemen pressed this
motion, and went into an election, which, having
the power, they could do, as soon as a body arm ed
there of a different opinion, and he were in the
dominant party, he should not only feel n to be his
right, but his duty, to seek to make a change. He
made this declaration that there might be no out-
lays (or materials, for he should move a reveisal
of the appointment, and the election of such a
one as might be in accordance with the deliberate
will of the Senate hereafter to assemble, or, at all
events, of one who would not be obnoxious to the
whole of them.
Mr. SEVIER, said he had never known an in-
stance of any pany being m power that did not
exercise that power lor its own benefit, and it
wasm vain to tell him no v to pursue a different
course. He thought there was no analogy be-
tween the appointment of committees and cf Pub-
1 c Printer—the latter contracted to do the work at
a given price, for which he- entere 1 into bonds.
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Man-gum]
had said he would conceive it a pariy outrage to
select a Printer adverse to th? Senatoi's principles.
Now it was well known that this had always been
done. He might advert to the time when Giles
and Seaton and also Duff Green were Printer^ and
had not each of ihose Printers in turn been elected
at the close of sessions when their party wou'd not
be in power in the succeeding Congress, and had
any thing been said or done in the premise*? The
Senator now gives us notice that when he comes
into power, he shall annul our choice; in other
words, that he will expunge and ("raw black lines
against our Printer. Sir, said Mr. S I hardly
think he will do that, as many of his own party
were so averse to that measure, particularly ray
friend from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] nho has
pledged himself for every year he remains in tix-1
body to bring forward his measure to expunge the
great expunger. Tnat Senator at least will not
lend his aid to expunge, though our Pnn.er may be
against his political creed.
Mr. BAYAED said that if a person were ap-
pointed who had indulged m the met unmeasured
detracaon and abuse of the party soon to be the
majority, however unpalatable his removal might
be, he would perform it. But was the resolution of
1819 obligatory on this bod}? In order to settle
that question, it was necessary to ascertain the re-
lation, in which the Printer stood to this body.   He
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
comended tnat the Pnn er was an officer of the Se-
nate to multiply copies of their documents by his
upes and presses, which must be done by clerks if
the ait of printing had not neen discovered. And
next, what was tt e tenure of the office?—for that was
as much an essence of the office as ihe duties to be
performed The coustuutional tenure of all offices
was "at will and pleasure," and no law of Con-
gress cou'd change the character of the Comtitu-
tion. Well, th-n, mthe third place, was it wi<-e in
the present majority to exercise the mce power
tney possessed to force on the Senate for the next
Congress an individual that was so highly ob-
noxicus to them' Wis it expedient to don? It cer-
iainly was not; for the Senate might rely that they
(ihe futute majority) would never submit to what
the p csent majority had no right to impose on
them. WojM the Senate, then, exercise a power
winch must be nugatory .n Us results, and iorce a
spy into the camp? If they did, he did not say
they would harg him, but he assured the Ssnate
they would get rid oí him.
Mr. LINN called the atteation of the Senate to
the fact that this day was cet apart for the resolu
t'O'i oí the Senaior from Kentucky for the repeal of
the Independent Treasury ac , and he hoped it was
not in'endi d by this discus-ion to slide over that
and me bankrupt bill, which was a measme of
much greater importance He would also remind
tl em mat at ihi? stage of the session there were
tnuteen special orueis of the utmost consequence, to
be disposed ot, b side a great amount of other busi-
ness, and, therefore, he wished this question to be
speedily disponed of.
Mr. PRENTiSS saij his mten'ion was to vote
for tie p isipjnemet t. If ihe resolution of 1819
were cf force, hp, for on", >"ould carry it out, but
he aid not so regird it He thought th<- Printer
ia< an effi ei if ti e Senate unhin ihe ser.se of ihe
C nst.'utu a
Mi. DIXON deemed this 'oo important a ques-
tion on which to give a silent vote; and he therefore
gave his reasons, at length for opposing the appoint-
ment of a Printer at the present session. He said
there was no doubt that the printer for the Senate
is exclusively an officer of the Senate. He is ap-
pointed by the Senate; all his labors are prescribed
aud (Vected by them, and for them only. Besides,
he holds h's office at the wi 1 and pleasure of the
Seriate, for they can remove him when they please.
It that does not consinute him an officer of the Se-
nate, nothing can make <¡ny m¿n an offrer of the
body. The power to make the appomtmrnt is de-
rived from the Constitution, ft is conferred on the
Senate alone. It is not a power to be divided or
exerc sed in conjunction with ?ny other b'a- ch of
the G jvert-tnent, or to be compromitted b) any con-
ventional airangements The provision of the Con-
stitution that the S-na'e shall choose their officers,
well compoits with that familiar princiole recog-
nised in conferring agency and delegating power.
Governments appoint their officers, prmeipa's
appoint their agents, and master; appoint their ser-
vants. But it is said the Sana's have qualified this
exclusive power, an(, by jo'nt legislation, have
changed the mode of exercising it. That by a
joint resolution of the two Hcuses of Congress,
adopted in 1819, it has been ¡rovided that each
House shall elect i's printer for the next Con-
gress; whereby it becomes the duty of the Senate
to elect a printer at this time—not for the present,
but for the next C ngress. It would seem strange
that a joint resolution should be passed for the re
gnlatinn of that which could only be the subject of
individual control. But there were rea-ons then
existing for that joint resolution, which afterwards
cea ed, which reasons probsbly pievenled any
thorough consideration of the constitutional ob-
jections. The saving ot expense of printing, as
well as the better exeeu'ion oí the work, was con-
templated by the joint arrangement; and another
consideration was the want of anv punting esta-
blishment here at that time, ('n 1819,) with saffi-
Cient mach nery and extent of means to perform
the woik required, without the allowance of
longtime to piepare for it. But the other House
were doubtlcs* oisappo.utsd in th ir ant.cipation
of benefits from that joint resolution—for it is now
said that since it has beea disregarded m the other
Í91
House, better and more economical arrangements
have been made; and the House have not eon-
formed to the provisions of the joist resolution
vnce 1835. Now why have they not conformed, to
it? One answer is, that the reasons which had giwn
rise to it had c ased; and henGe the rule should
cease. But doubtless ihe more saus'actojy reason
was, the resolution was deemed unconstitutional) it
was not bn ding, and of course reqaired no formal
legislation to repeal it. Therefore, from 1835x it
has be¡.n set aside in that branch of the Legislature;
which amounts, as far as they can aflect it, to a
complete abrogation of the resolution. There is
no power now to enforce its execution, and of
course it has become a dead letter. It is true, sir,
that the Senate continued to practise upon that
joint resolution long after it was discontinued and
violated in the other House. But when the Senate's
action was in conformity with it m 1835, the reso-
lution had not then been discontinued in the House.
There was, at that time, some reasons, iherefore,
why the Senate should adhere to v; and they then
appointed a printer for the next Congress. But is
that any reason why they shou'd do the same now,
af er the resolution has been five years discontinued
in the other House, not only from the consideration
that it had ceased to be useful, but from the higher
consideration that it was unconstitutional?
Mr CLAY of Alabama said he had not intend-
ed to siyaword upon this occasion; but senti-
ments and purposes so extraordinary had been
avowed by gentlemen on the o her side, that he
could no longet remain silent. Perhaps the most
S'ngular notion of all that had been uteredfell
from the Sena'or from III o le Island, [Mr Dix-
on,] who had just taken his seat. That gentleman
maintains that ihe law which governs the election
of Public Printer, is virtually repealeJ; and how?
Why, '■imply by the im i t«ei of one branch
of Congres! Is not this extraordinary doc-
trine indeed? Both Houses units m passing a
law, according to all the forms of the Constitution;
even the approval of the Executive has been sought
and obtained; and the gentleman sagely maintains
the idea, that because one branch of Congress dis-
regards it, or does not carry it out ia practice/or a
few j ears, it is, in effect, repealed1 Mr. C. said
this was certainly an entirely nevel mode of
rer/eal. He h d always before supposed that it
reqaired the s.me power,and the same forms, to
repeal a la*, that it did to make it. Why, accord-
ing to this doctrine, sir, we may soon be without
law altogether. It did seem lo him to be most as-
tonishing doctrine.
Sir, said Mr. C how stands the matter? On
the 3d of March, 1319, a joint resolution passed,
"directing the manner in which the printing of
Congress shall be executed, fixi ,g the prices there-
of, and providing for the appointment of a printer
or punters " This resolution required the election
of a printer or printers for tae then ««siting- Congiess,
refoie the adjournment. Toe election accordingly
took place, and hid been made biennially theieaf-
ter, a few days before the close of every Congress,
for the succesdmg ore, up to the 5 h of February,
1829, when ano her joint resolut on was approved
by the Execu'ive, amendatory to that of 1819.
This last reso'ution is imperative, "ihat, within
thirty days before the adjournment of every Con-
gress, each House shall proceed to vote for a printer-
to execute its work fur and during the succeeding Con,
gress,"&a. This is the only chang  or qualifica-
tion which has been made in the law of 1819,
smc« its enactment. Both resolutions were regu-
larly passed through each House of Congress, and
were approved by ihe President—-i ecsrae, and now
remain, the law of the land Yet, sir, what do we
now hear from gentlemen of the other side?
Why, they not only protest against an election of a
Printer to the Senate, pursuant to this law, but
they admonish us of th  consequeoets if we
proceed to make one. Ye', sir, almost every gen<
tleman of (he Opposition who has spoken upon the
subject—am uming to some four or five—has
threatened u  with the expulsion of ahormoeve.
*te may elect, so sorn as they get mo power
Such is the very commendable and modest coarse
of the party which claims all the decency, and all
the morality and learning, and boasts of its devc-
