192                                            CONGRESHONAL GLOBE.
tion to the supremacy of the law. Notwithstand-
ing the undeniable existence of the law, and though
we may elect a Printer in strict accerdance with
its provisions, they tell us they will turn him
out, whenever they get the power. Mr. C. said he
had often heard the remark—proverb it might be
called—of "feeling might, and forgetting right."
This was supposed to be the case with some who
were in power; but the gentlemen on the other side
go beyond this; they feel their might in anticipa-
tion; they cannot wait till they get into power; th:y
warn us that they will inflict the penally of expul-
sion against our Printer, if we go on to execute th«
law oí the land, in conformity with invariable cus-
tom since its enactment. On the 3d of next
month, twenty-two years will have elapsed since
the passage of the law of 1819; and, during all
that time, no matter what pany has had the ma-
jority, the Senate has unirormly elected its Printer,
at the same period, for the succeeding Congress
Mr. C. asked, on what ground is it that gentle-
men have given us the n odest intimations with
which we have been favored on this occasion'?
Why, they assumed that because the Constitution
gives to each House the power to choose its own
officers, they cannot uniie m passing a law for the
appointment of any person, in advance, to peifoim
merely mechanical duties—duties which presuppose
the necessity of laying in materials, and making
pieparation for the performance of dut'es, be'ore
their commencement. Mr. C. denied that ihe Print-
er of either House was n(ce--s,uily to be regarded
as an officer, in the Consiimiionil sense of that
term. The Constitution had reference to th? pre-
siding officers of the two Houses—Ihe Secretary,
Clerks, Doorkeepers-, and such as were otni-gpd
With the performance of duties immediately
within the rooms we occupy. . The mo^t that
could be said of the Pricier was, Mr. C. con-
tended, that he was a quasi officer, but no mote
our officer than the man who drive? a can in the
transportation of our documents, books, and pa-
pers. Upon any other view of the Constitution, he
said, you might make every individual, who did
any other mechanical duly, or rendeied any other
service beyond these wails to facilitóle our busi-
ness, an officer. If ihe law as it stood was objec-
tionable, why did not those whoso regarded it bring
in a proposition for its tepeal or modification? Was
it not stranae, afier the 'operation cf the existing
liw for twenty-two years, with the acquiescence of
all parties, under the various changes which had
taken place within lhat period, and without even a
motion to inquire into the expediency of its repeal
or modification, that we should now hear it boldly
declared by gentlemen ihat it most not be carried
into execution; and that if it be executed, they will
treat it as a nullily? Yes, (*sid Mr. C ) gentlemen
plainly tell us that ihey will disregard the law, and
trample it under their feet, when it i  not likely to
be executed to their taste, and minister io their
views.
And on what ground did they object to its execu-
tion? Why, simply because the person who, it was
supposed, would be appointed, happened to be ob-
noxious to certain honorable gentlemen. And
would not the person, that the gentlemen on the
opposite side would appoint, probably be equally
obnoxious to a large minority' Gentlemen had
alluded to the character of the paper which is pub-
lished by the present Printers to the Senate, and
were pleased to denounce it for what they termed
iis slander and abuse, which.had been sent forth in
its column?. Now, he cared not wh ch of ihe politi-
cal papers ihey took, published in this city on their
tide, he ventured to say, as much slander and
abuse—ay, and as infamous libels, to adopt the lan-
guage used by one of the gentlemen—could be found
in their columns, within the last six monihs, as had
ever been published to the woild through those of
any other paper. Even the paper which had been
held up by the party to which the gentleman be-
longed as tne model of decency, had ctnlained,
during the last summer and fall, some of the Kiost
nefarious falsehood', and libels v.hich had ever d's-
graced the columns of «?ny pany paper. He
thought the doctrines advanced came with a bad
grace from those who complained so much of the
«panging operation, which bad bfn ailw-d to in
the debate. It accorded very badly with their
boasted deference and respect for law and order,
whtn, in defiance of law, and the uniform practice
under it for so many years, they declared their pre-
determination to displace the person that might
now be appointed—nolens volens—right or wrong—
because, forsooth, he was politically obnoxious.
Well, sir, if gentlemen think proper to pursue such
a course, let them do it, when they possess the
power they anticipate; for one, said Mr. C. no
threat of such a character shall deier me from the
performance of a duty imposed by the law of the
land.
Mr. MERRICK did not conceive himself bound
by the joint resolution of 1319. The right of
Congress to appoint its own officers was an inhe-
rent right, and could not be restricted by any reso-
lution whatever. In the present case the Senator
from Arkansas had stated the principles on which
he and his party were acdng—it was a question of
party power, and the avowal had been frank and
honorable on the part of that Senator. But as ths
Senator said he was determined to elect his Printer
when he had the power, he (Mr. M ) hoped he
would be excused for exercising the same privilege
when the next came into power, and permit ihe
Senate to select its own officers.
Mr. MANGUM pgain addressed the Senate, de-
nying that the resolution of 1319 was considered in
the light of a compulsory law, but as a mere tacit
understanding of ihe two branches of the National
Legisla'ure. The Constitution was exceedingly
clear on this ri¿ht of Congress, and no resolution
or law could so act as ¡o deprive it of that ri"ht.
Mr. M. alluded to a case on the Executive journal,
where, owing, as it was 'bought, to me loo frequent
appoinlmen'.s by the Executive of persons trom
ihe old States to fill offices in the new, there had
been a resoluaon passed by the Senate refusing to
ratify in any case where the rule wasdepaited from.
It was thought wrong in principle to mike appoint-
ments from oldStates when good material was to bj
found in the new, and he (Mr. M.) had always so
considered it. No one would venture to say, how-
ever, that the Executive right was restricted by the
passage of ihe resolution. It was considered a mere
indication of the public feeling. Gen. Jackson, who
was then President, was unwilling to make appoint-
ments while lhat resolution remained, and finally
refused to do so until it was rescinded. The Prc-
iUenthad the right on his side. There-solution
was rescinded, (said Mr. M.) amd I voted for it.
In ihe present case, if the rule had been acquiesced
in by both Houses, then there eould be no cause
for cavil; but the right of Congress to selrct i's o«n
officers cannot even be restricted, much less abro-
gated. It was a question now of political power,
aud not having tasted any thing of the kind for
some years, he felt disposed to txercite a httie in
this ease. Without meaning lo be personal, he
affirmed that the appointment of certain indivi-
duals to the office of Public Primer would be odious
to the country, End highly offensive to the body.
He would not be understood as being favorab'e to
a general proscription; on the contrary, he avowed
lhat where an officer in his ministerial capacity had
not abused his office or his trust, nor prostituted his
i ffice to politic?.! purposes, had not improperly in-
terfered in the elective franchise, and was honest
and capable, he would set his face against his re-
moval. He considered that a contrary course
would be opening the door to the corrupt followers
of all parties to demand their reward; that it would
be dangerous to our institutions and subversive of
public liberty. Gentlemen said the_f had the power
now, and would exercise it. Where is the neces-
sity oí doing ;o, o  ihe very eve of its departure
from them, when there w.ss a moral certainty that
iheir appointment would be annulled in the next
meeting of Congress?
•    The question being about to be put—
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said that he had hoped
this resolution would not have been pressed. He
had hoped at this late hour of the session it would
not h%ve been attempted by an expiring Admini-
stration to force theSjna*eir..to an election of Print-
ers who were to act, not for those at present in
power, bat for the sucesediug Administraiioa. He
protected against t'n« doctrine laid down by th?
Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Sevier] that those in
power were determined to use their power as long
as ihey could, leaving it to ¡heir successors to do the
same. Especially when it was known that the in-
dividuals to be appointed were so utterly odious to
those who were in a few days to succeed to the
possession of the Government, that, if they were
going to act like men and fearlessly discharge their
duty, it was impossible they could allow such per-
sons to remain in office for one single moment. I
will now say, exclaimed Mr. C. that so far as I
know the sentiments of my friend', there is not
one of us who is not firmly and irrevocably de-
■termined, if the election is rescindable, to re-
scind it.
Mr. SEVIER expressed surprise at the remarks
which had fallen from the Senator from Kentucky.
Was it not perfectly well known that a party go-
ing out of power, in making appointments to office
never inquired whether the persens appointed would
be agreeable or not to ¡he party coming into power?
In the House of Representatives, just before the
political change which brought General Jackson
into power, Gales aud Seaton had been appointed
Public Printers, and when the dominant party came
in, those gentlemen weic suffered to remain in c.f-
fice for two years longer.
[Mr. Benton.    We submitted to it.]
Were not nominations sent in by Mr. Adams to
the very last hour of his term? The nominalion of
Mr. Burton of North Carolina, for the appointment
of Governor of Arkansas, had been sent in by the
Senator from Kentucky, who was at that time Se-
cretary oi State. But this, with all the other nomi-
nations, was ¡aid on the lable by the opposite party,
who then had a majority in the Senate. Was the
measure now proposed such a new and unprece-
dented thing that the Senator need be surprised at
its being pressed at this time? At the close of the
term of thv elder Adams, had not nominations been
made by hits of judges at midnight on the third of
March, atid d,d not the Senate confirm the nomi-
nations? Some of the judges so appointed were in
office to this hour. Was there any thing strange that
it was proposed by those going out of power to elect
their Printer while they were able to do it? He
was really amnsed to s;e two old and experienced
Senators, like the gentleman from New Hampshire
and ihe gentleman from Kentucky, cajoling and
coquetting about a thing that every body could un-
derstand. He was not for mincing matters in that
way. What he had before stated were facts,
which had since been avowed by every body but
the Senator from Kentucky, and he had adduced a
case in point, where a nominaron had come in, at
the last h ur, from the Senator himself. He did
not comp'ain of this. He had thought at the time
the nomination ts be a very good ene; and, so far
as he was concerned, he would have been very
willing to have the individual named as Governor
of Arkansas, but that nomination, together wiih all
ethers similarly made, had been laid on the table.
The Senator had told them about the party com-
ing into power turning out Mr. Blair, (he supposed
he was the man to be chosen—Mr. S. should vote
for him,) if he should be appointed, the first mo-
ment they had the power to d* it. Well, and were
they to be deterred by threats like these? Not at
all. He expected they would turn him out; and
not him only, but whomsoever e!*e they pleased.
He cared nothinss for this; he spoke not on his own
account; for happily he never had held any office
other than that the people had given him,, and
therefore, he could speak with the greater freedom.
If, indeed, there happened to be in any office of this
Government a man who had never in his life
displeased the Y/higs, he supposed he might be left
to stand as a sobtaiy monument of Whig forbear-
ance. But as for the other party, they expected to
be turned out, from one end of the country to the
other. And, for one, he should disown them if
they whimpered under i1; he was very sure he
should not. So far from it, he would furnish the
gentlemen with ¡be names of all who held office in
his district. They might turn them out, every man,
and ¡hey would hear no complaint. You have got
the power, (cried Mr. S ) and I expect you will use
it. You have got some hungry friends there, who
hays been ejgeily waiting these twelve years, an,d
