194
All 1 claim is, that we bhall act on principle, not
from p?ssion
In the prtsent cas , the individual now employ-
ed as- Pr nter to the Sena e may be, o i many ac-
count*, peculiarly disagreeable to those wh tare
soon to be a majority here; and let it be remember-
ed that he is not an officer ot the Government at
large, employed as a general servant of the public
at large, but that he is our officer, to do our busi-
ness. This is not a question of spoil=, but it is a
question whether we shall have for our own special
agent a person agreeable to us. The question is,
whetner a majority of to day, who are to be a mi-
nority to morrow, shall fix upon us a man who is
kaown by them to be peculiarly disagreeable to us
or -whom he is appointed to act? That is the
fuestion; and I should think it >s a question easily
answered. I repudiate, as I have said, all idea of
turn'ng a man out for rrere opinion'  sake Let
not a hair of any man's head be touched, say I, tor
the political notions which may lurk under it.
Never, till he falls within the rule laid down by
Jefferson—anile which has now been avowed by
a voice which, as I believe, but embodies the will
of the whole country—never let a finger be laid
upon him I here pledge myself never, in any
ca^e where my will or action may be concerned, to
indulge in one jot or tittle of that most abominable
principle charged upon us by the Senator frota
Michigan, that men are to be p«ni hed for opi-
nion's sake—lhat to the victors belong the spoils
Mr ANDERSON said, he rose for the purpose
of throwing < ff the imputation which the gentle-
man who had just taken his seat had chosen to can,
as he under-stood him, opon the Republican party.
He had but a word or two to make in reply, ana
he did this because, for himself, he was unwilling to
have attributed to him, by implication or otherwise,
sentiments he never entiranrd Por his part he
n ver wasanadvoca'e of the policy of pro crip i in—
ai d h- held now the opinions up n th s  ubject he
had always cherished He was graufied to hfar
the gentleman from Souih Carolina say that he,
too, was opposed to proicription, and that the pre-
sent dominant party would enler upon their power
iq that spirit and would carry out no violence
upon the publio f.elmj and sympatay oí the coun
try He was pleaded to hear him announc  his
opinion to be that honesty and capacity constituted
the great and leading qualifications for office He
trusted that the opposite party would remember
these declaration", and would fairly abide by them.
He understood the gentleman to impute to the Re-
pubLcan paity the policy o( Machuvel—and to
make it as a charge up in the whole party, as had
been olien done briore, that a solitary individual,
then a member of this b >dy, had declared in his
.place, lhat to the "victors belong the s-po Is " For
one, he repel'ed this imputation He was neither
an admirer of the maxims of Machuvel, noi the
sy temot po.iey <f Wilpo'e nor Richelieu, no"-did
he, for him-tll nor di I the panv witli wh cb he hail
acted, as he believed, reu guise ihe doeini e that
to the victor^ belong the svhiL h was th  d ' Ite-
ration, he said, < f a solitary individual, and had
founi no ad pnon with oth rs, nor was it de-
signed, as re pb/ays "opposed, and understood, to
be taken up in the literal aid odious stn^e in
which our poll ical opponfnts hive interpreted
it for the pnbhe ear. Hi did not prncnl to undi r-
stand thtoi gin of ihe term, or lh-> exact sens- 11
« hich it Hi de igned to be recused, but he could
well imane lhat it might have grown out
of the tia sic ¡pccl'ectiori-, of the early read
ings of the spe^lter, and he might hive re-
ferred t) i* in tne ors' in wmch Ihe spnha
opima ivcre besto ved upon that galhnt R-
n an w^o was, as ihe vie or, ai <' dis'n gaished by
peculiar valor and prove-s, und r their ancient
ci stoms, en'it'ed to whit the} <Me< med the most
honorable íewrd For ¡ imsu'', he u ter'j rejected
t eimputations wrichW be - ca-t ou , and hede-
nied the pretended charge ¡is to spoi s, as being ap-
pl cabl-  to those with whrm he pcttd, to oe true to
any gieater extent, or m any other serse, ih n might
be ascribed 10 their opponents, and he would repeat
that he was p'ea«ed to hear the gentleman de-
nounce proscription, and he trusted lhat be
lie and his friends would abide by it.   As to the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOftfi.
question before ns for the election of a Printer, he
wouid say, if it was n^ht m eighteen hundred and
thirty five, whenf-eir opponents acted under the
existing regulation, and elected tneir friends as
Printers in advance, at the cióse oí one Congress,
for ihe next, it is equally right now, and with thi?
fact before him, and the usage of this bodv, be
should vote for the resolution.
Mr BENTON was happy to hear that gentlemen
opposite disavowed a spirit of prescription, but the
time was comins when action wai to fol ow word*.
He assured the Senate that the doctrine, "to the
victors belong the spoils," had never been known
in Missouri except by rumor, and that during the
administrations of General Jackson and Mr. Van
Buren, the best offices had been held by persons
who were in opposition to the Presidents under
whom they served, and who expressed their senti-
ments as freely as any body ehe The post office
of St. Louis was in the hards of a gentleman
belonging to the Opposition pany tor four
years under one of those Administrations, and
when his period of service expired instead of be-
ing turned out, he was pos lively reappointed.
Another held office e even years under General
Jackson and Mr Van Buren, at the expiration of
which time only was another person appoint-
ed, and he [Mr Benton] could assure honors
ble Senators that when he had bten applied to
respecting the removal of psrsons from office
by those who desired the appointments, his invari-
able reply, whether by letter or word of mouth,
was, ' show me rmscondu-t and then I will inter-
fere " There were several cases of re appoint
menls by General Jackson m Si Louis of persons
who weie apposed to him in pol tic> In one case the
incumbent died in his office, and ih-n a person of
different political principles was a^po nted He
could go on to give lnstanc after instance, but he
would mention but one An Oppisition genile-
man holding an appointment m lb  L.vnd Offic ,
wis found to be m default to ihe amount of a few
thousand dollars—he came to him (Mr. Benton)
and explained his position, and satisfied htm
ihat the money would be replaced promptly. He
(Mr. Benton) wrote to the Secietary to ex-
excuse the officer He was excused — the mo-
ney was put up, and he remained in his office
until his time was oat, and a gentleman of different
po itics was then put in, and occupied it for the four
years 'uccsding This was the way they had act-
ed. He denied that any officer had been rernoved,ex-
cept for c^use, and if honorable Senators would look
at the removal , hey would find as many on one
s de in polm s-, as the oiher. And he would also
say, lhat during the twelve 5 ears of Democratic
administration, in the S ate of Missouri there had
not been a dollar lo^-t by a disburser of the public
money to the Federal Government, and there had
been from twenty to thirty millions disbursed
there, nor was theie a set of officers that were
more entitled to the con^dence of ihe cruntry. He
spoke for his own Sta'c, alone—other gentlemen
could speak for thens, and as gentlemen had un-
dertaken to gain so much reputation 111 advance
for the mcomirg Administration, he could not con-
clude without saying, that the new Administration,
on this subject, had only to cooy after the old one;
and if they did not do it, <h-y should hear from
him from the place which he then rccupied
Mr NORVELL observed that the maxim, that
' to ihe viclors belonged the spoils of office," was
no maxim of his creation. It originated, years
ago, in the Eist,m Massachusetts It was quoted,
in ih s body, by a distinguished Senator from New
Yurtr, [Mr Marcy ] And, when annoanc d by
hin, it had been made the subject of buter vitupe-
ration ever sirce by the party to wh ch the honora-
ble Senator fnrn Sou h Carolina [Mr Preston]
belonged But, proflija'e as the maxim might
have been, that party hid adopted and carried it
out ¡n every quarter ih wmch lh«y had oMatned
power He beh-vei that the n w Federal Admi-
nistration ot this Government would follow the ex-
ample He had that day heard enough to satisfy
him of that fact If an hone=t, capable, and faith-
ful Democrat could be found, who had taken no part
in elections, such a man might be saved! This was
the principle announced to the Senate this morn-
ing. Why, sir, who that was worthy of office
would be left m office on this principle? Public
officers might, forsooth, entertain feelings and opi-
nions in their own hearts with impunity; but if
they breaihsd them to o'hers, tbey at once came
under the prescriptive principle laid down for the
new Administration' The "spoils of victory"
maxim was' merciful compared with this despotism
over the mmd, proposed as the rale of action for
the triumphant party coming into power. When,
in an under tone, he had, while the Senator
from South Carolina was upon the floor, said
that he "hoped so," he meant that he hoped that
the Senator wou'd ardiere to his promise, that he
would denounce the spoi s maxim here and here-
after, come from what quarter it might. We shall
see. The Senator bad alluded to the bill brought in
the session before ihe last by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden] to prevent office
holders from lnterf-nng in elections. He had said
that that bill contained the doctrine ef his party.
The honorable gentleman was mistaken. Upon
the final vote on that b 11, only five of his Whig
friends voted for it The t thers retired from the
vote Again, sir, for twelve years, that party had
been engaged m denunciations, loud and deep, of
the practice of appointing members of Congress to
office. And what have we seen even in anticipa-
tion of their possession of power? Several mem-
bers of Congress have already been announced as
Cabinet appointments determined upon, and others
rumored as probable appointments for diplomatic
stations' These things manifest the sincerity of
the professions of the party coming into power on
the subject
Mr. BUCHANAN 'aid that the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr Clay] first, and after him the Se-
nator from South Carolina, [Mr. Prrkston,] had
so clearly pointed out what would be the course
of ihe next Adn>> 1 a'ion m regard to removals
from office, that doubt or diffioul y on this question
could no longer embarrass the public mind This
distinct annunciation of Whig principles, proceed-
ing, as it did, from such commanding authority,
wou'd instantly re íeve the anxious minds of a
very largi? number of office holders According to
the avowal of the. two distinguished Senators, the
inquiries respecting eacn man now in office would
be, was he honest?—was he capable'—was he faith-
ful?—and had he abused his official trust in pro-
moting the re-election ef Mr. Van Buren? If his
past conduct had been such as would enable him
to endure the application of these several tests
without injun 1 then he would be retained. On the
oth r hand, if it should be established that any of-
ficer was either dishonest, or unfaithful, or incapa-
ble, < r had brought the influence of his office into
collision with the freedom of elections, we should
be very captions, indeed, if we were to complain
of his removal.
A suspicious man might, until this auspi-
cious day, have apprehended that an extensive
latitude would te taken in construing what was
meant by the abuse of office for e ectioneering pur-
poses, üU[ th8 Senator from South Carolina bad
also been clear and exp'icit upon this subject. He
had declared, in the strongest terms, that an office
h >kler, like all other ci izens, hpd a right to express
his opinion and to give his vote according to ihe
dictates of his own judgment, and it he had con-
fined himself to the exercise oflhe<e constitutional
pnveleges, he would be in no danger oí removal.
To use his own strong language, he had proclaimed
it to be a cardinal doctrine ot the Whig faith, that
proscripdm must ot proscribed
This liberal doctrine would save from proscrip-
tion all our foreign lamisteis and other diplomatic
agents who had been absent from the country dur-
ing the late struggle but he (Mr. B ) could hardly
expect so much generosity even ftom the Whigs.
Tbe^e were e sentially pobtcal offices, and we
could not complain if they sh uld be filled by ind -
viduals enj lying ih  entire confidence of the new
Administration He would not, therefore, hold his
friends on this- si ¡e of the House to such a strict
constrncuon of their^iwn principle as would pre-
vent them from making any changes in our diplo-
matic corps. There was, however, another nume-
rous class of foreign agents, (he referred to onr
