196
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
•visions of the bill; and concluded by saying that the
question of pensions for Revolutionary services
■was well understood by the country, and it was not
necessary to go into a history of the subject at the
present time. He therefore hoped the bill would
he passed without debate.
After some remarks by Messrs. HAND, STAN-
LY, and MORGAN,
Mr. PROFPIT moved that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House; but the motion was
not seconded.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to strike out the
first two sections, after the enacting clause, and
insert as follows:
"That the widows of such officers and soldiers
as have died since the passage of the act entitled
"An act granting half-pay an 1 pensions to certain
widows," approved July 7, 1838, or shall heresfter
die, and the widows of such ofheets and soldiers as
have died since the passage of the act of July 4,
1836, granting half-pay to widows or orphans in
certain cases, shall be entitled to pensions under
said acts respectively, they being otherwise entitled
thereto; and a second marriage shall be no bar to
granting a pension to any widow ot a Revolution-
ary officer or soldier, she being a widow at the time
of her application."
Mr. PECK submitted the following amendment:
"Strikeout, in section 1, last line, the words 'that
they now receive,' and insert 'to which they were
now entitled.'"
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
MONROE, TILLINGHAST. PETRIKIN, W.
THOMPSON, REED, and JONES of Virginia.
Mr. PICKENS protested against the passage of
tue bill, involving so great an amount of money,
without proper estimates. Where were the docu-
ments on whieh they were to found tleir legisla-
tion? He hoped the committee would not act on
such loose estimates. Could gentleman be aware
of the consequences which would arise from ihis
large system of pensions. Were they prepared at
this ¡ate period of ihc session to go blindfolded into
a measure, drawing upwards of two millions and
a half from the Treasury. For his part he would
not act upon so important a subject, without proper
and correct information.
In the course of his remarks, Mr. P. alluded to
the speech of Mr. Stanly on last evening, and inti-
mated that he, Mr. P. would have to excercise proper
caution, or he would have the misfortune to draw
down upon himselfj|the anger of that vindictive gen-
tleman. And for fear of falling under that gentle-
man's puny arm, he would refrain from ¡-aying
what he intended. Alluding to the attack
of Mr. Stanly on the resolutions of the Legislature
of South Carolina, Mr. P. intimated that the mem-
ber had shot his dreaded arrows at South Carolina
with about as much effect as the s-avage who let
fly his arrows at the sun. The member had blan-
dished his battle-axe like Richard, and strode over
fie whole country, dealing vengeance around. The
course of the member forcibly reminded him of the
nursery rhyme:
"Who shot cock robin?
I, said the sparrow,
With my bow and arrow,
I shot cock robin."
Mr. STANLY replied, and in the course of his
remarks, expressed his conviction ihat his ''pigmy
arm" was strong enoujh to kill a dozen such cock
robins as Mr. Pjokkns.
After some remarks by Mr. BRIGGS,
The question was tasen on agreeing to the
amendment submitted by Mr. Peck, and" decided
in the affirmative.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, after calling the attention
of the committee to the nature of the amendment
which he had submitted, gave way to
Mr. HAND, to propos . nn amendment viz: in
the eighth line, first section, after the words "alrea-
dy pensioned" the words "or that may hereafter
be pensioned;" and
The amendment was adopted.
,7V'. „ Y1?8 of Pennsylvania expressed him-
self briefly in favor of the bill.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to insert afier the
words such officers and soldiers," the words "of
the Revolution; "whichamendment was adopted.
The question was then taken, by tellers, on Mr.
Underwood's amendment, and decided in the ne-
gative—ayes 61, noes 89.
Mr. HOPKINS submitted the following amend-
ment, viz:
"Be it enacted, That the provisions of the act
approved 7th June, 1832, entitled "An act supple-
mentary to the act for the relief of certain surviving
officers and soldiers of the Revolution," be and the
same are hereby extended so as to embrace all those
officers and soldiers, spies, and rangers, who,
under one or more engagements, shall have served
for a term of three months or upwards in the wars
against the Indian tribes at any time previous to
the treaty of Greenville, in the year 1795; and on
application at the proper Department, and proof
thereof, they shall be entitled to have their names
placed on the pension roll."
Messrs. HOPKINS, HAND, JOHNSON of Vir-
ginia and HALL, severally addressed tue commit-
tee; and
The question on the amendment was put, and
negatived—ayes 43, noes 83
Mr. CRABB offered the following amendment;
which was adopted:
Sec. —. And be U junker enacted, That the act
entitled "An act directing the transfer of money
unclaimed by certain pensieners, and authonz ng
the payment of the same at the Treasury of the
United States," approved April 6, 1838, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. GRAVES submitted the following amend-
ment, which war, re-id, as follows:
Be it further enacted, That ihe widows and chil-
dren of officers of the array and navy of the United
States, who may hive died of wounds received in
the service of the country, but who raay have left
the service previously to their death, *haU be enti-
tled to ihe same pension as though they had been in
the service at the time of their death.
Mr. GRAVES briefly advocated the amendment,
and Mr. HAND opposed it.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and deeded in the negative.
Mr. GRAVES submitted another amendment, as
follows:
Be tí farther enacted, That Mary Barney, widow
of Commodore Birney, shall receive during her
life, the same pension which she has been in the
receipt of up to the discontinuance of her late pen-
sion.
The question was than taken, but no quorum
voting,
And it being now half past 2 o'elock,
The House took a recess until 4 o'clock, p. m.
Mr. EVANS, who was in the chair this morning
during the debate between Messrs. Pickens and
Stanly, on leave recapitulated the ciscumstanees
under which the debate took place, with a view of
correcting any misunderstanding between the par-
ties. He, Mr. E. had not called the gentleman
from South Carolina to order, because he un-
derstood him as referring to the arguments
of the gentleman from North Carolina, (Mr.
Stanly,) and as intending no personal application.
This the gentleman from South Carolina had of
course a right to do, as the arguments of every
gentleman were open to a'tack. But he, Mr, E.
believed that the gentleman from North Carolina
had m>'sconceived the objVctof the gentleman from
South Carolina, and appeared to have understood
the language as intended to apply personally, in-
stead ol to the argument.
Mr. E. then appealed to Mr. Pickens, whether
he had not taken a correct view of the case.
Mr. PICKENS on being thus appealed to, said,
in substance, that he had indulged in ridicule freely,
but within ihe limits of parliamentary usage, and
he had no hesitation in saying that the ridicule was
intended to apply solely to the arguments of the
gentleman.
On a similar appeal being made by Mr. EVANS
to Mr. Stanly, the latter observed, in substance,
that, at the time, he was disposed to think the strong
language of the gentleman from South Carolina
as something more than ridicule; but as the gentle-
man had disclaimed any personal allusion, he [Mr.
S.J was willing to take the remarks as they were
intended, and wished his language in reply to be
understood in like manner.
[Evening Session.]
After the recess—
The bill for extending the act granting pensions
to certain widows and orphans, bsing under consi-
deration in Commmittee of the Whole,
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Graves, and it was agreed to.
Mr. EASTMAN submitted a farther amend-
ment merely to prevent a misconception as to the
meaning of a portion of the bill, which amendment
was concurred in.
There being no farther amendments proposed,
the committee rose and reported the bill, as amend-
ed to the House.
And the question being on agreeing with the
several amendments by the Committee of the
Whole, was put and decided in the affirmative.
So the amendments were concunedin.
The bill as amended, was then ordered to.be en-
grossed for a third reading.
And the bill having been read a third time,
The question recurred upon its passage.
Mr. DROMGOOLE demanded the yeas and
nays, which were ordered, and being taken were as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Judsen Allen, Ander-
son, Andrews, Atherton, Baker, Beatty, Black-
well, Boardman, Briggs, Brockway, Burke, Car-
rol], Casey, Cninn, Chittenden, Clifford, William
R. Cooper, Cranston, Cushing, Davee, Edward
Davies, John Davis, Garrett Davis, Dickerson,
Doan, Doe, Earl, E-,stman, Edwards, Ely, Evans,
Everett, Fillmore, Fine, Floyd, Fornance, Gal-
braith, Gates, Gerry, Giddings, Goggin, Goode,
Granger, Graves, Hail, Hammond, Hand, John
Hastings, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Huffman,
Hunt, James, Keim, Kempshall, Kille, Lane,
Leadbetter, Led, Leonard, Lincoln, Lowell, Mc-
Carty, McClel!an,McClure, McCulloch.M.Mallory,
Mason, Medill, Monroe, Montanya, Moore, Nay-
lor, Newhard, Osborne, Palen, Parmenter, Parris,
Paynter, Peck, Randall, Rariden, Reed, Reynolds,
Ridgway, Edward Rogers, Russell, Sergeant,
Shaw, Simonton, John Smith, Truman Smith,
Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Strong, Stuart, John B.
Thompson, Tillinghasf, Toland, Trumbull, Van-
derpoel, David D. Wagener, Peter J. Wagner,
Wellar, John White, Wick, .Tared W- Williams,
Thomas W. Williams, Henry Williams, Joseph
L. Williams,  aad Christopher H. Williams__112.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, John W. Allen,
Banks, Beirne, Black, Brewster, Simpson H.
Butler, Connor, Mark A. Cooper, Crabb, Daw-
son, Deberry, Dromf-ook-, Fisher, Gentry, Haber-
sham, Hawkins, Holt, Hopkins, Hubbard, Jack-
sin, Jameson, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones,
Lucas, McKay, F. Mallory, Miller, Morrow, Nisbet,
Pickens, Rhett, Rives, James Rogers, Samuels,
Shepard, Stanly, Susnter, Taliaferro, Waddy
Thompson, Underwood, and Warren—42.
So the bill passed.
Mr. SMITH of Indiani asked the general con-
sent of the House to permit him to lay before the
Hoube a number of joint resolutions and memorials
which he had been tor a long time receiving from
his Legislature on a variety of subjects.
It was objected to by Mr. RUSSELL of New
York.
Mr. SMITH then moved to suspend the rnles
for leave, but was ruled out of order by the
Speaker.
On motion of Mr. JONES of Virginia, the
House then resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and resumed the
consideration of th3 bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for 1841.
The question pending was on the motion of Mr.
Stanly to sttike out the enacting clause of the
bill.
Mr. RHETT being entitled to the floor, spoke at
greit length.   His remarks will appear hereafter.
Mr. UNDERWOOD.next obtained the floor; but
gave way for a motion ihat the cornmittes rise;
which prevailed.
