CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
Tne SPEAKER then laid before the House the
following communications, viz.
I.   A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance wi'h a resolution of thfi
House, of the 19th nit statements showing a com-
parative view of the average cost of the army
proper, for each individual, taking the aggregate of
the officers, professors of the Military Academy,
cade's, and enlisted men in the fervice of the
United States for the year 1837, 183a, 1839, and
1840, for subsist'nee to sol liers, clothing, and
quartermasters and medical Stores, and other ar-
ticles embraced under ¡he general character of sup-
plies for the army not fixed by law, &c.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
II.  A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting in obedience to a resolution of the House
passed the 25th of May, 1840, reports of the Pay-
master General, Adjutant General, Commissary
General of Sub-i>tenie,and Quartermaster General,
together with documents in relation to the claims
of the Territory of Iowa for the expenses of a
portion of the militia of said Territory, called into
service during the autumn of 1839.
Referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
III.  A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting the annual report of the Colonel of Ord-
nance, with a statement showing the expenses of
the national armories, and of the arms, &a made
therein during the year ending Sept. 30, 1840.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
IV.  A letter from the Commissioner of Patents,
tsansmitimg, in obedience to die act "to promote
the useful aits," his annual report.
Referred to the Committee on Patents.
And then, at ten minutes past 7 o'clock,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Saturday, February 20, 1841.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted a report
from the Secretary of War, in compliance wuh a
resolution of the Senate of the 3d instant, in rela-
tion to the suspens'on of payments under treaty
with the Siockoiidge and Muni.ee Indians, which
was laid on the table, and ordtred to be printed.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented a memorial
of citizens of Morgan county, Alabama, praying
the passage of a general bankiupt law, which was
laid on the tab'e
Mr. YOUNG presentpd the petition of a number
of the citizens of Indiana, Illinois and Iowa, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route, which waj
reterred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the memorial of a
number of the citizens of Maine, praying the en-
actment of a bankrupt law, whioh was laid on the
table.
Mr. BENTON submitted the memorial of Susan
Dougherty, wi ich was referred to the Commi'tee on
Revolutionary Clain .
Mr. ANDERSON subrouuted the following reso-
lution, which wa< considered and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War communi-
cate to the Senate the number of claims filed before
the Board of Commissioners under the Cherokee
treaty of 1835, '6, tcr compen<at>on under said
treaty for reservations taken Dy the claimants or
their ancestors, under the Cherokee treaties of 1817
and 1819, the names cf the cla mants, and the
amount claimed for each re ervation, the numb >r
of reservoliaa claims allowed by the Board, the
amounts severally awarded, the aggregate thereof,
and the names of the claimants to wnom awarded;
the number of reservation claims rejected by the
Board; the amounts severally claimed, the aggre-
gate thereof, and the names of the claimant^. Also,
the number of reservations registered for under said
treaties of 1817 and 1819 That he also communi-
cate how much of the three hundred thousand dol-
lars appropriated under the third supplemental arti-
cle of the treaty of 1835, '6, for the satisfaction of
reservation claim-, has been applied to that object,
and how much of said fund remains unexpended,
whether, in his opinion, any, and what, reservation
or otbey claims rejected, by  the Board of Commis-
sioners are, from  the evidence on file, within the
equity of the provisions of the treaty of 1835, '6
Mr WRIGHT submitted the following motion;
which was considered and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of State inform the
Senate what progress has been made in fhecomple-
ifion of the census of 1840; whether the work, or
/any part (f it, has yet been placed in the bands of
Fine printer to  Congress, as required by the laws;
I and whether the printed abstracts may be expected
Mo be laid before Congress during its present ses-
sion.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;,
which were considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Har-
nsonville, south, to Charlottesville, on the south
side of Merndenne river, fifteen miles above the
Harmony mission, in the State of Missouri.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post lioads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of extending the mail route from Little
Osage along the western line of the State of Mis-
sion, so as to intersect the route terminating at
Clemmons's office in Jasper county, fifiy-five miles.
The following resolution, submitted some days
since by Mr Phelf", wasconsidered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform the Senate whether any money
has been paid from the Treasury of the United
S'ates to any person whose nam 3 n included m a
list of balances standing on the books of the Trea-
sury, which have remained unsettled by receivers
of public moneys more than three years prior to
ihs 30th September, 1839; and if any money has
been paid to aay such receivers, to whom, with the
amount and date of each pay men1, and, also, when
the sums constituting such balance *, agai'i .t any re-
ceiver were severally received by him, if there be
such information, and if not, when such balances
were report d against such receiveis upon the books
of that Department
Mr. NORVELL moved to take up the resolu-
.   tion rrlati.e to the admission of ladies to the privi-
leged seats on the fioor of the Senate, which was
laid on the table on Thursday.    The motion was
disagreed to—ayes 17, noes 26
On motion by Mr. NORVELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bi 1 authorizing the erection
of certain light-houses and light-boats, and the es-
tabhshment of certain buoys and biacon light , and
aftrr vatuus amendments had been .adopted, it was
oidered to be engrossed fur a third reading.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the Hou e bill further to con-
tinue in force tne act for the payment of horses and
other propeity Hst m the military service of tne
United States; and n was ordered to a third read-
ing, and then read a third time, and pas^ed.
The House bill to exiend for five ye^rs the act,
approved July 7, 1838, granliog half pay and pen-
sions to certain widows, was lead a first and second
time, andrefened to the Committee en Pensions
The bill to provide for the allowance of invalid
pensions to certain Cherokee wairiors, under thfl
provisions of the iourteenth article of the treaty of
1835, and
The bill for the relief of John McLeod; uere
severally considered as in committee of the whole,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
The House bill concerning navy pensions and
half piy, was taken up, ana after various amend-
ments had been adopted, it was, on motion of Mr.
WALKER, laid on the table for the present.
The Senate then, m pursuance to the ordsr of
jesterday, proceeded to the
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. MANGUM announced his intention of not
voting.
The ballots having been counted, the VICE
PRESIDENT announced the result as follows
For Blair and Rives,                                 26
F. P. Ela r,                                            1
So Blair and Rives were declared to be duly
elected Printers of the Senate for the 27th Con-
gress.
[Mr Nicholson (Dem ) and  Mr. Bates (Fed.)
were absent when lhe vote was taken ]
REPEAL OF THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
The resolution submitted by fl|r. Clay, of Ken-
tucky for the repeal of the Independent ^Treasury
law, with the amendment proposed by aIlbk, was
taken up, and Mr. CLAY addressed thfSenate in,
favor of its adoption.                   \      i
Mi. ALLEN, after a few remarks -fti explana-
tion of the motion he was about tij make, moved
to lay the whole subject on the table,M>at withdrew
it at the request of
Mr. CLAY, who briefly replied to Mr. Allen.
Mr. WILLIAMS and Mr. WALKER followed,
assigning their reasons for the votes they were about
to give
Mr. WILLIAMS said, that the jeas and nayg
having been ordered, and as the resolutions of his
State, which it bceame his duty to present to the
Senate a few days since, had reference to the ques-
tion to be voted upon, he deemed it his duty to say
something before recording the vote which he should
give.   The resolution now under consideration, in-
structs the Committee on Finance to bung in a bill
to repeal the act passed last year, called the Inde-
pendent Tieasury bill, and it will be recollected
that one of the resolutions passed by the Legisla-
ture of Maine, now in session, declares, "that the
act of Congress in relation to the collection, keep-
ing, and disbursing the public money, approved on
the 4th of July last, commonly denominated the
Independent, or Sub Tieasury act, was uncalled
for by the people, and is against the genius of our
free institutions, tending to substitute a metallic for
our present mixed currency, and ought forthwith
to be repealed," and another resolution is, "that the
honorable Reuel Williams, previous to his election
to the Senate of the United States, having declared
and published that it is the duty of the elected to
carry mto effect the will of his constituents, if he
is íastructed what that will is, or resign hts trust—
we, therefore, hereby instruct him that the forego-
ing resolutions express the will of his constituents."
Intending to obey the instructions of the Legisla-
ture, wren given as such, or resign his trust, Mr.
W. said the question was, whether or not the reso-
lutions of his State were instructions to him how
he should vote upon this oi any other of the sub-
jects named in the resolutions.   Some one should
be responsible to the people for every vote given by
a Senator upon this floor, and that responsibility
should not be uncertain, or the subject of contest be-
tween the   Senator   and   the   Legislature, if  it
should   happen   that   the   vote    should   prove
wrong   or    adverse   to   the    public   good.    A
Senator must be   held   responsible  to his con-
stituents and   to his country for  all votes may
give, ujless he can say and prove that he gives the
vote under the instructions of his Legislature, and
in such case the vote so given is, virtually, not his
vo'e, but the vote of the Legislature; jn which case
the responsibility attending it is up3h the Legisla-
ture, and they are responsible to the people for it,
and not the Senator.    In this view of the case,
Mr. W. said he could not regard the resolutions of
his Legislature as instructing him how to vote upon
this, or any of lhe suojects named in them, and he
was confirmed m this be íef that they were notsuch
instructions as would change the responsibility of
lhe votes he might give, from himself to the Legisla-
ture, by the opinion of those in whose judgment he
had great confidence.    If, said Mr. W. the Legis-
lature of his State  desired kim to vote for or
against a"y measure, it was only for them to say
so, in terms not liable to dispute or question, and
he would cbsy or resign.   He only wished the in-
structions to be in such language as would autho-
rize him to bay, now and hereafter, that the votes he
shou'd give under instructions, were the votes di-
rected by Us Legislature, and for which they, and not
he were responsible to their common masters.
Are the resolu'ions of the Legislature of Maine,
then to be regarded as such instructions as would
make the Legislature responsible to the people of
Maine for any consequences which may result
from the adoption of the various measures they
recommend? Did the majority of the Legislature
which passed the resolutions contemplate or in-
tend to assume any suc'f responsibility? He thoughi
