CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
190
U. contended it was the bounden duty of Govern-
ment to famish the people with sueh a currency as
could be used for ihe puipo es, of excnange, and
concluded his remarks (of which this is necessarily
but a brief sketch) by adverting to the subject of
the public lands
Mr. SERGEANT said he had a few words to
say on the question before the Chair, for it appear-
ed, according to the course of gentlemen, that the
good old-fashioned rule of speaking to the subject
before them wa? to be exploded.
Mr.  . then proceeded to reply to some of the ar-
guments of the last speaker in relation to a reduc-
tion of the number of members, etc.
Without concluding, Mr S. gave way to a mo-
tion that the committee rise; which motion, pre-
vailed.
So the committee rose, and reported progress
A motion was then made to adjourn until Mon-
day next
Mr JONES of Virginia demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered, and were—yeas 76,
nays 60
And, at twenty minutes to four o'clock, the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE
Mondat, February 22  1841.
Mr WHITE presented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of the State of Indiana in favor of
a distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, and m favor of supporting the Gene-
ral Government by duties on imports, and not by
direct taxation. The resolutions were read, laid on
the tab!e, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CIAY of Kentucky presented the memori-
al of citizens of East Tennessee, pravmg the impo-
sition of duty on foreign silks, and cf counter-
vailing duties; whicn was laid on the (able
Mr. YOUNG presented the memorial ol Levi
Owen, and others, of Illinois praying the opinion
of Congress as to the true meaning and construc-
tion of the Constitution,toucmng the right of property
in slaves, the right of the States to issue bills of
credit, and the power of Congress to create a Na-
tional Bank.
Mr. Y. vouched for the great respectability of
the memorialists, though their opinions mght,
to some, appear singular. The memorial was laid
on the tfble
Mr-CRITTENDEN presented a memorial of
Citizens of Pennsylvania, in favor of a general
bankrupt law, which was laid en the table.
Mr. PRENTiSS presented two memorials of ci-
tizens of the county of Ene, State of New York,
and the memorial of ctizens of the town of Al-x-
ander, in the same Stale, remonstrating against the
ratification and execution oí the late treaty with the
Seneca Indians, which were referred to ¡he Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. P. also presented the petition of John Pope;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr HENDERSON presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Mississippi, asking that a River
Land District may be established in that S'ate;
which were referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands
Mr. ROBINSON presented the petition of Joseph
Shoemaker; wh ch was refeircd to the Committee
on Pension*.
On motion by Mr KING, the Committee on
Commerce was di^chined fr< m the further consi-
deration of th  memor al of the Le?'S a ure oí Lou
ruana, respecting tie p'aeinsr of buoys at the mouths
of the Mississippi—a bill havitg been already
passed on this suhj«xt
BILLS PASSED.
The bill to authorize the Legislative Council of
the Territory of Iowa to increase the jurisdiction of
justices cf the peace in civil case*;
The bill to provide for running and makin? Ihe
northern boundary line of a tiaet of land reserved
for the half-breeds of the Ssc and Fox tribes cf In-
dians;
The bill gianting to the county of Johnson, in
the Teintory of Iowa, the right of pre-emption to
a tract of land for a seat of justice in said coun-
ty; and repealing the second section of ?.n act, ap-
proved ihe 31 day of March, 1839, entitled "An
act making a donation of land to ihe Territory of
Iowa, for the purpose of erecting public b Hidings
thereon;
The bill to provide for the allowance of invalid
pensions to certain Cherokee warriors, under the
provisions cf the iourteenth article of the treaty of
1835, and
The bill for the relief of John McLeod; were se-
verally read a third titre, and passe i.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked leave to introduce
a bill to prevent the interference ot certain federal
officers in elections, and explained ?nd advocated
the prrpnety of thr bill, c< ncluding with a wish
that a test vote might be made on eran ing leave.
He was followed in the deba e bv Me-srs NOR-
VELL, WRIGHT, CLAY of Kemutky, CAL-
HOUN, BUCHANAN, CUTHBERT, and PRES-
TON
At the close ef Mr. Preston's remarks much
noise was ms.de in one of the galleries by the
stamping of feet and clapping of hands
Mr. CLAY of Alabama demanded that the gal-
lery should be cleared.
Mr. ANDERSON also insisted that the gallery
should be cleared.
Several other Senators joined in the request.
Mr. CLAY- Spare the ladies—they have not
sinned    I hope in/ y may be suffered to remain
Mr. ANDERSON said the noise proceeded from
the eastern sallery; and he or his friends bad no
wish to di>turb the ladies.
The easlern gallery was then cleared; and
Mr. CALHOUK having made some remoiks on
the bill, the question was taken rn granting leave
to introduce it, and it was decided in the negative
—ayes 14, noes 26, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs. Batirá, Clay of R>ntuck',
Clayton, Crittenden, Gtah'm Henderson, Hun-
tington, Mangum, Murick, Plenties Preston,
Rives, Southard, and Tallmadge—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthb-rt,
Fulton, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton,
Nicholson, Norvell, Roane, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Wright, and
Young—26.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitted the follow-
ing letter to the Senate
"Wa-hingt-n, F.b 22, 1841
"Hon. R. M Johnson,
Vice President of the United S'ates-
"Sir- It is the object of this letter to m?ke known
to the Senate the resignation of my seat as one of
the Senators from Massachusetts, having already
informed the Executive of that Slate lhat from this
day my place would be vacant.
"In retiring from a situation in wh ch si con-
siderable a part of my life has b en parsed, I hope
I may be permuted lo exp ess my high respect for
the body of which I have been a memb-r, the inte-
rest I shall ever feel in the preservation of its cha-
racter and dignity, and my cordial wishes for the
health and happiness of all those with whom I have
been assooaiel.
' With much personal regard, I have the honor
to be Your obedient servant,
;                                     D   WEBSTER 
When the let er had been read,
Mr CUTHBERT and Mr. WRIGHT simulta-
neously rose, bui the former gentleman ob a-nna th 
fl or, expressed hiv regret mat the Senator from
Massachusetts was not present to exp am or retract
Cirtain opimtns heretofore expressed by him en a
subject of vital interest to the Southern sec'ion cf
the Union.
An antmatad debate followed, in which Messrs
CLAY of Kentucky, PRE3TON, CUTHBERT,
and RIVES, participi'el, and which was termi-
nated by a successful mi turn for adjournment
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENT \TIVE3.
Monday, February 22, 1841.
Mr. LANE moved a suspension of the rules for
the purpose of taking up the bill from the SeBate,
confirming to the Slate of Indiana certa n lands for
canal parpisev.
At the susgestion of Mr CLIFFORD,
Mr LAN E modified his motion so as to include
the bill making further prov sion for the expenses
of an exp'oration and survey of a portion of the
Northeastern boundary line.
Mr. JONES of Viigtnia, chairman of the Com-
mit'ee of Ways and Mean , expressed his willing-
ness that one hour should be devoted to these bills
after which time he should feel bound to insist on
the farther execution of the special order on the
general appropriation bill
NATIONAL DEFENCES
Mr WADDY THOMPSON, chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, (oár Lane having
gucn way for that purpose,) reponed a bill, in
comp'iance wda the instructions of ihe House,
making appropriations ror certain fortifications of-
the United States generally for the year 1841, and
for armament of fortificarons- also, for raising a
company of tappers, miners, and pontomers, and
appropnatng $500,000 for s'eam fhips of war.
The amount proposed by the bill to be appropriated
s #1 678,000.
The bill «as read a first and second time, and,
Ot mo'ion of Mr. THOMP ON, it was com-
m.tted to a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be punted.
The question was then t.iken on the motion to
suspend the rules; which was decided in the amr-
ma ive, and
The House resolved i self into a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union—Mr. Banks
m the chsir—and proc-tded to the consideration of
the bill enut'ed "An act to confrm to the State of
Indiana the land selected by her for that portion oí
the Wabash and Erie canal which lies between
the mouth of the Tippecanoe river and Terre Haute,
and fur other purposes."
INDIANA   CANAT    LANDS    AND   NORTHEASTERN
BOUNDARY OF Tilt; UNITED SrAlLfe
At the ltjstance of Mr. PROFFIT, the report of
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate on
on the mbject was read, and the bill was then laid
aside to be reported to the House.
The committee then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the "bill to make further provision for the
expenses of an exploration and survey of that
part of the Northeastern boundary line of the Uni-
ted States which separa'es the States of Mame and
New Hpmpi-hi'e from the British Provinces."
When this hilwasutckr ton'-ideiation on the
13ih instant, a n.otion was made by Mr UndsR-
wcod to amend n by striking out |75,000, the
? mount proposed to be appropr ated, and inserting
$37 500 Mr. PETKiinrc,on the «ame day, moved
to reduce the appropriation to $12,000.
Mr. PROFF1T said he believed he was entitled
to the floor when the bill was up before. Since
that time he had paid some attent on to the b.ll,
and was convinced flat the sum contemplated to
be appropriated was necessary for the purpose.
He, therefore, ¡houM withdraw Of position m every
shape, ana he wc uld vote for the bill. He had as-
certained that there were three lm s to be run m-
s ead of one
Mr. CLIFFORD expressed the hope* that he
might have the attention of the committee for a
few minutes, whde he made a brief explanation of
t^-e necessity of ¡he appropnation ?sked for in the
bill under consi -eratxn He be'ieved it would be
wholly unsafe to reduce the amount, and he could
not doubt 'hit all would concur wihbm when the
fac ¡, of the ca e were ful y understood. Before he
at emp ed to explain Ihe estimate, which had been
submitted by the rottunix&ioners, he defied to
make one or two remarks m. reference to the post-
lion which the State he in part rcpr rented, occu-
pi«i in ¡esard to this survey and exploiauon He
wished to remind tne commi'tee that neither the
peupl- nor treauthoufies of Mai chiveeveraiked
th s Government to i isti'uie i , and he did not
knowaiJt«ould beg irg tro t.rt say it was not
desired by his Stale a' the ti i.e it n. lust recom-
mended, or when that reiotnrnendaion revived
the sanctie n of Congies-,. At lhat time- ihe Execu-
tive ot Mame was messing upon thus Government
the performance of its constitutional obl'sauons to
protect the Siate against invasion from a foreign
