200
foe. If the wishes of the Slate had been consulted,
a military occupation of the territory m dis-
pute, under the authority of the United
States, in all probability would have re-
moved the necessity which may now be sup-
posed to exist, to take any, steps to counte-
ract the influence of the ex parte exploration of
British agents. But, sir, what answer did the ac-
tion of Congress instituting this survey give to the
authorities of Maine, as a reply to the demand to
repel the invaders from its soil' It amounts to this,
in my estimation: England is a great and haughty
power; if the request made should be immediately
granted, there is danger that the peaceful relations
between the two countries may be mierrupied; it
has become important to institute a counter survey,
to be made the basis of another effort (fruitless he
feared it would be) to convince Lord Palmerston
of the preposterous character of the British claim
This survey is not necessary to convince the people
of Maine of their rights; they understand them full
well, nor is it necessary to enable this Government
to judge of the rightful character of their claim un-
der the treaty of 1783. Every branch of this Govern-
ment, over and over again, and in the most solemn
manner, has admitted the right of the State to the
whole territory in dispute. No objection, however,
was made to the proposed survey, none will be by
any member from Mame, unless it should be con-
verted into an excuse for unreasonable delay in
removing the British trcops quartered upon the
sou, and within the jurisdiction of the State. Mr.
C. said, he did not desire any extravagance in this
erany other branch of the public service. All he
desired was, that the amount should be sufficient
to insure the completion of the work during the
next season. Negotiation is at a stand for the want
of the information expected from commission
Let the survey be compleeted—to that he would
not object. It ought to be made, but let it be well
and quickly done Last year's appropriation is
now exhausted, and but little, comparatively, ha?
been accomplished The commis ioners, in pur-
suance of that duty, have estimated the expense
to complete the survey, basting the calculation
upon the actual cost per mile of the last year's
work. It is said to be extravagant—doubtless gen-
tlemen think so—but does any one know,and can it
be demonstrated, that a less sum will be sufficient
to ensure the accomplishment of the object in
view, without unnecessary delay? He would ap-
peal to the committee if it is not more reasonable
to believe that if any considerable reduction should
be made from the estimates submitted, the ef-
fect of it will be to throw the whole maiter over
another year, and to invite an application
at the next session of Congress for anew apprc-
pnation. He thought so, and he feared such would
be the result. It is true the sum is large, but the
service to be performed is far greater than gentle-
men seem to suppose, and much more expensive
than an ordinary survey of courses and distance ,
the commissioners are required to make a barome-
trical survey to ascertain the altitude of all the prin-
cipal elevations on the different routes, and, as he
■supposed, their latitude and longitude There are
three lines to be explored,  ach extending through
a wilderness, or rather a dense forest, the distance
of two or three hundred miles. One of these lines
or routes, called the meridian line, extends from the
monument marked on the map, to the norlhwest
angle of Nova Scotia, and ihe other two extend
quite across the Stale from west to east, being the
true north line, and the one recently surveyed by
the British agents As every member of the com-
mittee must perceive, it requires three companies to
prosecute the work, and as he (Mr C ) understood,
of forty men to a company. The necejstty of so
large a force is easily explained, on account of the
distance from settlements, and the d fficulty of
transporting provision, and the necessary imple-
ments to prosecute the work Mr. C made some
further explanations as to the extraordinary cha-
racter of the report of Messrs Featnerstonaiijth
and Mudge, and concluded by remarking that, as
the members t n all side of the House informed bim
they weie ready to vote the whole amount asked
for, he would not pursue the subject at tins time
Mr. PETR1KIN said that any member of the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ly, each and every year hereafter to the Secretary of the Trea
sury, of «11 fees, emoluments, and leceipts, of every name and
nature whatever, by them respectively received by virtue of
their said offices, which account shall be rendered uyon oath or
affirmation and shall be in such form, and supported by such
proofs as the Secretary of the Treasury in his judgment may
prescribe for the purpose of enforcing the provisoes hereinafter
named, that is to say if it shall appear that the salaries, fees,
emoluments receipts and earnings of any of the said attorneys,
shall exceed the sum of——-dollars, then such attorneys shal
pay such excess into the Treasury of the United Slates for gene
ral purposes of the Government and if the salanes, fees, emolu
ments, or earnings, of any of said cleiks shall exceed ■------•
dollars, then the excess shall, in like manner, be paid into the
Treasury for the purposes afoiesaid and if the salaries earnings,
fees and emoluments of any of tha said marshals shall exceed
the sum of-------dollars then such excess shall also be paid
into the Treasury for purposes aforesaid '
Mr. CUSHING then obtained the floor, but
yielded it momentarily, for purpose  of explana-
tion, to
Messrs. STANLY, RHETT, and RIVES.
[These explanations had reference to some facts
stated by Mr. Stanly in his speech on Thursday
evening last ]
Mr RIVES requested the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to let him have Ihe floor for a few mo-
ments, to notice the charge of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr Stanly,] * that Abolitionists
were m the caucus that prepared the Atherton reso-
lutions "
Mr CTJSHING consented, and
Mr RIVES was about to proceed when
Mr THOMPSON of South Carolina and Mr.
PECK objected.
Mr. RIVES ¡misted that he had the floor, and as
the etatement of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr Stanly,] was in csnfliet with the ac-
count he had given during his canvass for Congress
two years ago, he hoped to have the attention of
the committee for a itw moments.
Mr R said he went mío that caucus, but not
with Abolitionists There was not any man in it
who \vi hed Congress to interfere with slavery He
would not go mio an examination &f the opinions
of the member from Ohio, [Mr Duncan ] but he
ielt it his duty to say here, what he had said at
horfe, "llutt ¡he gentleman from Ohio had no agency
in preparing the resolutions alluled to, nor was he m
the caucus'
Mr S TANLY insisted that he was, and that he
csuld prove it by respectable members of the party
to which Mr. R belonged
Mr RIVES «¡aid the gentleman'!, informant was
mistaken, that the same thing had been said, and
peihaps founded on the same evidence, in hi* dis-
trict, whico caused h'm to inquire into the matter
wuen ho came lo the last session of Congress, and
he had i.ot met with a man who had any recollec-
tion of seeing ..he member from Ohio in caucus,
ard that the member himself had authorized him
to say that he was not tfr'ie.
Mr CfJSHíNG then renewed the motion to
strike out ihe enacting clause, but after some re-
marks on the impropriety of attempting reform at
the present sess on, witbdtew it
The question then recurred on the molion of Mr.
Hunt to strike out the proviso in relation t  district
attorneys, marshal, &c (as above stated )
Mr HUÍ3T took tjeflooi, but yielded it for the
moment to
Mr THOMPSON of Mississippi, who desired to
submit an amendment, but, it not being m order
then to do so, he give notice tnat he would move it
at the proper time
Mr HUNT then addre sed the committee strictly
with reference to flip in mediate mot on submitted
by him—expla mug certain parttcu'ara in which
his former lema ks bad been misunderstood, and
expressing himself ready lo enttr upon a system of
retrenchment aid reform whenever ihe moment
arrived at which, from the composition of the
House, any efficient action could be had
Mr REED entered into a history of this matter,
and of the various efforts that h?d been made to
provide a remedy for what he considered an evil
which ought to be corrected. The fees were exor
bitant and shouM be reduced
Mr G DAVIS submitted the fo lowing amend-
ment to t^e amendment
' After the word dis'r cts in the 416th 1 ne insett 'shall ren
deran account quaiteryeaily each and every year heieafter, to
the bect°t,*ry of t ie fieasuiy, of all fees, commissions,and
other emoluments of evuy time and natme whatever accru
mg lo them,directly or lnUncctly, in consequence of any ser
committee had been challenged to show that the
appropriation asked for by this bill was not too
large. Now, Mr P. would state, that two distinct
lines were run between Texas and the United
States, and only $10,000 were appropriated for that
purpose. The distance was about three times
greater than that part of the Northeastern bounda
ry line of the United States which separates the
States of Maine and Hampshire from ihe Brit sh
Provinces Hesaid that the reason for this small ap-
pro pnation was obvious. Men had been taken from
the woods, and were acquainted with the country,
while, on the other hand, gentlemen had been taken
from colleges, who knew nothing.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was rejected.
And the question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was also rejected
On motion of Mr. JAMESON, the committee
then rose, and reported the bills to the House.
The question was then taken, Shall the bill to
confirm certain lands to the State of Indiana be
read a third time1* and passed in the affirmative.
The bill was read a third time, and the question
being put, Shall the bill pass?
It was passed in the affirmative.
The question was about being taken on engross-
ing, lor a third reading, the bill to make further pro-
vision for the expenses of an exploration and sur-
vey of a portion of the Northeastern boundary line,
when
Mr PETRtKIN moved that the words $75 000
in the third line be stricken out, and that $20,000 be
inserted in lieu thereof.
Mr. L WILLIAMS moved $,50,000
Mr. W B. CAMPBELL moved that $37,500
be inserted.
Mr STANLY moved the previous question,
which being seconded, was put and carried, and
The mam question was then put,
1   On s nking out $75,000 andinserlmg $50,000
2   On striking out $75,000 and inserting $37,500
2   On striking out $75,000, and inserting $20,000
All of which amendments  were severally re-
jected.
The bill wai then ordered to be engrossed, and
was read a third time.
And tne question was then stated, Shall the bill
pass? when
Mr PETRIK1N moved to re commit the b II to
a Select Committee, with instructions to mquirp
how many French cook";, pots of currant jelly, and
sweet meats, were required foi the commissioners
to conduct the survey
Pending which motion,
Mr SMITH of Maine moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, put, and carried and
The mam question was then put, ana passed n
the affirmative
Ho the bill was passed
STEAMBOAT EXPLOSIONS
Mr PETRIKINmqmredof the Speaker whether
there was not a special order for this day'
The SPEAKER replied that a special order—
the steamboat bills—had, on the 16ih instant, by a
vote of two-thirds, been further postponed until
this day
On motion of Mr JONES of Virginia, the spe-
cial udei was po tponed until Monday next, and
The House resol zed itself into a Committee of
ihe Whole on the slate of the Unios—Mr Bell
in the Chair—and leaned the consideration of the
CIVIL AND DIPLOVmO APPROPRIATION BILL
Tne questi m pending was the motion ot Mr
Stanly to sir ke out the enacting clause
Mr SERGEANT resumed his remark*, and
concluded at one o'clock
Mr STANLY then withdrew the motion to
st-ike out the enacting elaa e of the bill, Hating
that he did so at the earnest request of gentlemen
of both sides He had made the motion m the fVt
instance, in order that he might have an opportu-
nity o^makng his speech He was sah Bed, if
others were If other gentlemen desired to speak,
they could renew the motion
The question recurred on the motion of Mr
Hunt to strike out the f íllowina proviso
Pi ovtded, however, That the district attorneys of the United
States in and for ttie several districts, the clerks and marshals
tesf ec'ively of the same, shal. render an account luarter year
