202                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CRA1K said thai a similar proposition—to
reduce con'ingent salarie- —was, at ihe last session
of Congress, ru'ed out of ord r.
Mr UNDERWOOD inquired if the appeal was
debatable?
The CHAIR said he would not refuse to hear
any suggestions oa the suoject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then asked the Chair to
point to any particular rule whch prohibited .uch
amendm nts.
The CHAIR remarked tha* his decision was
bared upon the 50tn rule, which is as follow5.
"No motion or proposition on a subject different
from that under consideration shall be admitted un-
der color of amendment. No bill or rcsolut on
shall, at any time, be amended, by annexing there-
to, or incorporating therewith, any other bul or le-
solution pending belore the committee."
Several precedents were then read m support of
the decision of the Chair
Mr. CASEY asked Mr Johnson to withdraw his
appeal.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he had some impor-
tant amendments to offer to the bill under conside-
ration, and that if the decision of the Chair should
be sustained, they would be cut off He believed,
however, that there was nothing m the rule-, of the
House which would prevent his amendments from
being offered Mr U. contended that he had un'-
formly seen the rules of the House bent to the cir-
cumstance* of the times, and proceeded, at some
length, to contrast the decision oí the Chair with
the provisions on the statute book, but, without
concluding, gave way for a motion that the com-
mittee rise, which prevailed—?nd
The committee then rosi, repoited progress, a.\á
asked leave to sit again.
Mr. GALBRAITH submitted the following re-
solution-
Resolved, Thit from and after one o'clock to mor-
row, all debate in Ct mmiitee ol the Whole on
House bill No 601 (the general appropriation bill)
shall cease; and after said period, the committee
shall proceed to vote on any amendments that may
be offered thereto, and report the same to the
House
Mr G moved a suspension of the rule', for the
purpose of considering the resolution at this time.
But, pending the motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, Febiuary 23, 1841
Mr. ANDERSON presented the petition of Sa-
muel Martin, submitting a pian for a National
Bank.
Mr BUCHANAN said that in l&36he had pre-
sented the documents of Charles F Sibbald, asking
indemnity for property destroyed by the United
States. These documents were now on file, and
he asked that they might be again re eried to the
Committee on Claims, which was agreed to
Mr. PRENTISS piesented the memorial of citi-
zens ofChatauque county, and citizens of the towns
of Collins and Brana, in the State of New York,
rernonstratirg against the removal of that portion
of the Seneca nation who refused their assent to
th* treat), which sere severally ordered to be laid
on the table and puntfd
Mr. LINN presented the petition of J Epes
Cowan, prajing the confirmation oí his title to a
tract ol land,  h ch was reterrcd to the Commit
tee on Private Land Claims
pfr WHITi-presented the petition cf a num-
ber ot 1'ieci izens of the States of Indiana, Illinois,
and Iowa, praying ihe establishment of a mail
route, which was referred to tht. Committee on the
Pust Offce and Pet Roads
Mr KiNG pre'emec1 ihe peimon cf a number of
the citizens of Martngo county, Alabama, prajmg
the enao ment of a bankrupt law; which was laid
on the table
M<. SOUTHARD prevented the memorial of citi-
zens of Princeton, New Jersey, in favor of a bank-
rupt law, which wa laid on the tab e, and ordered
to be printf d
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion.
ResoheJ, That there be paid, out of the contin-
gent tund of the Senate, to e\ch of the messengers
of the Senate and office of the Secretary of the
Senate, three dollars per day der annum, and to
the assistant messenger of the office of Secretary of
the Senate, and laborers of ihe Senate, two dollars
per day per annum, in lieu of all other allowances
whatever.
Mr. KING- thought the system proposed by the
resolution was much better than the one at preient
pursued, but, that it might have prt per considera-
tion, he hoped it would be i-ft-rred to the Commit-
tee on the Contingent Expenses of the Senate; which
was agreed to.
Mr. BUCHANAN asked ihe unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce
A bill to amend the act entttled "An act to
amend the act approved May 13, 1800, entitled
'An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to esta-
blish the judicial courts of the Un ted S ates "
Leave was granted, and the bill was read twice,
and referred to ihe Committee on the Judiciary
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affair*, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of James McDo
nald; which was agierd to.
Mr CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee
on the Public Lands, to which was referred the bill
to continue in iorce the first section of an act en-
titled "An act to extend the time for locating Vir-
ginia military land warrants, and returning surveys
thereon, to the General Land Office, approved Ju-
ly 7 1838 "
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Pi-
nance, made an adverse report on the petition tí
David Green, wh ch was ordered to be printed
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the
Pob'ic Buildings, to which was referred the peti-
tion of a number of ihe s'onecutters employed on
the new Treasury building, reported a bill for their
relief, which was read, and ordered 10 a sjcond
reading.
GENERAL ORDERS.
The following bills were taken up, and consi-
dered as in committee of the whole, and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading:
The bill for the relief of certain railroad compa-
res therein named.
The bill to authorize the issue of patents to cer-
tain entries of the public lands.
The bill for the relief of the legal represenatives
of John Scott.
The bill explana'ory of an act srnplemen'al to
an act entitled "An act to grant pre-emption right1?
to settlers oa ihe public lanut," approved June 22,
1838
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Henry Eckford, deceased.
Trie bill for ihe re!i f of Samuel Crapm.
The bill in favor of Mary Snow.
The bill from the Hou*e making fnrth'r provi-
sions for the expenses of tne exploration and sur-
vey of the boundary line between Maine and New
Hampshire, and the British Provinces, was taken
up on its first reading.
Mr WILLIAMS explained the objects of the
bill, and hoped that the Senate would unanimously
agree to consider it at the present time, without re-
ferring it to a committee
No objection being made, the b 11 was considered
as in committee of the whole, «ect through its va-
rious stipes, finally passed, and wants but the sig-
nature of the President to be-ome a law
BANKS OF THE DISTRICT.
On mot on by Mr MERRICK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill to revwe and coitmue
tie torporate ex stence ot the banks of Ihe Distnct
of Colurrbn, and afler a debite, m which Me.j-.rb.
CLAY of Alabama, WRIGHT, MERRICK,
BENTON, ard TAPPAN, participated, ,-rnJ the
adoption of am<=nJraents pr p sed by Messrb
CL AY of Alaban  * and WRIGHT, ihe bill as-
sumrd ihe following shape
A BILL to leuve and continue the corporate existence of the
banksm Ihe Dw net oí ( olumbii
Be it enacted by th* Senate r r>d Houaeof lir-preientatiies
of ike United States of America in Confess assembled, That
the chaiteisol the Tarineis, anl Mechanics Bank of Geoige
town the Bank of Metropolis, Patriotic Bank ol Washington,
and Bank oí* Washington, in the city of Washington, and the
Farmers Bank of Alexandria, and Bank of Potomac in the town
of Alexandria, be, and the same aie hereby, revived as they
existed on the third day of July last, and extended to the fourth
day of March, eighteen hundred and forty three
Provided The said banks shall each lor itself redeem all its
notes and specie liabilities m specie when demanded from and
after the passage of this act and thioughout the whole period
for which the said several chatters are heiebv extended And
in the event that any ooe oi rnote of said banks shall decline to
meet its liabilities m specie as aforesaid, or having commenced
to pays, ecie, shall, hereafter, during thepenodaloresaid cease
or tail to do so, any bank so declining, ceasing, or failing to
pay m specie, shall, ipso facto, forfeit its chaiter, andshall pro.
ceed to wind up its concei..s tinder the provisions of the law
pao ed on the 3d of July, 1840, entitled "An act to continue the
corporate existence of certain banks in the District ol Columbia
for certain purpose"," which said act is hereby madeapphca-
b le in all its provisions to every of said banks failing as afore-
sa.d, foi the period of two years from the date of any such
falliré or neglect to pay m specie And any attempt by the
officers of any of said banks so as above said forfeiting lis char
ter, after any &uch foifeiture, to exercise any of the banking pri-
vileges conferred by this act, shall subject such officers to all the
penalties of illegal banking
vbo 2 And be itj a ther enacted, That neither of the said
hanks shall, by virtue of any thing in this act contained, be autho-
rized to isaue 01 pay out any note, bill, check, or draft of any
bank com[ any, mcorpoiation, association, or individual, which
said note, bill, check or diaft, shall not be payable and paid on
demand in specie at the place where it is made payable, and
any violation of this restrictio i shall be, ipse facto, aforfei-
tuie of all the rights poweis and puvileges con erred by this
act in the mannei specified in the flibt section thereof as toa
failure of specie payments
Provided, That nothing contained in this section shall pro
hibit either of said banks irom icceiving the paper of any non-
specie paying bank ot special deposue, and returning the same
to the depositor
Mr TAPPAN then offered a substitute for the
whole bill, s-nd spoke at great length in opposition
to the present banking system; and without con-
cluding his remarks, yielded to a motion to post-
pone its further consideration until to-morrow.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive businesj.
And then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 23, 1841.
The SPEAKER stated the first business before
the Hous^ to be the motion of Mr Galbiaith to
suspend the rules to enable him to offer the follow-
ing resolution, and pending which motion last night
the House had adjourned, viz:
Resolved, That from and after one o'clock to-
morrow, all debate in Committee of the Whole on
House bill No 601 shall cease, and after said pe-
riod the committee shall proceed to vote on any
amendments that may be offered thereto, aad re-
port the same to the House.
Mr. GALBRAITH then modified his resolution,
at the suggestion of a number of friendo, so a* to
read "four o'clock this r'ay "
Mr FILLMORE suggested to Mr. Galbiaith
to d,-lay the lime one hoarlongrr, so that the bill
■n relation to taking testimony in ca5es of contested
elections might be taken up.
Mr RIVES concurred m the suggestion of the
ge itleman irom New York. The matter was im-
portant, and he understood that it was probable
several cases of contested election would be brought
before Ihe nfXt Congress.
At the suggestion of Mr. FILLMORE,
Mr GALBRAITH further modified his resolu-
tion by subsiitutmg "five o'Jock this day "
The question was then  taken  on the  motion to
suspend  the rules, and  decided in  the  affirma-     I
tive.
The resolution, as amended, was again read.
Mr GALBRAITH moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, put, and carried.
Tne question now recuring on the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr PECK called for the yeas and nays, but they
viere nit ordered
The resolution was then adopted
Ai d so the debate on the bill making appropria-
tions for the support of Government loi ths year
1841  wi I cease this diy at 5 o'clock
UML ATVD DIPIOUAIIC  APPROPRIATION BILL
On mo'io i ot M' JON E3 ot Virgin ¡a, ill* House
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
sta'e of th  Union, (Mr Bell in the chair,) and
resumed the eonsiderauon of the bill making ap-
propria ion for the civil and dip'omaiie expenda of
the Government fir ihe year 1841.
Th> ¡.ending question was on the appeal taken
by Mr. Cavo. Joh-js<n froxi the deois'on of the
Chair last evening, that the fjllowmg amend-
ment offered by the gentleman was nu in order,
on the ground, first, that the subject was entirely
