CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC AIU'EOPRIATION BILL,
Was then pending.
The question was then taken on seconding: the
motion of Mr. Wise, and resulted : Ayes 75—
noes 21.
But no quorum voting,
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved a call of the House,
and thereupon called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and resulted : Yeas 106—nays 42.
So a call of the House was ordered.
The Clerk was proceeding in the csll, when
Mr. MORGAN moved that all further proceed-
ings therein be disp< nsed with; and on that motion,
Mr. ANDERSON cal ed for the yeas and nay?,
but
Mr. MORGAN having withdrawn his motion,
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The Clerk resumed the call.
Mr. EVANS moved that all further proceedings
therein be dispensed wi h, on which motion,
Mr. ANDREWS called for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered.
The call bavin  been concluded, the names of
the absentees \tere then called; and it appeared
that 189 members answered to their names
Tne names of the absentees were about being
again called, when,
On motion of Mr. CLIFFORD, all further pro-
ceedings in the call were dispensed with
The motion for the previous question was se-
conded, and the mam question ordeied to be put.
The question now rtcur ed on agreeing to the
amendments to the general appropriation bill,
adopted in the Committee ot   the Whole.
Several of the amendments were then agreed to
seriafim.
The question was then taken on the amendment
appropriating §30,000 for the repair of the Poto-
mac Bndge, and decided in the affirmative—yeas
115, nays 75.
On the* proviso relating to the reduction of the
fees and emoluments of United Spates D.s'ret At-
tormes, Marsballs, etc as amended by Messrs. Ja-
cob Thompson and Cave John" on,
Mr. GRANGER called for a division of the
question.
And the SPEAKER decided that it was divi-
sible
Mr. WISE appealed from five decision, but on
the question being taken, the decision of the Speak-
er was affirmed.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays
on the first branch, b*mg the amendment of Mr.
Jacob Thompson,of Mi«sissippr
"That hereafter, in lieu of all fees, emoluments, andiereipts
now allowed, it shall and may be lawful for the United S atea
clerks, attorneys, tounsel and marshal, in the district and cir
cult couitsol the United Slates in the «ev eral Siates, todemand
and receive the °ame fees that now are, oi hereaiter may be,
allowed by thelawa of the said tetate  lespectively wheie «aid
court* are he'd, to the clerks attorneys, ar d oounst!, and she
riffs, in the highest courts ot the said States in which like sei
vices are rendeied and no othei fees oi emoluments except
that the marshals shall receive in full, foi summoning all the
jurors for any one coart, thiuy dolíais and shall lecuve, foi
eveiy day's actual attendance at any coui!, five dolíais Ler day,
and loi any services, including the compensation 1 r m lea^e,
performed by said officers in the discharge 01 then ollieia! dutv,
for which no compensation is provided by the laws of said
states, respectively, the said officers may receive such fees as
are now allowed by law i< cordine to the existing usase and
practiceof said courts.of die United States, and evei) district
attorney, except the district attorney of the bouthun district
of New York, shall receive, in addition to the above fees, a sa
lary of two hundred dollars per annum "
And resulted a  follows:
YEAS—Messr*. Alford, Judson Allen, Ander-
son, Andrews, Atherton, Banks, Baker, Beany,
Beirne, Bell, Blackwel', Boardman, Bojd, Biew-
ster, Brisgs, Aaron V. Brown, Albert G Brown,
Burke, Sampson H Butler, William O Ballei,
William B. Campbell, Carr, Cas*.}, Chapman,
Chmn, Chittenden, Clark, Clifford, Coles, C mnor,
Mark A C ioper, William R Cooper, Crabb,
Crary, Crockett, Cross, Curtis, Cu?hmg Edward
Davies, John Davis, John W. Davis, brarrttt D¿-
vis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Dickerson, Del
let, Doan, Doe, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, East-
man, Edwards, Everett, Fillmore, Fisher, Floyd,
Fornance, Galbrauh, Garland, Gates, Gentry,
Gerry, Goggm, Graham, Giasger, Grave--, Green,
Griffin, Gnnnell, Habersham, Hammond, Hanj,
William S. Hastings, John Hastings, Hawes,
Hawkins, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman,
Holmes, Hopkins, Hunt, Jackson, Chalíes John-
ston, Joseph Johnson, William Cost Johnson, Na-
thaniel Jones,, John W. Janes, Keim, Kemble,
Kempshall, Kille, King, Lane, Leadbetter, Leet,
Leonard, Lewis, Lincoln, Lowell, Lucas, Mc-
Carty, McClellan, McCnlloch, McKay, Meredith
Mallory, Francis Mallory, Marvin, Mason, Me-
diil, Mitchell, Monroe, Montanya, Montgomery,
Moore,' Morgan, Samuel W Morris, Morrow,
Newhard, Nisbet, Osborne, Parmenler, Parrs,
Paynter, Peck, Pickens, Prentiss, ProfRt, Ran-
dolph, Rayner, Reed, Reynolds, Ridgway, Ed-
ward Rogers, Russell, Samuels, Sergeant, Shaw,
Stiepard, Simonton, John Smith, Truman Smiih,
Thomas Smith, Stanly, Starkweather, S eenrod,
Strong, Stuart, Sumter, Sweney, Taliaferro, Philip
F. Tnomas, Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
John B. Thompson, Tillinghast, Trumbull, Tur-
nev, Underwood, Vanderpoel, David D Wagener,
Peter J. Wagner, Warren, Weller, Edward D.
White, John White, Wick, Jared W. Williams,
Thomas W. Williams, Henry Williams, Lewis
Williams, Joseoh L. Wiihims, Wmthrop, and
Wise—176
NAYS—Mes-rs. John W Allen, Barnard,
Calhoun, Cranston, Evans, Goode, James, Jame-
son, Mil'er, Calvary Moms, Randall, Saltons'all,
Albert Smith, Toland, and Christopher H. Wil-
liams—16.
So this blanch of the proviso was concurred in
The question then recun pg on agr¿emg to ihe
second branch, being the amendment of Mr Cave
Johnson, viz:
Pronded, That the fees and emoluments returned hy the (lis
tnct attorneys, marshals, and clerks, shall m no cas,, exceed
for thedisfnct attorneys ormars iais, or eitherof them, tn° sum
of six thousand dolíais, and those for each ol the clerks shall not
exceed m any case loui thousand five bundled doilirs—ihe
surplus of fees and emoluments ti be , ai 1 into the publif freí
suiy, under such rules and leguiitiot as may In pn seabed
by theSecietity of the Tiea^ury, subj,ct to the disposition of
Congress
And it was decided in the affirmative, by yeas
and raj > as follows
YEAS—Messrs Alford, Judión Allen, Ander-
son, Andrews, Atherton, BanKs, Baler, Bea ty,
Beirne, B'ackwell, Boardman, Boyd, B'ewster,
Brigg , Aaron V. Brown, Burke, Sampson H
Butler, William O Bu'ler, Calnoum, William B
Campbell, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clif-
ford, Col s, Connor, Mark A Cooper, William R
Cooper, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett, Cross, Edward
Davies, John Davis-, John W. Davis, Garrett Da-
vis, Deberry, Denni , Di^kersoí1, D. llet, Doan,
Droir-goo'e, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Fisher, Floyd,
Fornance, Galbraifh, Girland, Gtrry, Giddmgs,
Goggm, Goode, Graham, Green, GaiBn, Hard,
John Hastings, Hawes, Hawkms, ilemv, Hill of
Virgin-a, Hoimei, Hopkins, J->,ck rn, Jameson.,
Charles Johns'on, Joseph J^hn'on, Nat J< nes,
John W Jones Keim, Kille, Lane, Le dbetter,
Leet, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McCelian, McCul-
loch, McKay, Mered th Mallory, Frai,cis Ma'l ry,
Mason, M dill, Miller, Montanya, Mm'gorie'y,
Naylor, Newhard, Osb <ac, Pairsh, Paimenter,
Parns, Payn er, P cketis, Prentiss, Rejnc-Id^,
Rives, Ed*a'd Rogers, Rifli, Samuels, Shaw,
Snepaid, Simonti n, John Smith, T'lns, Sm ih,
Stanly, Stark «earner, Sttctrou, Strorg, Stuü t,
Sumter, Sweanngtn, Sweney, Fahafer o Philip
F. Thomas, Jacob Tn mpsr>n, J<hi B Tnomp
son, Tillinghast, Trumbu'l, Turney, Underwood,
Vsnd rpoel, Vroom, David D Wagcnei, Peter J
Wagner, Weller, J. Whi <•, Wick Jir d W Wil-
liams, Henry Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph
L Williams, Christopher II WiH an •>, and Wi'e
—138.
NAYS—Messr*. John W Allen, Bernard,
Bell, Brockway, Alb'rt G. Bio*n, John Camp-
bell, Chinn, Chi tenden, Ciatlr, Curtis, C 'shing,
Daw on, Elwards, Evins Evceti, Fillmore, Gen-
try, Ganger, Gru nell H?bersham, Hammond,
William S Ha nrgs, Hunt, James, Vvm Cost
Johnson, Kemble, Kcmrsliall, Kirg, Leonard,
Lir coin, Marvin, lViich'1!, Monrce, Moor , Mor-
gan, Morrow, Ni'bei, Pick, Randolph, R.^yner,
Ridgway, Russdl, Saitonstall, Sergeant, Slade,
Alhert Smilh, Truman St. ih, Waady Th >r ps n,
To'and, Warren, Ed vard D Whit , Thomas W
Williams, and W n'hrop—53
So tne proviso, as amended, was agteed to.
On the amendment "for the payment of ar- |
rearages for completing the custom house at New
York, $34,321 21," the yeas and nays were de-
manded by Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, and being or-
dered, were taken, and resulted as follows:
YEÍIS—Messrs Judson Allen, Jobn W. Altai,
Baker, Bell, Boardman, Brewster, Aaron V.
Brown, Albert G. Brown, William O. Butler, Cal-
houn, John Campbell, Casey, Chmn, Chittenden,
Clark, Cranston, Curus, Cúsame, Edward Davies,
John Davis, Gariet Davis, Dawson, Deberry,
Dennis, Doe, Earl, Evans,Everett,Fillmore, Floyd,
Fornance, Galbrauh, Gentry, Grange', Graves,
Green, Gnnnell, W. S Hastings, Hawes, Henry,
Holmes, Hunt, Jackson, Charles Johnston, Joseph
Johnson, Nath. Jones, Kemble, Kempshall, King,
Lane, Lincoln, McCarty, Meredith Mallory, Mar-
vin, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, Montanya, Moore,
Morgan, Samuel W Morns, Morrow, Newhard,
Osborne, Parmenter, Paynter, Proffit, Randall,
Randolph, Rariden, Reed, Ridgway, Edward
Rogers, Russell, Saitonstall, Sergeant, Truman
Smith, Siaart, John B. Thompson, Tillinghast,
ToUnd, Trumbull, Vanderpoel, EdwardD. White,
John White, Thomas W. Williams, Joseph JL
Wdhams, Christopher H. Williams, and Win-
throp—89
N\YS—Messrs. Alford, Andiews, Atherton,
Beatty, Beirne, Blackwe'l, Boyd, Burke, Sampson
H. B ¡tier, W. B. Campbell, Carr, Carroll, Chap-
man, Clifford, Coles, Connor, Mark A. Cooper,
Win R. Cooper, Crabb, Ciary, Crockett, John
W. Davis, Dellet, Doan, Dromgoole, Duncan,
Eastman, Fisher, Garland, Gerry, Goggm, Goode,
Graham, G íílm, Hammond, John Hastings, Haw-
kins, Hill of Virginia, Hill of North Carolina,
Jameson, J. W Jones, Kille, Leet, Leonard, Lewis,
Lowell, Lucas, McClelUn, McCulloch, McKay,
Fiancis Mall ry, Medill, Miller, Montgomery,
Nisbet, Parnsh, Parns, Reynolds, Rives, Ryall,
Samuels, Shaw, Simonton, John Smith, Thomas
Smi h, Stanly, Starkweather, Sieenrod, Strong,
Sum er, Sw-canngen, Taliaferro, P F Thomas,
Wactdy Thompson, J^cob Thompson, Underwood,
Vroom, David D. Wagener, Wanen, Weller,
Wick, Jar d W. Williams, Henry Williams,
Lewis Williams, and Wise—88.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Tha yeas and nays were aLo taken on agreeing
to the fallowing amendment:
"For furniture for the custom house, New York,
$8,000 "
And tbe «mcndiaent was rejected, as follows:
YiiAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, John W. Allen,
Baker, Btl', Boardman, Brrwstei, Brockway, John
Cair-itbel1, C«irol), Ch nn, Chit'enden, Clark, Wil-
liam R Cooper, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cash-
ing, Qarett Da-ns, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis,
Diclserson Die, Ea.il, Evans, Everett, Fillm >re,
Graves, Gree i, Giinne'l, Habers'iam, William S.
Haslmg-, Holme-, Hunt, Jackson, James, Ghsrles
Johnston, Nathaniel Jores, Kemble, Kempshall,
K ng, Leonard, L ncoln, McCartv, Mt-reJun Mal-
lory, \Xarvm, Mason, Mi.chcl', Monroe, Morgan,
O-borne, Pa'en, Ptck, Pick'ns, Randa 1 Randolph,
Reíd, Ridgway, Edward R >gers, Ru=sell, Saiton-
stall Sergeant, A'beit Sin tb, Triiinan Smith, S*u-
ar , TiUiDshcS', Ttland, TrunbnH, Vanderpoel,
Peer J Warner, E'ward D White, John White,
Thomas W William', Joseph L. Williams, and
Win hrop—75
NAYS—Messrs Altord, Anderson, Andrews-,
At e ton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Blackwell, Boyd,
Albeit G B'o ti, Burke, Samp on H. Butler, Wil-
liam O Bmler, William 8 Campbell, Carr, Ca-
<ey, Chapman, ClifToid, Coles, Connor, Mark A.
Coopci, Crabo, Eiwai 1 Dave*, John Davis, John
W Davis, Dellet, Doan, DromgooJe, Demean,
Ea-tmin F her, Flojd, Fn'mme, Galbraith,
Gent'y, Geiry, Gi ggin, Goode, Grahpm, Gnffin,
Hair-nond, H.-.Mes, IIi'l of Vnginn, Hill rf North
Carol pa, Hop fin-, Jdmeson, J iseph Johnson,
John W Jones, Keim, Kille, Lane, Leidbetter,
Leet, L'w is, Lowe 1, Lucas McCledan, McCul-
lo<h, McKay, Francis Mallory, Medill, Miller,
Samuel W. Morris, Csha'y Moim, Newhard,
i Nisbef, P rnsh, Parrs, Payn'er,Prcnti s,Rariden,
Reynolds, Rives, Rjall, S imnels, Shaii, Simonton,
| John Smith, Thomas Smith, Stanly, Starkweather,
[ Steenrod, Stroisg, Sumter, Swearmgen, Taliaferro,
