üoé
CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
Phtlip F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Turney, Underwood, Vroom, Warren,
Welter, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Wil-
liams, Lewis William?, Christopher H. Williams,
and Wise—100.
The question was then taken on the following
anendment, viz:
"For furniture for the President's House, of
American manufacture, so far as may be practica-
ble and expedient, to be expended under the direc
tion of the President, in addition to the ayails of
the sa'es of decayed furniture, the sum of
#6,000;"
And decided in the affirmative—yeas 90 nays
86, as follow*:
YEAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, John W. Allen,
Bell, Boardman, Bfockway, Sampson H. Butler,
Calhoun, Carroll, Chinn, Chitienden, Ciaik, Cran-
stou, Cross, Edward Davies, Gairett Davis, Daw-
son, Deberry, Dennis, Dickerson, Dellet, Dor,
Earl, Evans, Everett, IJillmore, Fi*her, Galbraith,
Gentry, Giddings, Gr-nger, Giaves, Gnnnell, Ha-
bersham, Hammond, Wm. S •Hastings, John
Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Hill of Virginia,
Holmes, James, Chas. Johnston, Kemble, Kemp-
shall, King, Leadbetter, Leonard, Lincoln, McCar-
ty, Merednh Mallory, Marvin, Mason, Monroe,
Moore, Morrow, Naylor, Nisber, Osborne, Parmen-
ter, Peck, Pickens Randall, Randen, Rayner,Reed,
Ridgway, Rives, Edward Rogers, Russell, Salton-
stall, Sergeant, Simonton, Alb rt Smilh, Truman
Smith, Stanly, S uart, Sumter, Philip F. Thomas
Waddy Thompson, Tillmgha^t, Toland, Trumbull,
Underwood, Feier J Waener, Warren, Edward
D. White, John While, Wick, Thomas W. Wil-
liams, and Winthrop—90.
NAYS—Messi . mroiu, «.naerson, Andrew*,
Atherton, Bank , Beatty, Beirne, Boyd, Brewster,
Aaron V.Brown, Burke, W. O. Butler,W B. Camp-
bell, Carr, Casey, Chapman, Chiford, Coles, Con-
nor, Mark A. Cooper, Wm R. Cooper, C'abb,
Crary, John Davis, John W, Dan , Doan, Drom-
goole, Duncan, Eastman, Floyd, Garland, Gerry,
Goggtn, Gocde, Graham, Gieen, Griffin, Hand,
Hawkins, Hopkins, Jackson, Jameson, Nathaniel
Jones, John W Jones, Keim, Kille, Lane, Leet,
Lewis, Lowell, Lncas, McCltllan, McCulIoch,
McKay, Francis Mallory, Medill, Mil'er, Mont-
gomery, S W. Morris, Newhard, Palen, Partish,
Parris, Paynter, Prentiss, Reynolds, Ryall, Sa
muels, Shaw, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Stark-
weather, Steenrod, Strong, Taliaferro, Jxcob
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Turney, Vroom,
David D Wagenc, Wellei, Jared W. Williams,
Henry Williams, L*wis Williams, Joseph L Wil-
liams, Christopher H  Willum , and Wise—86
The next amendment was then rtad, as fol-
lows-
"For annual repair of the President's House,
gardener's sa'ary, horse and carf, labirersand
tools, and foi amount due F Masi and Company
for repairs on furniture, $3,6.28 "
The question was about beirg taken, when
Mr. MEDILL called for the yeas and nays,
■which were ordered.    But
Before the question was taken, it being now half
past two o'clock,
The House took a recess until four o'clock.
[FVENIfyO ¡SESSION ]
After the recess,
The Speaklr resumed the chair, and ihsre being
but {evr member  p'esent,
Mr ANDREW** rnovrd a call of the House.
The SPEAKER said that as the previous que~-
tion was pending on .he amendments ad~>ped by
the Commit ee of the Waole to the civil and ¡plo-
mado appropriation Lj.I1, a motion for a c^ll of the
House was not in rrtter.
Mr. ANDREWS We'l, then, I move to ad-
journ.
On that mition, Mr. BANKS demanded ihe jes
and nays, which were oidticu, and resulted, je¡s
4, nays 108.
So the House refused to pdjoirn, but no quorum
voted.
Mr. DROMGOOLE What are we to do ibrn?
We have no quorum, the Hoa«e refuses to ad-
journ, and a call of the House is not in oider
Several other members having now arrived, the
Speaker decided that a quoram was present.
The question pending being on the following
amendment:
"For annual repair of the President's House,
gardener's salary, hor.e and cart, laborers and
tools, and for amount due F Masi and Company
for repairs on furniture, $2 G28-" it was agreed to
—yeas 112, nays 49.
After th- adoption of several other amendments,
without a division,
The amendment appropriating ¡$3 000 for com-
pleting ihe court-house at Alexandria, was coa-
curred in as follows, yeas 105, nays 7.
The next amendment was then read as follows:
"For payment to the stonecutters and the other
workmen on the new Treasury building, of the
sums allowed them by the commissioners appoint-
ed by the President of the United States to super-
intend the prosecution of the work, etc in fulfil-
ment of the resolution of Congress of 20ih  July,
1840,  #12,923," and it was agreed to—yeas 109,
nays 60
The question then recurring on agreeing with
the Committee of the Whole in th-ir amendment
stiiking out the appropiiation for "a Minister to
Mexico, and inserting an appropriation for a
Charge onlv;"
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON wished to know
whether the Committee on Foreign Affairs had
seconded this amendment, str king off the Minister
to Mexico.
Great confusion here arose, owing to many mem-
bers attempnns: ti speaking at once.
Mr MONROE, m a very loud tone, propounded
a question to Ihe Speaker as to the effect of a re-
jection of the amendment.
The noise prevailing was so great that the re-
sponse of the Speaker was not heard.
Eut several members now calling on Mr. Mon-
boe to sit down, and not a*k such simple ques-
tions,
Mr. MONROE insisted on his right to ask any
question he might think proper, before he was called
upon to vore.
Mr. WISE. Well, then, will the Speaker please
to tell me how to spell apple pie?
Alter 3ome remarks from Mr. STANLY, in
which he asked to be excused from voting,
Mr. GRAVES took the floor, and was proceed-
ing with some remark?, when
Mr. WISE said he insisted on having order, and
requested the gentleman to take his ceat.
Mr GR WES said, well, then, let him state his
point of oider for the decision of the Chair, but I
will not take my seat at h s [Mr. Wish's] com-
min'.
Mr. WISE. Well, I submit my point of order,
which is, whether a gentleman has a right, for the
purpo-e of evading the previou- question, to —
Loud crie-, of "order," "sit down," etc. arose
from various patti of the hall.
Mr. WISE. It's of no use; gentlemen may
call "order" as much as they please, I cannot be
put down on my own point of order
Mr. GRAVES.   What is the point of order?
Mr. WISE. Hear it, and do not call upon me
to sit down before you know what it is The point
of order is, whslher a gentleman ein, to evade the
previous question, ask to be excused from voting,
and then give his reasons?
The SPEAKER said it was obvious that such a
course was not m order.
Mr. GRAVES desired to know if, under the con-
sideration of a b'll making appropna ion for the
civil and diplomatic expenses ol Government for
1841,  the gentleman from Virg ma was m order in
a«k ng the Speaker "to p'ease to tell him how to
spell apple pie?"
Afier somr fur h<r discussion of a conversational
chancier, ihe question was taken on agreeing to
ihe amendment of the Committee of the Who'e,
and decided in the rcgauve, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Judson Allen, Banks, Beitty,
B irne, Bojd, Brewster, Aaron V B own, Albert
G Brown, Burke, Bynum, Carr, Casey, Chapman,
Clifford, Coles, Connor, Maik A Cooper, Crabb,
Crary, John Davis, John W. Davis, Deberry,
Dickerson,  Deilet, Doan,   Dromgoole, Duncan,
Earl, Eastman, Fine, Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith,
Ga'es, Gerry, Gaggm, Hammond, Hand, John
Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of North Carolina, Hop-
kins, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Nathaniel
Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, KiHe, L-adbetter,
Luca=, McClellan, McCulIoch, McKay, Meredith
Mallory, Francis Mal'ory, Medill, Miller, Mon-
tanya, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, New-
hard, Parnsh, Parm°nter, Parris, Paynter, Prentiss,
Reynolds, Rives, Edward Rogers, Samuels, Shaw,
Shepard, John Smith, Thos. Smith, Starkweather,
Steenrod, Strong, Sweanngen, Sweney, Philip F.
Thomas, Jacob Tnompson, Turney, Underwood,
Vanderpoel, Vroom, David D. Wagener, Weller,
Jared W. Williams, Henry WiUiaa , Lewis Wil-
liams, and Wise—86.
WAYS—Messrs Alford, John W. Allen, An-
drews, Baker, Barnaid, Bell, Boardman, Brork-
way, Sampson H. Bu'ler, Wiluam O Butler,
Calhoun, John Campbell, William B. Campbell,
Carroll, Chinn, Chittenden, Clark, Cranstm,
Cushmg, Edward Davies, Ganett Davis, Dawson-
Denuis, Edwaids, Evans, Everett, Fulmore, Gar,
land, Gentry, Giddings, Goode, Graba-n, Granger,
Graves, Green, Griffin, Gannell, Habersham,
Hall, William S Hastmgs, Hawes, Henry, Hill
<f Virginia, Hoffman, Holmes, Huit, Hunt,
Jimes, Charles J< hnston, William Cost Johnson,
Kemble, Kempshall, King, Lane, Leet, L°wis,
Lincoln, Lowell, McCarty, Marv.n, Mason, Mon-
roe, Moore, Morgan, Calvary Morris, Naylor,
Nisbet, Osborne, Palen, Peck, Pickens, Promt,
Randall, Randolph, Randen, Rayner, Reed, Rhett,
Ridgway, RueselJ, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Simonton,
Albert Smi h, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stuart, Sum-
ter, Taliaferro, John B Thompson, Tillinghast,
Toland, Trumbull, Peter J. Warner, Warren,
Edward D White, John White, Thomas W. Wil-
liams, Joseph L Williams, Christipher H. W ll-
hams, and Winthrop—101.
So ihe Home refused to strike out the aptropna-
tion for a Minister to Mexico
The question was then taken on the following
amendment of Mr  Uinderwood-
After the word do'lars in the 535th line, page 23,
insert the fol'owirg proviso:
Provided, however, that in addition ts returns
now required to be rendered by postmasters, it shall
be the duty of the postmasters at New York, Bos-
ton, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and New Orleans,
and the other several cities of the Union, each and
every year hereafler, to render a quarter yearly
account to the Postmaster General, under oath, m
such form as the latter shall prescribe for the pu -
pose of giving lull effect to thispr viso, of all emo-
luments or sums, by them respectively received for
boxes or pigeon holes, or other receptacles for let-
ters or papers, and by them charged for to indivi-
duals, or for the delivery of Utters or papers at or
fiom any place in either of the said cities, other
than the ?ctual pon office of such city, and of all
emoluments, receipts, and profits, that have come
to their hands by reason of keeping branch offices
m either of said cities, and if from sjch accounting it
shall appear that the Belt amount received by
either of the postmasters at e.ther of such cities
for such boxes and pigeon holes, and other recepta-
cles for letters and paper*, and for deliver ng let-
ters or pape/s at or from any place, in either of
said cities, oiher than said post office, and by rea-
son of keeping a branch post office in either of said
cities, shall, in the aggregate, exceed the sum of
thrte thousand dolhrs m any one year, such excess
shall be paid to the Postmaster General for the use
and purposes of ihe P< st Office Department, and
no pos'masrer sba 1 hereafter, un ler any preteice
whatever, have or rec ive, or retain for himself,
m ihe segregate, moie than five thousand dollars
per year, including salaras or couimios.on  now
allowed and limited by law.
Tne amendment was agreed to, as follows-
YEAS—Messr . Al'ord, Judson Allen, John W.
Allen, Anderson, Andrews, Binks, Bake', B-atiy,
Beirne, Biackwe", Boardwan, Boyd, Brewster,
Aaron V. Brown, AloettG Brown, Burke, Wil-
liam O. Butler, Bynum, Calhoun, William B.
Campbell, Carr, drrod, Ca«ey, Chapman, Clif-
ford, Co'es, Connor, Mark A. Cooper, Willum R.
Cooper, Crabb, Graiuon, Crary, Cushmg, John
