COfliftRESSlONAiL GiLOBE.
26th Costs..........2nd Sess._________________FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 1841.__________~"            Volume 9...........No. I4T
~ BY BLAIR & RIVES.                                     ---------WEEKLY---------                            PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continued ftorn No, 13.
question in the event of which he is immediately
interested," etc.
The SPEAKER stated that, in his opinion, the
rule did not apply to the case now before the
House.
The question being on the passage of the resolu-
tion,
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
The Clerk was proceeding in the call, when
Mr. CRABB asked to be excused from voting.
The SPEAKER said, that ¡he gentleman should
have  asked leave before the call was commenced.
Mr. CRABB replied that he did arise for that
purpose.
Mr. BRIGGS asked Mr. Crabb his reasons for
making that request.
Mr. CRABB remarked that he was one of those
who left their homes m time to arrive here before
the commencement of the ■session, but he had been
detained on the way by the storm. He believed
that the rule of the House, referred to by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, excluded him from voting,
abhough the Speaker had decided otherwise
The question was then taken on excusing Mr
Crabb from voting, and decided m the negative
—ayes 51, noes 94
The queaion was tKen taken on the  resolution,
and passed in the affirma ive—yeas 100, nays 48.
DEATH OP JUDGE BARBOUR.
Mr. BANKS laid the following letter before the
House
Washington, Feb 26, 1841.
Sir: As the Representative of the district in which
our lamented brother, Judge Barbjur, resided, I
enclose you a copy of the funeral ceremonies which
have been determined upon.
I am, sir, with greit respect,
Your obedient servant,
R B TANEY.
Hon. Linn Banks,
House of Representatives
Ordsr of the funeral ceremonie$ attending the removal
of the remains of the Hon P P Barbour, late
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States:
The Judge* of the Supreme Court, with its offi-
cers, and the Judges of the Courts of the District,
with the members of the bar, will assemble at two
o'clock to-day, at Mrs. Turner's (Pennsylvania
avenue,) and thence attend the remains of the de-
ceased, to the room of the Supreme Court, where
the usual services will be performed by the Chap-
lains ot Congress and where the President, the
Heads of the Department , the Senators and Re-
presentatives in Congress, trie members of the Fo-
reign Legations, and citizens and strangers, are re-
quested to attend. Aft^r which the procession will
move, in the above order, to the steamboat whatf,
where the remains of the deceased will be embark-
ed, with proper attendant":, in order to be conveyed
to his country seat, in Orange county, Virginia, for
interment.
Mr. BANKS arose and said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not rise for the purpose of
interrupting the business of the House, but to an-
nounce the death of the Hon Philip P. Barbour,
late a Judge of the Supreme Court of the United
States. In. the performance of this painful duty,
(said Mr. B.) no language which I possess is ade-
quate to portray the virtues, talents and the dis-
tinguished pubhc services of the individual whose
loss we are now called upon to deplore. In all his
relations, whether in public or in private, he stood
pre-eminent for his high honor, and his incorrupti-
ble integrity. Whether in the halls of legislation,
or engaged m expounding the laws of his own State
or of the Union. h« was always prompt, impartial,
and able. In 1812, whsn war was declared agamn
Great Britain—the second Declaration of Inde-
pendence—when the political horizon was darken-
ed o'er with portentous clouds—Judge Barbour
was elected a member of the Legislature of Virgi-
nia from his native county of Orange. He served
his constituents st this important crisis of our histo-
ry with distinguished ability m sustaining the inte-
rest, the honor, and the glory of his country. In
the month of May, 1814, he was elected a member
of the House of Representatives of the United
States, and served from that time, without inter-
mission, and with the entire approbation of hiscon-
stituents, until 1825. During that eventful period,
ha was the Speaker of this House from December,
1821, to March, 1823. In 1825 he was elected by the
Legislature of Virginia, a Juáge of the General
Court of that State, the duties of which station he
discharged with great ability and to the satisfaction
of all patties interested.
In 1827, Judge Barbour was called upon by
some of his old friends in the Congressional Dis-
trict in which he resided, to become a candidate for
Congress. He promptly obeyed the call, and forth-
with resigned his judicial station, and was again
elected to Congress without opposition. He served
until the end of the first session of the 21st Con-
gress, in 1830, when he was appointed a judge of
the federal ccurt lor the Eastern district of Vir-
ginia. He continued to discharge the duties of
that office until 1836, at which time he received
the appointment of Associate Justice of the Su-
preme Court of the United States.
Judge Barbour was a member of the Convention
which assembled m Virginia in 1829, to amend
the Constitution of that State, and was president of
the Convention, which contained some of the mot>t
distinguished men of Virginia, among whom were
Judge Marshall, James Madison, James Mon-
roe, Wm B. Giles, Littleton W Tazewell,
and others of distinguished abilities.
I have attempted, Mr. Speaker, 'o give a brief
epitome of the public stations voluntarily bestowed
upon Philip P. Barbour by his countrymen I
say voluntarily, because he was one of those high-
minded and honorable men who never sought office
His high and commanding talents and virtues made
him one of Virginia's most distinguí hed sons In
the discharge of all the high duties devolved upon
htm, his course was marked with great ability,
and, above all, his motives of action were never
suspected. He was connected with a Hume-
rous tram of friends and relatives, and be-
loved b> all. If he had an enemy on earth, he did
not know it. No man stood higher than Judge
Basbodr for his purity of character, and his high
and ennoDhng virtues. No language can describe
them. He was a kind, tender, and affectionate hus-
band, father, and fnend, and a humane master.
I can only say, in csnclusion, that his sudden
death admonishes us all o* the sacred volume,
which d clares that "in the midst of life we are m
death "
I move you, Mr Speaker, that the House adopt
the following resolution.
Resolved, That the House have learned with deep
sensibility ths decease of the Hon. Philip P.
Barbour, for many years a member, and late
Sp aker of the House of Representatives of the
United Slates, and at the time of his death an as-
sociate Justic  of the Supreme Court of the United
States, which melancholy event took place sud-
denly in the city of Washington on the 24th of
February, instant; and that, as a mark of the re-
spect entertained for the memory of the deceased,
this House will adjourn at two o'clock this day, for
the purpose of attending the funeral of the de-
cease, and will at four o'clock of the same day re-
assemble in ihe hall of the House for the despaca
of the public business.
Mr. WISE, after cordially uniting in the senti-
ments just uttered, expressed his regret that Mr.
Banks had not consulted with his colleagues before
he offered his resolution. With all due respect,
MY. Wise said he could not vote for it, for the
reason that a mightier man han Judge Barbour
had fallen, and whose death was not even an-
nounced to the House He meant the illustrious
father of the judiciary, John Marshall He
would ask his colleague to withdraw the resolu-
tion, and not compel him to vote against it.
Mr BANKS said it so happened that, at the
time Judge Marshall died, Congress was not in
session, nor was the Supreme Court in session; be-
sides, the event took place in another city. The
Supreme Court was now m session, and the Se-
nate had adopted a similar resolution unani-
mously Mr B paid a high compliment to the
talent's and virtues of Chief Justice Marshall, and
said there was no man to whose memory he would
more cheerfully pay a tribute of respect Mr. B.
remarked that wh-n the death of the Hon. Wm.
Wirt was announced to this bjdy, although he
was at that time a private citizen, the House, on
motion of the venerable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] adjourned Mr. B. slated
tha' he had consulted with several of his colleagues,
but having just received the communication from
the Chief Justice, it had not been in his power to
consult with Mr Wise He hoped this explana-
tion would be satisfactory.
Toe resolution was then adopted
DEFECTIVE LAND PATENTS.
On motion of Mr. LINCOLN, by general con-
sent the House took up the following bill, intro-
duced by him on the 17th instant, viz:
A BILL to confirm land patents.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
entatives of the United States of ¿imerica in Congresss
assembled, That all patents for public lands, which
have been issued from the General Lind Office
since the passing of the act, entitled "An act for
the establishment of a General Land Office in the
department of the Treasury," passed on the 25th
dayof April, one thousand eight hundred and twelve,
in the name of the President of the United States,
instead of being <m the name of the UmtedStates,"
as prescribed in the eighth section of said act; and
all paten s for public lands, which have been issued
from the said General Land Of§ce since the passing
of the act entitled "An act to Reorganize the Gene-
ral Land Office," passed the fourth day of July,one
thousand eight hundred and ihirty-six, and which
have been countersigned by the Recorder of the
General Land Office, or other person acting m his
stead, instead of being countersigned by the Com-
missioner of the Gen ral Land Office, as prescribed
in the act of the twenty-fifth day of April, one
thousand eight hundred and twelve; and all patents
which have been issued from said General Land Of-
fice smce the passing of the act entitled "An actp«-
seribing the mode by which patents for pub'ic lands
shall be signed and executed," passed the second day
1 f March, one thousand eight hundred and thirtj-
three,and which have been subscribed by a secretary
duly appointed, pursuant to the provisions of said
act, with the printed or written name of the Presi-
dent prefixed to the personal signature of such se-
