CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
which were laid on  the table and ordered to be
printed:
In the Geniral   Assembly   op the State of
Delaware—January session, 1841.
Resolved by the Senate and Howe of Re preservatives
of the Sta'e of Delaware m General assembly met,
That the cession by the States of Virginia and Ma-
ryland of the territory of the District of Columbia,
their grants of money to facilitate the erection of
suitable buildings and fortifications for the accom-
modation and security of the President, Congress,
and the several Departments of the Government,
and the generous donation of lands bv the proprie-
tors of the soil upon which the city of Washington
was laid out, and its plan projected, to the United
States, was highly beneficial, and merited a kind,
liberal, and generous consideration in return.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this Legislature,
the refusal by a majority of Congre s to reeharter
the banks ot the District of Columbia, was unwise
and oppressive
Resolved, That this Legislature are unwilling to
believe, with the citizens of Washington and
Georgetown, that their only chance for good go-
vernment and prosperty, res's in a retrocession of
the territory ceded to the United States to the Stale
of Maryland, but confidently hope the next, if not
the present Congress, will grant them ample redress
of all their gnevauces.
ResoUed, That the people of the District of Co-
lambia ought to be reptesented in the Congress of
the United States and that measure^ should be ta-
ken, as soon as conveniently may be, to bring about
s>uch a just and desirable end.
Resolved, That the foregoing resolutions be signed
by the Speaker of the Senate, and the Speaker of
the House of Representatives, and transmitted to
our Senators and Representatives in Congress, to
be laid before their respective Houses.
R. HOUSTON,                 .
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
CHARLES POLK,
Speaker t f the Senate.
Mr PRESTON submitted 'he following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to
Resolved, That the S cetary ol War be request-
ed to conrnunicate to the Senrte a report of the ex-
periments made upon the bomb cannon invented by
John Cochian, in conformity with the joint reso-
lution of Ann! 25, 1840
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was cons dered and agreed to
Resolved, That th- Commitfe on the Public
Lands be insttucted to inquire into the expediency
of appropriating a sufficient sum for defraying the
expenses of the employment of a special agent to
procute information as to mining and smelting
lead, copper, and other ores
Mr WALL, fn m the Committee on the Judi
ciary, to which was referred a bill to amend the act
entitled "An act to amend the act approved May
13, 1800, entitled 'An act to imend an act entitled
'An act to establish .he judicial courts of ihe Uoiled
States,'" reported the same without amendment
Mr. W. said he would take that occasion to say
that it was the unanimous opinion of ihe Commit-
ted on the Juliciary that no such defect existed in
the law as that which this bill was intended to
remedy.
Mr. BUCHANAN concuried in opinion with
the Judiciary Committee, but the highly respecta-
ble judges of the court in Pennsjlvama thought
otherwise; and the consequence was, that ah the
criminal business in the circuit courts was pre-
vented In this state of things, it was highly ne-
cessary that the bill should pass, and he hoped the
Senate would indulge hioi by acting upon it at that
time.
After a few remarks from Mr. CLAYTON, con-
curring m the remarks of Mr WALL, the bill
funs ordered to be engrossed for a third reading
f On motion of Mr. SMITH ot Indiara, the 3t-
jta'e took up, as in committee ot the whole, the
bill to reorganize the judicial circmti of the United
States                                              I
Mr. S. said his object in moving fo take/up the
bill was to have it amended so as tfe conform the
i circuits and the duties of the judges t§Ae s'ate of
the business of the country, by an equalization of
the bus.ness and dut>es At the time the bill was
introduced and repotted to ihe Senate, he had hule
hopes of seeing it become a law, as there were at
that time many difficulties to encounter m the ad-
justment of the matter, the most of which h° con-
ceived were removed by a recent melancholy
event—he alluded to the decease of Judge Bar-
bour. That distinguished judge havmg been re-
moved by Providence, the way was now clear
to do ihat which would long since have been done,
but for the locality of the judges As the circuits
were now arranged, six judges were located east
of the mountains in the Atlantic States, and the other
three in the West and Southwest. A most unequal
and unjust imposition of duties was imposed upon
the laitcr judges He believed this to be the accepted
and propitious tim  todo complete justice on ih°
subject. He understood that the judges had agreed
to an arraneemeit which would give four circuits
to the West and Southwest, and leave five in the
East, «o that tip West and Southwest would have
the services of an additional judge. This ar-
rangement he believed to be necessary to a due ad-
ministration of jusiice, as well as to a just equali-
zation of the laborious duties of the three Western
judges, W1th those rendered by the judges of the
Atlantic. Ho would enly premise this much in
anticipat on of ihe amendment which the Senator
trom Alabama [Mr. Clay] was ready to propose
Mr. CLAY of Alabama then offered the follow-
mg amendment, ixplammg ine reasons which in-
duced him to offer it-
"That hereafter the eastern and western dis-
tricts of Pennsylvania and the district of New Jer-
sey, and the district of Delaware shall form the
third circuit; the district of Marjland and the east-
ern district of Virginia shall form th  fourth cir-
cuit, the district of N^rth Carolina, the eastern and
western dis'nets of South Carolina, and the district
of Geo'gia shall form the fifth circuit, the southern
dis'nct of Alabama, and the Eistern dislrcit of Lou-
siana shall form ihe sixth circuí , the southern dis-
trict of Mississippi, the eastern and middle dis-
tricts of Tenne see, shall form the e ght circuit,
and the d strict of Arkansas, the district of Mis
souri, and the district of Kentucky snail form the
ninth circuit
"Sec 2 And be it further enae'ed, That th" cir-
cuit court for the dis net of Arkin«as, shall be
holden on the founh Monday of April, and the
fourth Monday of October in each and every year,
and it shall be the duty of the assocate justice of
the Supieme Court allotted to the n.nth circuit, to
preside at the spnng 'erra of the eircuit court for
the distnc' of Arkansas, and the associate justice
of the Sapreme Cou-t allotted to the euhth circuit,
to nreside at the spring term of the circuit court,
for thesfu'hern district of Mississippi, wh ch shall
be holden on thp second Mondiy in December "
Mr ROANE said, he could not reconcile it to
himself to permit this question to be taken, vithout
offering a ">ord or two on the subject If he under-
stood aright the amen 'ment just offered and read to
the Senate, itsobject i>nd effect is to abolish, to cb-
bterate fiora existence, the ?ncient ¡> dicial circuit
composed (f the Sietes cf Virg ma and North
Carolina1 Never was he taken more by surprise
than now' Without ihe time and the means of
giving du  consideration to the reasons we have
ju t beard in favor of this nrasuie and without
the possibility of any express knowledge of the
wishes of these two long associated old States in re-
gard to this proposed severance, I but yield to the
impure of the moment in rising in my place, and
entering my solemn and earnest protest against the
proceeding I protest against it, sir, because at this
last hurried rao.nent of an expinng session of Con-
gress, it is impossible that such a change as this
can be made v ith that deliberation which a due re-
gard to the wants and interest-, of all the parts of
thf Union requires at our hands I protest against
ii, sir, because if p general change is required so as
to equalize the labors of all the judges, I cannot see
why this parucul r circuit is to be made the point
of departure, <md hereby cut in twain, merged into
two other circuits, «id thus blotted out from h°r old
position on the judicial map of the Union.
Mr President, the«e are two of the old Atlantic
States of the good "old Thirteen "   They embrace
a long extent of seaboard, and from their local po-
sition, and long standing judicial connection, are
certainly entitled to consideration. The reasons
assigned for this measure are, first, the long travel
of tome of the judges of the West and Southwest
to their courts, and second, the heavy dockets they
find in them. The first is caused bv the extensive
territory and sparse population of those States, and
must soon be obviated by the strong stream of im-
migration which is rapidly filling up our wilder-
ness. And as regards the second reason, if there
is now but little business m the circuit proposed to
be abolished, I am very thankful for it, as it indi-
cates two things • that our citizens are free from
deb , and that our country is at peace with foreign
nations If there be, as is alleged, an unusual
crowd of business at this time in the courts of the
Western and Southwestern States, no man deplores
more than I do the state of mdeb edness which it
ind'cates But (hat state of things cannot always
be The deranged stale of the currency, and the
rage for speculation and wealth, which has caused
this heavy mass of litigation in these courts, cannot
always be, nor can p ace a ways exist And it
should be borne in mmd that, m time of war, when
some of tho>e courts would feel no consequent ac-
cession of business, the circuit proposed to be
sponged would, from its local position, necessarily
have thrown into its courts maritime and admiralty
business. But, sir, it is not to the precise quantum
of court business to which I Irok la this matter;
for that cannot be kept equalized amongst the cir-
cuits, except by a legislation too frequent for the
necessary permanency of any svstem. It is to the
local position of this circntt—it is to the section of
the Union in which it stands—it is to the position
it has «o long and co honorably occupied on the ju-
dicial map of the country, that I look. And, sir,
it is the cau'f s wh ch come before the Supreme
Cour', no matter where originating, involving her
dearest constitutional ngnra, mat add to my feeling
on this subject But, Mr. President, if a new
arrangement of the judicial circuits is neces-
sary to equalize the labors of the judges, why
not, let me ask, add to tins old circuit her sister
S uth Carolina, or her beloved daughter Kentucky,
or her respected neighbor Tennessee, and thus ob-
viate the evil complained of.and at the same time pre-
serve this old circuit andi s homogeneou  character.
I am cert?in, sir, that there is no reasonable ex-
pansion of this circuit which the public weal may
demand, to wmch it would not cheerfully yield.
But, sir, whilst it is at this moment submitting, in
mournful resignation, to the late heavy dispensa-
tion of Providence, which has suddenly deprived it
and the country of an eminent jurist and judge, I
do hope that this body will pause before it avails
itself of that dispensation as a reason for striking
from existence a circuit almost coeval with our ju-
dicial system, and which, to say the least,has never
j et impared its strenth, «i disturbed its symmetry. I
have thought these hasty remares due to my posi-
tion here on the present occasion, and however
thty may be re-eived, and whatever may be the
fate of the proposed measure, I feel that m making
them I have done my duty.
Mr CLAY of Alabama iaid, for the last few
years there had been more or less said about the
inequality of the duties of the members of the Su-
preme Court, and in 1837, as would be recollected,
he submitted a resolution calling upon the Secre-
tary of Stale to furnish information respecting the
numhei < f «uits tried, and the number of miles
travelled by each judge, with a view to a  equali-
zation of the labors of the judges The return of
the Secretary was then in bis hand, and it showed
that the West and the Southwest furni'hed much
the greatest part of tf-e business of the Union; but
there had been difficulties m the way of any altera-
tion of the different circuit , and the proposition
made for that purpose was voteá down. But a
late melancholy and deplorable event which had
occurred, (the death of Judge Barbsur,) had ob-
viated the difficulties that were previously m the
way, if the Senate thought proper now to act, and
there would now be no violation of good faith with
the judges. And what objection could be opposed
to the proposition now before the Senate? Because
a State had heretofore had, should a State always
