220
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcl.
or character whatsoever, and for any service what-
soever."
Mr. SOUTHARD objected to any interference
with the arrangements of postmasters to acctmmo-
date individuals wi h boxes, by the use of boxes,
individual* received their letters without detention;
and so long as the postmasters afforded this accom-
modation, at a small remuneration for the exira
trouble undei taken, and ihe expense of the boxes,
he was opposed to any interference by the Govern-
ment with such arrangement.
Mr. WRIGHT explained to the Senator from
New Jersey the clause under discussion. The
clause provided that three thousand dollar, per
annum should be paid to the postmas'er for the
accommodation of the public with boxes, which,
ad led to the salary of $3,000, made the total oí
#5,000 per annum, which, he concernd, was a
sufficient remuneration for any postmasier.
Mr. BUCHANAN said the question was whether
$5,000 was not a sufficient remuneration for a
postmaster. That point being settled, he pro-
ceeded to show that the use of boxes was advama-
geous, and a saving of irouble to the postmasters,
and if the clause were adopted, he doubted not the
number of boxes would be increased, and the sum
paid for them reduced, for he never expected any
surplus from this souise to come to the public
Treasury, and hence a larger number of business
men wcu'd be benefited.
Mr. TALLMADGE opposed the clause at some
length; and in ihe course of his remarks, he inii-
maied thai the ¡subject was not understood by hono-
rable Senators.
Mr CLAY of Alabama said when they gave the
postmaster of New York §5,000 per annum, they
gave him as much as they gave the Chief Justice
ot the Supreme Couit, whose qualifications must
necessarily be of a much higher order Why, they
only gave $6 000 per annum to ihe heads of De-
partments, here. He thought he understood this
matter perfeclly, and he liurted the Senate under-
stood it, and that they would give ihe gentlemen
who had bien preaching "retrenchment" and "re-
form"  o long, a proper statt
The debate was continued by Messrs WHITE,
PRESTON, LINN, and others.
A message was received from the Hou^e of Re-
ptesentativ s, with a resolution for the suspen-ion
of the lGtb joint rule, by which no bill could be re-
ceived by one branch of Congress from the other
during the last three days of the session, to which
the assent of the Senate was asked
On the motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the Senate
concurred, and die navy appropriation and other
bills were received and referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT la d befóte the Senate
a letter from tlv Prudent elect, informing Ihe
¡Senate that he will be ready to take the oa'h pre-
scribed by the Constitution previously to emering
on a discharge of his official duties, and «it such
place as the Senate may think proper to designan,
which was read.
On motion by Mr. PRESTON the Vice Presi-
dent was directed to appoint a committee of three
Senators to make the necessary anangements for
the reception and inauguration of the President
elect, and to apprise him of the «ame, and Mr.
Preston, Mr. Bayakd, and Mr White, were ap-
pointed the committee.
The Senate adjouins.d a few minutes past nine
o'clock
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, M¿ich 1, 1841.
Mr. RUSSELL modified the resolution offered
by him on Saturday, as follows:
Rtselved, That hereafter the daily houi of meet-
ing of this House ehall be ten o'clock, a. m. and
to-morrow, the time, from ten to tw elve o'clock at
noon, shall be devoted to the consideration of pri-
vate bilh from the Senate, in their regular ordir, m
Committee of the Whole House: and on Wednes-
day next, the time from ten o'clock to twelve at
noon, shall be devoted to the consideration of pri-
vate bills from the Senate on the Speaker's table,
if such length of time shall be required for that
purpose.
The question being taken on the adoption of the
resolution, it passed in the affirmative—ayes 111,
noes 38
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. TILLINGHAST a'-ked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present certain resolutions from
the Legislature of the State of Rhode Island, and
that they be printed.
Objection being made,
Mr. TILLINGHAST moved a suspension of
the rules in relation to the order of business but the
motion did not prevail,
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved that the House
now resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER stated that theie was a special
order for to-day—(the steamboat bills )
On motion of Mr. JONES of Virginia, the spe-
cial order was postponed un'il to-morrow.
The House then, on th" motion of Mr J re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr Dawson in the chair)
and took up the bi'I making appropriations for
certain
FORTIFICATIONS OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE
YLAR 1841
The bill hivine been road,                            í
Mr. THOMPSON of Soash Carolina movea to
striVeout the words "thirty five thousand" for re-
pairs of Port Independence, and insert in lieu
thereof $90,000.
After some remark ; from Mr. T. in support of
h s amendment, in wh ch he contended that it was
our imperative duty to provide for a more effectual
defence,
Mr JONE3 resisted the anendment. The bill
submitted was intended to approprate for the old
works of the country which needed repair, and for
the continuance of works now in progress. There
was another targe class of works which could not
come into this bill. He pdmitted ihe importance
of a work at the outlet at Lake Champlam, but
as there was no law for it, it could not, under the
rules of the Hous.5, b° appropriated for It was
not in order to graft Ihe provi ions of other bills
upon thcgeneral appropriation bill forfoitifications.
There were now unexpended appropriations to the
amount ot neatly a million of dt liars Th^
amount at last session was ¿,712 897, at the present
session $439 500, making ¡n .¡I $1,152 397, of
which $926,000 remained unexpended.
Mr. THOMPSON appealed to Mr J. to take
up the bill tromthe Committee on Military Affairs,
which covered ihe entire groun 1 of the present bill,
and added other works neces°ary.
Mr. JONES said that vh" bill appropriated
#1 700,000 to foitifie-tions, could it be expected
suena bill s-honM get thrr ugh without protracted
debatí5 It mujt cat off all other business. To the
pie«cnt bill no serious obje'lion would be mide.
Lei this pass, and then let t, e gentleman bnng up
his bill. The rpproprwfionsiii (his bill were suf-
ficient to keep the works g mg till the middle of
the follow.rg year, it had nut reduced the estimates
of ihe Department one dollar.
Mi J inquired if ihis amendment, being an item
contained in another b'U before ihe House, was in
order'
The CHAIR decided that it was, it did not pro-
pose to engraft anoiher bill on this bill.
Mr HUNT made some remaiks m favor of
laying aide the present bill, and taking up that
from iho Military Committee
Afiei some iei ari.-sfrom Mr. FrLLMORE,
Mr THOMPSON withdicw ihe amendment.
Mr CROSS moved to amend by inserting an ap-
propna'ion of §50,000 for Fort Wayne, but the
Chair deeded that it would not bJ then ¡n order.
Mr SMITH of Mame moved to amend the bill
by inserting §6,600 for Forts Preble and Scammel,
in Portland harbor. Mr S. referred to ihe report
from the Department, showing that these works were
going to rum for want of a small appropriation,
and he appealed to the justice of the House in
favor of his amendment. The Committee of Ways
and Means had taken good care of Boston harbor
and the Gulf of Mexico, but seemed to have for-
got en that the whole cost of Maine was exposed,
while Halifax, the only northern dipotof the Bri-
tish navy, was within a day's sail of every part of it.
Our fishermen were continually insulted. Hpre he
yielded the floor at the request of
Mr. THOMPSON, who said he would state a
fact that would supersede the gentleman's speech.
This sum had been appropriated at tre last session,
and remained unexpended.
Mr. SMITH said that that statement would ap-
ply to many items of the bill as well as ih« item for
Portland harbor.
Mr. JONES explained. The application of this
money had only been suspended. The appropria-
tion was still binding, a-s much so as if jiow passed
over again.
Mr. SMITH varmly urged the defenceless state
of the coast of Mame, on which, though two hun-
dí ed and fifty miles in. lengih, not a single gun was
mounted. Tne State last year cleared 140,000 tons
of shipping from ihose undefended ports of hers.
Her commerce employed 6,000 men. Pertland alone
owned 46 000 tons of shipping, and her imports
were $ 192,000. True, there was a small appro-
priation made l?st year, but he was opposed to
leaving its expenditure to the mere discretion of the
President. The chairman said this bill was for
old woiks. Well, if so, there were few works in
the country older than those of Portland harbor.
Mr W C. JOHNSON said, he was not opposed
to defence by fortification, but it was utterly useless
to erect new ones, and then leave tbem unarmed.
Scarce one was at this moment fully equipped with
ordnance If gen'lemen would incorporate a provi-
sion for arming ihe forts, Mr. J. would go as far
as he thüt went furthest in supporting such a mea-
sure Here were $400,000 asked to repair forts al-
ready built. He would glance for a moment at
the present supply of ordnance in the country. He
here went into a statement showing that, for forts
already completed, 1,178 cannon were needed,
while those under construction would need 2,578;
all these were absoln'ely requisite to render the
present bill of the least pc«sible utility. 782 more
would be needtd for forts building and repairing,
and 3,506 for works pre jected by the Board of En-
gineers; besides 5,283 to comple'e the defences ol
our coast. He made these statements on the au-
thotity of the War Department. How many
cannon did we now possess' The fact would as-
tonish every man. We hal but 30 battering can-
non, 42 pounders; 60 m depot, 42 pounder?; 38
more under contract. Of other pieces, we had
but 144. He then adverted to the improvements
in gunnery m Ihe throwing of hollow shot, and the
adoption and perfection of ihis improvement by
foreign nations. As to shells and balls, we stood
in immediate need of 3,020,941 more than we now
possessed. By the use of these hollow shot, fortlfi-
ca'ions had been m a few hours blown up and de-
stroyed which had defied whole navies for centu-
ras Mr. J. urged the propriety and necessity of
placing our entire coaot in a state of defence. He
was the last man to desire a state of war; but he
held that the best way to avoid collision with Eng-
land was to be prepared to meet her; and so wuh
all foreign powers He would urge this necessity-
even were the peaee of ihe world the most pro-
found, how much more pressing was it under cir-
cumstances hkp the present. It was due to the na-
tional honor to sustain the Executive in negotia-
tions under our intricate relations with a foreign
power.
Mr. J. concluded by moving to lay aside the bill
now before the committee, to take up the bill from
the Committee on Military affairs, with a view to
move an amendment to it empowering the Presi-
dent ol the United States to purchase a site for a
foundry, and to enter into contracts for the requi-
site ordnance
Mr. PICKENS rose for the purposa of disabusing
ihe minds of the committee ¡n relation to a rumor
which he was astonished to find was in existence,
m relation to the case of McLeod. When he
came into the hall, to hts great astonishment he
found that a rumor was in circulation, and had
been alluded to m debate, that an angry correspond-
ence had tiken place between Mr. Forsyth and
Mr. Fox, m relation to the imprisonment of
McLeod. It was with pleasure, therefore, he
stated that he received information from the most
authentic source, that there was no foundation for
