CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                           $*7
On motion of Mr. JONES of Virginia, the
House then resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole, and considered the amendments of the Se-
nate to the Naval Appropriation bill.
And the same havmg been concurred in,
The amendment of the Senate to the bill mak-
ing appropriation for the support of the Academy
at West Point, was next considered, and also con-
curred in.
The amendments of the Senate to the Army bill
were then considered, and concurred in
The amendments of the Senate to the bill making
appropriation for the destitute Kickapoo Indians,
and for the removal of the Swan Cieek and Blick
River Indians of Michigan, were adopted, with the
exception of that in favor of Clements Bryan, and
Co. On this amendment a debate aros?, which had
not terminated when the Houi>e took its usual re-
cess.
Evesing Session.
After the recess—
On motion of Mr JONES of Virginia, the Com-
mittee rose and reported on the amendments of the
Senate to the army, navy, and Indian appropria-
tion bills, leaving to be considered hereafter the
amendment relating to Clements, Bryan and Co.
Mr. SERGEANT, from the Judiciary Commit-
tee, on leave, made the following report
"The Committee gn the Judiciary to whom was
referred sundry memorials from citizens of New
York, complaining of the official conduct of Al-
fred Conkhng, Judge of the District Court of the
United States for the Northern District of New
York, and also a letter from Judge Conklmg to the
Hon Chistopher Morgan, explanatory cf his con-
duct in the particular complained of in the memo-
rial, report*
"That, having duly cons.dered the complaint
and the explanation, they are of opinion that there
is not ground for the interposition of the power of
this House. In com ng to this conclusion, they
would not be understood to approve the conduct of
Judge Conkhng, nor even to acquithim of some im-
propriety m the instance complained of. In say-
ing to the recognitors, after the verdict was given,
(as he admits he did,) '1 extremely reget the small
respect you have shown for your oaths,' he was
making an imputation beyond the line of his duty,
and inconsistent with the mutual regard by judges
and jurors for each other'o rights and feelings which
is essential to the due administration of justrce.
"But the committee do not believe that there was
any corrupt motive on the part of the judge, and
they think that a single instance of the undue infla
ence of excitement, though it must be disapproved,
ought not to be visited with undue severity. Re-
peated incidents of the same bind, should they oc
cur, might be deemed characteristic, and as such
to require a corresponding measure of correction,
lest the effect might be to injure, if not to destroy,
the administration of justice. The proper applica-
tion of one such occurrence is to let it serve as an
admonition to guard against the indulgence of tem-
per, and especia'ly to avoid the imputation of un-
due motives where they aie not legitimate subjects
of inquiry.
"The committee, therefore, offer the following
resolution-
"Resolved, That the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject "
Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, made an adverse report upon the petition ot
the Steam Navigation Companies, praying an alte-
ration of the law of debentures so that drawback of
duties may be allowed upon foreign coals exported
from the United States, and consumed on board of
steamships on the high seas; which was ordered to
be printed.
The House then again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. Mr
Lincoln was called to the chair of the committee.
Mr. EVANS moved the consideration of the bill
to provide for the payment of the militia claims of
the State of Mame
Mr. TURNEY called for the consideration of
the unfinished business of the committee, to wit
the amendments of the Senate to the Lili making
an appropriation tor the relief of destitute Kickapoo
Indians, o$c.
Mr. WISE insisted that these amendments was
«hi business actually before the committee without
\ a question.
The CHAIR aisented
Mr GRAVES then claimed that the bill making
appropriations for surveys and light-houses, which
was before the committee yesterday, and remained
unfinished, took precedence of any thing ske.
Much confusion here arose as to precedence of
business.
The House at length resumed the consideration
>.f the amendment to the bill makina appropria-
tions for the relief of destitute Kickapoo Indians,
¡■nd wr the removal of Swan Creek and Black
River Indians
The question pending was on a proposition to
make the amendment of the Senate providing for
the c'aim of Bryan, Clements and Co. conform to
a proposition submitted by the Committee of
Claims of this House for the settlement of the same
case.
Mr. STANLY opposed the amendment of the
Senate unless the amendment of this House was
adopted, in which case he would vote for it.
An animating and exciting debate took place on
this claim, m which it was advocated by Messrs.
CLARK, BROWN, of Mississippi, and GAL-
BRA1TH, and opposed by Messrs. TILL1NG-
HAST, WISE, GRAHAM, GIDDINGS, and
RUSSELL.
Mr. LEET said Mr Chairman, there is no
time, at this late hour of the session, to make
apologies for trespassing upon the attention of the
committee, therefore, I offer none It may be per-
mitted to me, however, to say, that* I would sot
have nsen on this occasion, did I not consider and
believe the proposition now pending to be fair, and
such as ought to be adopted, and, furthermore, did
I not think that it was the determination of those
honorable gentlemen who are hostile to the mea-
sure, to defeat its passage by the use of arguments
which in their estimation may induce honorable
members to vote in the negative Why, Mr.
Chairman, what are we invoked to do' Is it to
make a direct appropriation of any particular sum
of money' No. The Senate amendment, now un-
der discussion, creates a tribunal to which the
claims of Clements, Bryan, and Co. shall be re-
ferred, and directs that the claim shall be deter-
mined according to principles of equity Without
intending now to go at any length into the merits
of this claim, I desire merely to remark that, as I
understand, the persons named in the amendment
entered into a contract with the regularly consti-
tuted agents of tais Government, in. the year 1838,
for furnishing provisions for the Cherokee Indians
in íheir march to the west of the Mississippi, that
in pursuance of that contract, a part of the provi-
sions were actually furnished, on which a profit was
made, and then the contract was abrogated by the
Govermrent agents, in consequence of which, the
contractors sustained a heavy loss. The loss was
the greater, because, m accordance with the terms
of the contract, a large amount of provisions had
been purchased.
Now, Mr. Chairman, does it not appear as clear
as any thing can be, that the claim of these persons
is predicated upon a breach of contract on the part
of the agents of the Governm  i?
Mr. WISE here said, with the permission of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr Leet,] he
would ask him a question. Does be know that
there ever was such a contract as he speaks of?
Did he eeerseeit himself?
Mr. LEET proceeded to  ay, that in reply to the
honorable gentleman from Virginia, he would re-
mark, that he had not seen ihe con ract in question,
but he had been informed by those in whom he
could repose full confidence, that such a contiact
had been entered into, and he would further say,
that from the information given him, he believed
such a contract did exist He believed it, as he
would feel bound to believe any fact which his
honorable friend from Virginia [Mr. Wise] might
tell him of.
Mr. WISE then read from the report of the
Committee on Private Claims of the House of
Representatives, a clause staling, in substance, that
the contract wassubject to the approval of Genera
Scott, and that bonds were required to be given.
Mr. LEET continued and said: Mr, Chairman,
suppose, if you choose, that this contract was sub-
ject to the approval of General Scott, yet; still it
shows no reason wherefore this amendment should
not prevail. Were not a patt of the provisions fur-
nished? Was not that an approval of thejcontracf?
Surely it was.
I am, «aid Mr. L. just now again assured, by a
friend from Tennessee, that there was a contract,
and that its requirements were complied with by
Messrs. Clements, Bryan, and Co. Now, sir,
this amendment, as I said before, does not directly
app-opnate money, but imposes upon the Secretary
of War the duty of ascertaining aad liquidating
the damages sustained by the claimants, and autho-
rizes that the sum ascertained shall be paid out of
the Treasury. In Pennsylvania, which I have the
honor in part, in my humble manner, to represent,
we are accustomed, m cases of c aims against the Go-
vernment, growing outof contracts with individuals,
and especially when accounts are to be carefully
and patiently examined, to refer the matter to some
tribunal uho may have time for investigation.
Loco Foco as I am, (as gentlemen of the Opposition
are wont to call me and the party with whom I
act,) I am entirely willing to confide the settlement
and final adjustment of this business to the honora-
ble gentleman [Mr. Bell] who will, in a day or so,
be the Secretary of War. Such an arrangement
would be fair as between individuals; and surely it
can't be unfair as between the Government and an
individual er individuals. But the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] says we are as
competent as any tribunal that can be erected, to
decide the amount, if any, due to the claimants;
and therefore, we should not transfer this power.
Doubtless the honorable members of this House in-
dividually are altogether capable of doing as the
gentleman says, but can we, as a House, now do
it' Can we hope now, in the midst of the confu-
sion and noise of the last hours of ihe session, sa-
tisfactorily to ourselves and the country, settle and
determinethismat ei? Why,sir,atthismoment,upon
the eve of our adjournment without day, anxious as
every honorable member is to turn his face homeward,
the appaiently unavoidable confusion would seem
to me to utterly forbid any attetndt at a patient in-
vestigation of Ihe amount due these claimants.
Why, sir, a man can hardly hear himself, though
he speaks with a stentcrian voice
Sufficient has been made manifest to prove, that
these persons named in the amendments have an
equitable claim against the Government. I cannot
see why we should not provide for their getting an
impartial and patient hearing. Shall we, sir, say
to these men, who have been knocking at your door
for a hearing, Go thy way, it is not now convenient
to inquire m'o these accounts between you and the
Government?   Would that be fair?   I think not.
As regards the technical objection taken by hono-
rable gentlemen, I will not detain the committee m
discussing I look at the justice of the matler, ar.d
believing the claim to be fair, and ihat the Govern-
ment cannot be prejudiced by the passage of the
amendment, I shall therefore cast my vote for it.
The question was then put on the amendment of
this Hou*e to the amendment of the Senate—Ayes
73 noes 91.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr WISE inquired if any one could tell him
who were the actual claimant in this case.
Mr. STANLY said it was useless to contend any
longer, there were too many claimants mthm the
bar, (laying much emphasis on the last words.)
Mr. WISE made further remarks as to who are
the owners of the claim.
Mr. WATTERSON said there weie no persons
whatsoever concerned m the claim but those whose
names appeared on the face of it—Clements, Bry-
an, & Co. the Co. was intended to cover Gen. Cle-
ments, the brother of the claimant now here.
Mr. WISE asked Mr. W if he asserted this on
own knowledge, or from information from other*?
Mr. WATTERSON.   On my own knowledge.
Mr WISE then read a portion of the report of
