228"
Committee of Claims, stating a suspicion of secret
partners.
Mr. BROWN of Tennessee gave a full state-
meat of the ownership of the claim.
Mr. CLARK thought it was a question the
House had nothing to do with; the question to be
decided was as to the justice and equity of the claim.
The question was then put to concur in the
amendment of the Senate—ayes 95, noes 52
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. EVANS then called for the consideration
of the bill to provide for the militia claims of the
State of Mame.
The question being put on taking up the bill,
there appeared—ayes 92, noes 33.
So the bill was taken into consideration by the
committee.
Having been read—
Mr. DAWSON proposed te amend, by a provi-
sion appropriating $208,618 to pay ths militia of
Georgia for service^ rendered in the Indian war.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. PROFFIT inq„ir«d what amount of money
was requred to pay the militia of Mame, and he
wished to know by what authority Ihe militia, were
called out. He wi-hed the sum to be paid to be
limited in the bill.
Mr. EVANS answered that the accounts were
not audited, and, consequently, the amount was
not ascertained. That Mame had paid about $600,-
000, but did not expect to get, ihrough this bill, over
$200,000, leaving the State of Mame to pay out of
her own Treasury about #400,000. The troops
were called out by the Gevernor of Mame, and not
by the Tinned States, as themiluia of Georgia, Ala-
bama, Tennessee, and other States, had been called
out. Mr. E then, with great earnestness, advo-
cated the bill
The bill was then, on motion of Mr. W.
THOMPSON, amended by restricting the sum to
#205,000
Mr. ATHERTON then moved an amendment to
cover the claims of New Hampshire for miUua
called out at Indian Stream.
Mr. SMITH of Mame objec ed to the amendment
as oat of order, for the reason that a bill was pend-
me before ihe House for the same purpose.
The CHAIR said it was substantially (he same
Mr. ATHERTON referred to a note accom-
panying the rule.
Mr SMITH asked if Mr. Athebton appealed
Mr. ATHERTON appealed, and argued in sup-
port of the appeal.
The question was then taken, and stood. Ayes
50, noes 40    No quorum voting.
Mr. ATHERTON insisted that the question
should be taken again.
Mr THOMPSON argued in favor of the ap-
peal.
Mr. VANDERPOEL took the sime ground.
When the question being put, the decision of the
Cium was sustained—ayes 72, noes 65.
Mr. LEWIS then moved an amendment to co-
ver the claim of Alabama for services of militia in
the late Creek war.
Mr. TRIPLETT inquired if the claim of Ala-
bama had been presented and reported on by any
committee.
Mr. LEWIS answered, the claim had not been
presented or n por ted on; he had not had an op-
portunity to present the claim, but the memorial
had been his possession many weeks The claim
he believed to stand upon the same footing as that
of Georgia, which had just been voted in
Mr. CRABB stated that the claim had been pre-
sented, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs many weeks aao,  but not repotted on.
The amendment was adopted—ayes 68, noes 53.
Mr. DODbrE ottered the following amendment,
Viz:
"For the payment of the Iowa militia, called into
service upon an order from the Governor, in ac-
cordasce with a requisition from the United States
Marshal, $14,000 "
Mr. DODGE said that, during the last summer,
in conformity with a resolution adopted by the
House of Representatives, the Secietary of War
had appointed Lteot. D. Ruggles, of the United
¡gtat-s army, to muster the Iowa militia, called in-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to service upon a requisition from the United States
marshal. That officer had performed the duty
which was thus assigned him, in a most gentleman-
ly and correct manner, (which Mr. D. knew from
his own personal knowledge,) and had made his
report to the Secretary of War, by %vhom it was
submitted to this House, and, on Mr. D's motion,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
That committee had pgreed upon a report, which
they had not, as yet, had an opportunity of present-
ing to the House, but with wh.ch he (Mr. D.) had
been furnished through the politeness of one ot Us
members, [Mr. Alien,] and which he would fend
to the Chair, that it might be read for information,
not doubling but that ¡Jje appropriation would be
willingly voted when members heard and fully un-
derstood the grounds upon which the claim was
pred cated.
The report having been read,
Mr THOMPSON of Souih Carolina said that he
had given his consent pn vately, that the report should
be brought into the House, but, nevertheless felt
himself bound to oppose the amendment as setting
a dangerous precedent in similar cas-es which migth
hereafter arise. Mr T conc'uded by expressing
his opinion that no necessity had existed for calling
out the mihtiaof Iowa, and that the Governor, in
doing so, had acted improperly.
Mr WISE strenuously advocated the amend-
ment, and said he would vote for it, because he
considered ihe appropriation asked tor to be just
and proper, and the account presented by the gen-
tleman from Iowa, mad« out in compliance with
existing laws He had always believed that the
Governor and people of the Territory were right
in the course which they hai pursued in relation f>
her boundary, and conceived that every fn nd of
Sta'e Riahts was bound to stand up for Iowa.
Mr. W rcmaiked that Iowa had started fair in
' support of Slate Rights; and he could not see how
th  gentleman from South Carolina, thorough-going
Nullifier as Mr was m other days, could oppose
the amendm°nt, for, it what he had heard was
true, that gentleman hid even patted little children
on the head because they were nullifiers. Now,
although he (Mr W ) was no nullifier, yet he
patted little *Iowa upon the head for res sting the
incursions of the armed force of the Slate of Mis-
souri
Mr. DODGE «aid that, although he had no dis-
position to protract this débale, he felt himself
bound to disabuse the minds of the committee, as
the gentleman from South Ca-olina [Mr Thomp-
son] had clearly intimated that the authorities in
Iowa had acted prematurely m this matter, and
had been th<> first to call out a military force.
Such (said Mr D ) was not 'he truth Iowa made
no display of milnary force until driven to it by an
unjust and unholy attempt upon the part of Mis-
souri to extend hei jurisdiction beyond Siilivan's
line—the line which Missouri had recognised, by
ihe m st solemn acts of legislation upon her own
part, for upwards of twenty years, as her true
northern boundary.
Mr. D. thanked God that Iowa had a Governor
(Robert Lucas) and a people who would stand up
for her rights when and wherever assailed Even
admitting, as the gen'leman from South Carolina
coitended, that the call on the mi'itia was illegal
and improper—which he (Vfr. D) could never
do—still it would be obligatory upon Congress to
pay the militia of Iowa, because they had acted in
obedience to the orders of the officers whom the
Government had placed over the people of the
Territory, <md whom they, as law-abiding citizens,
were bound to obey.
Sir, (said Mr D) this call was made upon us m
the midst of siQ'er, when the snow upon the ground
was. a foot in depth—to defend whai' Wb>,sr,
your tetntory, and maintain the boundaries which
you, the Congress of the United States, had assigned
to us in our organic act, and, s r, if our Governor
and people had acted otherwise than they did act,
it would have been a dereliction of duly upon
their part, for which they would have deserved the
reproach of every true-spirited American. A
thousand militiamen of the State of Missouri
were marched upon our line for  the purpose of
collecting taxes from us, and an attempt was even
made to possess themselves of one of the counties
of our Territory. And, sir, instead of being re-
proached by members of this body, ihe Governor
and people of Iowa deserve the thanks of Congress
for the prompt and manly manner in which they
shouldered their muskets to repel an insolent and
tyrannical invasion of their dearest rights and of
the laws of the United States.
Mr. D. concluded by expressing his sincere hope
that the House would make the appropriation,
which, it seemed to him, was demanded by every
principle of right and justice.
Mr. JAMESON rose to say that whenever the
quesuon of the boundary line between Missouri
and Iowa should come up before the House, hv
would pledge himself to show to any disinterested
person that the right of Missouri to the soil con-
tended lor was as e'ear as noon-day. He said he
felt constrained to say this much, lest silence on his
part might be construed into an acquiescence in the
views of the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. J. gave nonce that if the amendment just
proposed should be adopted, he would move one to
pay the milma of Missouri for similar services.
After some remarks by Messrs POPE, DAVIS
of Kentucky, and ALLEM of Ohio, m favor of the
amendment, and bv Messrs CA.MPBELL of
South Carolina, and UNDERWOOD m opposition
to it,                                             *
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was rejected
Mr. DOWNING then proposed an amendment
to cover claims for the services of militia of
Florida.
Mr JAMESON moved an amendment for the
benefit of volunte rs of Missouri who went to Flo-
rida «orne years ago.
The amendment* were voted down.
Mr EVANS moved that the commit'te rise and
report the bills acted on.
Mr. WHITE of Louisiana insisted on moving
an amendment to refund to Louisiana moneys paid
by her for her militia serving m the Florida war
several year  ago.
The amendment was r*"jecti-d.
The bill to refund the duties on the French &hip
Alexandre was then taken up, read, and ordered to
be reported to the House.
The bill of (his House concerning tonnage duties
on Spanish vessels was then taken up, read, and
ordered to be reported to the House.
The committee then rose and reported their pro-
ceedings.
The amendment of the Senate to ihe bill mak-
ing appropriations for the support of destitute Kick-
apoo Indians, &e. to which ihe Committee ot the
Whole reported their agreement, were then again
read, and all concurred in, except that for the relief
of Clements, Bryan and Company: On this the yeas
and nays were taken, and it was carried- yeas 99,
nays 58.
So the bill was finally passed, with Clements,
Bryan and Company included in it.
The bill to provide for (he payment of the militia
claims of the State of Maine then came up.          v
The previous question was then moved ani car-
ried.
And the question wis put on the amendment
making provision for the Georgia militia claims.
It was taken by yeas and nays, and resulted as
follow;. • For the amendment 80, against it 69.
The question was then also put on the amend-
ment making provision for the militia claims of
Alabama. Jt was taken by yeas and nays, and re-
sulted as follows: For the amsndment 41, against it
110
A motion was made to lay the bill on the table;
and the question being put, h was decided in the
negati>e- ayes 60, noes 73
The question on the third reading of the bill was
then put and carnea, ajes 92, noes 81
The bill was then read the thud time and
pa«sed.
THANKS TO SPEAKER HUNTER. *
Mr. BRIQGS <a,d he respectfully asked the at-
tention of the Hou s for one moment.   He rose to
offer the usual tribute of respect to the presiding
officer of this House.   For that purpose he would
