$30                                          CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
instructions relating to withholding from sale lands
OB the route of Said Miami canal, in the State of
Ohio, as alternate sectiens on said canal.
HORSES, &c. LOST IN INDIAN WARS.
Frota the War Department, with a long report of
the Third Auditor, m answer to a call of the Hotise
for a statement of the number of claims presented
for horses, &c. lost in the campaigns m Florida
against th« Indians, the number that have been al
lowed, and the reasons why the others have not
been allowed, as also, for similar information in
relation to claims growing out of the Black Hawk
Indian war.
Prom the War Department, with a report from
the Colonel of Topographical Engineers, furnish-
ing information required by the House in relation
to the sale of tools, &c used on the public works
on the great Northern and Western lakes.
MAIL ROUTES.
From the Post Office Department, with a list of
mail routes in operation on the 30th June, 1840, in
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia,
Florida, Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, Wiskon-
san, Iowa, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Alaba-
ma, Mississippi, Arkansas, and Louisiana, with di-
agrams delineating said routes, and distinguishing
them by their different grades of service. A simi-
lar report, covering the other Slates, was made to
the House en tve 97th January last The reports
show the amount of receipts of each office thereon
so far as the same has been ascertained, for the
year ending 30 h June, 1840, and the annual cost of
tarnsportation of each.
INDIAN SCHOOLS IN KENTUCKY
From the War Department, with a repoi t from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in answer to a
call of the House on the 31st December last, re-
specting the fulfilment of stipulations in the Choc-
taw treaty, made at Dancing Rafebit Creek, for the
support ef schools, which stipulations, it appears,
were executed by educating Indian youths at the
Great Crossings, in Scott county, Kentucky.
INDIAN DISBURSEMENTS.
From the Second Auditor of the Tieasury De-
partment, wilh copies of such accounts as have
been rendered by persons charged with the dis-
bursement or application of moneys, goods or
effects for the benefit of the Indian*, from 1st Oc-
tober, 1839, to 30th September, 1840, with a list of
the names of all persons to whom goods, moneys
or effects have been delivered withm the same
period—specifying the amount and object, the
amount accounted for, and the balance in the hands
of agents.
From this statement it appears that—
The whole amount drawn from  the  Treasury
during the year, and placed in the hands of
agents, was     -           -           -   #2132,141 32
Of which therehasbeen accounted for 1,710,433 00
Leaving unaccounted for      -      -   $421,708 32
COMMERCE AND NAVIGATION.
From the Treasury Department, accompanied
with a letter from the Register, stating that, owing
to the late day at which some of the returns have
been received, it is impossible to complete the
statements of the commerce and navigation of the
United States for the last year, in time to be re-
ported to Congress at the present session, and
suggesting that permission be obtained from Con-
gress that the statements, when finished, be placed
in the hands of the Secretary of ihe Senate aad the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, and printed
during the recess
The suggestion in the let er of the Register was
agreed to by the H^use, and, on motion of Mr J
&. ADAMS, ten thousand copies of the documents
were directed to be printed.
POST OSFtCE INCIDENTAL EXPENSES
From the Post Office Department, accompaiu'd
by a sjatement of the incidental expenses of the De-
partment for the year ending 30th June, 1340
Prom this statement it app-ars that t'iere was
paid during ihe year as follow^
For wrapping paper   -           -           -$17 502 52
For office furniture   -                              6,256 23
For advertising          -           -           .   38,792 24
For mail bags             ...   43,916 76
For blanks     ....   38,857 97
For locks, keys, and stamps   -           -   11,157 81
For depredations and mail agents      -   19,872 69
For clerks for offices -           -           - 214,789 80
Miscellaneous            -           -           -   49,629 83
Total          -           -            #440,775 05
Resolutions were here introduced fixing the pay
of the keeper of the stables of the House, the su-
perintendent of the folding room, and granting pay
to the postmaster of the House for extra services,
which, after some modifications and explanations,
were agreed to
Mr EVANS asked leave to move the following
resolution
"Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be di-
rected to furnish to such members of the present
House of Representatives as have not already re-
ceived them, such books as were furnished to the
members of the last House Provided, That this
resolution shall not be construed to authorize the
reprinung of any of said books."
The leave was objected to.
Mr EVANS then moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to offer the *ame, and on suspending
the rule? there were, ayes 114, noes 33
There being two thirds in favor of the motion,
the rulei were suspended
The resolution then came fully before the House,
and the previous question was mo\ed and second-
ed And the mam question, that is,, That the le-
siluiion do pas«, was put by yeas and ni)s, and
resulted as follows  yeas 89, nay  50
And *o the resolution was agreed to
On motion of Mr LINCOLN, all committees
were discharged from the business referred to them
The bill reported frc m the Committee of the
Whole to refund the duties improperly collected
on the French ship Alexandre, was taken up, read
the thud time, and passed, and returned to the Se-
na e
On motion by Mr KEIM, the bill from the Se-
nate "to amend ihe act entitled An act to amend
the act approved May 13, 1800, entitled an act to
amend an act entitled an act to establish the judi
cial rourts of the United States," was taken up,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed,  and returned to the Senate
The resolution from the Senate to appoint a
joint committee to wait on the President of the
United States, and notify him of the approach-
ing close of the session of Congress, was taken up,
read, and agreed to, and Mr. Vakderpoel and
Mr. Briggs were appointed of the committee on the
part of the House
Mr GRINNELL a ked leave to move the fol-
lowing resolution
"Resolved, That the Sergeant-at arms be directed
to settle with the members of Congress for the pre
sent session of the 26 h Congress at the rate ef $4
per diem, and in case any member has already re-
ceived more than at that rate, he be directed to re-
fund the same to the Sergeant-at-arms, for the use
and benefit of the Treasury of the United State
Mr DROMGOOLE objected
Mr GRINNELL moved to suspend the rules,
to enable him to offer the resolution The motion
was rejected.
Mr MALLORY of New York, from the Com-
mittee of Cla ms, obtained leave ti make reports
(adverse) on the cas<=s of Hopes el Hebb and
William Palms
Mr KEMBLE, from the Commit ee on Military
Affairs, ob'amed leiie to make a report (adverse)
on the petition of William Hawkm'
Mr. LEONARD asked Have to move a r^ olu-
tion to aathor ze the members having petiti ms to
present to hand them to the CI rk, with tb ir names
endorsed on the bict., and directing the Clerk to
enter sue1! on the journal as weie not exe'uded by
any rule of ti e House, and if any were handed in
which were exc.uded by the rules, to return them
at the next sess on
It was objpcted to
Mr UNDERWOOD asked that the resolution
from the Senate in relation to water-rotted hemp be
takes up.
Mr. STANLY said he had no object on, if the
gentleman from Kentucky did not mean to insinu-
ate that we should hereafter have more occasion for
hemp tlnn heretofore.
Mr UNDERWOOD did not mean to make any
such insinuation.
Mr STANLY    Then I do not object
Th" ques ían was put to suspend the rule?, in or-
der to take up that subject, and negatived
Mr CALVARY MORRIS asked leave to pre-
sent petitions, which was objected to
Mr LEET moved to suspend the rules in order
to muve a resolution similar, in all respects, to that
which Mr Leonard a few minutes before asked
leave to introduce, to author ze member  to hand
petitions to the Clerk.
The question was put, but the rules were not sus-
pended
Mr UNDERWOOD obtained leave to move a
resolution fixing the pay of Charles W. Steward
for cleaning the Hall, attending upon the Speaker,
&c
The resolution was agteed to unanimously.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing letter
March 3, 1841.
Sir: Last evening I received notice of my ap-
pointment as Judge of the United States for the
District of New Jersey. Therefore I resign my
seat as one of the Representatives from the State
of New Jersey in ihe 26 h Congress.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
PH   DICKERSON.
Mr PROFFIT objected to receiving the letter.
Some   conversation   took   place    between   the
SPEAKER and Mr PROFFIT  and other mem-
b r , when the  Speakeh withdrew the letter from
before the Hou e.
THE PERMANENT PRE EMPTION BILL
Mr. CASEY moved that the rules be suspended
to taKe up the bill from the Senate to establish a
system of general permanent pre-emption rights in
favor of occupants of the public lands.
Mr EVFRETT moved a call of the House.
Mr WISE said there was no occasion to call the
House, as there were more members present now
than could be kept m order.
Mr. STANLY Yes, and two hundred and
forty members of this House find it impossible to
keep one member, (Mr Wise,) in order.
The ayes and nays were taken on call, and there
appeared for the call 23, against it 114.
Mr. VANDERPOEL, from the jent committee
appointed to wait on the President, and inform him
that, unless he may have further communication to
make to Congress, the two Houses are about to
close the present session by an adjournment, re-
ported that the committee had discharged the du-
ties imposed upon them, that the President an-
swered that he had no further communication to
make; and that he wished the members a safe re-
turn their homes and famih s.
And then, at 12 o'clock at night, a motion was
made that the House adjourn.
And the question being put, it passed in the af-
firmative
A motion to adjourn havirg been made, the
Hon R M T HUNTER, Speaker, rose and
addressed t1 e Hou«e as follows
Gentlemen It is with the deepest sensibility
that I rise to return you my grateful acknowledg-
ments for all of your kindness, ere I perform ihe
last official act wh ch is to separate so many of us,
perhaps forever If it is no lig it thing, under any
Circumstanc s, to break up long standing associa-
tions, how much graver must be the emotions with
which we part from tho-e whimet us in confi-
dence, and take leave of us m kmd.es 1
A consciousness cfmy own deficiencies forces
me to attribute much of the high compliment
which you have offered re, to that courtesy which
re'ieves and soitens oar m'ercoui-se in the various
re atioi s of s cial and cfficai life. But may I
n t, at tie a ne t me, ascribe it, in part, t > your
sen e of tb° motive by which I have b en govern-
ed in the disehaige r f the duties of my oifi e? If I
have not done all that an able man would have ef-
