232                                             CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their foundations. But while this body shall
continue to be what by its framers it was designed
to be—deliberative in lis character.unbiassed in its
course, and independent in its action—then may h
berty be regarded as entrenched m safety behind
the sacred ramparts of the Constitation.
While I occupy this chair, Senators, I shall have
frequent occasion to invoke your indulgence for
my defects, and your charity for my errors. I am
but little skilled in parliamentary law, and have
been unused to preside over deliberative assem-
blies. All that I can urge m excuse for my defects
is, that I bring with me to this chair an earnest wish
to discharge properly its duties, and a fixed deter-
mination to pres de over your deliberations with
entire impartiality.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the creden-
tials of the Hob James P Moorehead, elected by
the Legislature of Kentucky a Senator from that
State for six years from the 4th of March instant,
which were read.
Mr. MOOREHEAD was then qualified, and took
his seat in the Senate.
On motion by Mr KING, the names of the Se-
nators whose credentials have been heretofore read,
were called over for the purpose oí being qualified,
and Mr. BATES of Massachusetts, Mr CLAY-
TON of Delaware, Mr FULTON of Arkansas,
Mr. BERRIEN of Georgia, Mr. MANGUM of
North Carolina, Mr MA6R0BERTS of Illinois,
Mr SIMMONS of Rhode Island, Mr WOOD-
BURY of New Hampshire, Mr BARROW cf
Louisiana, Mr. CALHOUN of South Carolina,
Mr. WALKER ot Mississippi, Mr MILLER of
New Jersey, Mr. EVANS of Maine, and Mr.
WOODBRIDGE of Michigan, severally took the
oath prescribed by the Constitution of the United
States.
General   WILLIAM   HENRY   HARRISON,
President of the United States elect, then entered
the Senate chamber with the Committee of Ar-
rangements, and was conducted to ths seat assigned A
for him, immediately m front of the Secretary's *
table.
At twelve o'clock, those assembled on the floor
of the Senate proceeded to the eastern portico of
the Capitol, m the following order.
The Marshal of the District of Columbia,
The Supreme Court of the United States,
The Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate,
The Committee of Arrangement,
The President elect, the Vice President, and Se-
cretary of ihe Senate,
The Members of the Senate,
The Diplomatic corps,
The Mayors of Washington, Georgetown, and
Alexandria, and ths other person* admitted to the
floor of the Senate.
On reaching the portico, the President elect
and Chief Justice Taney were conducted to
seats m front of a large platform erected for
the purpose, and those who followed is the proces-
sion having taken their seats, the President elect
rose and delivered the following
INAUGURAL ADDRESS.
Called from a retirement which I had supposed
was to continue for the residue of my life, to till
the Chief Executive office of this great and free na
lion, I appear beiore you, fellow citizens, to lake
the oaths which the Constitution prescribe-, as a
necessary qualification for the performance of its
du ie<. And in obedience to a custom coeval wnh
our Government, and '?hat I believe to be joar ex-
pectation*, I proceed to present to you a summary
of the principles which will govern me, in the dis-
charge of the duties which I -hall be called upon to
perform
It was the remark of a Roman Consul, m an
early period of that celebrated Republic, that a
most striking contrast wa<i observable m ihe con-
duct of candidates for offices of power and trust,
before and after obtaining them—they seldom car-
rying out m the latter case the p'edges and promises
made in the former.   However much the world
may have improved, in many respects, in the lapse
of upwards of two thousand years since the remark
was made by the virtuous and indignant Roman,
I fear that a strict examination of the annals of
some of the modern elective Governments, would
develope similar instances of violated confidence.
Although the fiat of the people has gone forth,
proclaiming me the Chief Magistrate of this glo-
rious Union, nothing upon their part remaining to
be done, it may be thought that a motive may exist
to keep up the delusion under which they may be
supposed to have acted in relation to my principles
and opinions, and perhaps there may be some m
this asssmbly who have come here either prepared
to condemn those I shall now deliver, or, approving
them, to doubt the sincerity with which they are
uttered But the lapse of a few months will con-
firm or dispel their fears The outline of principles
to govern, and measures to be ador ted, by an Ad-
ministration not yet begun, will soon be eichanged
for immutable history, and I shall stand, either
exonerated by my countrymen, or classed with the
mass of these who promised that ihey might de-
ceive, and flattered with the intention to betray.
However strong may be my present purpose to
realize the expeclations of a magnanimous and
confiding people, I too well understand the infirmi-
ties of human nature, and the dangerous temp'a-
tioas to which I shall be exposed, from the magni.
tude of the power which it has been the pleasure of
the people to commit to my hands, not io place my
chief confidence upon the aid of that Almighty Pow-
er which has hitherto protected me, and enab'ed
me to bring to favoiable issues other important, bu'
still greatly Inferior trusts, heiuofore confided to
me by my country
The broad foundation upon which our Constitu-
tions rtsts, being the people—a breath of lh-irs
having made, as a breath can unmake, change, or
modify it—it can be assigned to none of the great
divisions of Government but to that of Democra-
cy If such is lis theory, those who are called up-
on to administer it must recognise, as its leading
pnnop'e, the duty of shaping their measures so as
. to produce the greatest good to the greatest number
But, wnh these broad admissions, if we would
t compare the sovereignty acknowledged to exist in
the mass of our people with the power claimed by
other sovereignties, even by ihose which have been
considered most purely Democratic, we shall find a
most essential difference All others lay claim to
power limited only by their own will. The majori-
ty of our citizens, on the contrary, possess a so-
vereignty with an amount of power precisely equal
to that which has been granted to them by the par-
ties tu the national compact, and nothing beyond.
We admit of no Government by Divine right—be-
lieving that, so far as power is conceded, ihe bene-
ficient Creator has made no distinction amongst
njfn, that all are upon an equality, and that the on-
ly legitimate right to govern, is an express grant of
power from the governed. The Constitution of
the United States is the instrument containing this'
grant of power to the several departments com-
posing the Government. On an examination
of that instrument, it will be found to contain de-
clarations of power granted, and of power with-
held The latter is also susceptible of division, in-
to power which the majority had the right to grant,
but which they did not think proper 10 intrust to
their agents, and that which they could not have
granted, not being possessed by ihem«elves In
other words, thee are ceitan rights possessed by
each individnal Amenean citizen, which, in his
compact with the others, he his nevfr surrender
ed. Some of them, .nde d, he is unable to sur-
render, being, m the language of o ir system, una-
lienable
The boasted privilege of a Roman citiz>n was to
him a shieU only against a petty provincial ruler,
whilst the proud democrat of Athens could console
himself under a sentence of death, for a supposed
violation of the national faith.wbich no one under-
stood, and which at times was the subject of the
mockery of all, or of bamshmrnt from his home,
his family, and his country, wnh or without an al-
leged cau e, that it was the act, not of a single ty-
rant, or ha ed aristocracy, but of his assembled
countrymen, Far different is ihe power of our sove-
reignty It can interfere with no one's faith,
prescribe ferms of worship for no one'a observance,
lBflict no punishment but after well ascertained
guilt, the result of investigation under rules pre-
scribed by the Constitution itself. These precious
privileges, and those scarcely less important, of
giving expression to his thoughts and opinions,
either by writing or speaking, unrestrained but by
the liability for injury to others, and that of a full
participation in all the advantages which flow from
the Government, the acknowledged property of all,
the American citizen derives from no charter granted
by his fellow man. He claims them because he is
himself a man, fashioned by the same Almighty
hand as the rest of his species, and entitled to a full
share of the blessings with shich he has endowed
them
Notwithstanding the limited sovereignty pos-
sessed by the people of the United States, and the
restricted grant of power to the Government which
they have rdopted, enough has been given to ac-
complish all the objects for which it was created.
It has been found powerful in war, and hitherto,
justice has been administered, an intimate union
effected, domestic tranquillity preserved, and per-
sonal liberty secured to the citizen. As was to be
expected, however, from the defect of language,
and the necessarily sen'entious manner in which
the Constitution is written, disputes have arisen as
to the amount of power which it has actually
granted, or was intended to grant. This is more
particularly the case in relation to that part of the
instrument which treats of the legislative branch.
And not only as regards the exercise of powers
claimed under a general clause, giving that body
the authority to pas- all laws necessary to carry
into effect the specified powers, but in relation to
the latter also It is, however, consolatory to re-
flect, that most of the instances of alleged depar-
ture from tne letter or spirit of the Constitution,
have ultimately received the sanction of a majority
of the people. And the fact, that many of our
s'atesmen, most distingu shed for talent and patrio-
tism, have been, at one time or other of their po-
litical career, on both sides of each of the most
warmly disputed questions, forces upon us the in-
ference that ihe errors.if errors there were, are
attributable to the intrinsic difficulty, in many in-
stances, of ascertaining the intentions of the framers
of the Constitution, rather than the influence of
any sinister or unpatriotic motive.
But the great danger to our institutions does not
appear io me to be in a usurpation, by the Govern-
ment, of power not granted by the people, but by
the accumulation, in one of the departments, of
that whicn was assigned to others. Limited as are
the powers which have been granted, still enough
have been granted to constitute a despotism, if con-
centrated in one of the departments. This danger
is grea'ly heightened, as it has been alwa}s obser-
vable that men are less jealous of encroachments
of one department upon another, than upon their
own re-.erved rights.
When the Constitution of the United States first
came from the hands of th<¡ Convention which
formed it, many of the sternest republicans of the
day were alarmed at the extent of the power wh ch
had been granted to the Federal Government, and
more particularly of that portion which had been
assigned to the Executive branch Tdere were in
it features which appeared not to be m harmony
with their ideas of a simple representative Demo-
cracy, or Republic And knowing the tendency of
power to increase il-elf, parncularly when exer-
c sed by a smgla individual, predictions were made
that, at no very remote period, the Government
would terminate in virtual monarchy It would
not become me to say that the fears of these patri-
ots have been already leihzed Bu', as I sin-
cerely believe, that the tendency of measure?, and
ef men's opinions, for some years past, ha^ been in
thst direction, it is, I conceive, strictly proper that
I should take ihis occasion to repeat he assurances
I have heretofore given of ra? determination to ar-
rest the pr< gre s c f that tendenc) , if it really exists,
and restore the Government to its pristine health
and vigrr, as far as this can be effee'ed by any
legitimate ex rci-e of the power placed in my hands.
I proceed to state, in as summary a manner as I
