CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
buted. And it is owing to the absence of that
spirit that the Helvetic confederacy Ras for so ma-
ny years been preserved. Never has there been
seen in the institutions of the separate members of
any confederacy more elements of discord. In the
principles and forms of government and rebg on,
as well as in iha circums anees of the several can-
tons, so marked a discrepance was observable, as
to promise any thing but harmony in their inter-
course or permanency in their alliance. And yet,
for ages, neither has beea interrupted. Content
with the positive benefits which their union pro-
duced, with the independence and safety from fo-
reign aggression which it secured, these sagacious
people respected the institutions of each other,
however repugnant to their own principles and pre-
judices.
Oar Confederacy, fellow-cit:zens, can only be
preserved by the same forbearance. Our citizens
must be content with the exercise of the powers
with which the Cottstitu'ion clothes them. The at-
tempt of those of one State to control the do-
mestic institutions of another, can only result in
feelings of distrust and jealousy, the certain har-
bingers of disunion, violence, civil war, and the
ultimate destruction of our free institutions, Our
Confederacy is perfectly illustrated by the terms
and principles governing a common copartnership.
There a fund of power is to be exercised under
the direction of the joint councils of the allied
members, but that which has been reserved by the
individual members is intangible to the common
Government or the individual members composing
it. To attempt it finds no support in the principles
of our Constitution. It should be our constant
and earnest endeavor mutually to cultivate a spirit
of concord and harmony among the various parts
of our Confederacy. Experience has abundantly
taught us that the agitation by citizens of one part
of the Union of a subject not confided to the Gene-
ral Government, but exclusively under the guar-
dianship of the local authorities, isproductive of no
other consequences than bitternest, alienation, d'S-
cord, and injury to the very cause which is in-
tended to be advanced. Of all the great interests
which appertain to our country, that of union,
cordial, confiding, fraternal union, is by far the
most important, since it is the only true and sure
guarantee of all others.
In consequence of the embarrassed state of busi-
ness and the currency, sotr.e of the States may
meet with difficulty in their financial concerns.
However deeply we may regret any thing impru-
dent or excessive in the engagements into which
States have entered for purposes of their own, it
does not become us to disparage the State Go-
vernments, nor to discourage them from making
proper efforts for their own relief; on the contrary,
it is our duty to encourage them, to the extent of
our constitutional authority, to apply their best
means, and cheerfully to make all necessary sacri-
fices, and submit to all necessary burdens to fulfil
their engagements and maintain their credii; for
the character and credit of the several States form
part ef the character and credit of the whole coun-
try. The resources of the country are abundant,
the enterprise and activity of eur people proverbial;
and we may well hope that wise legislation and
prudent administration, by the respective Govern-
ments, each acting within its own sphere, will re-
store former prosperity.
Unpleasant and even dangerous as collisions may
sometimes be, between the constituted authorities or
the citizens of our country, in relation to the lines
which separate their respective jurisdictions, the
re&ults can be of no vital injury to our institutions,
if that ardent patriotism, that devoted attachment
to liberty, that spirit of moderation and forbear-
ance, tor which cur countrymen were once distin-
guished, continue to be cherkhed. If this conti-
nues to be the tilling passion of our souls, the
weaker feelings of the mistaken enthusiast will be
coirected, the Eutopian dreams of the scheming po-
litician di'sipaled, and the complicated intrigues of
the demagogue rendered harmless. The spirit of
liberty is the sovereign bí¡m for every injury which
our insti ut.ons may receive. On ihe contrary, no
care that can be used in the construction of our
Governraewv, nu umsiun 01 powers, no distribution
of checks in its several departments, will prove ef-
fectual to keep us a free people, if this spirit is
suffered to decay—and decay it will, without con-
stant nurture. To the neglect of this duty, the
best historians agree in attributing the ruin of all
the Republics with whose existence and fall
their writings have made us acquainted. The
same causes will ever produce the same ef-
fects; and as long as the love of power is a do-
minant passion of the human bosom, and as long as
the understandings of men can be warped and
their affections changed by operations upon their
passions and prejudices, so long will the liberty of
a people depend on their own constant attention to
its preservation. The danger to all well established
free Governments arises from the unwillingness ®f
the people to believe in its existence, or from the
influence of designing men, diverting their atten-
tion from the quarter whence it approaches, to a
source from which it can never come. This is the
old trick of those who would usurp the Govern-
ment of their country. In the name of Demo-
cracy they speak, warning the people against the
influence of wealth and the danger of aristocracy.
History, ancient and modern, is full of such px-
examples. Csesar became the master of the Ro-
man people and the Senate under the pretence of
supporting the Democratic claims of the former
against the aristocracy of the latter; Cromwell, in
the character of protector of the liberties of the peo-
ple, became the dictator of England; and Bolivar
po-sjssed himself of unlimitad power, with the
title of his country's Liberator. There is, on the
contrary, no single instance on record of an exten-
sive and well established Republic being changed
into an aristocracy. The tendencies of all such
Governments in their decline is to monarchy; and
the antagonist principle to liberty there is the
spirit of faction—a spirit which assumes the cha-
racter, and, in times of great excitement, imposes
itself upon the people as the genuine spirit of
freedora, and like the false Christs whose coming
was foretold by the Saviour, seeks to, and were it
possible would, impose upon the true and most
faithful disciples of liberty. It is in periods like this
that it behooves ihe people to be most watchful of
those to whom they have intrusted power. And
although there is at times much difficulty in dis-
tinguishing the false from the true spirit, a calm
and dispassionate irwrestigation will detect the
counterfeit as well by the character of its operations,
as the results that are produced. The true spirit of
liberty, although devoted, persevering, bold, and un-
compromising in principle, that secured, is mild and
tolerant and scrupulous as to the means it emp'oys;
whilst the spirit of party, assuming to be that of
liberty, is harsh, vindictive, and intolerant, and to-
tally reckless as to the character of the allies which
it brings to the aid of its cause. When the genu-
ine spirit of liberty animates the body of a people
to a thorough examinad' n of their affairs, it leads
to the excision of every excrescence which may
have fastened itself upon any of the Departments
of the Government, and restores the system to its
pristine health and beauty. But the reign of an
intolerant spirit of party amongst a free people,
seldom fails to result in a dangerous accession to
the Executive power introduced and established
amidst unusual professions of devotion to Demo-
cracy.
The foregoing remarks relate almost exclusively
to matters connected wilh our domestic concerns.
It may be proper, however, that I should give
iome indications to my fellow-citizens of my pro-
pos ed course of conduct in the management of our
foreign relations. I assure them, therefore, lhat it
is my intention to use every means in my power to
preserve the friendly intercourse which now so
happily subsists with every foreign nation; and
that, although, of course, not well informed as to
the stale of any pending negotiations wilh any of
them, I see in the personal characters of the Sove-
reigns, as well as m the mutual interest of our
own and of the Governments with which our rela-
tions are most intimate, a plessing guarantee that
the harmony so important to the interests of their
subjects, as well as our citizens, will not be inter-
rupted by the advancement of any claim, or pre-
tension upon their part to which our honor would
not permüus to yield. JLong the defender of my
country's lights in the field, I trust that my fellow-
citizens win not see in my earnest desire to pre-
serve peace with foreign powers any indication
that their rights will ever be sacrificed, or the ho-
nor of the nation tarnished, by any admission-on
the part of their Chief Magistrate unworthy of
their former glory.                                              ' .
In our intercourse with our Aboriginal neighbors
the same liberality and justice, which marked the
course prescribed to rae by two of my illustrious*
predecessors when acting under their direction in
the discharge of the duties of Superintendent and
Commissioner, shall be strictly observed. I can
conceive of no more sublime spectacle—none more
likely to propitiate an impartial and common Crea-
tor, than a rigid adherence to the principles of jus-
tice on the part of a powerful nation in its transac-
tions with a weaker and uncivilized people, whom
circumstances have placed at its disposal.
Before concluding, fellow citizens, I must say
something to you on the subject of the parties at
this time existing in our country.   To me it ap-
pears perfectly clear, that the interest of that coun-
try requires that the violence of the spirit by which
those parties are at this time governed, must be
greatly mitigated, if not entirely extinguished, or
consequences will ensue which are appalling to be
thought of.   If parties in a Republic are necessary
to secure a degree of vigilance sufficient to keep
the public functionaries within the bounds of law
and duty, at that point their usefulness ends.   Be-
yond that, they become destructive of public vir-
ture, the parents of a spirit antagonist to that of
liberty, and, eventually, its  inevitable  conqueror.
We have examples of Republics, where the love of
country and of Hbeity, at one time, were the domi-
nant pasnions of the whole mass of citizens.    And
yet, with  the continuance of the name and forms
of free Government, not a vestige of these qualities
remaining in the bosom of any one its citizens.   It
was the beautiful remark of a distinguished Eng-
lish writer that "in the Roman Senate, Octavius
had  a  party, and Antony a party, but the Com-
monwealth  had   none."    Yet   the Senate con-
tinued to meet in the Temple of Liberty, to talk of
the sacredness and beauty of the Commonwealth,
and gaze at the statues of the elder Brutus and of
the Curtii and Decii.   And the people assembler!
in the forum, not as in the days of Camillas and
the Scipios, to cast their free votes for annual ma-
gistrates or pass upon the acts of the Senate, but
to receive from the hands of the leaders of the re-
spective parties their share of the spoils, and to
shout for one or the other as those collected in
Gaul or Egypt and the Less-r Asia, would furnish
the largec'dividend.   The spirit of liberty had fled,
and, avoiding the abodes of civilized man, had'
sought protection in the wilds of Scythia or Scan-
dinavia; and so, under the operation of the same
causes and influences, it will fly from our Capitol
and our forums.   A calamity so awful, not only to
our country but to the world, must be deprecated
by every patriot; and every tendency to a state of
things likely to produce it immediately checked.
Such a tendency has existed—docs exist.    Always
the friend of my countrymen, never their flatterer,
it becomes my duty to say to them from  this high
place to which their partiality has exalted me, that
there exists in the Isnd a spirit hostile to their best
interests—hostile to liberty itself.    It is a spirit con-
tracted in its views,' relfish in it* object.   It looks
to the  aggrandisement o'' a  few, even to the de-
struction   of   the. interest   of  the  whole.     The
entire remedy  is wilh  the psople.     Something,
however, may  be effected by the means which
they have placed in my hands.   It is union that
we want, not of a party for the sake of that party,
but a union  of the who'e country for the sake of
the whole country—for the defence of its interests
and us honor against foreign aggression, for the de-
fence of those principles for which our ancestors so
gloriously contended.   As far as it depends upon
me, it shall be accomplished.    All the influence
that I possess, shall.be exerted to prevent the for-
mation at least of an Executive party in the halls
of the legislative body.    I  wi¿h for the support of
no member of that body to any measure of mine
that does not satisfy his judgment and his sense o,f
