240
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resolution of Congress, in case the elected Printer
sheoldfail to perform his duty.
Trus joint resolution was conceived in great wis-
dom. What was the case before its adoption? Con-
gress met—printing was immediately required, and
the Clerk was authorized to employ the Printer; but
the Printer was not prepared, and could not be pre-
pared immediately with his paper, materials, and
hands to perform the work. Great delay and de-
fects in the execution of the printing were the in-
evitable consequence; aad, iñ order to remedy these
evils, the joint resoluuon was passed.
Bat suppose we should admit, for the sake of the
argument, that Blair and Rives were officers of the
Senate—would this benefit the Senators in the
slightest degree? He apprehended not. Could not
the Senate enter into a contract with lis own offi-
cers which would be binding upon if? He should
be glad to hear any argument to prove that it could
not. Let us, ihen,suppose that the joint resolution
had declared, m specific terms, that the Printers
elected under it should be officers of the Senate:
would such a declaration authorize the Senate to
violate its own solemn contract with these officer?
This was the position which gentlemen must esta-
blish, or they must fail in. their argument. The re-
soluuon having expressly declared that the persons
elected should have the printing of the Senate
throughout the whole of the next Congress, and hav-
ing required them to give a bond with sureties faith-
fully to execute the work during that period, could
the Senate now, by dismissing tnem, even if they
were officers, relieve itseir from the obligation of
the contract, which, by its terms, was to continue
until the termination of the next Congress? No,
sir; this contract stood firm, and would endure as
long as the Constitution of the country shall re-
main m force. No human power could rightfully
annihilate its binding obligation. He would pledge
his whole fortune that such would be the decision,
could this plain, simple question be submitted, even
without a word of argument, to the tribunal now
in session below us, (the Supreme Court ) Gentle-
men, therefore, would not gain their point by prov-
ing, if they could, that Blair and Rives wero officers
of the Señale
Senators had contended that one Senate or one
Congress had no right to elect officei'for their suc-
cessors; and that, therefore, the joint resolution vi-
olated the Constitution, because it gave the election
of a Printer for the next St na e to that which had
expired on the third of March. This was as strange
a position as any which had been assumed through-
out the argument. An old Senate and a new Se-
nate! There could be no new Senate. This was
the very same body, constitutionally, and m point of
law, which had assembled on the lust day if its
meeting, in 1789. It had existed without any inter-
mission, from that day until the present moment,
and would continue to exist as long as the Govern-
ment should endure It was ernpbaucally a per-
manent body. Its miss were permanent, and weie
not adopted from Congress to Congress, like thoje
of the House of Representatives. For many years
after the commencement ot the Government, its Se-
cretary was a permanent officer, though our ru es
now required that he should be elected at stated in-
tervals. The Senate always had a President, and
there were always two-thirds of i's actual members
in existence, and generally a much greater numbtr.
It would be useless to labor this question. Every
writer, without exception, who had feated on
the subject, bad declared the Senate to bi> a
permanent b dy. It never dies, and it was
the sheet-snehor of the Constitution, on ac-
count of its permanency. Senators were thus de
pnved of the poor apology that one Senate had no
right to bind its successor^. Here, then, we bad
the spectacle presented of the Senate, m all ihe
forms of law, bM two weeks ago having elected an
offictr, it Senates would have the firm of Blair
a d Rives tnus called, and now dism ssmg that
officer, and annulling their own solemn contrae,
which, by us express terms, wa. to endure for two
years If such things could be done—if th s, body
of high and commanding mluence thtoughout the
country, could thus set aside us contracts, and that
at a period when too stroig a disposition already
existed in the public mud to disregard the faith of
contracts, Heaven- only could foresee what might
be tne disastrous results. The force of our evil
example would be felt throughout the Union; and
if we sanctioned the principle, that no contract
could be binding on us, it was one which would be
carried out m practice by other legislative bodies.
Let him beseech Senators to pause and reflect
upon the tremendous consequences which might
probably lesult from the adoption of the resolution.
Once establish the principle that this body can ex-
ercise the power of violating a solemn contract,
into which they had deliberately entered, and what
would become of the country? Did it not at once
sanction the principle in Ks fullest extent, which
had been falsely attributed to the party to which he
belonged, that a succeeding Legislature had a right
to repeal the contracts entered into by a preceding
Legislature The principle on which this resolu-
tion was based, would completely justify Governor
M'Nu(t m his outrageous attempt to annul the bondi
of the State of Mississippi. The principle which
lay at the root of both cases was precisely the same,
and the violation of faith in both cases would be
similar. Blair and Rives, by virtue of a solemn
contract, had a vested right to perform the printing
of the Senate for two years, and to receive the
price fixed by law for their work, and if ws could
now nullify this vested right, and release ourselves
irom the obligation of our contract, neither Missis-
sippi nor any other State in the Union was obliged
to pay its debts. IÍ the Senate could not be sued,
neither could the State be. In this respect, they
both stood upon the same footing. A regard for
public faith, and that alone, could bind either of
them to the performance of then contracts.
But did Senators not perceive what a daugerous
example they would set to ns by violating this con-
tract, and dismissing Blair and Rives fiom bemg
Printers to the Senate? The signs of Ihe times
plainly indicated that it was their intention to char-
ter a Bank of the United States, if they could, at
the special session Now, sir, the Democratic Se
nators firmly believe that Congress have no power
under the Constitution to establish such a Bank
Suppose, then, we should imitate their example, and
refuse to vote upon the question, at the same time
declaring to the woild our fixed purpose to repeal
the charter at the very first moment the Democracy
ot the country shall be agam tnumphant: would
they not consider this conduct revolutionary? And
yet it would only be pursuing the very course which
tnty have pointed out to us, in refusing to vote at
the election of Printer, and declaring that they
would remove Blair and Rives, and deprive
them of their contract, at the very first
moment they should attain the majority. Will not
their conduct settle this pnnciple, if any precedent
could sanction such a measure, that, believing a
Bank of the United States to be unconstitutional,
we shall be perfectly justified in refusing to vote on
the question, and in giving notice to the world of
our fixed determination to repeal the charter the
very moment we have the power' The one act
would be no gieater violation of pledged faith and
of vested rights than the other. And if we should
pui-.ue this course, no Bank of the United States
could be established. No capitalist, foieign or do-
mestic, could be induced to advance his money for
stock m this Brink, knowing that the charter would
be repealed a" soon as a change should be effected
m the administration of the Government
The Senator from Missouri (Mr Bfnton) had,
some years aco, proposed to repeal the joint reso-
lution of 1319. This was the only constitutional
moc'e of ge'ting char of it. He was informed
that at that time the Senator from South Carolina
(Mr. Pkeston) bad earnestly opposed this repeal
He thus gave conclusive evidence that he did not
then consider it a violation of the Constitution.
What bad sii-ce changed his opinion, he (Mr. B )
could only conjectute. But no repeal of it could
now divert the existing rights of B'atr and Rives.
Neither the pov"er of the Senate, nor of the whole
Government, nor any human power which ex-
isted id 'las land, could violate tin, contract with-
out the consent of the parties to be injured by such
a violation Just as certain as they had a futuri-
ty before them, the day would arrive, if Blair and
Rives should be deprived of the benefit of their
contract, when they would be fully indemnified for
every loss which they might sustain. That day
would speedily come, if undei the Constitution it
were now in their power to bring a suit against the
Senate of the United States.
. He had ever held, and trusted he should ever
bold, that contracts were sacred and inviolable, and
he hoped that his party feelings might never carry
him so far as to trample on the rights of any mdi
vidual. He was, therefore, opposed to doing exe-
cution on Blair and Rives.
Mr. BAYARD said, in the course of this debate,
objections to this proceeding had been placed on
three grourds The first was, that thtre was no
power in this body, as now assembled, to go into
this business and pass this resolution; it being as-
sumed that they were there assembled m a jiart cu-
lar capacity, which precluded the exercise of their
other iunctions. The next greund was, that the
Printer was not an officer of this body. And the
thud, that if he were an officer of the body, a con-
tract had been made with him, which they had not
the power to rescind. These were the principal
grounds. The Senator from Pennsylvania had
made an addition in relation to the character of
this body, which seemed to him to go the whole
length of the subject—that this was a permanent
body—the same which came into existence on the
4th of March, 1789, and had continued from that
day to this, and must continue m a 1 tímelas long
as the Government enduied, and the respective
State Legislatures shall perform their duty. Now,
this Senate being so deemed a perpetual body, was
vested with certain inherent rights. What were
they' They were either absolute or relative, and,
whether the one or the other, they belonged to the
body at all tunes, and were to be exercised when
proper circumstances presented themselves. There
was no such artificial classification, as the Senator
supposed, el Leg slative, Executive, and Judicial
functions It was a body ves>ed with lights wh eh,
though 'hey sometimes might be dormant, always
existed, were to be exercised as soon as a proper cas.e
was piesented. Now, as a part rf the absolute
rights of this body, was the right to judge of the
election returns and the qualification* of its mem-
bers. There was no question that this body could
do this, whenever it was properly assembled; and
the only question to arise was, whether the
body was properly a sembled, in the proper place,
and under the proper authority. Another absolute
right was, by a majority of its own number, to de-
cide on any ordinary question. Another was, to
make rules and regulations for its own govern-
ment. Another was, to expel any member by a
vote of two-thirds of the body, and another was, to
elect its own officers. AH these rights had no rela-
tion whatever to any other department of Govern-
ment they were inherent and absolute rights,
which might be exercised when the Senate was
properly convened. They could not voluntarily
assemble in the city of Philadelphia, they could not
by common consent assemble at any time they
thought proper, to do this act, but when they were
assembled, these were inherent and absolute rights,
to be exercised beyond all controversy, and beyond
all dispute Now, what were the rights of the body?
Why, they were delegated rights, when a cession of
Congress takes place, and they were acting in a le-
gislative capacity What xvas Congress? It was
a thing having a definite commencement and con-
cluí in. Tnis must occur once a year—the Con-
stitution says on the first Monday m December; bat
if the President thought proper, Congress might as-
semble whcncvei occasion shou'd arise in which
they might exercise their functions; and when
they were assen-bled in Congress, and these
inherent asd re'ative rights exist, did that
prevent the exercise ef their absolute and inherent
rights? Ought they not elect their oil cers and turn
out membeis that may have misbehaved them-
selves?_ Well, then, there were other relative rights.
The Senate was called the treaty-making power
and the appointing power. He did not know whe-
ther the phraseology was con set; but this was when
properly assembled, whether in session of Congress
or at any other time wnea ine Mouse was not in
session, and when they could have no session of
Congress.    He thought it must be apparent to
