COflTORESSlOflTAIL &LOBE.
-■■'■'■'■     '               '          .......:               ■ ■                           ...       ,    _                       ,                                ,        —                          |                 __________|______^_JX-
26th Cong..........2nd Sess.___________________MONDAY, MARCH 22, 1841.________________     Volume 9...........No. 16.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.                                         ----------WEEKLY----------                               PRICE 91   PER SESSION.
Continued from .Afo. 15.
every one, that this Senate possesses the absolate,
inherent right to elect its own efficers, at any time
when lawfully assembled, without reference to any
other case, when it might be called on to exercise
its relanve rights. That being true, was the Printer
an officer of the Senate? The Senator from Ala-
bama said it was not an office, nor was the Printer
an officer of the Senate, or that he was not more
than a quasi officer. He (Mr Bayard) confessed
he did not well understand how he could be a quasi
officer. He had heard of a quasi corporation—a
body possessing some of the attributes of a corpo-
ration, but wanting others—but he had never heard
of a quasi officer. If there were quasi officers,
they must be officers with the name, but with-
out     employment-----officers     having    sinecures.
Now, what was an employment or of-
fice'? He would quote from an autho-
rity, which was perhaps the best extant. Web-
ster's Dictionary thus defines the word officer "An
officer is one who executes an office of some Ttina
Office, a particular duty, charge, or trust conferred by
public authority, and for a public purpose; employ-
ment taken by commission from Government, and
those who administer it " It might also be a duty
or raiployment of a private nature It was an
employment, but office was a more dignified name
Did any one say the Printer was not an employ-
ment? If he had no employment, he (Mi. Bay-
ard) would agree with the Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Clay,] that he was a quasi officer, but if he
had an employment—if he were entrusted with the
printing of all their documents,and their confidential
documents, too, he thought the Senator from Penn-
sylvania would have some difficulty in showing that
he was not an officer of the Senate. He was employed
by the Senate, he was paid out of the contingent
fund; his work was of a confidential character, for
he had the printing oí all their treaties and yet he
was no officer of the Senate1 Why, what did he
do? Why, by meani of his types, precisely what
their Secretary did. He transcribed—he was a
copying clerk, and nothing more noi less. By the
intervention of his tj pes and his press he did what
their Secretary did with mspen,he transcribed their
documents and journals, and furnished them with a
certain number of copies. How was he paid' Out
of the contingent fund. How was he elected'2 By
the body. And yet the Senator from Penasylvama
(Mr. Buchanan) said he was no officer, and the Se-
nator from Alabama (Mr. Clay) says a quasi officer.
That brought him to the last proposition, which
is, it is a contract. If ,it was a contract, he should
be the last man in the Senate to violate it. What
sort of a contract was it? A contract which car-
ried tn gremio the principle of its dissolution—a
contract made with an officer who holds his office
at the will ef the Senate He should like to know
whether the employment of any officer was not a
contract? It belonged to this class of contracts—
"after you have performed the work, I will pay
you." There was the contract, and in accepting
an office, which is itself an office at will, the person
accepted it with this consideration—that he could
be removed at any moment. It was a parliamen-
tary office, and all such were oí will. No principle
was better understoed than that all parliamentary
officers are at will. AH were at will. The Speaker
of the House of Representatives was at will—they
might remove him. D.d not our collectors, dis-
trict attorneys, and marshals, hold their office tor
a period of jears, and yet with a defeasible con-
dition?
And what difference did the bond make? Did
not their Clerk give bond? And yet was he not re-
movable? This was the effect and operation of
the bond—simply, inasmuch as they were charged
with a very important duty, that they perform the
duty with fidelity, as long as they remain in office.
That was all.   There was the limitation of it.   It
was in the nature of things, that if an officer holds
his office at will, the same condition goes with the
contract. He takes it, subject to the necessary re-
striction. What, then, was the contract? We will
employ you so long as agreeable for us, and pay
you at a certain rate And what did the other
party say? I will do it at this rate—subject to your
wish or refusal. There wa* the contract, and the
whole contract.
The honorable Senator said, this was a most ex-
traordinary proceeding. He thought not. They
had full warning in relation to this matter.
Did we not tell taem then (continued Mr. B.)
that they were doing what they had no
right to do, and, the moment we had the
power, we should correct it? Did they suppose
we would suffer a mere partisan to be chosen, and
thrown on us, for whom we were going to provide
the means of support? We undertook to show a'
the time that there was no right to eject in this
manner. Tney would do it, when they had but five
or six days to remain in power. We gave them
full warning that we sh«uld dismiss their officers
who hold their office at will. It was an exercise of
mere power, and we should submit no longer than
we were compelled to. It was an abuse of power.
Was it to execute the current work of the day that
he was appointed? By the terms of that resolution I
it was a prospective appointment—it was uudei-
takmg to give them a Printer for the 27th Con
gress—to anticipate this matter, and, so for two
years to come, we should be compelled thus to sup-
port a mere part'san editor, a paper that had be°n
extremely wanton in its course, dealing in a foul
species of detraction, both as to individuals and
characters and members of the party.
It was an abuse of power on their pari, aed tho
party now in power would use it in correcting this,
at least, so far as hts vote went.
Mr. BENTON said there was a question con-
nected with this case which was preliminary to the
question under di cuss on, and wjnch he wished to
put on record. It was the question of power; and,
for the purpose of presenting that, and making it
part of the debate, he offered this as an amend-
ment to the whole resolution, after the word "Re-
solved-'"
"That Blair and Rives having been duly elec ed
Printers to the S*nate, during the late session of
Congress, under the joint resolution of the two
Houses, providing for the election of printers in
Congress, and the Senate having acted with open
doors and in its legislative character, in making
the election, it is not now competent for the Senate
acting alone in its executive characiet, to an-
nul the election, and thereby divest the rights which
Blatr and Rives may have acquired frem that elec-
lon, and the contract resulting from it."
He intended to lay open the whole ground; and
he would call for the ayes and noes therecn.
The ayes and noe^ were ordered.
Mr. BUCHANAN would say a few words in re-
ply to the Senator from Delaware, [Mr Bayard.]
That Senator had still contended that the Printer
was an officer of the Senate. He should not again
argue that question, because he believed be had
shown conclusively that the Pnnter was not such
an officer. The Senator had compared our Printer
with the collector oí the customs at New York, or
tbe Secretary of the Senate here, both of whom
might be removed at pleasure, and bad contended
that the cases were parallel He would not now
stop to point out the vast difference between them,
but would confine himself to asking the Senator a
single ques'ion Had not the Senate, if such were
their plea*ure, a right to make a contract with a
mechanic, be he an officer or not an officer, and
bind themselves to perform it on their part during
the period of two years? And if they had a right to
en'er into such a contract, have tbey any constitu-
tional power to nullify it at the end of two weeks,
by dismissing the officer, against his will, with whom
they had thus contracted?
Mr BAYARD said, unquestionably, th&5enate
might enter into a contract, but all the terms of the
contract must be considered. Part of the terms of
this contract was, that it was defeasible in its own
nature. But if the office be held at will, the ingre-
dient was incorporated into the contract itself, and
therefore it was defeasible at any time.
Mr. BUCHANAN continued This was pre-
cisely as he had understood the Sena or This Se-
nate, then, had the right to enter into a contract
with an individual to perform its priming, which,
by express terms, must continue two jears; and
yet, in the face of this positive s ipulation, it
might annul the contract the very next day; be-
cause, forsooth, the office was ¿feasible' That w"as
the position to which the Senator was driven; and
if any Senator, however ingenious he might be,
could define *he nature of such acontraet, he would
award to him the meed for his «kill and ingenuity.
The terms of the contract, under the joint resolu-
tion, were as precisely fixed as though each memtfer
of the Senate had coüecti.'ely entered n.to the fol-
lowing stipulation with these Pnnteis "You shall
do oar printing for two years; and if you should
not execute the work according to yom contract,
then our Sscretary shall be vested with the power
to have such portions ef it dore by others as he
may Ihinir proper, charging jou with the differ-
ence between your contrrct pric, and what he
may be obliged to pay " The Sena, o hid reserved
no power whatever to remove the Punter before
the termination oí tht lw>)i-an, bu> fvely the
remedy on his bond, nn \ t"*3 i cat of pnmsiing
him for violating hs eortipc', ly employ ng
another to do the work at hs expeiT" . Trie Eng
hsh language could not matfe a moie binding con-
tract npon both parties, and for the purpose of the
present argument, he cared not whether the Printer
was considered an officer or ni t
Names were nothing, it was the substasca which
we ought to consider, and even if the Printer were
an officer, which he clearly w¿s not, he was one el
a very different character from your Secretary,
your Sergeant-at-Arms, or vour l>ooik«encr, who
were removable at pleasure. These cfficeis re-
quired no capital, engaged n no ezp risivo iw
nejs, and employed no wirl-meo. *o erable in^u. to
perform their duties. The\ ga ei> the r pei'onal
services merely in record ng oui piOue-fing , serv-
ing our process, pieservin" order 11 me ciamber,
and performing other sini la  c feces, fo which they
received a certain fixed salary Not so tho Prin-
ter. He was selected uidc a resolution of Con-
gress, directing the manner n thich t'ip prin'ug
should bs executed, fixing u.e pr _e \,h th hs was
to receive for each i <->.i, and ■>■, sr og to him
the contract for two years Le him pi t a case to
ihe Senator, -vhich might leadil} occ„r tuder this
resolution. A Printer is choser b j th S-nate, who
resides m Philadelphia, New Yoik, or Bos'cn.
He invests fifty or a hundred thousand dolían  m
purchasing presses and pap"!, ei p'oy ng woik-
men, and setting up an e¿ abl tot it in thin city,
for the purpose of enabling h ru to prr rfro his con-
tract. The new Congress ra e s, and s.* t1 e mo-
ment of their meeting, he is íul y piejiared io ex-
ecute our work, but befo-e he can enter upon it, the
Senate dismiss him iroin empUim nt, and inform
him that he was bat an offi^pr, wno«e appointment,
to use the language of the Senator from Delaware,
was defeasible at pleasure, and that he must sub-
mit to be ruined without redress Was theie any
Senator who could say that this would not b  a
plain, palpable violation of public faith, frr which
thePrmter could obtain ample rodress under Ms con-
tract, if tbe Senate could be sued in a coau of j, I c
The concluding clause of the jo.tit rt-x'uUon de-
clared, that "each House «bail p ce t > to ballot
for a Printer " To do whdi? 'i\, -v. urn .he da
ties of an office? No, sir- such a wH did not oc-
cur throughout ths revoluti n, but " o exeoate its
work." And for what penuc,'* "During ti fe next
Congress."   What security did the Senate require
