CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%m
heet—that day this man who, against their pro-
test, and all propriety, was to be forced ttpon them,
selected to issue a tirade of abuse and scurrility
agaias' the President m power If they re-
garded the character of the country at home or
abroad, he ought to be dismissed, and he would lell
them there was scarcely one circumstance that had
done their party more mischief than the retention
of such a man and such a paper as the official or-
gan. Now, he said,on the ground of the character and
reputation of ihe man and of the paper, they owed
it to Christendom—they owed it to themselves—
they owed it to the purity of the national character,
to disconnect themselves at once and forever from
these men. On the ground of the notoriously bad
character of the print and the Printer, he should in-
voke the Senate to displace them, and give them
no longer the sanction of an official character.
And what injury would be done them? They
■were the Printers, to the Senate to the 3d of March,
and they executed all the duties to that time.
Their new office, from which it was proposed to
dismiss them, they did not enter until the 4th, and
they knew that the attempt would be made to dis-
miss them. They were notified of it, and what inju-
ry then could happen? As to their bond, he hoped,
after the passage of this resolution, an order would
be made to return their bond to them They had
been put to no expense—they had incurred no out-
lay. It was but an attempt to prolong their power
after the termination of its legitimate exercise, and
to force on them (the present majority) unaccepta-
ble, unwelcome Printers, whom they had given
notice they should attempt to remove as soon as
they possessed the power to do it. The time had
now come, and he trusted they should avail them-
selves of it, and by a majority adopt the resolu.
tion.
Mr. WALKER said they had been accused of
being guilty of an abuse of power in electing a >
Printer tor the next Congress. But if this were an
abuse of power, it was one which arose out of a
joint resolution of both Houses of Congress, which
was passed more than twenty years ago, and which
had been repeatedly ac'ed upon by both Houses,
and with perfect uniformity in this body. It was
a strange abuse of terras to call that an abuse.
They were acting preci-ely in conformity with the
law of the land; and they were doing what had
been uniformly done by all their predecessors trom
the period at which this joint resolution was passed
to the present period. He repeated, then, it was
an abuse, a gross abuse of language and truth, to
say this was an abuse of power. But it was asked
to be considered an abuse of power, because, at the
period when they proceeded to this election, a new
Senate was about to come into power, which would
be composed of a political majority opposed to the
majority which went mto this election. And here
again they had to complain of these very Senators
who now charged this on them (ihe present mino-
rity) as an abuse of power He would refer to the
journals of the Senate of the 28ih of February,
1835, but four days before the expiration of that
body. And here he would remark, that the ses-
sion of 1836 had been called the expunging session,
but he thought that should be changed, and hereafter
thi« should be called the expunging ression, far here
this body was to expunge a law of the United
States—a joint resolution which had all the sanc-
tion of law; they were about to expunge a con-
contract—yes, this body was about to expunge
both law and contract Now, let them see what
those very gentlemen, who now charged the present
minority with an abuse of power, did before the
period arrived when they had to go into a minori-
ty. They did what they (Mr. Walker and his
friend) did ten days ago—they elected a Printer.
Here were-the proceedings on the 28th of February,
1835. And mark the date—but four days before
that Senate was to expire.
Mr. Preston, in pursuance of notice, moved that
the Senate proceed to the election of Printer of the
Senate to the twenty-fourth Congress.
Mr. Weight asked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and the question was decided m the
affirmative—ayes 27, noes 18. Among those vot-
ing in the affirmative were Messrs. Calhoun, Clay
of Kentucky, Clayton, Ewing, Mangom, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Southard, Tyler, and Webster.
A motion by Mr Benton to postpone the elec-
tion was negatived—Ayes 18, noes 28.
The Senate then proceeded to the election, and
after 15 bailo ting«, Mr. Wright moved to postpone
the balloting indefinitely, which was decided in the
negative.
The Senate then proceeded again to ballot, and
on the 18th ballot, Messrs. Gales and Seaton
were declared to be elected Printers to the next
Congress
Then the S°nators who now charged on them
[Mr. Walker's side of the House] as an abuse of
power, the election of a Printer on going into a
minority, did the very same thing themselves, and
at a time when they were going into a minority, by
the election of Gales and Seaton. And what did
the Democratic majority do? In 1836, having then
a majority in the Senate of the United States, did
they come forwaid and annul the contract
and the law of the land? No- they had too
much regard for the sanctity of the law, to place
unhallowed hands on a contract which had been
entered into in pursuance of law, and, though ihey
hadan absolute majority ,they submitted as freemen
ought, and allowed Gales and Seaton to continue as
Printers to the Senate, and during their two years
to derive all the profits arising therefrom, which
were enormous He repeated, they were allowed
to remain as the Printers to the Senate, by a majority
opposed to them in sentiment. He had almost
said, how dare gentlemen, in the face of this
fact, and in the tace of the country, charge the
Democratic members now with an abuse of
power?
Well, but what were the reasons given' Here
was a motion to dismiss the Printer-, and reasons
were given One was the infamy of the Printer
What' was that Printer who was charged to be an
officer of the Senate, and whom they were asked to
dismiss, on his trial? And were the Senator-! his
judges? If so, who were his accusers? What
were ihe charge ? What was the evidence on
which those charges were to be supported? For
one, he (Mr. Walker) challenged gentlemen on the
other side to the proof. He called lor specifica-
tions, and for proofs, and he appealed to them not
to condemn unheard Infamy of character ' He
denied it, and he again called opon gentlemen fc
proofs. Did they not all know, and had they not
met, year afier year, and during this very year,
Senators and Representatives opposed to us
in politics, and one who is now a cabinet minister
of General Harrison, in social converse with, ard
partaking of the hospitality of, the man who was
now charged with infamy ot character? If he were
infamous, did that cabinet minister paitake ofhism-
lamy—for he was an individual who had known this
Printer, and his private character well, in Ken-
tucky during the period ot his residence Ihere,
and more recently in Washington He (Mr
Walker) challenged proof of that character If
he was tobe turned out, let him be heard—give
him the privilege of an American citizen. Let
him be confronted with his accusers, and let proof
be adduced. Not only did the Senator who
made this charge reflect on the cabinet minis-
ter who had partaken of this Printer's hospi-
tality, but, when he charged this Printer with
infamy, did he intend to charge infamy upon
every Senator opposed to him [Mr. Clay] in poli-
tics, who, ten days ago, voted tor this man as the
Printer of the Senate. Reasons must be given, and
this must be the reason. Execution must be done
The blood of the first Democratic viciim was that
day to be sprinkled on that altar, but, instead ot being
rendered infamous, he would be exalted as the first
martyred victim, under the pro=cnpiive principles
of the new Admimstraticn. But,* if he could
not be removed on the ground of infamy of
character, which he (Mr. Walker) wholly de
med, on what other ground was he to be removed?
Why, it was plainly on political and party ground'-.
If he was to be removed because he was
the head of a party press, and ihe head ot
another party press was to succeed him, it was
a direct attack on the liberty of the pre-><. This
man was to be punished because he had advocated
political doctrines opposed to those of the majority
of this body, and a system of rewards and punish-
ments was to be adopted to influence the press.
A political editor was to be punished, and
a political editor whose doctrines are conso-
nant with those of the present majority of
this Senate was to be rewarded. It was a
most daring, open, and flagrant attack OH the liber-
ty of the press. It had but one parallel, anfi thai
was the celebrated case of William Duane, Who, in
1800, during the last expiring days of the dynasty
of the elder Adams when carrying out the sedi-
tion law, was brought up on a charge of libel on
that body That Democratic editor had op-
posed   the   administration   of  John   Adams__he
had opposed the violence of many of its
acts, and proceedings, and for this he was brought
up before the Senate of the United States And
when he was called up, the counsel that he pro-
posed to advocate his cause—the then Mr. Dallas
and Mr. Cooper—were refused to be heard,
and he was directed to be prosecuted for
a libel on the Senate of the United States.
But ¡hat, the first attack that was made
on the liberty of the press, in the person of
William Duane, cons gned most of its actors, if
not to infamy, at least to expulsion from political
power, and he (Mr. Walker) warned gentlemen*
mat this act, ihat this bringing down of the politi-
cal guillotine on the head of this individual—the
depriving him, in this summary manner, of hiscon-
tract, without c'iarge, without accuser, without spe-
cification or accusation, and without being heard,
might be followed by similar effects. It
would be in vain to attempt to delude the coun-
try on this subject there was not a human being
that would believe that this was not a political pro-
scription—that this man was not proscribed and de-
prived of his office or contract because he was the edi-
tor of a free press, and promulgated doctrines that
•ft ei e opp osed to those of the party in power For that,
in this summary manner, they were to violate both
law and contract, and, in the language of the num-
mary resolution of the Senator from North Caro-
lina, they were to dismiss him from office. Well,
let it be done, and, though the dismissal might be
summary, he (Mr. Walker) said it might end
in the dismissal of those whose first act was pre-
scription.
On ihe motion of Mr. HUNTINGTON,
The Senate then adjourned.          )
_____                í
Tuesday, March 9, 1841.
The resolution to dismiss Blair and Rtves'as
Printers to the Senate, being taken up—
Mr. HUNTINGTON said, when he rojs  yester-
day to address the Senate, it was not Jiisi*intention
to discuss, at large, the merits of fhhr resolution,
nor was it now his purpose to do so. When, a few
weeks since, they had before the Senate the resolu-
tion to appoint these gentlemen Printers to the Se-
nate, he improved the opportunity to express his
views on some of the pemh, incidentally, arid on
o'hers more particularly, which were involved m
the ¡esoluiion now before the Senate. It was not his
purpose to repeat them, and he would not now say
one word on the resolution, were it not that he felt
desirous to reply to some oí the arguments that had
been urged against it—some reply to what had been
brought forward, and he asserted (with deference
to the honorable member to whom he should al-
lude) what he considered some of the most extra-
ordinary positions which had been advanced ¡a the
Senate. And although it was stated by the hono-
rable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr Boohanas]
who advanced them, that he believed he could be
sustained by every judge on the bench below them,
and by every judge and respectable lawyer in the
Union, notwithstanding his respect for his [Mr.
B's] legal attainments and his abilities, he felt al-
most constrained to say that he did not believe,
that out of the Senate these positions would have
been advanced and attempted to be maintained by
any respectable professional lawyer, or that the
opinions could be lawfully maintained. He might
be wrong He did not profess and ought not to
have, entire confidence in his own news, but be
believed that on an analysis of the subject, it
would be found that the  charges   against them
