CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
the Senate is a perpetual body. It is the body
which authorized this transaction, that now under-
takes to undo. Pass this resolution, and you would
set a precedent, as inconsiderable as is the interest
involved in this case, which would authorize any
State to cancel its bonds, to revoke its charters, and
annul i!s contracts, and to make it a question of
mere expediency—of personal and party ¡ike and
dislike—and not a violation of the eternal princi-
ples of justice—whether they should or not adhere
to their engagements.
And with whom does so dangerous a measure
originate1!   With those who have assumed to be
the protectors of  the sanctity  of  contracts—the
champions  of vested rights and chartered privi-
leges; who, in their zeal, stigmatized their oppo-
nents as loco focos, agrarians, and  contemners  of
plighted faith.    And let me ask, at  what time is
such a measure brought forward?    At the moment
when the  indebtedness of the country is greater
than has ever been known; when many of the
States have thoughtlessly plunged themselves  in
debt   almost beyond their ability to meet their en-
gagements; when the pressure of the times, and the
example of the non-fulfi!ment of engagements by the
great moneyed institutions of the country, have
done so much to weaken the force of contracts, in
the estimation of many; and when  especially it is
the duty of all good citizens, and this body in par-
ticular,  which has such just and great influence
over public epinion, to avoid  any act  which can,
by possibility, be interpreted into a disregard of the
sacred obligation of contracts.   It is at such a mo-
ment that the patty  which professes to  be the
special  guardian of the public faith,  call on us to
do this dangerous act; and for what purpose?   The
poor, the pitiful one of turning out Printers of one
political faith, in order to put is others of a differ-
ent; to put out Blair and Rives to put in Gales
and Seaton, who, in no respect wbataver, either in
punctuality in the performance of their duty, or
personal respectability, are their superiors.   I can-
not but express my amazement at ¡he step, coming
from the quarter it   does,   and with the course
which,    it    is    understood,    the     party   from
which, it   comes  intend to take   in reference to
a leading  measure of policy—I refer to  a Na-
tional   Bank.     It   is   said,   and   believed,   that
it will be one of their first measures, and that on
which  they rely  to carry through their avowed
policy.    Do you not see that this measure, as in-
considerable  as it is, will furnish ground  from
which to assail such an institution with powerful
effect?   You propose to set aside  this  contract be-
cause you believe that the Senate has no constitu-
tional right to make it.    Is there not a large party
in the country, now  accirientady  in a  minority,
who believe, and have believed from the beginning,
that Congress has no right to charter such a bank,
and have ever resisted its establishment in conse-
quence of such belief ?   You believe that the in-
strument signed  by Blair and Rives to do yout
printing is not a contract.   Is there not a conside-
rable portion of the community who believe that a
bank charter is no contract?   That it is a grant
merely of a public franchise, which can be with-
drawn at the pleasure of the grantor?   If I may
venture an opinion, I would say it is far more dif-
ficult to prove that this instrument is net a con-
tract, than that a charter of a bank is one.
But we are told that we were forewarned not to
make the appointment of Printers; that we would
soon be in a minority; and that if we ventured, in
spite of such warning, to appoint, that those we
might select would be dismissed when the majority-
changed sides. Will not the same warning be
given when you come to propose a bank charter?
Will you not be told that it is clearly unconstitu-
tional ; that you have seized - on the accidental
ascendancy ef your party, to furee it on the coun-
try, against its sober and habitual conviction, both
as to its expediency and constitutionality; and that,
if you venture to act under such admonitions your
acts will not be respected when you come to be
again in a minority?
Thinking, as I do, in reference to a National
Bank, I would rejoice to see you raising up such
difficulties in the way of the establishing one,
could the effect of thisj pernicious example you are
about to set be confined to that. But that is im-
possible. It will go far beyond, and be followed
by immeasurable evils, unless, as I hope, the sense
ot justice in the public mind should react against
what you purpose to do.
As to myself, I, on the present occasion, act
on the same'principles which guided me in 1834,
on the question of the removal of the deposites
by General Jackson. I then, and now, believed
that the Bank had a right to the use of the deposites
under its charter, and of which it couldfnot be di-
vested except on just apprehension that they were
not safe in its vaults, or for its neglect or mis-
management as the fiscal agent of the Treasury.
Tnus regarding it, I acted with those whom 1 now
oppose, in opposition to the removal,and that on the
principle on which I now act. Of the two, Í re-
gard that a less clear case, as clear as I consider
it, of contract than the present; and this resolution,
should it pass, a more palpable violation of right?
secured by contract, than the measure I then op-
posed.
Mr. KING of Alabama said he was not disposed
to enter into a long argument. The clear, forcible,
and incontrovertible ground occupied by the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] rendered
it unnecessary that he should say any thing. He
felt that this matter was settled. He felt that ar-
gument was of no avail. He felt that an appeal
to justice, to a sense of propriety, would be disre-
garded ; that every consideration which ought to
influence the Senate in the discharge of its duties,
was to be set aside in this case. Did the Senator
from Mis:issippi [Mr. Henderson] know any thing
of the hiftory of this Government, when he got up
here and told them that this must necessarily be an
office, because the individual executed their print-
ing? If that Senator would but turn his
attention to the subject, he would find
that, uniformly, individuals had be n employ-
ed by contract up to the year 1819. Pre-
vious to 1815, they were employed by the officers
of the two Houses, and they entered into bond for
the faithful execution of the work. The Printers
were not elected by this or the other House, but the
Secretary and Clerk caused the printing to be exe-
cuted for their respective Houses. In 1815, in
consequence of its being believed that it would
be more economical and better for the country
that the officers of the two Houses should be as-
sociated together in contracting for this work, a
resolution was adopted which he would read to the
Senate. [The resolution was read, and directed
the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House
of Representatives, immediately after the adjourn,
ment of that and each succeeding Congress, to ad-
vertise for three weeks successively, in two news-
papers primed in the District of Columbia, for pro-
posals for supp'ying the Senate and House of Re-
presentatives for the succeeding Congress with the
necessary stationery,  printing. &c]
Well, Mr.   President, under   that   joint   reso-
lution,    which    thus   became  the   law    of   the
land,  a  Mr.   DeKrafft  became   the   contractor.
He was the  lowest bidder, and be entered into
bond to perform the work; but under that contract
the printing- was so badly done,  that it became a
serious subject of complaint in both Houses.    Fhe
consequence was, tha* a committee was  raLed to
ascertain the true value of the printing, for it had
been   intimated   that   this  individual, from   his
anxiety to get the job, had stipulated to take  less
than it was worth, and consequently  he could not
execute it in such a manner as it was important the
printing for Congress should be  executed, and on
paper of the  proper description,  without serious
loss by bis contract.    At the head of that com-
mittee was   Mr.   Wilson,   a  Senator  from   the
State    of    New   Jersey,   a   practical   printer.
That   committee  reported,   fixing   precisely   the
prices to be paid for every species of work  neces-
sary for the printing of the two Houses.   In con-
formity with that report, the resolution of 1819 was
passed,and then it was they commenced designating
the individual who should execute the work at the
prices thus fixed.   They bad acted on that resolu-
tion from 1819 to the present time, without varia-
tion or change.    What, he would ask,  were the
Printers of   1812, when Way and Weigutman
were, the contractors?    Were they officers of the
Senate?   Ño one will venture to make the asser-
tion.   They were simply contractors, and if they
violated their contract, they were liable to have itset
aside, and suit brought against them for dama-
ges.   What were th e obligations of DeKrafft as an
officer of the Senate, when he became the coa-
tractor under the resolution  of 1812?   None—
nobody ever pretended that he occupied any suoh
official position.   It would have been ridiculous to
have done so: for, though the work was badly exe-
cuted, he  was held  to his contract; while some
other printer was occasionally employed to do por-
tions of the work, he being compelled to pay the
difference in the price.    He (Mr. King) believed
they had never heard of the Printer being an officer
of the Senate until a. gentleman, now no longer a
member of this body, took offence atsomething pub-
lished in the paper of the then Public Printer,
when he intimated his intention te bring the mat-
ter before the Senate, and to move for the dis-
missal of the Printer; but that gentleman back-
ed   out, for   he   knew   he   could   not  sustain
such a procedure.     Has it come to this, that
this Senate, actuated by political or private hos-
tility,  or by individual griefs,  should set itself
to work to nullify an agreement with an individual
who has done his work faithfully? * Was any Se-
nator here prepared to say the work was not well
done?   No: political hostility alone actuate.! Sena-
tors, and it was all they could avow.    He (Mr.
Kraa) had traced this matter from the earliest
period to the present time, and he could entertain
no other belief, than that the Printer was simply
an employee of the Government; that he was
like other individuals who contracted to do work,
and if he   failed   to   execute it, or did not do
it correctly, he was liable  to be  prosecuted for
damages.    But, as he  had already said, he felt
that    the  thing    was    settled.     The    fiat   had •
gone  forth from headquarters, and  those who in
their secret hearts  might regret it, were brought to
do an act of which their judgments disapproved;
being carried along by their party predilections to
perpetrate it.    He (Mr. King) would not reply—
his indignant feelings would not permit him to re-
ply—to the imputation of motive by which it was
alleged his side of the House were actuated.   Such
imputations were unworthy of the person who ut-
tered them—unjust   towards   his  (Mr.  Kino's)
friends, and unworthy of this body.   What were
Blair and Rives?   The contractors for the public
printing.   Suppose, for a moment, they were every
thing  that Senators  in   their  places here   have
thought proper to denounce them for—suppsse
they were base—suppose  ihey had   no   charac-
ter—suppose they  did   not   deserve    the   coun-
tenance   or  support   of   this  body—were   these
sufficient  grounds  on   which to  set  aside  their
contract, so long as the work was correctly execu-
ted?   What was it to the honorable Senators whe-
ther those individuals were of good or bad charac-
ter?    He (Mr. King) was not there  the advocate
of Blair and Rives; he looked beyond that—he
looked at the principle involved, and the conse-
quences which would follow to the country, should
this resol  tion be adopted.   This act would become
a precedent, which must forever shut the mouths
ot the Senators who established it.   No more shall
we bear of the Democrats being agrarians—of being
disposed to break down vested rights; or to violate
the obligation of contracts; they must be forever
silenced by their own act.   But who is this Mr.
Blair, who has been so violently assailed on this
floor?   If his (Mr. King's) recollection served him
aright, this man  Blair resided years gone by in
the State of Kentucky, where he figured as no in-
considerable personage.   He wit then the po «cal
friend of the Senator from Kentucky; his intimate
associate; and, if he  was not mamformed, his
confidential  correspondent.     Was  he   infamous
then-!    He presumed not.   He (Mr. King) knew
nothing of Mr. Blair, except by character, unül
he made his appearand in this city some years
pas? anee that time, he had been on terms of
social  intercourse with   him-had observed  b 
rnnduct in the social and private relatwns of life;
and he felt bound to say, that for kindness of heart,
humanity, and exemplary deportment as a private
