in return, call him "the Senator who sits in the
corner," but he would leave him to the people; who,
four years hence, wiil show ihe Senator, as Ihey
have shown him heretofore, that tney understand
his reputation and know how ¡o appreciate it
Mr. PRESTON regretted that any tiling should
have occurred that should have driven honorable
Senators to do any thing inconsistent wuh parlia-
mentary decorum, at'd then proceeded at length to
speak on the resolution.
Mr. WRIGHT then obtained the floor, but gave
way for a motion to adjourn.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, March 10, 1841,
A message was received from ¡he President of
the United S'ates, containing several commuiica-
tions of an Executive character.
The resolution to dismiss Blair and R%ves as
Primers to the Senate, being taken up—
Mr. WRIGHT said it was his indention to occupy
the time of the Senate but for a very few minutes
They much more frequently than they were aware
of, be apprehended, made their conclusions govern
their reasons, rath r ¡hau considered well their rea-
sons, and let them dictate their conclusions. It
seemed to him that their respected opponents, on
this occasion, were governing themselves by wis
perverted rule, and it should be the ooject of bis
few remarks to show wherefore he pronounced tbi-i
conclusion. Let them jook at the history of the
action of this body for the few days of this extra ses-
sion. On the day before ycteiday a vacancy wthe
office of Ser eant-at Arms of ihe Sena'e was filled-
a. majority of the body decided—and it was not then
his purpose to complain of that decision—that their
public duty required that it should be filled It
was not exactly contended that any thing in antici-
pation during this short session íequired the filling
of that office, but that in prospect an extra
session mignt be held, and a Sergeant-at-Arms
might be required and the proper penormance of
the du'y of the boáy was to fill the office then, and
it was filled Now they had a Printer to the S -
nate, and he expected tne judgment of the body
was about to be pronounced that thpy should have
none, for the form of the proceeding before tnpin
did not look to fill ng a vacancy. What was the
argument in reference to the Sergeant-at-Arws?
That he snould have time to prepare bim*eif for
the dischatge of his duties, in ihe case ot an early
call of Congress If that was a good argument
for the appointment of a Seigeant at-Arm', could
they say to-day that they shoulddismi,s their Printer
and have none, because the Sergeant-at Arms was
an office requiring preparation, and that of Printer
to the body was a plice, whetner office or not,
requiring none. It "°eme¿ to him tney should
not; and he did not for a moment suppose such a
train of reasoning would b  indulged in, and yet
it was his desire to present to the bod} ihe action
of the body as it had been, and the action a? it was
proposed to be. Why was 'he law of 1819,
in the shape of a join' re-olution, passed'
Because, as he bad always been informed and be-
lieved, it >vas supposed that th s business of print-
ing required time—that tvpes, and presses, and
hands, and paper, and ink, were to be accumulated,
preparatory to ihe business of Congresi, and hence
it was that the expiring Congress named the Pr-nter
for the succeeding Congress. Now—and they were
sitting, in bis judgment, in a very questionable
form, to perform any of these acts, but be had no
further argument te make on that, for it had been
decided by the Senate—sitting, then, he íep^aled,
under circumstances wh ch tendered the whole very
questionable, they were called upon to dismiss—
call it an officer, ¡t they pleased, or a contractor, if
they pleased—that agent of the body that was con-
nected with the publ c business, in relation to whom,
in all tune past, Congress had supposed fme was
required; and they had dew led, in relation to an
offic r about whose dan s Congress had never be-
fore; formed any such judgment in either branch,
that he «bould be appointed in advance, and have
time to prepare for the discharge of his dufes.
This seeme 1 to him to be the position in
which they were placing themselves, and he desired
1 o couple this consideration  with the fact, as he
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
believed it, that they were then, for the first time,
within the htsiory of this Government, sitting as
a Sena'e alone, no Congress being in session—sit-
ting under an extra binary call to aid an Execu-
tive in foimiDg his Adm nisfation—they were ^it-
ting with open doors, keeping their journal m the
form of leg slation, and transacting this business,
which no Senate before had ever been called upon
to transact And what had been tht justificatien?
That the last session of the Senate, whieh expired
on the 3d of March, bad been guilty of a usurpa-
tion and abuse of power m appointing this Printer
And was that so? And was it to be so said m that
chamb-i, aad to that body? Why, how 'ong bad
that usurpation continued'! Certainly ever since
the passage of the resolution of 1819—twenty
yars he b heved. A few days ago was the
eleven h occasttnon which the Senate had thus
appointed a Printer, and was it now discovered, for
the first time, and by his respected opponents on that
side of the Hou e, that this was a usurpa-
tion' He rememoered very well, a fetv years
ago to have s^en the same thing done by them,
and if it was not a usurparon then, it was not a
usurpation no*-. He did not design to d scuss the
question of power—it had been belter discussed
than he was able to discuss it; he merely desired to
present to genthmei the practical effects, and
what vou'd serm to him to be the pr^ctcal dtduc-
tions Well, then, so much for theimnner in wh ch
a dismissal of officers of the benate, as gentle
men now chocse to claim them to be, was proposed
to be made at this extraordinary session, and in
this extraordinary manner. And now for the time,
and particularly as it «as applicable to the resolu-
tion on the table. He believed it found i's way
there on the 4th of March The Presiden' hid
completed hs Inaugural Address, ard ha 1 taken
the oath of <fhce, hut, he believed ihe fact 11 b",
that be had not had nme to clear th> walls
of the Capitol on his way to the Presidents
H^use, when that resolution was ¡aid on the
laH'e cf the Senate There was then most
certainly no nmg lost in point of time. And the
resolution w?s—what? To dismiss an ofhctr, «sy
geitlemen—an cfheer of the Senate—and t>e d -
si'ed ii to be understr od tnat he did not wend to
di-eos-, the question whether the Printer wa. an
officer or no!, for that, too, m ihe course of this de-
bate, had been full/ and cl ar!y discussed b? h's
friends much more ably than he c mil discuss it
trmseli He eared not wheiher ih  Printer be an
effier or a contractor, or what they pl>as d -it
vras, he supposed, assumed to be a rf so'u.ion to
dismiss a person in the employment of the G vern-
ment b" a competent autiontv, m the form of law.
Well, in that Inaugural Address, and crmmg
from one who ought to be the organ of the party m
power—of the party which had placed him on that
high elevation, what did he icl them'
"It was the remark of a Roman Consul, in an
early period of tnat ceiebraed Republic, that a
most striking contrast was observable jn the cjP-
ducf of ca"dida*es for offices of power ?^d trust,
before and after obtaining t lens — toe/ seldom car-
rying oat, m the latter eas=, the p edge? and pro-
mists made in tv  former. Howler much the
world may have improved, in many respec's, in
the laps^ of upwards of two thousaid jears since
tue remark was m^d? by tne virtuous ?nd indignant
Rom-n, I feat 'hat a stuot examination of the an-
nals of some of Ose modern elective Governments,
would develope similar instances of viokted confi-
dence."
It would be his du'y, bv and by, to refer very
briefly to what were the pledge,, before the elec-
tion, of that distinguished man, on this particular
point, but he did not p-opose !o do n now He
merely desired the Senate to remember that that
speech was delivered, and that this resolution fo'
lowed instantly upon it. And now, for the re?so«s
for that removal-—because tlry bad se n the man-
ner of tne action, and >he trae of the action—and
he gathered those reas ms as he had h ard them
given there. Was it that those confacto.s had
failed—-foi the same individuals who are now the
Printers to tne Senate have been so tor several
^ ears—had there been a suggestion of any failure
m the performance of their duties as Printers?   He
km
had heard of none, neither as to the time of accom-
plishing their labor, nor of the manner of its ac-
complishment.   Then, as to the performance «f
the trust  which they had undertaken to perform
for the United States, fault was not found.    Well,
as individuals, as private citizens, perfectly sepa-
rate, in every sense, from their connection witfi  
political partisan newspaper, had fault been found?
He had not heard it.   He had enjoyed a conside-
rable acquaintance with those two individuals for
some years, and he owed it to them to say, and he
said it cheerfully, that in private life he found
them amiable and estimable men, correct m their
moral deportment, so far as he had ever seen or
heard, and esteemed by the society m which they
lived     As connected with their newspaper, he had
heaid  fault enough, ue had  heard  none in any
o'her connection, he assumed that none had  been
found    Then, how stojd the matter'   They are
the conductors of a political newspaper; and be-
cause that paper had been conducted offensively to
their opponents, they were  to be thus summarily
dismissed from ihe place they held, wnether it be a
contract or an office.    It wa«, then, a political re-
moval, and nothing more nor les<.   It concentres
itself in  that, and no other aspect, he presumed,
would be attempted to be given to it    He had ne-
ver, in his life,  been  in the habit of entering into
discussions as to the mode of conducting the public
press    He hoped never to indulge in them.   He
knew the press, upon all sidos, was conducted with
too much looseness, he wished it were better.   He
was not disposed, on this occasion, to make a dis-
tinction between   the   press   on  one  side or the
o'her—he merely desired  to bring t ns discussion
to the point  that, for reasoi.s connected  with the
Globe newspaoer—reasons purely and exclusively
growing out of lbs  angry  political strife of the
daj—this dismissal was to take place.    There the
ac ion was ba ed, and if he had understood all he
hud h ard, it was b"s*d on toa* alone, and had no
greaUr extent.    No*', having considered the man-
ner of the set, the time of the action, and the rea-
sons for it, let them look  a  h'tle  to the political
panics and their relations    And hc-e he must be
permided to say, whas he hoped he need not at any
t me say, that h* did not design to make any re-
marks calculated to excite.    He did not  design,
nor had he any ccsa'i n to  make, any peiaonal
remarks, but he had ihe right, and he believed it
was his duty, *o sta e what h" believed to be the pre-
sent his'ory < f the v uotry in reference to political
part ei    And he appealed to e.-ery member of the
body, ?nd he appealed with as much c nfidence to his
rpponenis a^ to his political trends, whether there
ha'l been any single point in tne last heated and
exciting po.iticM s'rig. 1" mi>e d stinctly set forth,
aud more constantly debated be'ere the country,
than the point oí nmováis from ortice for political
opinion's sake' Had there been any outcry against
ihe last Administration, and  the one which pre-
ceded i', more c >mmomy raised than that of po-
litical pn s rip 10a for i pui .m's sake'   And how
long since wis it that h-i he-ud, u this chamber,
from a most c'oquent Seoat< r, now no  longer a
menabe  of this bodv, that hJ  had seen officers of
the   Federpl  Government whispering   their   opi-
nions, because   they  durst  not pronounce   them
under   thn   p'o cnptive    Administration?     And
while  that honorab'e   Senator «aid  this,  he re-
pudiated an! condemned that prescriptive policy;
?nd he (Mr   Wrisbt) had r^ad 10 them, from the
Inaugural address of the Pre .dent, what he seem-
ed tj suppose was to be ihe practice cf his party.
He (Mr. Wright) did nrt charge on the President
—be d d not beheve, in his heart, that (be President
had an, agency m this matter    He did not intend
to condemn the President in advance.   He did not
mean to condemn any man sr, but the country had
a right 'o expect that he was the exponent of the
princioles and piactices of his party.   And what
now i, that practice   An instantaneous removal
of a pohucal opponent.   A movement made in
poj.it of time, he believed, sooner than any  move-
ments of such a character, at any period of the his-
toid of this Government, and a movement, as he
had attempted to shcv, and as   he believed the
¡act to be, to remove merely  for political cause.
He would not, on  this occasion, go into the argu-
