am
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
made by the very body against which the offence
waá committed, the whole «scene becomes changed
Ths individual and the body are both m a new
attitude, and considerations "spring up that over-
shadow a'l questions of the rights of property and
contracts, and all mere differences of political opi-
nion. The good name—the immediate jewel of the
soul—is in «larger, and the tocsin of aUrm and in-
quiry cannot be sounded too loud, because the deed,
if done, may affix a foul stain on the victim, which
•will last and spread as long and as far as the mighty
power of the press itself.
The party accused may, therefore, m such a case,
before sentenced te ignominy, well expect full no-
tice, a deliberate hearing, and witnesses confronted
against him, if not an impartial tribunal, for trial.
He may, as in the present instance, have wife,
children, and friends, the solicitudes of relatives,
the chanties of neighbors, and all the comforts and
honest pride of life ai ound him Are these to be
thus suddenly blasted' Are rum and dismay to
overwhelm the whole at once by an ex parte con-
demnation for crime, and this not in a corner or
by some pie poudrt court, unknowing; and unknown,
but by one of the highest tribunals in ihe world,
so as lo diffuse the fatal poison more quickly as
well asinjuneusly, through all the vein* and arte
nes of the community?
In the other aspect of the transaction as affect-
ing our own c ¡aracter, it may also be wive to con-
sider whether a different course of proceeding be
not due to ourselves and the reputation of this dis
tingutshed budy, as well as of the sovereign Siaies
we represent A proper self respect, moderation,
and delicacy, seem to require of us unusual cau-
tion not to do wrong, while complaining of wrong—
nor to be ha'ty, where the consequences to others
are lasting—nor, pethaps,to condemn at all, where
we ourselves are a party in interesi, and the oiher
side has been unnotified and unheard Gentlemen
may truly say, that their motives are good and
their convictions siron . But others even in his
body, v dely and conscientiously differ from them
in opinion on the whole case Is, then, a one
aided, ex parte action on the subject either liberal,
chivalrous, or humane, lo say nothing of justice?
Is. it not in a free couniiy, with equal i ghts and
wnh the glorious institutions of cmrts and juries,
an action open inevitably to much criticism and
suspicion? Can it e*cape rebuke on both sides of
the Atlantic?
It is not enough, in a tr bunal like thi=, to be
like Char's wife, pure m intention, but, it may be
becoming, at least, if not mdispcn'obie, to adopt
a course of actu n e ituely above suspicion. Some
may a«k whit other n p thin the present one
should be adopted, wnen the miji rily believe the
accused to be guilty? I -xoswer, follow the usual
coarce of inquiry and lual The course thai finds.
a ready approval in every heart, soul, and head,
in a country of equal an 1 just laws Give the
accused notice of the sptctfic chirges against him,
and by all means hear him b'foreyou strike Again as
to any kind oí trial here.m our own case, undoubte 1-
ly this Senate may be as safe as any oth< r interested
tribunal But if no imperative necessity exists fo 
an immediate and final trill here, and especially
one which will appear to the aceu*e i at least as
possessing some indecorous haste, v hy m t send
him and his conduct first, as others are ""em, to be
tried by the courts, and under the usuil cnnsti u-
tional forms, morder to pscertam guilt tr inno-
cence.
If individuals heie feel aggrieved, as well a-, the
majority, they can prosecute also lor damage!, be-
sides indicting, and then the transaction «ill as-
sume the ordmarv aspect oí one under the reisn of
the laws, and not oe exposed to the suspicion of
one prowpted in any degree by passion or prsju
dice. At least, let us know and have specified the
precise circumstances in which the supposed out
rages have been perpetrated, b fire we proceed far-
ther in condemnation, and see if we ourselves can
agree whether they are libels tr not I is very
likely to turn out, that, amidst twenty Iawie s in
this body, who should scrutinize these particular
caies, not five of them would agree, independently
oí any political consideration, whether they all
were or were not libe's.   It is unmanly to be too
sensitive or thin-skinned on these subjects.
Aaam, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr Clay]
says, common fame is enough to condemn the Print-
ers. Would he or I like to bs tried by our politi-
cal enemies, as to political topics, on common fame1)
Would we not both be in some danger of the lamp
post or the guillotine? Have we not both been
clothed over and over again with what we consi-
dered, and in many caves knew to be, atrocious h-
beh1 Have we been exempt from slanderous at
tacks «ven in Congress? I expect to continue to
be assailed with my full proportion of newspaper
abuse—perhaps even for some of these remarks
But far be it from me, on that account, to claim
any new mode of punishment for libels, or wish to
revive any exploded old mode, like a s ar chamber
or attainder, or the sedition law I would pursue
no different course than heretofore, and think that,
if I could not m time live down deiamation, I was
not worth living Others may take different views
of such matters tney have a right to Let such,
however, go to the laws for pro ection and redress
—the old, sturdy, common laws of a free people—
which, ever since Magna Coarta they are unwil-
ling to have changed These are ample to punish
ail ordinary offences. But do not resort to any
new mode of effecting the object, by summarily
and unceremoniously di*mi->sing the supposed of-
fender from office, a-, if he hal committed some
scundalum magnatum, and was to be punished in
some absolute monarchical form, which many will
not hesitate to regard a  unworthy the liberality of
the present age and ths justic of so enhshtened a
body as the Senate
Some have likened this case to a contempt Such
was the suggestion o the gentleman from Connec
ticat, [Mr Huntington] He asks could wenot,
and should we not ourselves, punish for a con-
tempt on the Senate? I feel obliged ,by the sug-
gestion The d< ctnne of punishing for contempts,
by either judicial or legislative bodies, m its old and
nnltmi'ed use, has long been my utter abhorrence.
It has beer, m lhat u e, one of the wcrst relics of
the barbarous ages rf despotism In the first place,
thepartywhichaecu-.es is also ihe judge This is
contrary to all the elemon's of impartial jus ice
Inth° next place the pumshmpnt by fine and im
prisonment may be almost unlimited and wickedly
oppressstve, when inflicted, as it often is, und r
the irritation of wounded vanity, or the stings of
supposed insult
Who can read, wi'hout horror pnd detestation
curdling his b'ood, the cruel and excessive punish-
ment of croppe 1 ears—long imprisonment—heavy
fines—the battle and ban ¡.hment formerly inflicted
lii libels and contempt*? Sat even in contempts the
accused is heard. Not, u is true, before a jury,
which should be tve case generally, but he is s ill
notified and heard—witnesses are examined for and
against him—specifications filed Why not then, at
least, do as much in the present ca^e? When an
editor, m 1827, wia accused of violence commit-
ted within the walls of "this bull ling on a me^en-
ger of the President of the United States, did we
attempt to try him without sp-cfic notice, and a
full hearing?
So shocked were Congres , after impartial inqui-
ry, at the latitude and wideconstiuctive power-, as-
sumed by couits and legislative brdies on thissub-
Jict of contempt, that they hesitated to punish,
even though the o.nnee was perpeiiated wt'hiu the
Capitol but not m their presence And after the
trial ot Judge Peck, who was impeached here for
oppressive conduct in the punishment of Lawless
for a supp' sed contempt, though even Lawless was
notified and heard by the judgj, an act of C i gre°s
was i n mediately pass d, which took away the pow-
er from courts to punnh f >r such offence unless
committed in their actual presence, or m the actual
obstruction of legal process.
It provided, expressly, (see act, March 20,1831,)
"that the power of the several courts of the United
States to issue attachment, and luflict summary
punishments for con empts of com t, shall not be
construed to extend to any ca' e, except the misbe-
havior of any person orper ons %n the presence oí
the said courts, or so near thereto as to obstruct
the administration of justiee,  the misbehavior of
any of the officers of the said courts, in their official
transactions, and the disobedience or resistance by
any officer of the said courts," &c. "to any lawful
writ," &c.
Shall we go beyond the limits deliberately imposed
on courts by ourselves, and punish as contempts,
or quasi contempts, acts not done in the presence of
thts body, nor npon our officers, nor obstructing
any of our proceedings? and do it, too, without no-
tice cr tnal of any kind? Shall we punish for sup-
posed libels published a mile distant, and in the
usual pursuit of one's business and profession as
an editor?
Let us see if there be any aggravation in this
case, or, rather, not much extenuation. We elect-
ed, to be Public Printers for this body, the editors
of a public press Both political parties have
done this repeatedly before in both Houses. Was
it ever expected that those elected were thereupon
to cease to be pditors? Suppose they have the zeal
of partisans, courage, enthusiasm, even Do we
dislike or censure those qualities in others, if ex-
erted in our own behalf, or in our own cause? So
we elected them when known as editors of a party
press Did we require or expect that they were to
cease to be parly editors? Could we, with decency,
insist that we ourselves, in consequence of our
votes to them, had indirectly bribed them, and were
not to be a't°rwards criticised as freely as others*
If so, then, I repeat it, we insist on what is utterly
destructive to all liberty of the press Should we
undertake, by our douceurs or favors, to stifle or
seduce the press, we disgrace it and ourselves.
What is an editor good for who will not, after
elected, as well as before, denounce what he deems
tergiversation' expose what he believes to be cor-
rupt coalitions? strip off the mask from what he re-
gards as political hypocrisy? «hew up the inconsis-
tencies between the professions and practices of
those in power, and much more the brazen faced dif-
ferences in doctrine before and after an election?
What is (Id English liberty worth—that has de-
scended to us from our sturdy sires—if unlicensed
pimhng—first contended fur by Milton himself—
cannot be any longer tolerated here? Let us have
no imprimatur before publication—no previous li-
cense to be obtained—no censors, with power to
exclude or veto whpt is disagroearle to weak
nerves or bilious temperaments. No. Punish
wrong, if you please, when committed in this, as
in o h*r cases, and in the usual manner, but away
with bills of attainder, with sedition laws, or pa-
tronage and dismrsals, lhat are calculated to si-
lerce or terrify, and wh t h, if so u^ed, would make
us, in a few years, a nation either of mere courtiers
or slaves I idmire the s-pint of Collier, a century
ago, as described in the book just before me. It
says "He was under the frown of power. His
name was already a mark for th* invectives of one
half of the writers of the aee " What did he do
under such fearful odds' Succumb antl play the
spaniel? No- "In the cause of good taste, good
sen«e, and good morals, he gave ba'tle to the other
half," and he triumphed, even over such men as
Drvden and Co igreve, as well as over all the myr-
midons of po>vei. Majorities had no fears for him;
and I should entertain a very different opinion of
the editorial corps in this countiy if I could be-
lieve, for a moment, lhat the frown of power could
ever drive the mass of them from their high duties
On the other hand, much chart y is due to them for
errors, when happening. Fhey are obliged to take
opinions and facts often at second hand. Tbey are
often misled in their views by others, who know
better than they do, and are interested to mislead
them They are educated with the prejudices and
failings «f other people, and sometimes look with
jaundiced eye  They must, also, of necessity, in
writing so much, write at times carelessly,
hastily, ignorantly, and hence erroneously.
Some are of excitable temperamen's. Are we to
throw the first stone at such? Among them, too, as
m all professions, are some that are venal, with a
few hacks and hirelings without requisite training,
honor, or morals, and who, with prostituted pens,
would stab by an muendo, or murder character for
bread But many of them I know to be the reverse
of all this, gentlemen in manners, ripe as scholars,
with elevated talents, and integrity   unassailable,
