256
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the majority, on the grounds which  had  been
adopted by the gentlemen opposite, who had argued
the question during this debate. He, (Mr. BENTON,)
on that occasion, as in 1833, submitted a resolution
to repeal the joint resolution, of 1819, whici was
now treated by gentlemen on  the oth r side as a
nullity. He had done so, because standing as it did
on the statute book, it was clothed with all the forms
of law.    His resolution of 1833, for repealing the
law of 1819, and remitting to each House of Con
gress the election of its own Punier, was leferred
by then existing    majority m the Senate (which
was the same politically as now existed here) to
a   committee   composed  wholly    of   that  poli-
tical  party, consisting of Messrs. Robbms, Pom-
dexter, and Bibb.   That committee retained the
resolution to the end of the session; they then re-
ported against it, and thev were .upported by the
majority m the Senate.   That was in 1S33    In
1835, ths same couise was taken by him pretty
early, and again by the same political party in the
Senate,   his   resolution   was   referred;   it   was
then referred to the Judicary Committee, consist-
ing of five members, four ot whom were of the
same political party as was this day in a majority.
That resolution was so referred, in opposition to
his earnest re monstrance, to a couimutee,with whom
it might lie long.   It was afterwards brought back
with the decision of the committee against the re-
peal of the resolution of 1819, and agaiu the Se-
nate sustained the decision.    It was in the latter
part of the session of 1835, that thai resolution was
Drought back, when it  was  reporte 1  to the Se-
nate by the Senator from South Carolina, ["Mr
Preston,] and thus, by two committees ot that
body, belonging to  the political party now predo-
minant in this   body, the propriety of repealms  the
resolution of 1819  was reported against, and those
report? were acquiesced in  bv the  majomy of (ho
Senate.    The joint  re olution, then, which tor a
week past had been treated by thp olher w 1« as ,\
nullity, was  adhered  to   by   them   in   Js-31   and
1835, and   adhered   to    on   a    pioposmoti   be-
ing made, and coming regularly be/or- the Se-
nate, to decide the propriety of taking it off the
statute book.   On the 23th of February, 1835, po-
litical power being about to shift itself on others,
the election of Printer was brought on.    He, (Mr.
Benton,) and other', made all the resistance io a
that they could; an 1 he believed they  Mated their
objections, if not as strongly, at least as broa lly, as
the gentlemen opposite now do.   They urged (he
impropriety of the bunging on an e'ectiou by gen-
tlemen who were leaving their seats, and imposing
ou their successors an officer of another political
party, who might be unacceptable and disagr>ea-
ble to them.   He (Mr.  Bent m) said he should
look upon it as the exercise of mere power, which
Would   not   be    obligatory    on    those   succt"s-
sors,   and  which they   might   disregard  if  ihey
would, and, therefore, for on>, he under'ook to say
then that he should disres-ard i , and that he should
not submit to ihe imposit.on of a Primer oí the ad
verse political  party upon them, but (hat he <hould
move, m his place, at  ti>e next  ses ion, to set the
Printer aside and take anoihei up     Oi all this he
gave notice in his place,  and «hen gentlemen m?de
their objections to this election, a fortnight ago, and
said they were not bound by it, but womd roo/o to
set it aside when they were competent io do i, it
seemed to him they were readme; out of h*>, own
book.   Indeed, he had the book brougnt, and the
language was  found exactly to  correspond.   N >-
thing coald be more explicit than the Siatem*nts
he made on that occasion.  Standing m his p'arr,
he promised he would make a  motion to set (he
election aside, and to go m'o an election for them-
selves, it was all in the bjok which lav before him,
but he would not trouble the Senate with reading it.
He made the pledge, but on the cn=rirg sess.on
coming round, was that pledge redeemed?   D,d he
move to set the elccurn aside?    Did he move to
supercede Gales and St aun, and to into the elec-
tion of ano.her person1   No, he did no .    Heg^ve
the notice, but when the lime came round, he ne-
ver  made the movement.    Why'    For want of
will wiihin   himself?    He  presumed not.    Why
then5   Because  (he   gentlemen elected were per-
fectly    agreeable     to    him7     By   no   means.  J
I They were gentlemen of adverse poht cs, and
they were far, he assured the S<nate, from
sprinkling htm and his party with lavender. The
gentlemen were adverse to him in politics, tneir pa-
per was disagreeable to him, and yet did he move
to set their election a^ide^ Did he take a step to
redeem the pledge he had given1 No, not one step,
and why' Because the body cf the Democratic
partj—some might have iorgotten it bs a transient
thing—utterly refused to go into it. He did not
know that he found a backer among them; but so
far he could speak, lhat his political mends refused
to go into the election of a Printer, and lor the rea-
sons here given- Messrs Gales and Sea'on had
entered into a contract, they were the Printers to
the Senate for two years, and the Democratie party
permited them to serve out then two years—the
Democrats being the majority. Twice, then, under
such circumstances, were adverse printers permit-
ted to hold their contract—twice, and for two >ears
each tima, were they pel muted to hold it to the end
of the term. He mentioned t.iis, for the purpose
of showing how his political friends had acted
heretofore. He did not quote it to show his own
consistency, or of doing hi nor to himself not at all.
It was to remind them of what his friends had done,
and thereby to do ju.tice both to those present and
tho^e absent, for the purpose rf showing how the
Democracy had used its power, when, on two
former occasions, they utterly refused to tou h the
contract of the Printer. It was to br ng that fact
to the minds of Senators, and not *o go into any
argument, that he bad risen; and every word
he had spoken was confirmed by the book
Lefoie h m. He did this to bring it
to the knowledge oí the Senate and of the c< un'ry
—he did it for the puipuse of confiontiiig profes-
sions with practice. The Demi crat c pan/ had
been de«crihed as the "spoils pally," Ihe "m ole-
rant party," "(be "proscnptne paity," and the
par'y whicn swept every thing away *hat d (leied
froit them. Another party '■ad com' in which tías
to "pioscribe proscription." That was ihe prafe -
sion on which the gentlemen had c >me in, but,
without going into generalities, take the case now
before them, and how stood it? The last gentleman
who had addressed them, [Mr Bfrrifn] had sum-
med up their whole doctnne,when he said they could
not toleiatp for an instant—which was the smallest
subdivision of time—Printers of adverse pontics
to do their business
Then, while Ihe toleiant, the merciful, the cle-
ment, the anti-proscriptive Federalists «fuse to
tolerate, for one instant, the intolerant, prosciibmg,
tyrannical Democrats were toleiant for four years—
at two ends of the Capitol, and for two yr ars at a
time, and foi two years at the end of tha1 time, had
they tolerated Gales and Seaton, He would con-
clude wilh agam saying that he had made these ob-
servations only for the purpose of doing justice to the
Demcciaoy—to show them consis'entand uniform
m 1833, and 1835, and in 1841—and in showing
die Federalists refusing to be bound by a law m
1841, and treating it as a nulli'y, which they re-
fused to repeal in 1833 and 1835, in showing them
asadhepng to the joint resolution of 1819, when
it i  in favor of Gales and Seat n, and trampling
it underfoot «hen it is in lavor of Blair and
Rives.
The yeas and nays were then about being taHn,
when
Mr. CLAY cf Kentucky said that many Sena-
tors were ab enf, bung necessarily occupied m pre-
para! on for their departure for their homes, and
(hit it she uV not be taken without some little no-
tice n iVn iVentees, as they bad some business in
Evecutiy^ se-sion to tiausact, he would move that
the Senate go into Exeen'ive session, and at 3
o'clock, the quest on be taken.
Most of Ihe Senators now appearing in their
seats, he waived the motion, and >he yeas and nays
were taken, as follows:
YEAS—M s "s. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bav-
ard, Berrien, Choite, Cay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Dixon, Evins, H-nderson, Huntington, Ker,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Moorehead, Porter,
Preston, Rives, Simmons, Smi'h of Indiana,
Southard, Talimadge, White, and Woodbridge—26
NAYS—-Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal- ,
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Lmn, MacRoberts, Nicholson, Sevier, Smuh of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wood-
bury, and Wright—18
So the resolution io dismiss Blair and Rives as
Printers of the Senate to the 27th Congress was
adooted
Mi. CLAY of Kentucky moved the following
order:
Ordered, That the official bond taken from Blair
and Rives, as Printers of the Senate of the 27th
Congress, be delivered to them by the Secretary of
the Senate.
On this Mr BENTON called the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and the motion was carried by
a precisely similar vote to that on the above ques-
ion—jeas 26, nays 18.
The Senate then went mte Executive session, an I
afterwards adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, March U, 1841.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the following letter of
Messrs. Blair and Rives, which was read.
Globe Officf,
Washington, 15th March, 1841.
On the 12 h mst the Secretary of the Senate, in
obedience to a re«olution of the Senate, sent to us a
letter enclosing our bond for executing the printing
for tBat body during the 27th Congress; the con-
tents of wh ch letter we did not know when it was
handed to us, and on examining its contents, we
immediately returned it to the Secretary's office,
where it was left, with a letter demanding of htm
all the copy that has been ordered to be printed, or
that may be ordered to be printed, by the Senate,
during the 27th Congress.
We now inform the Senate that we are prepared,
and have been ever since our e'ecuon, to execule
any printing that his been ordered, and shall keep
ourselves prepared to execute all the priming that
may be ordered by the Senate during the 27th Con-
gress, and we hereby respectfully demand the copy
of all that has been ordered, and .all that may be
oidered during the 27th Congress, as fast as the
orders shall be made
Respectfully,
BLAIR & RIVES.
To the Senate oflhs United States
The letter was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PRESTON rose and add rented the Senate
as follows: It is, I am sure, painfully within the
recollection of the Senate, that a few da) s since a
very unpleasant collision occurred on this floor be-
tween the Senator from Kentucky and the Senator
from Alabama. Any interruption of the habitual
and characteristic harmony of this body, or the par-
liamentary decorum of us proceedings, is, under
any circumstances, deeply to be regretted, but espe-
cially ¡n the present case, inasmuch as the mani-
festation of heat occurred between Senators of such
long and distinguished standing. It might well be
supposed that nothing but miotake or accident
could have led to such a resu't, and thoroughly
convinced of this, I n^e, Mr. President, to state
my conv etion of" the existence of misapprehen-
sion, and to slate succinctly the mode in which it
occurred.
On the occasion alluded to, the Senator from
Kentucky, conceiving that the remarks of the Se-
nator from Alabama were calculated and intended
to be injurious to his character, and peisonally of-
fensive, retorted in language of direct affront—lan-
guage which I am convinced he could not have em-
ployed, but under a deep sense of injury. In this
view of the remarks of tae Senator fiom Alabama,
I beh ve he was mistaken Indeed I am convinced,
from information which has casually come to my
possession, that the Senator from Alabama did not
intend to be personally offensive. At the bottom of
this affair, therefore, there i  a misapprehension,
which I aupounce with pleasure, and in the confi-
dent belief that, being announced, the honorable
and distinguished Senators will permit no personal
difficulty to arrest an adjustment which is earnestly
demanded by the Senate and ihe country.
Mr. CLAY said he shared with the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr Preston] m the regret which
he had manifested, on account of the occurrence
