APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bee. 1840.
26th Cong.......2nd Sess 
Message of the Presiden'.
ien. & H. of Reps.
ample provision has been made ¡or the adminis-
tration of justice and ihe execution oí the laws; if
the claims upin pub'ie gratitude in behalf of ihe
soldiers of the Revolution have been premply met
and faithfully áUeharged; if there hate been no
failures in defraying the very large expenditures
growing out of that long continued and salutary
policy of peacefully removing ¡be Indians to re-
gions of comparative safety and prosperity; it the
public faith has at all times, and every where been
most scrupulously maintained by a prompt dis-
charge of ihe numerous, extended, and diversified
claims on the Treasury; if ail ihese gieat and per-
manent objects, with many others that might be
stated, have, for a series of years, marked by pecu-
liar obstacles and difficulties, been successfully ac-
complished without a resort to a permanent debt,
or the aid of a national bank, have we not a right
to expect that a policy, the object of which has
been to sustain the public set vice independently of
cither of these fruui u I sources of discord, will re-
serve the final sanción of a peop'e abose un-
biassed and fairly elicited judgment upon public
affairs is never ultimately s-ring?
That embarrassments in. he pecuniary en-
ceras of individuals., of unexampled extent and
duration, have recently exis el in ih:s, as in other
commercial nations, is undoubtedly true. To sup-
pose it necessary now to trace these reverse-! to
their sources, would be a reflection on the intelli-
gence of my fellow-citizens. Whatever maj have
been the obscurity in which ¡he subject was in-
volved during the eailter stages of the revulsion,
there cannot now be ¡n?ny by whim the whole
question is not fully undíi;iood.
Not deeming it with n the corisiiiuiicn.il powers
of the General Government to reps'r private loss-
es sustained by reverses in bus-iiitfs> having no con-
nection with the public servic, either by cbrec- ar>-
propriations from the Tre.-..-u<y, or by special legis-
la ion designed lo secu-e exclusive privilege-; and
immunities to individuals or classes in preference lo,
and at the expense of, the gteat majority necessari-
ly debarred from any participauon in ¡hem, no
attempt to do so has been either made, recom-
mended, or encouraged, by the present Execu-
tive.
It is believed, however, that the great purposes
for the attainment of which the federal Govern-
ment was insiituted have not been l:st sight of. In-
trusted only with certain ¡imite l powers, cautious-
ly enumerated, distmc'iy specified, and deáned with
a precision and clearness which would seem to de-
fy misconstruction, it has been my constant aim
to confine myself wi'hin ihe limi's so clearly mark-
ed out, and so carefully guarded. Having alwaj-s
been of opinion that ihe best preservative of ihe
union of the States is to he lound in a total absti-
nence from the exercise of all doubtful powers on
the part of the Federal Governiactü, iaíLut ihanin
attempts to assume ihem by a loose construction
of the Constitution, or ¿n ingenious perversion of
i!s words, I haye en Jeavored to avoid recommend-
ing any measure which I had reasi n to apprehend
wouid, in the opinion even of a considerable mi-
nority of my feilow-cii.zens, by regarded as (reach-
ing on the tights of the Slates, or the provisions of
the hallowed instrument of our Union. Viewing
the aggregate po&ers of the Fedeia! Gcvfrnaientas
a voluntary concession of the Sutts, it seemed to
me that such only should be exercised as were at
the time intended to be given.
I have been strenglhed, too, in ¡he proprie-
ty =o! this coarse, by ihe onviction that all if.
irte to so beyond !bis, tend only to produce
dissatisfaction and distrust, to excite jealou-
sies, and to provoke resistance. Instead o.< ~ad-
ing strength to ¡the Federal Government, even
when successful, they must ever prove a source cf
incurable weakness, by alienating a portion of
those whose adhesion is indispensable to the great
aggregate of united strength, and whose voluntary
atiachment is, mmy estimation, far more esssnlial
to the efficiency oí a Government «trong m ihe bctt
of all possible strength—ihe confidence snd attach-
ment of ail those who make up itw constituent
s!ements.
Thus believing, it has been my purpose to secare
to th* whole people, and to every memhes of the
conied-racy, by genera!, salutary, and equal laws
alone, the benefit of thoie Republican institutions
which it wai ihe end am! aim of the Constitution to
establish, and ih? impartial ii>fluei.cj of which is, in
my judgmvai, indispensable to their preserva-
tion. 1 cannot bin g mjsslf to relieve lhat the
lasting happiness of the people, theprospeiity of the
States, or the permanency of their Union, can be
maintained by giving reference or priority to any
class of ciiiz-n$ in the distribution of benefits or
privileges, or by the adoption of measures which
enrich one portion of the Union at the expense of
another; nor can I see in the interference of the Fede-
ral Government with the losil legislation and re-
served righis of the State >, a remedy for present,
or a secuiity against future, dangers.
The first, and assuredly not the least, important
step towards relieving the eountry from the con-
dition into which it had bsen plunged by excesses
in trade, banking, and credits of all kinds;, was
to place the business transactions of the Go-
vernment itself on a solid basis; givistg and receiv-
ing in all cases value for value, and nei her coun-
tenancing nor encouraging in-others that delusiv 
system cf creuib from winch it has been found so
difficult to escape, and wnic-h ha1? left nothing be-
hind it but the wrecks that mark iis fatal career.
That the financial affairs of the Government are
now, and have been during the whole period of
these widespreading d'fficuHfs, c nducted with a
strict and invariable regard to this great fundamen-
tal principle, and that by the assumption and main-
tenance of the stand thus Ukea on the very
threshold of the approaching crisis, more than by
any other cause or causes whatever, the commu-
nity at Ierre has been ;hteld;d from the incalcula-
ble evils of a general aiad indefinite suspension of
specie paj «¡ems, and a consequent annihilation,
lor 'he who!; period it might have lasted, of a just
and invariable standard of value, will, it i> be-
lieved, at this period, scarcely be questioned.
A steady adheience, "n the part of ihe Govern-
ment, to ihe p.licy which has produced such salu-
tary resul's, aided by judicious State legislation,
and, what is not less important, by the industry,
enterprise, perseverance, and economy of the Ame-
rican people, cannot fail to raise the whole coun-
try, at an t «irly per.otl, to a Mate of solid and en-
duing prosperity, not subject to be again over-
thrown by 'he M.;.¡--n>io  of banks or the explo-
sion of a bloated credit sjStem. It is, for the peo-
ple, and their representatives, to decide whether
or not ih« penu£.ne&i welfare of ihe country
(which all geod otz.ns equally desire, however
widely they may differ ab to the means of its ac-
complishmi?jji) shall be in this way secured; or
whether the management of the pecuniary con-
cerns of ihe Government, and, by consequence,
to a great extent, (note of individuals aUo, shall be
earned back to a condition of things which fosiered
those contractions and expansions of the currency,
and those rcMess abo'es of credi', from ihe bale-
iul effects of which the country has so deedly suf-
fered—a return that csn promis--, in the end, no
better results thaa to reproduce the embarrassments
the Government has experienced; and lo remove
from the shoulders o£ the present, to those of fresh
victims, the bitter fruits oí that spirit of speculative
enterprise to which our countrymen are so luble,
and upon v.hich the lesson  of experience are so
unavailing. The choice is an important one, and I
sinceiely hope that it may be wisely made.
A report from the Secreia>y of War, presenting
a detailed view of the ffikirs of that department,
accompanies this communication.
The desultory duties connected with the removal
or the Indians, in which the army has been con-
stantly engaged on the A'orthern and Western fror>
ti'rs, and in Florida, have rendered it impractica-
ble to carry into full effect the plan •. econasiended
by the Secretary f r improving its discipline. In
every instance wnere ihe regiments have been con-
centrated, they have made gieat progress; and the
best resuiti may be anticipated from a continuance
of mis system. Daring trie la-t season, a part of
the troops h<sve been employed in removing Indians
frem the isterior to the territory assigned them in
the West—a duty which they have performed effi-
ciently, and with praiscwotthy humanity; and that |
portion of ¡hem which h3s been stationed in Flo-
rida continued active operations there throughout
the heats of summer.
The policy of ihe United States in regard to the
Indians, of which a succinct account is given
in my message of 1838, and of the wisdom and
expediency ot which I am fully satisfied, has
been continued in active operation throughout the
whole period of my administration. Since the
spring of 1837, more than forty thousand Indians
have been removed to their new homes west of the
Mississippi; and I am happy to add that all ac-
counts concur in representing the result of this
measure as eminently beneficial to that people.
The emigration of the Seminóles alone has been
attended with serious difficulty, and rccasioned
bloodshed, hostilities having been commenced by
the Indians in Florida, under the apprehension that
they would be compelled, by force, to comply with
their treaty stipulations. The execution of the
treaty of Payne's Landing, signed in 1832, but not
ratified until 1834, was postponed, at the solicita-
tion of the Indians, until 1836, when they again re-
newed their agreement to remove peaceably to their
new homes m the West. In the lace of thh solemn
and renewed compact, they broke their faith, and
commenced hostilities by the massacre of Major
Dade's command, the murder of their agent, Gene-
ral Thompson, and o'heracts of cruel treachery.
When this alarming and unexpected intelligence
reached the seat of Government, every effirt ap-
pears to have been made to reinforce General
Clinch, who commanded the troops then in Florida.
GeneralEustis was despatched with reinforcements
from Charleston, troops were called out from Ala-
bama, Tennessee, and Georgia, and General Scott
was sent to take the command, with ample powers
and ample means. At the first alarm, General
Gaines organized a fores at New Orleans, and,
without waiting for orders, landed in Florida,
where he delivered over the troops he had brought
with him to General Scott.
Gov. Call was subsequently appointed to conduct
a summer campaign, and, at the close of it, was
replaced by General Jesup. These events and
changes took place under the administration of my
predecessor. Notwithstanding the exertions of the
experienced officers who had command there for
eighteen months, on entering upon toe administra-
tion of the Government I found ¡he Territory of
Florida a prey to Indian atrocities. A strenuous
effort was immediately made to bring thess hostili-
ties to a close; and the army, under General Jesup,
was reinforced until it amounted to ten thousand
men, and furnished with abundant supplies of eve-
ry description. In this campaign a great number
of the enemy wtre captured and destroyed; but the
charac'.sr of the contest only was changed. The
Indians, having been defeated in every engagement,
dispersed in small bands throughout the country,
and became an enterprise, formidably and lutb-
less banditti. Genera! Taylor, who succeeded
General Jesup, used his best exertions to subdue
them, and was seconded m his efforts by the officers
under bin command; but he, too, failed to protect
the Territory from their depredations. By an act
of signal and cruel treachery, they broke ihe truce
made with them by General Macomb, who was
sent from Washington for the purpose of carrying
into effect the expressed wishes; of Congress, and
have continued their devastations ever since. Gene-
ral Armistead, who was in Florida when General
Taylor left the army, by permission, assumed the
command, and, after active summer operations,
ivas met by propositions for peace; and, from the
fortunate coincidence of the arrival in Florida, at
the same period, cf a delegation from the Semi-
nóles who are happily settled west of the Missis-
sippi, and are now anxious to persuade their coun-
trymen to join them there, hopes were for some
time entertained that the Indians might be induced
to leave the Territory without further difficulty.
These hopes hive proved fallacious, and hos-
tilities bave been renewed throughout the whole
of the Territory. That this contest has endured
so long, is to be attributed to causes beyond
the control of the Government. Experienced ge-
nerals have had the command of the troops; offl 
ccrs p.nd soldiers have 9 like distinguished theffl"
