Dec. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7
26th Cong...-2nd Sess.
proceeds to perform—of prefentirg some opini n
concerning the amoums tj which, under the exisi-
ing laws, aad the calls of the different department.-,
they are likely to attain.
He will further suggest any genera! changes
which appear to him expedient, as well as any new
means deemed necessary to meet all the burdens,
which, it is apprehended, may be imposed.
The estimates f r the ordinary receipts and ex-
penditures in the ensuing year differ some millions
from what will be actually receivei and expended
in the present one.
It is calcula'ed, however, lhat the difference will
be what is always most desirable,—some inetease
of the receipts, and a further diminution of the ex-
penditures.
The estimates for the latter, in the present year,
were made less than those of 1839, and the results
have corresponded. Indeed, it is a cause of much
gratification that the expectations heretofore che-
rished, of materially reducing the public burdens,
have been verified to so ereat an extent. Thus,
the expenses of 1838 fell below those of 1837;
while the expenses of 1839, notwithstanding the
Continuance of the Florida war, were nearly eight
millions below those of 1838; and it is expected
that the expenses of 1840 will be from two to three
millioas still lower, or quite ten millions less than
those of 1838.
They would have been nearly twelve millions
less, had not that war continued, and unusually
large payments been male to Indians, ander old
appropriations.
It is believed that the ordinary expenses of 1841
ought to fall some millions below these in 1840;
as the pensions have dimisished by deaths,
fewer Indians remain to be removed, several ex-
pensive public buildings huve been mo.s ly finished,
and hostilities with the Seminóles must be nearer to
a close.
More details concerning the estimates for the
next year will be proper, and will illustrate the cor-
rectness of some of the preceding results.
It may be stated,  from the best data in posses-
sion of this Department, that the receipts, under the
existir g laws, will probably be as follows:
From customs       .           .           .     $19,000,000
From lands            .           .           .         3,500,000
From miscellaneous           .           .              80,000
Add  the expected  balance m the
Treasury, available on the 1st of
January next    .           .           .         1,580,855
The aggregate of ordinary means for
, the next year would then be            .   24 160,855
There will be nothing more, either of
principal or interest, due from
banks, which is likely to be made
available, except about      .           .       220,000
A power will exist, under the act of
31st March, 1840, to issue Treasu-
ry notes till a year from iis passage
expires, but not to make ihe whole
emission outstanding at any one
time exceed five millions of dollars.
Thi-i will furnish additional means,
equal to ihe computed amount
which can be issued at the close of
the present year, being about         .         342,618
Hence, there may be added, from
these several jources, so much as to
make the whole means for ihe next-
year           ....    24,723,473
On the other hand, the expenditures
for 1841 for ordinary purposes, if
Congress make no reduction in the
appropriations requested by the dif-
ferent departments, are estimated
at               ....   19,250,000
This would leave a balance in the
Treasury, at the close of the year,
equal to     ....     5,473473
But certain payments must also be
made on account of the^funded and
unfunded debt, unless Congress au-
thorize contracts to be formed for
Repo I of the Secretary of the Treasu
txtendirg* the tim? of their pay-
ment. Tuts, thrra will be re-
quired—                                    '.'     f
On account of 'he funded debt, ch!;í¡y
for the cities of this D sirk i        .. .       §149,200
For the redemption of Treasury note.--,
if all the others be issued v.'hich can
be under the present law, as then
the amount returned within A. D.
1811 will probably not exceed       .     4,500,000
$4 649,200
Estimated balance in the Treasury at
the close of the next year, afier all
payments whatever            .           .      $824,273
Thus it will be seen that if the whole of these
charges, both ordinary and extraord'nary, should be
required to be extinguish d in 1841, the estimated
means will be sufficient for that purpose, but may
not, besides, 'eave so large a balance ia ihe Trea-
sury as is convenient and useful. The bevt mode
of obviatiBg any difficulty which m;ght aáse fi\<m
lhat circumstance will soon be consideted by itself.
For some further general view of the grounds of
the estimate of the expenditures for 1F41, it will be
necessary to ad veri a few moxtnts to the new and
old appropriations from which Ihose expenditures
arc to be made.
The new ones, proposed by the different De-
partments for the service of 1841, amount to
$16,621,520 28.
Viz: Civil, diplomatic, and miscella-
neous     .... #3,450,740 13
Miliiary    ....    7,725,440 94
Naval        ....    5,445,339 21
Besides these, ccrlain permanent appropriations
under existing laws will become chargeable on the
Treasury ehrii'g ¡he next >ear, in sums as fol-
lows:
For ordinary purposes.
Military       ....       $864,000
For other purposes-
Public debt, including iiierest and
first   instalment   for the  District
of Columbia         .            .           .          149,200
Redeeming Treasury no'es  .           .       4,500,000
These would make the new charges, for ordina-
ry purposes, under both new and permanent appro-
priations, amount lo $17,485,520 28- But, in-
cluding tiie public debt and the redemption of
Treasury notes, these charges would be $22,134,-
720 28.
it will be peiceived, therefore, that the aggregate
of acmal expenditures during 1841 has been com-
puted to be §1,764,480 higher than the estimated
amount of hew and permanent appropriations.
This is done not only because some small over-
sights have doubt.ess occurred in the latter, and
unavoidable omis-ions, as will be seen by ihe
notes, but some new prívale bills, granting money,
may be pass; d by Congress, and a greater propor-
tion of the outstanding appropriations at tho end of
1840 (though reduced as much as three or four
millions less than at the end of 1839) may be ex-
pended in 1841, than will b: left unexpended of the
new charges imposed. These last two Hems aie
usually computed to equal each other. The De-
partments calculate that $6,661,123 of thi old ap-
propriations will be required lo complete the pur-
poses originally contemplated by ihem.
They propose only to apply about p,749,904 of
them to the service of the ensuipg year, without re-
appropriation; and the residue, amounting to
$138,878, it is expected will go to ihe surplus fund
They «sitmate the whole of them at the close of the
year to be $10,549,905.
VI. A few more explanations of other grounds
for ihe estimates of receipts and expenditures for
the next >ear may be useful.
It will be noticed that the estima'es for both are
founded principally on the existing laws. S.iould
Congress, therefore, alter the tariff, so as to in-
crease or reducs the duties, ihe expected amount of
receipts must of course be varied in that propor-
tion.
So it must be if Congress makes any essential
change in respect to the public lands, and either
Sen. & JH. of Reps.
passes a giaduition bill, and creates new land dis-
tr.cti in which surveys are ready for large sales, as
this would increase ¡he imxedtate receipts; or if,
on the other hacd, it should, distribute the proceeds
of the i-?Jes among the States, as lhat would dimi-
nish the revenue applkable to the purposes of tha
General Government, and render a resort to new
taxation, an increased tariff, or a loan, indispensa-
ble, to ihe extent of the distribution.
The estimates of the receipts from customs have
b?en lessened somewhat, because the importation
of certain articles paying a duty will, in 1841, b«s
partially postponed to 1842, in consequence of tk«
great reduction in the tariff en them which will
take place in the latter year under the existiag
laws.
So have thry been on account of the greater pro-
portionate bounties and drawbacks which are now
returned on several articles, and some beneficial
operation anticipated fhm the Independent Trea-
sury in checking speculation.
On the contrary, the revulsions in business
which have occurred since t'-e middle of 1839, and
deejtly affected the. revenue of some other countries
as well as our own, and the protracted suspension
of specie payments by many of the banks, which
has continued over a large part of the United States
since October in tha. jear, will probably terminate
soon, by the salutary reaction of great commercial
principle.*; and lhat event mGSt be accompanied by
a considerable increase of imports and duties.
The ¡ muunt of the latter, therefore, has been esti-
mated higher than ihe actual receipts in the pre-
sent jcar, but not so high as they were in 1839 by
about two mdlions, nor so high as many anticipate
they will be. But if the banks do not speedily re-
sume, it is to be fsared that the estima'e will prove
larger, instead of smaller, ¡han events will verify.
The revenue from lan's must continue to be
lower under the piesent laws ih m might otherwise
be expected, because that portion of the vast sales
in 1835 and 1836 which were made to speculators,
must for some years longer come into the market
in competition with the Government; and the emi-
gration to Texas, as well as the continuance of the
suspension of specie payments by the banks over
much of ¡he West and Southwest, is likely to ope-
rate injuriously somewhat longer, though probably
with a force much diminished.
In respect to the estimates for expenditures, it
need only be observed here, that any considerable
addition mv.'e by Congrers to the nesv appropria-
tions called lor, would require a provision of fur-
ther means to meet them, corresponding in amount;
and any dimmuton in tbos> appropr.ations would
also reduce, in a similar manner, the amount of
means otherwise necessary.
VII. It is proper to advert next to the best mode
of avoiding any inequality between the anticipated
receipts and expenditures, either in 1841 or 1842.
It has already been shown lhat the whole amount
of receipts in 1841 will piobably be sufficient t 
discharge all ordinary expenditures, and those parts
of tiie outstanding debt, funded or unfunded,
which may become due, But the preservation of
a suitable balanee in ihe Treasury may require
more than what will probably be left after satisfy-
ing other purposes. The raising of any sum for
that object in 1841 could, however, be obviated by
authorizing a contract to be made, under proper
restriction!', extending the period of payment for a
portion of the temporary liabili'ies tailing due in
that 5 ear. Yet, in the opinion of the undersigned,
the best mode of providing for this case would be,
without either an extension of this kind, or a loan,
or a further issue of Tieasury notes, or a change
in the tariff; but merely by les emng the appropri-
ations for tr.e service of 1841 below the estimates,
or by passing scch declaratory clauses as to the
present tariff, and such acts as to the public land?,
as have heretofure been urged on the consideration
of Congress.                                                 "    ,,
The arguments in favor of some further di-
minution in our expenditures, and the general
items in which the reduction is considered most
compatible with the public interests, were so fully
exhibited in the last two annual reports as to render
a repetition of them unnecessary.
It was then believed that the laws could be alter-
