8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAJL GLOBE.
Dec. 1840
28th Cong......2nd Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sen. & H. of Reps.
etf so as to admit of safely curtailing the appropri-
ations at once, to such an extent ihat the expendi-
tures need not eseeed, in the aggregate, seventeen
or eighteen millions yearly. After more of the
pejmoas terminate, and the removal of the Indians
is completed, ihey could be beneficially contracted
tb even less than that amount. Such a reduction
«wis first adverted to seems, therefore, proper to be
adopted now, since it could be effected without the
probability of injury to any useful national esta-
blishment, would promote public frugality, and su-
njeriede the necessity either of higher tariffs, direct
tixes, or permanent debts.
If that líe not done, the secondary measures be-
fore suggested, such as a declaratory act to enforce
t'je present tariff, a suitable modification of the
drawbacks and bounties; and the passage of bills
graduating the price of public land.?, as well as
creating some new districts for the sale of them,
would be likely, ¡f taking effect early, to yield a
suitable supply in the course of th  year.
It will be observed, however, that though, under
either of these arrangements, enough might ba ob-
tained within the whole of 1841 for the objects
contemplated, yet not a due or sufficient proportion
in the first quartvr; because by that time all the
measures are not likely to go into full operation,
nor much of the anticipated increase to happen in
the actual receipts of duties under existing laws.
Unusually heavy expenses wi'l also fall on that
quarter in the next year. In addition to a full por-
tion of most of the current expenses, and the whole
pension payments for the first half of the ye. r, and
one-third of a million, or more, for all the annual
fishing bounties, there will be imposed on it most
of the charges for the whole year connected with
the session of Congress and private bills, a<; well a 
large payments for taking the census, and for the
first instalment of the debt of this District ¡-eteral
of them as early even as the first day of Januaty.
From these circumstances, and the considerations
that all which is due from the banks may net
be then paid, and that the balance in the Trea-
sury, under the policy adopted by Congress of late
years, will of necessity be small, while the fluc-
tuations and inequalities are very great between
the receipts and expenditures in different portions
of the year, to which we are constantly exposed
from causes that have on former occasions been
explained at length, it must be obvious that entire
safety requires a conditional power to be seasona-
bly conferred on the Executive to obtain at any
time with 1841 such subsidiaiy means as may be
needed for a few moth , and as may be sufficient
to enable the Tteasury punctually to discharge,
during that year, all the liabilities imposed by Con-
gress.
There is another contingency under the existing
laws, as to duties, which requires attention, with a
view to be properly prepared for il; though legis-.
iaiion concerning the subject is not necessary so
early as in the other case, because the event on
which it depends cannot actually happen till the
year 1842.
Thus the progressive reduction of ihe present ta-
riff, which has been going on smce;i833, will, after
December, 1841, take effect to a much larger ex-
tent than heretofore. Nearly two millions and a
half of dollars will then be deducted at once.
_ On the 1st of July afterwards, at least two mil-
lions and a half moie of duties will be removed;
making an aggregate, in six months, of quite five
millions. If the imports then should not differ
much from those m 1838, this would ¡cave an in ■
come from them, not probably exceeding ten or
eleven millions of dolíais yearly. It will therefoie
be necessary to make corresponding reductions ¡n
the expenditures of 1842, or seasonably provide
otherwise, in some permanent manner, 10 supply
any wants likely to happen from this cause.
Should Congress conclude ihai such reduction in
the expenditmes cannot properly be made, and thm
ihe imports for 1842 will not increase beyond tho e
ia 1833, the amount of the defic ency would, in
those events, probably differ but little from five
millions'. Sach a deficiency would, under ¡he'c,
circumótaness, be likely to become permanent, and
may be considered ¡he first of ¡hat character which
will occur under the tariff act of 1833.
The idea that such a deficiency in time of peace
ought to be supplied by issues of Treasury notes,
or by a ioan, has never been entertained by the
undersigned. Nor can it be countenanced by any
sound principles either of finance or political ece-
nomy. The inquiry then recurs, what other mode
would be more eligible? When we possessed an
extraordinary surplus, it was considered prudent by
Copgieis to make deposites with the States, with a
view to be returned in an exigency, rather than to
invest a p( rtion of it safely and productively, so as
to be realize in such an event. It would therefore
be consis eat with that arrangement to recall, in
1842, such part oí the surplus as may be then
needed.
That course, however, appears not very likely to
be adopted, since the former power given to this
Department to recall these deposites has been taken
away by Congress.
Another practicable mode would be to resort to
direct taxes. But this is so unsuited to the general
habits, and so uncongenm lo the opinions «f most
of our population, ihat its adoption is not to be an-
ticipated. Sosne other permanent resource must
then be looked to. The choice will probably rest
between the large reduction of expenditures, with
the other accompanying measures before specified,
and some extensive modification of ihe present ta-
riff. Explanations have heretofore been given by
the undersigned in favor of the former course; and
it would probably prove: sufficient to meet ihe emer-
gency, if the reduction be pushed vigorously, and
especially if the imports after 1841 shall exceed
those in 1838, which is regarded as probable.
But Congress may n t coincide wi h him in opi-
nion on these point.', and, for covering the eonttn-
g"ncy, may onsider the adoption of some perma-
nent change in the taiirf as preferable, and as not
too rarly at the present session, to give full notice
of its chatacter, before goiug into operation, in or-
d.-r tint the different interests most affected by it
shall have time lo beceme gradually adjusted to its
provisions.
In that event, it might be supposed that the un-
dersigned had avoided due responsibility, and a
timely discharge of duty, if he were not prepared
to offer some views concerning the details, as well
as general principles, which he deems applicable to
such a change. He has therefore examined the
subjec, and is ready to present the results at any
moment either House of Congress shall express a
wish to that effect. But he refrains from submit-
ting them without a special request, because some
doubt exist', under ciicumstances which can be
properly appreciate!*, as to the delicacy of his dis-
cussing a measure at this time, which the Legisla-
ture may not consider it necessary to act on till a
new Congress assembles.
VIII. The mode of keeping ihe public money
recently established by Congreso, has thus far an-
swered the expectations of this Department.
The numerous labors, perplexities, and delays of
putting a new system into operation, have been
mostly overcome, and no losses whatever are
known to hove or.curred under it.
Some of the provisions in the law are deemed
objectionable in their details and are respectfully
recommended lo Congress for revision. But they
are not supposed to affect in the slightest degree
any principle involved in the measure.
Thus, the ordinary clerks authorized are nume-
rous enough, yet a principal one is needed at New
York city, with such compensation as is usual at a
place of so Urge and important business,
On full inquiry, it has bsen found also ihat no
site could probably be purchased for the erection of
an office at St. Louis,,wh:ch would be more suita-
ble than a lot now owned by the United States;
and it ma,; be, under a further examination which
is in progress, that no now building could be erect-
eo on thai site, which would prove more economi-
cal and conven em, irwn one which can be pur-
chased already eree'ed. A suitable change in the
appropriation on that subject is therefore respect-
fully recommended
A provision is needed likewise in case of vacan-
cies, from any caase whatever, in the offices of re-
ceivers general and treasurers. One has formerly
been asked in relation to collectors of the customs,
in cases of removals and-expirations of the terms
of office, to prevent an interregnum in the dis-
charge of the duties. This might properly be
adopted as to them, and extended to receivers gene,
ral and the Treasurer of the United States, as well
as of the Mint and its branches, in all instances
whatever of vacancy or temporary inability of the
piincipal. Perhaps the ¡east objectionable mode to
effect this object would be, to direct that the chief
clerk of all these officers should, in such eases, and
where no other legal provision now exists, be au-
thonzed snd required to discharge these duties, at
the risk and under the responsibility of the princi-
pal and his securities, till ihe vacancy is filled, or
the disability removed.
In consequence of some defects in the phraseo-
logy of the penal parts of the act, a new clause
extending them to all disbursing officers of every
character under- the Gene.al Government would bs
judicious. A further provision also, respecting
the places of deposite, by disbursing officers, of
money not in Jie Treasury, but drawn out and
put into their hands for making payments, appears
necessary.
The keeping of such money is now regulated by
the act of 3d of March, 1809; and if it is intended
to bring it within the operation of the late law aw
to maney in the Treasury, it seems proper to do so
by an explicit enactment.
The sectien requiring disbursing oifisers to sell
their drafts for specie alone, though certain pro-
portions of paper are allowed to be received for all
public dues, appears not to be in symmetry with
tho?e Miher provisions. The general influence of
the present system is believed to have been thus
far salutary. The true standard of value has be;n
rendered more familiar, eonSdenee has been m-
creaied in its stability, pries have gradually risen,
business improved, and exchanges altered greatly
for the better.
If something has been or may te lost in conve-
nience, (which is not unlikely,) by the increasing
disuse ot a paper currency lor public payments,
much more will probably be gained by the cir-
cumstances before enumerated, as well as by the
greater security in the use of specie, the more
stable value imparted by the present system to pro-
perty and labor, and the strong check established
by it, not only against defalcations, but against
bank expansions, excessive speculations, and com-
mercial fluctuations.
Even any inconvenience attending this change
in the currency used, if found particularly embar-
rassing, can be overcome hereafter, and the sys-
tem still maintained, should Congress feel disposed
to adopt the measure which was suggested for that
purpose by the undersigned in September, 1837.
Such a measure would often furnish every ad-
vantage of a circulating medium, easy of transpor-
tation, of the highest possible credit, and at the
same time requiring an equal amount of specie to
be employed, (though in deposi'e,) and without
subjecting any of the fiscal affairs of the Govern-
ment to that legal dependence on corporations for
their management, which is so objectionable in
many respects, as never to have been attempted in
the management of any of its other affairs, civil or
military.
The topics of the condition of the banks of the
Union; the state of the currency; the proper places
of deposite for the public funds, and other matters
immediately connected with ihem, have engrossed
a considerable portion of the annual rpports from
thi-J Department for several yeais.
But the keeping of the money in the Treasury
being now separated fiom ihe banks, and the kind
oí money to be received and paid out fixed by new
legal provisions, it is not considered material at
this time further to discuss these matters, than to
submit ihe general remarks which will be found at
the close of this communication.
IX. Some miscellaneous topics connected with
the finances deserve a brief notice.
The various measures heretofore recommended
to Congress by the undersigned, and which have
not yet been finally acted on, ate again respectful-
ly recalled to its attention.
Without recapitulating them, it will be found, on
a reference to former reports, that many of the sub-
