Dec.  1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$
26th Cons....2nd Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sen. & H. of Beps.
)eess possess much importance m a fisca! view, and
every year's experience has nrengthened the con-
viction of the usefulness oí early a-">on upon
them.
It affords me pleasure to state that, since the last
ses ion, the INeapoIitan Government, under it- trea-
ty of indemnity, has paid promptly another instal-
ment  which this Department has been enabled to
vhave remitted ho^ie early, and distributed among
the claimants.
The situation of the General L°nd Office, and
its operations with n the year, vill be submitted se-
parately m a few days.
Six old land distrctshave been recen Jy discon-
tinued, under the act of June 12, 1840 It ,s be-
lieved that some others might economically and use-
fully be abolished by Congress, though not coming
within the provisions ot that ¡aw ¡Smb. is the
office at Greensburg,| Louisiana. One district in
Indiana, including the capital ot the State, is
thought, from its peculiar positi n, to require spe-
cial legislation to exempt it from the operation cf
the late act.
This occasion is taken, also, to renew the recom
mendations, before presented by this. Department 10
Congress and the appiopiiate comrruuees, for ihe
dtscon'i'uiarce if ctnain off.ceis no  emp'ojed in
the collection of duties, whose further services, it
has been believed, could be safely dispensed with,
in consequer.ee of the reduct on in business of late
years at tas differcm r'aces where they are station-
ed. They include some collector's and nava1 offi-
cer'1, and several surveyor", amounting in ad to
eijhteen, but whoso offices caurot be abashed
without new legislation
All the subordinate custom-house officer?, wh ch
it is eompe em for this Department, without &uch
legislation, to dispense with, and whose si uation
was in other respects similar, have a'ready been
discontinued, ínc'udirg withm t vo years, mure
thanfiity (fficers and,bes des thi se, five ve-s !, \m\
boats, with neatly one burdred men, m tie cutlet
service. In about rorty other ca es, Ji* compensa-
tion of officer  and ligtu-house keepers lu  been re-
duced.
X. In closing this last annual report of ihe un-
dersigned, it ma/ be expected ths,t he would ad-
vert, for a moment, to the general character of
some of our financial operatioi s during the period
of his conneciion with the Tiea^ury Department
Though employed in different Executive offices
nearly ten years, he has been connected wi h 'he
Treasury only from <-ix to seven of them
During this term there has oceured much to
evince the great fiscal power, a^ well as p o'-penty
of the Union Some reverse have, at times, over-
taken the rashne-s displayed by parts of tiie com-
munity in certain blanches business, and have ex-
tended their adverse influences to the revenue de-
pendent upon them. But the period and the coun-
try, as a whole, have been almost unexampled in
prosperous developments
Thus, in respect to our receipts. Notwithstand-
ing the unusual revulsions m imports on two rcca-
sions, so sensibly lessening the revenue, notwith-
standing any losses sustained in those crises-, by the
Government, through ©ffie  rs, banks, or merchants,
and notwithstanding the biennial reduction in ihe
duties, which has by law been constantly going
on, as well as tV remission oí several mil ions
to railroad corporations, and under new judicial
constructions, yet our condition has been so
flourishing, as to yield a 'evenue during thn
time sufficient, af'cr all tho«e deduct ons, ta ac-
complish the following ímoorunt r suits It has
enabled the Treasury to mea the current expendí
lures of the Government, ts well as th« extraord -
nary ones by Indian wars, treaties, and other costly
measures, and, without imposing any nevv taxes,
or higher tariff, and without any new funded debt
whatever, but extinguishing considerable remans
of the old one, and paying the interest on ftw' as-
sumed for this|Distnet,tosave the unprecedented sur-
plus of more than fventy-eight millions of dol-
lars, and depoMie the same with the States for
safe keeping till needed by ihe General Govern-
ment.
The only permanent aid m effecting this, beyond
the receipts iron  ordinary sources, has teen the
debt due fro m the United States B ink, of about eight
millions, and the Treasury notes now outstanding,
equal to nearly four and a half millions But dur-
ing that period, a sum not far from the first amount
has b"en applud to the discharge of the principal
and interest of ihe old funded debt, so that, to-
wards -he paymt nt of all other expense', only be-
tween four and five millions, beyond what was
temporary, and what has already been refunded or
adjusted, have been recei 'ed from any extraneous
source whatever
It follows, therefore, that the current revenue,
notwithstanding all leductions, ha  been ad qaate
to dpfray b  h the ordinary and extraordinary de
mands, ant', at er taking from whit is depos 'ed
w th ¡he S'h es, soffic>ent to exl"igm,h evciy kind
of mdeb'edne^s cea'ed on account of the General
Governm-nt during the same period, to leave on
hand the large balance of neaily twenty-foui mi1-
lioas
It is true that the av¿<1able si ms in the Treasury
at the Commencement and clo"e of the period in
quest on will probably prove d'ffeient in am un1,
but if made equa , a surplus would mil be le't,
which is likely to evC3ed sever, een cr eighteen ii 1-
hen* of doll ir?.
Becd- this refO'i'od evidence tt the inr-ren .
of the c ii-Mry and i'ie fiscal aulity i die General
Government m th >se vears. n is gratii)irg, amid t
m<.ny misappretiens'ors concerning tne subject, to
trfleet on another circumstarc*" connee'ed with ou'
finar c al operations, which fps a'so berime matter
of histen It is this- Tnou h destitute of the aid
oía United Su'es Ban* ?>a fiscal agent during hai
¡ennl, and boffled by various unremed.ed imper-
fections in the laws corneeted  nh the finances, a^
veil as emoarrais-  1 by t vo suspensions oi tp°cit
paymenN oy mat. y < f ihe feta s banks—"Hie su ¡
continuing, ye! the Treasury b.*s been able lo mate
its vi>st cillecuons, ir.ms ers and p> yment , with
prompli u le, and 11 mo t c s with specie ti Ks
equivalent
Some eorre-t judgment can be formed of the ex
tert and d fh «I y ot .tie e ip-rations, whon if is
leco leeied th t the whole sums winch hive ihu--
been collated, wiihout deducting fraction*, added
to tnoi-e -ums which have been paid over enielly
b-f ano'ner ela's of (fliers, I avp excei-djd
the extraordinary aggregate of $ 360 000 000
and leen d.sper cd over a territory cf neatly
two million -quau miles in extent. It is, mcre-
o/er, ascertained lint the vh>le )oss s witl in
the s^me time by defaul s, Ime and «¡mall, and
nal kinds ot cilices, wnl procably not enial
halt of one pr ceat- on that amount, and ioi-
ever official deiirqucncies may, in some c.e>,
have inevitably bee.i aggravated by the unpre-
cedented «peculations of ihe times, and by
great revulsions and failuies among banks
and individuals, tnese losses will not be t ne-four h
so large, m pr^poraon to the amounts collected and
paid, as m some previous terms, when the s>stem
under a United States Bank was in full opeia ice
A few woids may be pioper as to the expuidi
tuns during the same period. Though they v ere
of necesMly augmented by some of the circum-
stances before mentioned, two Indian treaties omy,
out of a larg number, having already involved us
in the expense of nearly twenty-three millions of
dollars, yet the aggr gate of all has been much re-
duced since the influences of thoee causes ard the
impulses of an overflowing Treasury have dim
mshed The expenditures have fallen yearly since
1837, till they are now only tweniy-two and a half
m 1 ions independent of any deitand trusts, and
aie supposed to be in p ogress to a still lower
amount
The undersigned has earnestly a ged a more rapid
reduction He has has considered ihe great sa e-
guard against a too sp'erdid central go^ernmeni,
which would constantly threaten to overshado v all
Sta'e !nüependence,and attract the ambmon of most
ot the fpen s of State Rish sfromhumb er pa hsof
frugality and pnnuple into the dfyylina vor'ex of
higher paironsge, honors, and emoluments Whue
the s ímuiants to excesses snail continue to lessen,
nothing will be necesssary tr> irsure the lur her suc-
cess of an economical po'cy, but perseverance m
retrenchments., wherever they are practicable wan-
out injury to the pnblitrtirerests. -Ths removsiíoí
Indans being mostly finished, and the cuief
causes tf frontier wars extinguished, unless new
objects of expenditute b> selected, or a greit en*
Iar?em<?nt given to some already existing, the
whole amount imi<t, of necessity, contract hereafter
very rapidly. The same result will be further
p-or"ot( d by the deaihs of pensioners, increasing
through advanced age, and the completion of many
public work0, as well as by persisting in a firm po-
licy to avoid the wasteful expense of unnecessary
foreign collisions, and to refrain from those lavish
expenditures for certain domestic object , over
which the jurisdiction of the General Government
is often questionable, and which always open the
Widest dooi to extravagance, favoritism, and cor-
ruption
One of the greatest evils lo the public service, a3
well as to the secan'j of private bus'n°ss, during a
part of the above period, has consisted in the fluc-
tuations to which both have been subjected
With only a single jeai intervening, and with-
out any material change m the tariff, or any what-
ever in the price of the public land', we have seen
the revenue from ordinary sources suddenly vary
from nearly fifty millions annually to eighteen; and,
on i "o occasion-  inc~, ábrate to the extraordi-
nary °iient ot nearly eight and eleven millions
yearly
Ihe transaci'ons of ind ,'duals upon which our
revenue depend", mu=t, of course, have undergone
an utiusHa1 charge at the same time.
The ltrpor s fed wthm two je?r , in the case
first referred to, from near one hundred and ninety
miliKPs to one liumlri.d and fouiteen; and in the
sina'e year just passed, fell almost sixty millions
Such inflations and contraction's must be destruc-
tive of all confidence in calculations for ihe future,
while ihe causes cf them shall continue'o operate
unremedied.
What were those cause 1
T¡.( y wnl be found to have been chiefly connect-
ed wnh the abuses of banking On the occasion
first referred to, they were ihe superabundance
oí a fictitious medium of circu'a'ion, wnh the at-
tendant oveiirauiug and sper illations m 1836, and
the consequent ¡suspmsions of specie payments in
1837, as well as the disasters and scarcity of any
medium till the la.ter part of A D 1838 Then
another expansion commenced, extending into
1830, and accompanied by another mercase in im-
ports of nearly fiftj millions, which ended again in
the conHac'ioris by banñs, suspensions, and com-
roerc , 1 reverse , v hich nave luddtn'y reduced the
impi Us if 1840 more tií^i o^e-third, and in many
pUces augmciied ^ íouslj. the en>barras m*nisbe-
fore ex sim^ from simi'ar v.editions m the paper
currency.
How far «-o-n  irrpriiJences abroad, at tne same
time, simiki to these, thougn m a country enjoying
any alvantages whieh can result irom a National
Bank, may have augmen'ed ihe evils here, by
meaes of ihe ímima'e moneyed relations between
us, need not now be di cu*sed, though probably
their influence was la'ge and unfavorable.
The causes first named were, likewise, m full
operation here in 1816 and 1817, and were suc-
ceeded by many of the same deplorable conse-
quences in 1819 and 1830 One followed the
other as inev tab'y as the ebb of the tide succeeds
its flood.
Tne p'eat pnncin'es of trade can never be long
vi late' wi h impunm, and any fetihous or unna-
tural excess i f ciedit s on ends in revuls on=, as the
f s ence of ler; umite e mt" >ee cons s. s in an ex-
change cf va'ues for each other, or of values for
what t uly leprc «n « va ue=, and can be readily
converted into 'nem
Ad busmoo o hervíise I ecomes a mere game of
h zard, speculation nu^t ente into every affair of
1 fe, riches an 1 ¡"oyerly "ai'l fe dependent on the
n erest bubbles prices will change oftener than the
n iir1, regula1- ty ii receipts and expenditures be
impoosiDle, est mates <o. the future, whether in
pubuc or private matters, beeoroetnere coijectures;
tariffs requue yearly alteration to ¡nest tbe fluctua-
tions of bu mess, and the community be kept un-
der the constant excitement and depression of th«
hot and cold fits of a violent fever.
