Dec.  1840.
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11.
26th Cowg«-"2nd Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Sen. & H. of Beps.
Ti e great amo, nt of property ves ed by th¡> Go-
vernment in a'ms, amounting to "-evera mil ions
of dollars, no less than the risk to the nat onai safe-
ty by adoptmg du> new inventions wuhout being con-
vinced of their superiority, by lcng-.ried experi-
ments in the fijld, has induced me, generally, to
discountenance their introduction into the service. I
fear that every attempt to increase the rapidity of
. firing, such as fácil tating the loading by opening
the breecb, or by multiplying the chambers of the
gun, will fail, av they have hitherto done, after in-
volving the Government in great expense There
is, however, one improvement, which has been
fairly tested in the field by the armies of Europe,
and which presents se many decided and ascer-
tained advantages, ihat I am corstrticed t© recom-
mend its ad( ption into our service—Í mctn tnesub
stitution of percussion for flint locks. The altera-
tion may be snade on the muskets now in the arse-
nals, and measures ought to be adopted to construct
all new arm , whether r fies or muskets, with p r-
cuision locks.
Having repeatedly recommended, w tho.it effect,
the establishment of a national foundry; and hav-
ing reason to fear the most ser ous consequences to
the service frcm the want of proper regulations to
govern the contrpcts with private establishment?;
with your consent, I sent to Europe the board ot
officers who had been for some time employed in
fixing the patterns, forms, and dimensions of the
artillery, in ord.r ttm they might acquire such in
formation as would enable the departa ent perma-
nently to íegulate this important branch of the ser-
vice. I am happy to siafe lhat, wherever ihey
have been, the nation?.! pstablishn ent-s have been
thrown open to them, and, with praiseworthy libe
rality, every facility afforded to their researches
They have returned home, a ter hav ng atia'ned
all the advantages which were e xpee'ed from their
investigations; a?id the knowledge they 1 ave sc-
quired will be applied to the practical improvement
of our erdnance. A concise report of their pro-
ceedings while in Europe is r-eiewith tianimated,
in connection with that of the officer in charge of
the Ordnance Depaitment
In the expectation ihat Congre s would sanction
the creation of a corps of sappers and min-rs, (an
addition to the army at once necessary and eco-
nomical,) I sent an officer of the engireer corps to
the school tor sappers and miners in France, to ob-
tain that practical mfcrma ion of the art which is
not possessed, and cannot be acquire:!, h re Tl.e
French Government, with its accustomed 1 ber.Mity
and kindtiecs,permit*ed in every ms'irc ' < ur officers
to attend its schoo's of practice, and afforded ihem
equal means with i s own to pursue their studies
there, allowing them privileges not geierail) grant-
ed to fore'gn<*rs; thereby ev.ncmg, as the Minister
of War is p'eased to remark, the fr endly disposi-
tion of his Majesty'^ Government towards the United
States. Tins feeling, you have au.honzed mi
to say, is fully reciprocated, and the liber lity of
French Government duly appreciated. The offi-
cers sent t j the school of cavalry at Saumur have
returned, alter a twelvetnonth'a instruction, and
are now employee! in a manner which I trust will
enable the Department very much to improve the
cav dry rervice.
The advantage of separating the staff oiPcers
from the line of toe arrr>5, and the very serious m
conremencs to the service from ihe pres nt system,
have been, before broeght n your view, but cannot
be too strongly or too treq' ently urge 1 The pre-
sent oraanizatic n ot the armv does no ahow a sin-
gle supernumerary ofBep 10 a regiment, and the
companies are rendered neffieient from the ab-
sence of those officers who are on staff duty The
discipline of the troops is most injuriously affec.cd
by this arrangement; and if they are opposed in
the field to regu'ar forces, such a deficiency would
prove fa.al.
I beg leave to bring to your notice once more the
expediency of ex'erdiog the law of March 2, 1837,
which provides fur the eihstment of boys for the
naval service, so as to embrace toe army and ord-
nance corp--. Its effect would be equally beneficial
to the class of people to whom tne boys beleng,
and to the army, it would secuie to the sons of the
iormer a comfortable tubststence, proper moial re-
straint, and a soid pra tical educ\tion, «-hie it
wou d p'ovide f.r the army well v structed non-
coiirfi'S íon'-d officer?, so diffiru.t to be procured
by enlistment, and without which an army cannot
b; efficient.
I am happy to state that experience has proved
the correctness of the opinion formerly advanced,
that ihe incresse and proper organization of the
staff department vould produce a more economi-
cal -dministration of its different branches. In tne
expendí ures of the duartermasteiVa Department,
e?p«cially, a very considerable reduction has been
made dming the last year; in some measure pro-
duced by the f-11 of prices, hut arising m a much
greater degree from the increased efficiency and
bet er administration of the department, in conse-
quence of the number of officers und"r the present
organization bearing a more due relation to the la-
bor ous duties and nigh responsibilities of this im-
portant branch of the military service.
In conspquence of the suspension of the applica-
tion of funds appropriated for the prosecution of
the works under the supervision of the Quarter-
masters Genet al's effice during the season tor ac
Uve operation, li'tle progress has been mide in
them since My last report I now recommend that
the fol'owing works should be recommenced and
completed as soon as prac icable Fort Gib on, Fort
Wayne, an 1 Fott Smith—ihe two former as soon
as h^alihy s tes >re determined upon. I am not
perfectly satisPed with the reports in relation to the
proper po ítion for Fcrt G bsoD; and as it 's con
te-uplated to erect permanent works in the vicinity
of the old fori, it is important tnat ihe site should
be selec ed with great care That on which he
vorlts of Fort Wiyne were commerced, proved to
be so veiy unh alinful that it became necessarj to
abandon it, and to remove the tioops to a more
fa orable pos lion. Punning lhat lino, sma'l f rls
sh nil be eons ructcei at Sprirg river and M? <ns
de Cygne, and west of it, at ihe read of the navi-
gation of the Kansas river, and northwest of Fort
Leavenworth, at Table OeUc, on the Miss un,
below the mouth of Piatt liver. To connect this
las' post with Fort Snellm?, a fort ought to be
constructed st or near tho forks of the D's Moines
From ihe mformatnn I have received, I believe
the erection of any works ?t the western ex reroity
of Lake Superior to be unnere><ary, and, fir the
present, advise that Fort Snelhng remain the most
nor'hern post
During your adm niMrati n, nearly fonj- ne
thousand Indi?ns have been aided to ho*s already
residing near the vestorn boundary, t h le the al-
ditional ceeu"ities to the border States, have rof
been commensurate to tie additional dangers to
wi ich such an r crease of warlike and di content-
ed neighbors exposes them. In the act of placing
the Indians there, by which the interior States are
o largely benefited the Government has contract-
ed a solemn obligation, not only to defend lhat peo
pie when attacked, but to anticipate the danger, by
erecting such works as will ensure their safety, and
inspire them with confidence in the means employ-
ed for their protection.
It affords me great gratification to be able to re-
port that the Canada frontier has been free fr' m
any disturbance since I had last the honor to ad-
dress jou on that subjec Your advice to cur
fellow citizens on that birder appears to bav= pro-
duced the most sa'utary effect, and the excitement
which existed there has, I am happy to think, en-
tirety subsided; and no further apprehension need
be entertained of a violation on their part of our
neutral obligations.
Owing to the expenditure of the apnroprptiops
for fortifications having been suspended, the works
on this frontier have not been much advanced, bat
fh-y will, it is expected.be complete! during the
next seasoi. In addition to those already autho-
rize1, I earnestly recommend the erection of bar-
racks at Spring Well , near Detroit, and at a posi-
tion between Buffalo and Black Rock, m the State
of New York, and a'so a strong work at the outlet
of Lake Champlam.
On the Northeastern frontier, until the boundary
question is settled, I would advise that the works
be confined to the erection of barracks at the
junction of the Mattawamkeag and Penobscot rt-
vers Du.ru g the pas year, .he works on the mari-
time fiontri have b^en carriel on slowly, and they
s'ill remain man unfinished state In relation to
ihe deknee of our Atlantic and Gulf coasts, and of
our harbors and dock yards, I beg leave to refer to
my report of last year, and to that made during the
last session of Congress, m reply to a call of the
Senate for information on these subjects Their
condition remains unaltered, and the expediency of
providing for their cempletion unchanged. The
whole coast from P^ssamaquoddy bay to the Sa-
bire r.ver is exposed, on every point not defended
by nature, to be invaded with impunity; and, in the
event of war, the expense of attempting to protect
this long line by troops for one year only, would
coumore than to erect the works which have been
planned, and whtcn are deemed sufficient to defend
the several points of attack along the whole coast.
It is true that an enemy could retain possession of
any portion of our 'erntory only for a short period.
But to defend an unfortified point of attack, or to
drive an enemy from a position he might occupy,
would be attended with great expense of blood and
trevure; and while I feel confident that the stoat
arms and brave hearts of our fellow citizens would
ultimately prevail, and drive any enemy from our
soil, I cannot approve the policy which would ex-
pose the best and biavest of our artisans and work-
iP"men to encounter, without discipline, and with-
out the cover of foitifications, the trained bands of
mercenary so'diers ihey would be opposed to.
Wh n we take into consideration the character of
our people, and sparsei.eis cf the population m pre 
poruon totheextentof our soil, it is not wise to rely
al'i gather for our defence on numbers and untaught
vale r. The battalions lhat must fight our battles are
composed of sol ''ers taken from every class of the
community, and the issje of every contest must
necessarily deprive the country of some of its best
ani w rthie-t citizens. E/ery effort ought, there-
fore, to be made to furnish them the means of pro-
tection, and to ins'ruct them them to defend them-
^e've-s, so that the lo«s we must suffer on such oc-
casions may he as light ai pcssible.
No appioi rtatim hiving been made at the last
tension of Congress for the works of internal ím-
p-ovement which were under the superintendence
cf thf- department, they ! ave, for the most part,
ccast d. I adhere to the opinion expressed in my
last report, that the system requires to be revised,
bo'h with regwd to the pnncple upon wh ch such
improvement ought to be authorized, and the man-
ner in which they ough' to be conducted.
Tne report ot the Ch cf of the Topographical
Engineers, subrmtted to Congiess at its last session,
contum' an elaborate Maten-ent of the history and
progress of all the works of internal imp ovement
carried on by the oiders of Government, to which
I beg leave lo reier. It is to be regretted that Con-
gress neglected, at l's last se-ssion, to appropna.e
the small am unt asked for clearing away the tim-
ber htely ¿ecumeilated at the Red nvsr raft, which
ebstructs the navigation of that stream. The ex-
denditure necessary for 'his purpose i, perfectly le-
gitimate, as all the necessary supplies for the troops
stationed at Fort Towson are transported up this
r ver, and the measure la recommended by its eco-
nomy, the additional «nt oí transpoitation by land
for one year, «hen this navigation i- obstructed,
b mg gieater ihan the amount required to defray
the necessary expense of removing the drift timber.
It is recommendei that provision be made for the
pmpliyment of a few laborers and a boat for a
short time every season, and it is believed that in a
few years the necessity for such a precaution will
cease, an I th s portion of the river remain perma-
nent!   opei
The survey spoken of in my last report has been
como'etfd, and a map constructed, wnich embraces
that romon of the territory of the United States
lying between the Mis'issmpt and Missouri rivers,
from their confluence to t ur northern boundary,
and limited by the parallels cf latitude 39 and 49
north, and the meridians 90 and 100 west of Green-
wich It is based upon numerous astronomical
observations, (not le-s than two hundred and forty-
five,; on actual surveys, and on the best informa-
tion which the exploring party could procure oí
such small portions of the Indian territory as they
