Dec. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
26th Cong....2nd Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Sen. & H. of Reps.
on Iheir first arrival on the Arkansas, have been
happily adjusted; and I have accordingly dire-led
that their annuities, and other moneys due to them,
should be paid, and placed them upon the same
footing as other emigrant tribes. Fiom t>e cha-
racter of this nation, and the advance made by
many of their number in civilization and in the
arts of life, it is hop,-d, now that they are removed
from the evil ii'tiuences which heretofore be?et
them, their progress in moral culture and physical
comfort will be rapid and lasting. Convinced (hal,
if any great and general leform is ever to be ef-
fected ameng the Indian?, it must be' by meaiis of
education, every exertion has been made to pro-
mote it; not by disjointed efforts, but by adopting
a system intended to embjaee the establishment of
primary schools over the whole Indian ter.itory,
and of institutions of a higher order at suitable
points, designated with a vie w to the convenience
of the Indians, and of easy access. Fort Coffee,
on the Arkansas river, which has been abandoned
as a military post, has bren selected for one of
these establishments. This situation possesses very
decided advantages; and the system by which it is
proposed to improve them has my full approbation.
For the details of the plan, I refer to the accompa-
nying report of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, and particularly to his instructiont for carry-
ing it into effect, add rested to the Superintendent
of the Western Territory.
While on this subject, it affords me great grati-
fication to be able to speak in terms of merited
praise of the Methodist manual labor school in the
Shawnee country. The labors oí that sect, so dis
tinguished for their Christian zeal in the cause of
Indian civilization, are likely to be crowned with
success; and there is reason to bops that the
high expectations raised by this extensive establish-
ment will be fully realized under its present pious
and competent instructors. The Department would
be happy to promote similar establishments on the
part of other religious sects, equally zealous, no
doubt, in spreading the light of the Gospel ámons;
the Indians, and-equally disposed to advar.ee their
moral culture, it is convinced that, to produce
durable beneficial effects by education, it must be
made practically useful; and that those domestic
arts which are imparted to our youth by the ex-
ample of their parents and associates, and form,
as it were, a part of their nature, mas- be taught
the Indian in the sdiools, and instilled into bim by
educatton.
Perseverance for one or two years longer in the
policy of removing the Indians from the baneful
and destructive influences which surround them
within the Siates and Territories, will unite the
remnants of tribes, still within those limits, to their
brethren in the West; offering, as it is believed,
the only chance, not only of civilizing the red man,
but of perpetuating his ex stence.
By the accompanying report of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, it will be seen that the number
of pensioners of every description now on the
rolls in all the States and Territories, and in the
Dis net of Columbia, (except those paid out of the
navy pension fund,) amounts to forty-four thousand
tnree hundred and ninety-four; of which two tnon-
iand and seventy-two cases have been admitted
since the period of the last annual report. The num-
'ber of deaths of pensioners that have occurred dur-
ing the last year, and been reported to the Depart-
ment, is sixteen hundred and five. Prom the
number of unclaimed pension^, it i  believed that
many more have died, of whose decease we have
no information. The number of invalid pensioners
is now four thousand two hundred and eighty-nine,
having increased four hundred and foui teen since
1833: this ¡"create is ¡o be attributed, principa!1?,
to the hardships of the service in Florid . The
number of Revolutionary pensioners under the act
of March 18, 1818, has decreased from above
twen'y thousand to seven thousand nine hundred
and forty-seven. Under the act of June 7, 1832,
thirty-one thousand e.ght hundred and eight have
been admitted on the pension roll; of which num-
ber, twenty-three thousand two hundred and seven
yet remain. Eleven htfndreá and eighty-six pen-
sioners were admitted under the law of May 15,
1828, ior the benefit of officers and soldiers of the
continent! army who served du'ing the war; only
six hundred and five ate now burne on the -rolls.
The number of widows pensioned under the act of
July 4, 1836, is three thousand four hundred and
sixty-ti^ht, of whom two thousand seven hundred
aiid sixty survive. Five thousand nine hundred
and twelve widows have received the benefit of the
act of Juiy, 1833; but the list is now reduced to
five thousand five hundred and eighty-s x. All of
those now on the rolls will be dropped on the 4th
of March next, when the term of their pensions
expires by law. From the number of applications,
ths Commissioner is of opinion that not less than
fourteen hundred will be added to ihs year 1841.
The to:al sum drawn from the Treasury during
the past year, to pay pensions, amounts to two mil-
lion forty-eight thousand six hundred and sixty-
three dollars, exclusive of navy pensions.
The experience of two years confirms the opi-
nion I fotmerly expressed of the vexatious opera-
tion of the law of the 6th of April, 1838, vlnch
fixes the short period of ei'ht months lor the re-
turn to the Treasury of unclaimed pensions Tr.e
intention of the law, no doubt, was to withdraw
that sum from the pension agent; whereas its opera-
tion, on the comrary, draws that additional amount
from the Treasury at Washington, while it pro-
duces disappointment, inconvenience, delay, and
expense to the poor pensioners
By the fourteenth anicle of the Cherokee treaty
of December 29, 1835, ratified May 23. 1836, it
was agreed on the part of the United States that
such warriors of the Cherokee nation as were en-
gaged en the side of the United States in the las-l
war with Great Bri'aia and the Southern tribes of
Indians, and who were wounded in such service,
shall be entitled to such pensions as shall be al-
lowed them by the Congress of the United Slates.
I respecfully suggest that Congress be asked to act
upon this section of the treaty. There are not
many Chero'.reo warriors who come under that de-
scription, but they are very destttu'r; and the good
faith of the Government is pledged in their favor.
I cannot forbear bringing to your notce the ex-
posed conditic n of the important archives of this
Department. Many of them are kept in small
buildings, at 3n inconvenient distance from the
War Office, and surrounded by ccrubus.tib'e mare-
rials. A p'ai'i fire-proof building, capahlp of con-
taining a'í these dc.ached offices, might be con-
structed for a sum, the interest on which would not
exceed 'he amount now requiied for paying the
rents of those now occuoied tor the purpos?,
All which is respectfully submitted.
J. It. POINSETT.
The President of the United S'ates.
RETORT OF THE SECRETARY OF THE NAVY.
Navy Deiiaiitment.
Deces.oer 5, 1810.
Sir: In the performance of a duty annually de-
volving on this Department, I respectfully submit
the following report:
The squadron in the Mediterranean remains the
same as it was at the date of ray last report, and
consists of the Ohio 74, the Brandy wine (first class
frigate,) and the Cyane sloop of. war—the whole
undsr the command of Commodore Isaac Hull.
This force has been found fully adequate to the
protection of our commerce, which has remained
unmolested in that quarter.
The squadron on the Pacific station is composed
of the friga'e Constitution, the sloop ot war St.
Louis, and the schooner Shark, under Commodore
Claxton. Since the date of my last report, the
schooner Enterprise, ¡hen on ber way home, and
the ¡-loops of war Lexington and Falmouth, which
had been directed to return, have arrived in the
United S ates, and have been replaced by the sloops
Yorkto^n and Dale, now on the eve of sailing for
the Pacific. The ¡quairon, when joined by the-e
vessels, will consist ot a frigate of the first c'ass,
three sloops of war, and a schooner. Commodore
Claxioa has been directed to despatch the York-
town.on a cruúe to the Sandwich and Society
Island , New Zealand, the coast of Japan, the Gulf
of California  and the Lidrone* and Marquesas,
for the general protection of our whaling interests,
and cih^r commercial purpose.".
The squadron en the coast of Brazil under Com-
modore J. B. Nicholson, at the date of my, last re-
pot t, was c -m posed of the razee Independence,
and the sloops of war Fairfield and Marion. Toe,
two former have returned to the United States,
Commodore Nicholson having been relieved m the
command of that station by Commodore Charles Q.
Ridgeiy, whose fotce now consists of the Potomac,
first class frigate, the sloops of war Decatur and
Marion, and the schooner Enterprise. The diffi-
cul ies between the Fieach Government and that of
the Argentine Republic still subsisting, and the
blockade continuing to be rig.dly enforced, it hats
bien thought expedient to augment this force, and
the sloop of war Concord is now on the eve of sail-
ing for that purpose.
Tr.e squadron employed in the Gulf of Mexico
and the Weil Indie?, under Commodore William
B. ShubiicV, at the date of my last report-consisted
of the frigate Macedonian, and the sloops of war
Ontario, Erie, Warren, and Levant. The Ontario
has been ordered to the North for repairs, and the
Erie, being found unfit for s'rvice, has been de-
tached from ths squadron. The remaining vessels,
with the exception of the Warren, were directed to
leave the station during the hurricane months, and
prrc?ed to the North. Commodore Shubrick ac-
cordingly left Peasacola in July last with the Ma-
cedonian, Levant, and Erie, and arrived at Boston
ia Augu.-t. Thence he proceeded to Eastport, and
on hi? return visited the principal ports on the
coast as far south as Norfolk, where, in conformity
with his instructions from the Department, he de-
livered the command of the West India squadron
to Cf-mmodiTi Jesse Wilkinson, who had been ap-
pointed to relieve hrm, and who has proceeded to
bis stati'n. The command of Commodore Wil-
kinson now consists of the Macedonian frigate and
the sloops of war Levant and Warren, which forcé
is deemed sufficient for the protection of our inte-
rests in that quarter in the present state of things.
Thf jjfrigate Columbia and com He John Adams,
em,iloy<-d in a cruise in the Indian and China Seas,
under Com George C. Rei-'d, for the protection of
the coHimnrce of the United States in that quarter,
have returned home. Tin frigate Constellation,
and sloop of war Bosion, have recentlv sailed for
Rio de Janeiro, «hre'ihey will replenish their
supplies, and receive Captain Lawrence Kearney,
t o-v in command of the flag ship on the Brazilian
s atton, who will hoist his pendant on board the
C' nsteltatiou, as commander of the Exst India
squadron, and proceed with that vesrel and the
B'.Vcn to Cirry out his instructions.
Tbe Exploring Expedition, as stated in my last
repott, Wis at Callao, whenie Lieutenant Wilkes
sailed on the 6tb July, 1839 Since that period he
ha.i vn'ted the Society Island5, Navigator's, Group,
New Zr-aland, and various detached islands, with
whose inhabitants he held the most anrcable inter-
com sc, and with the ports and harbors of which he
made himself panisuiarly acquainted. On the
2Cth December, 1839, he left the port of Sydney,
in New Zealand, and proceeded to penetrate the
Atlantic sea. On the 19th January following, the
Vincennes discovered land ;n latitude 66.2 south,
lonsitude 15-i 27 cas', and had soaadings in thirty
fathoms water. The same day the Peacock made
a similar discovery in latitude 66 31, longitude
153.40, and obtained üounnings- at a d -pth of three
hundred and twenty fathom-. Lieutenant Wilkes
coasted along ihi  land, and had sight of it at va-
rious time-  for a distance of eighteen hundred
mile*, and has denominated it the Antartic Conti-
nent. It ii to be regretted, however, that the vast
masses of ice, with which it is every where de-
fended, pr.-vented a nearer approach than fifteen
miles, and rendired it impossible to land. It is de-
scribed as presenting one vast mass of snow and
ice, apparently rising almost pe'pendieulariy from
the sea, a.id will probably foiever baffle the efforts
of man to explore its interior, or convert it to any
useful purpose'.
After  repeated and persevering efforts to ap
proach the coast and effect a landing, Lieutenant
Wilker, his offbers $nd men, having suffered ««•
Terely from intense cold and the exposures incj 
