Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-   23
26th Cong.......2nd Skss.
With inspect; to the present motion 10 exclude
aliens from the benefit of the pre-emption laws, he
said it was the repetition of a motion which had
been, made two years ago, and which had beer,
then rejected; and he saw no new reasi n for bring-
ing it forward now. It was, in his opinion, an im-
politic and an unwise motion, ard the rca«eiii given
for it were unfounded and untenable. What were
those reasons! Why, that it gives a right ia out
soil to emigrants from foreign countti-s, before
they have abjured allegiance to their native conn'
try, and encourages the refuse of the European po-
pulation to come to our country. Now this b:Jl
could offer inducements to no one to come but such
as meant to live by their labor, and by the most
useful and honorable of all pursuits—thai of agri-
culture. To such only could the pre-emptive pri'
vilege be an inducement to leave their own country
and remove to the United Sta'es; and ail such must
be most welcome accessions to cur popu'atirn. Tu
leseive the benefit of the bill, the emigrant must go
and settle on the public land—hemu-,t clear it and
cultivate it, built a log cabin upon it, and inhabiti'.
Tais was a real pledge of fidelity to the country—a
better one than an oath of abjuration of foreign al-
lí giar.ee could give. Th; settlor, under such cir-
cumstances, became at or.ca a meritorious inhabi-
t-sn'; he attached himself to the soil; he begin to
add to the mass of the rational wealib, by addmg
to the mass of the national produe'ion; he took h s
place among the farmers, and irom the first mo-
ment felt his attachment to the country in which he
was instantly elevated in the clacs of freeholder.-j.and
his feelings were oommunjested tohis children, and
love of America grew up in thetr health and pre-
dominated in tbetr affections. For himself, he (Mr
Benton) could say that his own rxperience wa?
entirely in favor of the measure. He h?d se. n fie
effect of the pie-emption privilege in Missouri in
favor of foreign emigrants; it drew a vast many oí
them to the State, and instantly converted them
into meritorious cultivators of the soil. Germany
especially, came in vast numbers, and wese con-
tinuing to arrive, and the rouDTy deeply icjt the
benefit of their labors. They were forming larg?
settlements, and towns, and village-;, and wete in-
corporating with the population and becoming part
oUts ma*s. The pa-sage of tnis bill, aid itv twin
brother, the graduation bit1, by which the infrrioi
land  will be reduced in pi ice, will greatly" augmenl
this emigiation; and he (M*. Benton) .-jjnulü le-
joice to see it. .'Emigrants whs came irre io d- al
in money, found no restrictions upon tluir acquisi-
tions; alien meiehanls or bankers may aequiie mil-
lions, and carry them away. To this none of the
gentlemen objected. Then why should they object
to the acquisition of a few hundred dollar.;' worth
of land by an alien, when he must, remain and cul-
tivate that land íor th? general good as well a-; foi
his own individual benefit, for he could not cany it
away from the country? Tins was ab-nr.l; and he
(Mr. Benton) was as'ouishrd to see ihe difference
which waí made bctwem the acquisition of real
and pergonal estate. Ths alien banker or mer-
chant may acquire unlimited millions, and exercise
vast influence over the policy and elections of ifo<s
countr>; the solitary cultivator who would woik
his little field in the woods, having no power to in-
fluence any body, is objected to as a dangeious cha-
racter. This was propositions, and the objection
could not hold. The motion to exclude rdietis had
been rejected hereto.'oie by a decided vote u the
Senate, and he trusted it would be .-o rejected
again.
The question on adopting the amendment proi
posed by Mr. Mangum b°jiv>- taken, it wa" decided
in the negative—ayes 12, tuy . 3'.), as folio-'-:
YEAS—Mess s. Clay oí Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Dixon, Graham, Huntington, Knght,
Maogum, Menick, Pient's", Predion, and Reg-
gie?—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Anderson, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, C'-'-y of Ateb.-.ma, Fultm, Bern
deison, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Motitop,
Nicholas, Norvell, Fierce, Porter, Roane, Robin-
son, Sevier, Smi'n of Cocnecicut. Smith of Indi
ana, Sturgeon, Tahnv--.ri r, T.'ppati, Walker,
Wall, William?, Wright, and Y- uog—30-
And the Sena.e adjourned.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Buchanan.
TuESDüY, January 5, 1841. \
Mr. CLAY of Alabama offered the t°I|uwing
amendment, which was agreed to:             „   ,'
Jlnd be it further enacted, That, ptior to anVjen!rie-i
being made under the privileges given by tSis act,
proof of the settlement and improvement required
by its provisions shall be made to the satisfaction
of the n gister and receiver of the land district in
which such lands may be, agreeably to the rules
which may be prescribed by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office for that purpose; which
register and receiver ;-hal>, each, be ei.titled to re-
ceive fifty ceti's for his services therein; and all as-
signmemsor transfers of the right, of pre-emption
given by t'-i's acf, prior ¡o the issuance of patents,
shall be null and void.
Fi;Vir. TAPPAN proposal to amend the bill by ?n
am-mdHiuit which declared that the settler shoitd
b.-ettitled to th*? bembtsof the pre-emption right
oily one, which was aarcel to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he h-,d an am«r.d-
ment to prono, p, as a povi-o, to the last claU'-e, as
follower
"Provided. Tsiat r.o per-on r-p'rg on albn phi 11
b-; e-titled to any privilege '■' lijht of feit.eeient
or pre emotion granted by I1 ¡it S'-t, except only
sue i as '•h-ill pte-w--. y have mide, .11 due form of
law,'he deodar it on oí i.ucnti n, required by fn:
naturalisation lavs if the Unilrd Status, to become
a ct zen of the paid United Slates.
'Jlnd provided fit't'ier, That no person shall take
any right or benefit under this act, who shall not
make oath represoras proper (fficer au'horiz'.d
to administer osths, that his whole e?'ato was no',
a" the time of id. " demon', worth asmu^h at five
hundred dollar.--."
Ho said be hid seppo'ed yesrerdny, when the
Ser.ate d--i ideó thi: a'm n  should be adro tied, tlr.t
ih" Senal-'1 jir-ve-deti on .be suppo. tlion, iha' fo-
reigner:- seldtng on our public k.nds of course m-
tonoVd to become c'ww-; bat it appeared to him
it might stilt be propT to require oí them some
!e«ai evidence of t!.-al intention. He di-i nil see
wnat po-siSjie o'-j -c'io:i diere cou'd be to this
Mr. ANDERSON. Ihrrc is r.o objection to tie
first part of the rrso'iviois,
Mr. CR'.TfSND'iN. if, ir.de;d, they were
going to lRiisiate on the plan prop >:-. d yi surdity by
t"e h mora' lo Senator ¡rom Pe;ro.íjlvan;a, P'1!'.
Buuhanam.] and we.e not only to v cle,o:.-.c all fo-
reigners, but so our expan-ive pliil<i'.:thn py 11 grai<t
ibem p.-,vtle.-.cs, 'eui.-e-l to our own native bcun ci-
tizens, thr-o. to be i lire, t',i'jre would be no neecs.-i-'y
of such, a proveo ai he ¡¡ad proposed; bu', if Ccn-
giess lei.i-lated on aoy thk-g like a ptincipL of na-
tionality, if it proposed to recognise any distinc i- n
between for.d«r.ers a'.d natives, thi u rureiy the
amendment, iva i proper and rea-ion-tblo. She,
v-, hat was there to prevent foreigners actually to
fo.m colonies in the mid.t of cur corn.ry1? to avail
themsdrts í f all th" oen^fi's eifndcd bv our law?
without the lt-as* thmght oi- inte-i'ion of over as-
- "Biieg tne resoon'-'biioies of American c:'izen^?
Th^-ie >-ere already mat>y foreiyrers of th'S de-
scip'ion in cur e-n:::.'}; t!:e:e wer.; many tne,-
chsrvs in our gu ^t cito s wno were ever ready and
o--i the rtlerl to graip at every privi'ege our !egi-'-la-
tiop would permit tc the •. but who v.ere not citi-
zens wii'i us, and never intended to be. B;fore ¡;e
would arant to a for.liner the p-ivi.'ege proitued
by :h;s bill, he would record evidence of the man's
iniention to become naturalize-'. Was this too
much to «quire? Tee Shnaie had been told'hat
to all those who fled from oppre>sion in the old
wo.Id wo were to grant—wha'-? 0.;r own lands?
Thai was the amount of >'. Bot this w?s wha' he
was not prepare! to do. It hsd. h-e.i utgeO that ve
were under obligation to do this to foreiirncri, be-
cause they presented t-'.'it breasts p.s ,-i. bulwark 'o
guard tn against ihe savage foe upon our frontier.
When, and w¡Ki'e,had we made loreli-u breasts die
bi>twarkof our salet}? Wh.-t! r.:id was il com: to
this, tha" O'T eittz-ns h?d to ;: ly on the hrea-ls rf ¡o-
reignersfortbe.i pu'tccti n? Ko,>M,no Tnmishid
nor > nme to that p?si. The American pe-pie \v re
not je'. lednc d so low f s H> be f.-rc-id to oner :r -r-
ceoa'y roward.s t--> s'.3^g"ts Rod ;'. i- igieis to u-
pi setiifir besoms a? a ram¡ at I!" defend us—a,ia nst
whom1?    Not against a world  in  arms  would he
Senate.
seek such a bulwark for protection, much less
against a horde of naked savages. This might do
to be used in argument; it made a very pretty fig.n.rs;,
in a speech; but he could not think that gentlemejtt
were quite in earnest when they urged such a con-
sideration as that on the ¡Senate. No, no; we want-
ed no such equivalent for our lands; what we chose
ts grant we would grant freely, and not encumber
it with a condition of defending us against the In-
dians on our border. All he would require was a
simple pledge of intention to baeome one of our-
relíes; to share the rights and responsibilities of
Amencan ci'izeos.    Could less be asked than thi 1
As to the second branch of ihe amendment, viz:
the requirement, of an oath that the estate of the
applicant for a pre-emption did not exceed $500—
what objection could there be to it? The authors
cf the bill had thrown the "log cabin" feature into
it expressly to show, as he supposed, that the bill
was to be enacted for ¡he benefit of the poor roan.-
He wan'ed it o be ?o in fact and in truth. He
d.d n'-t wars', a law to make rich men richer, but to
furnish a hone to the indu-trious man who wanted
to live and to <.oik. It was important that there
should he some limitation to the operation of the
b 1-: o herwise, under the pretexto!' givinga home
t > the poor and laboring man, the law would ope-
rate in fact for the benefit of the grasping Ian 1
specula'or. By a curious coincidence enough, it
had happened yesterday, that while the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Clay] wss advocating and
urging ihe hdl upon theSenate,he (Mr. Crmtekden)
receive I a letter from r.nold fiiend and constituent,
inquiring wit i evident anxiety whether there was
not a gieat ptv-smpiion bill to pass this session; the
letter stated that throughout, that country there was
a ijie .t movtment amens; the people; men of sub-
«tai-- w:re quitting good houses and settlements,
¡.ml retr.evi.i,', with the hope of ge ting richer, on
ts re v lands. This was ut.der the idea that now,
as h 'letofore, th: pre-emption law would require
actual re- kbpcc and settlement. The writer added
that he m.'.de the inquiry more particularly, be-
cause 'heie biy near lis present residence a piece
of vtry good land, and if he was sure such a bill
was to pass, he would at once break up and.
r. move to th.s new tract. Toe lettsr stated
that the removals were very numerous—in fact,
that the e sfonied a general movement through
an *hnl par1 of the country. Not only log cabtni
of the bes' deseupnou, but in some ca->es good
brick house1--, were abandoned that their owners
might avad tiiem-olvej of the expected pre-smp-
'ion 'aw to rnric'i themselves and th<?ir ehildren.
Now it nevci. ; are y, could be the intention of the
S.-n.-.te io crant pre-'mptions to men of this de-
scription; and if not, the bill ought to be limited and
guarded, m order that it might effectually exclude
those who waiied for surh a law, that they might
use it as sn engine to increase their wealth.
Mr. TA ?T5 , N said if the amendment of the Se-
•■a'or from Kentucky failed, he should propose an
Amendment ti reme!/ the evil by preventing the
acquisition of * p-e-emption right, by any person
who should b: ths o*ner of any land, and should
quit it to live on the public lands.
Mr. BUCHANAN could no; have supposed that
the few incidental remarks vhich he had made oa
the question which was yesterday decided by the
Senate, wou'd hive brought out ibe Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden] or sny other Senator,
in reply" to-day. He had no right, however, to
rompíain of f.:s, at:d w.ís only sorry that be (Mr.
B ) was now compel led. in self-defence, to make a
few ob-ieiva'ions in leply to his remarks. It had
b-'Cti his pif?<-;e not io utter a single word on the
general subject of pre-emption"!, which had been so
often disccs-.ed by Mm b-fore; but to content him-
s<df by merely giving his silent vote in favor of the
bid.
Mr. B. should neither vote for the fird ncr the
s co¡id clause of the Smatoi's amendment. He
went against the whole and each ci its parts. In
relation to the first clau-e, he held that the foreigner
who penetrated to the Wei-ten frontier of our vast
country, snd there s.-ith d upon snd cultivated a
tract o! land, pjesen'rd !h~ eieare.-t proof, and that
bv the nv sr .-ir-oWive a-tion-, of his in'cntion to
become a e t ,\-\ of the United States.    How caft
