Dec.  1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
26th Cong—2nd Sess.
Pre eruption Lmv—Mr. Clay of Ky.
Senate.
ble poor who could make oath that their entire pio-
perty was not worth more than $500, where did we
find these new proselytes to log cabin doctrine'
Were they ready to go with us in thus restrict-
ing the bill' Were they prepared, by adop mg
this amendment, to shut out from the privileges
of the bill the rich men—the "barons"'—the owners
of manors—the greedy speculator, asd restrict it to
the hardy settler who sought a home for himself
and his children? No, s r, no, every man of thsm
voted it down.
Let us now pause a moment, and look a liltle at
the distinctive provisions of this, bill Heretofore
pre-empt on bills have been retro.pective only: this is
in its operation both retrospective and prospective
Heretofore pre-emption bills have been limited as
to time this is unlimited m point of time so long
as there remains a foot ot public land for it to ope-
rate on Heretofore pre emption bills were opera-
tive prac'ically only with reference to some rew
land, recently snrveycd and brought into the mai-
ket- this bill is a proclamation to the v.hole un -
verse, native or foreign, naturalized or unaturalized,
that the moment the Indian title is extinguished to
any portion of the land held by the United States,
they may all rush m and take just as much of it as
they please, without even waiting lora survey, and
that all the other surveyed public lands oí the
United States, amounting to about one hundred and
twenty millions of acre , no matter how long they
have been in u arket and although they may be
purchased at the modérate price of one dollar and
a quarter per acre, aie to be subj ct n the risht of
pre-emption This, it is obvious, involves a com-
plete change in our whole land system, a thorough,
radical, entire change. It opens at once all the
public lnnds, surveyed and unsurveyed, to the ope-
ration of a pre-emption law.
And here let me stop and look for an instant at
what are said to be the sole advantage granted to
the pre-emptor by this bill, a point on which there
exists the greatest possible misconception, either
on the part of other gentlemen or myself. The
whole practical difference which this bill is lo work
id our receipts from the public domain is said to be
some two or thiee cents per acie only. Here is a mes-
sage of the President ot the United State , sent by
him to Congress in December, 1837 It is, in ma-
ny respecta, a discreet and sensible paper, so far as
it treats on the subject ot the public lands The
President here praises the old land sj stem as it de-
serves. He describes those who enter on the pub-
lic domain, without title or pretence of title, as
"treipassers," "intruders," and he recommends the
passage of one more pre-emDtion law, and one only,
and after that tha adoption of stronger measures
for the purpose (m his own language) "of prevent-
ing these intrusions " The Senator irom Missouri
[Mr. Benton] spoke to us yesterday of the Presi-
dent as being a capital pre-empaonrr now, al-
though when he was here as a Senator he was de-
cidedly opposed to the whole sys'em, and although
when he came into office he talked about l'trespas-
jers" and "t?ii> udcrs" on the public lands, and re-
commended us to adopt measures to put a stop to
these "intrusions" in future It would seem that
the President is an attentive listener to the ad-
vice of his friends, and always open to con
viction. I must admit that he hat exhibited
not a little flexibility in yielding to the sugges-
tions of some of those who have his ears. I
will mako my position more general I think
that both the Secretary of the Treasuiy and the
President have shown remarkable e«e in open-
ing their ears to the counsels of gentlemen
who are strong advocates for pie emption laws
and for the practical appropriation of the pub-
lic domain to the benefit of a iew The Secretary
bas brought down the receipts from the public lands
to three millions of dollar* They weie three mil-
lions in 1838, and the very next year they rose to
ssven millions The receipts from this source have
been subject to great fluctuation, the past year a
little above three millions They are now sinking,
and it seems that the more they sink, the more he
calls out for pre-emption laws' pre-emption laws1
graduation laws' to save him from that impending
ruin in the administration of the public domain,
which his system is about to inflict.   What, sir, is
it possible that any man—what shall I sa>?—tbat
any man in h s senses cat be so supremely r dicu-
lous as to suppose that, by reducing the pn*e of the
public land  from a dollar and a quarter to twenty-
five cents, or, m some ins anees, to ¡50 cents, you
will get more money for them? Yet that is the
principle assumed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and it shows the opinion which operates in his mind,
and in the minds of the friends of graduation and
pre-emption laws. I will not attempt to describe
the whole of the consequences of this law One of
its effects is to convert the existing cash system into
a credit system. Do you not see it? What is the
fact as to the pre-emption laws heretofore granted'
Tbey gave the pre-amptioner a credit of two years
The gentleman irom A'abama [Mr. Clay] now
limits his cre4it to one year, but whether the term
be one, two, or three years, it changes our land sys-
tem from a sale for ca«h to a sale for credit, and
thus the whole 1Q0 millions of acres of the public
domain will all pas> ui.der this newly revived cie-
dit system
And who are they who propose this change' The
very men who decry all credit, who clamor for hara
money, who inveigh against banks and denounce
the ciedit system as the sourc-cf all our wots1
and yet here, now, under the name of a pie emp-
tion law, they propose to revi re the whole credit
system1 Can it be djubtcd that such will b>. the
re&uitof the bill' Will any man, who can get Ins
land on a credit of one or two \ ears-, buy it for
cash'—especially when ht can dispose of his ca«h
at a rate of 18 per cent interest, as pievails in Illi
aois and some other new States?
This is a grave feature in this new expeument,
and deserves the serious consideration of the Se-
nate To what will such a system lead' Have
wt had no experience on this «uhjeet' When jcu
have parted vi h your land from^year to >ear thus
on credit, jon will at length hive accumulated a
mass of debtors on whote bchalt petition afier pe-
tition will b¿ presented here, and their inability to
pay will be mott pathetically set forth, till at last
your compassion will be moved, and will forgive
the^e poor debtors the entire amount of their debt
and consent to take remuneration for their land in
some other form of advantage lo the public service.
It is not corree', though it his been said ?nd re-
peated by some gentlemen h re, tbat tie sole differ
encc effected by the pre emption law m the price
you receive lor the public land is some two or
three cents per rere First, theic is the diff rence
oí six cents which ihe President 'a es, antl how is
this made out' The public land is sold either by
auction oi at prívale sale, but owing to coercion,
to violence, to combinations, and the open contemp'
of la , (a state of things which has grown with
the multiplication of pre emption laws,) ihe
proceeels of the auction siles are now much
ie s than ioimerly I cannot believe with the
Senator from M'ssoun [Mr. Linn] that the people
ot the United States are incompetent to protect their
own property I believe that it can be dene, by a
steady, firm, aid upright administration of the Go
vernment. I believe that the people of the United
States arecdpab'e oí piotectmg trie lights against
all «ho assail them, whether from witbin or from
without. Assuredly, if the Government cannot
protect what is its own, it must bo very incompe-
tent to protect us and ours But, I ask, how i the
six cents excess of sales over the minimum puce,
referred to by the President, made up' It is got by
running an average cer the total amount of "ales
both by auction and by private entrj Now, the
amount sold at auction is not one fouith, ro, I le-
lieve, not one-tenth, part of the whole Tne Secre-
tary takes the auction sales, uheic the lands
brought from ^ to §20 and acre, and spreads that
amount of exi fSs ovti the who'e remaining nme-
tenths of the total amount sold by private entry,
and then he makes an average, and draws the in-
ference that the whole gam in selLng the public
lands in the rstabl shed and customary method
over what they bung under p'e-emptim livs
amounts to but six cents an acre * Is this !ah'
But even this amount of six cents, under a proper
adrmnistiation of the system, would cover the
whole expense of survey and sale. But is that all'
You are to add two years' interest on the mini-
mum price, wh ch, on a credit of two years,
amoun.s to fifteen cents. If one year's credit only
is given, it will be seven and a half cents, which,
added to the six cents, makes thirteen and a half
cents on every acre of the pub.ic domain, which
would be gained by the continuance of the old
system
But more This bill amounts to a virtual repeal
of the auction system. That system applies only
to new lands recently brought into market But
of what avail is an auction if you proclaim to the
whole world that they may get the land at the mi-
nimum price if they will only come and settle on
it, nnd that before survey' The entire existing
system is superseded by the introduction of this
"wooden hor>e," with all the means oí injury with
which it is fraught.                                           >
I have now át scribed, but not with all tbat force
m which the circumstances of the cace would war-
rant me, the difference between the old and leng-
establisbed land system of this country and the new
and fearful experiment now proposed. Yeu must
have seen that the change is to be thorough and radi-
cal. Now I,put it U the Administration Senators
in this body—to their candor—to iheir patriotism—
to their sense of justice—is it right, on the close of
the Administration of a dismissed Ministry, to m-
tioduce anew and totally different policy in regard
to one ef the greatest interests of the country? Is
it right, is it fair, lhat the policy of the existing
Administration now passing out of power shall be
male to lap over on the new Administration with-
out consulting them or paying the least regard to
their judgment in ihe maitei' The progress of the
administration ot the American Government has
developed m tie practical operation of our system
aK< fealure, <ind one of the most profound im-
perta nc A different political phenomenon takes
place h re from any thing which ex'sts m Europe.
In European constituuonal Governments, when a
Ministry is dismissed or gees out of office, the King
or the ¿ueen, ?,s the ca e may bf>, yie'ds to the
change of sentiment, and comes round with the
nation But here an Admini'trauon may be dis-
missed and still remain four menllis mpewer. What,
m «uch a case, is it their duly to do' I will tell
gemlcnen what I would do in the like circum-
stances I would wstitu'e no new measures of po-
licy I woul i simply keep the political machine in
mono I would grea'e ihe v/he"ls and repair and
pre crvp all Is part m a s'ate of preparation for the
perfoimanee ef those high dut cs for which the
tthole, ivas constructed, but 1 would attempt no-
thing new in th" p'rmarent p licy of the country,
foreign r r domest c By such a moderate course
a oi e can the evils of the anomaly to which I have
adverted b* prevented I wou d not ask gentle-
men to deny themselves a fair exercise of the
Executive pit onageirom now till the 4 h of March
next I do not ask them to do what wa"s done
when Mr Adan.s  a^ exp lled fron the Presidency
__I s'-ou'd ^ay, lost his  dec ion     What did they
do thei' The Senate refused to pa=s on impor-
tant Executive nomina ions till after the 4th of
March, and thei oe\cral of them were withdrawn,
and ^ubs ltutcs sent in by trie new President The
Senate refused him the constitutional exercise of
bn official right from the time of his lost election
till he cent out of effi'e This I do not ask. I
dare to say Gcneial Hairnon, wl e.i becomes, will
look t tho°e «horn Up finds in office, and, if he
fine!  ihat hey aie honest and capable and faithful,
that ihcy hsve rot been noisv and forward polit-
c an*, nor breught their efecial influence in con-
flict w th the iirci'om of elections if any such
tbcicb-, lhi pp he will let them stand (.hough I fear
there w 11 Lo tut few) as monum-Bts of ihe libe-
ral! y ot ? Whig Administraron, acting on patriotic
principles Bat if gentlemen eipect tbat General
Ha nson, because they cnoose to ru«h on and
nakc appcmtmenis, with a view to thwart his Ad-
ministration, wil1, «hen he comes here, fear to do
Ins du y, e ther they or I have m"taken the man.
Cene ral Harnson means to be the President on the
4th ot March nex', which his fellow-citizens have
electo 1 him to b° And iio premature bill, no
•tie'chmg out of the polcytf this into the next
Administration, is going to restrain bim from look-
ing at those m office,   and deciding for himself
