M
26th ConG"-2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Pre emption Law—Mr. Linn.
Jan. 1841.
Senate
Aad such was the general history of the course
of legislation Wo act was perfect at ¡is first en-
actment" such laws as were prfect, or at all near
to perfection, had become so b/ the progressive
wisdom and emendation of centnr'es The law of
1837 might be very imperfect, but it never would
be improved by knock.ng it on the head.
PROSPECTIVE PREEMPTION BILL
DEBATE IN THE ÍÍNATE—Concluded
Wednesday, January 6, 1341    \
Thi bill to establish a permanent prospect V8
pre-emption system, in favor of settlers on the pub-
lic lands, who shall inhabit and cultivate the same,
and raise a log cabin thereon, being the special
«tder of the day, was taken up, the question bem* on
the amendment offered by Mr Premiss, ot Ver-
mont, as a substitute for the whole bill, ?s fol-
lows:
"Strike out all after the f nact ng clause, and
insert the following That every anuai sett'ercn
any of the publie land* to which the lidian title
has been extinguished, except such as «re Ik rein-
after reserved, being the head of a iamily, oi over
twenty-one years of age, who was in possession
and ahouse-keoper, by personal residence thereon,
at the time of passing thib act, and for four month- 
next preceding, shall te entitled to a pre emption m
the purchase of the land «¡o settled upon, not excee '-
ing one quarter section, of the minimum price now
established by ¡aw "
Mr. CLAY of Ky and Mr WRIGHT having
submitted their views of the sab; -t, as puntt tied
on Tuesday—
Mr. LINN rose to notice so much of the re
marks of the honorable Senator from Kentucky
[Mr Cl*t] as referred to what Mr L hal s<ml
on a former day, in regatd to tne application oí
torce to carry into effect the rrohibmo is of a prt-
emption law Mr L hid then express I the
opinion that it was phy-'cally impo-sibU to remot t
byíoroe tho«e Mho are ustivly turned "squitei"'
from the public dom.nn. Hefcal o'tfii expies'cd
that opinion here and ebewheie It wat a s ttl d
conclusion of his mind, and le now put it o the
honorable gentleman iioji K ntucky, [Mi Clay]
whether, were he m iln cxei otivs ch-iii, he would
wteld the military fore of this Givernment in an
endeavor to dispossess them? Ho should like tj
see the man that would avow it I he ordeis might
be issued, but the odious of the «imy never vvouli
nor could c-irty ihemont fhey woull, in ihe lust
place, be incompetent 10 do it Oa thf ubjtct it
might be suffic em to advei t to w ¡at in<\ bet n said,
and said so wi II, iht other day by his fiend ill
Senator from Arkaiisa , [\lr P vim] oicnurdtio
had once been givui, iud Iw, t meets ateinjed
to rsmove the settli i in ml charter of the Union,
and did remove ihc <i from Lovei>N purch e,
which had been wrtnohed fiom the lerrito
ry of Arkansis by a treaty with sjhic lube
of Indians from an old State, but no soontr had
the officers turned their backs than the squattci
again returned iip-m ihe land¿ whici iney cla ired
Their houses had been butnt, they lebuilt them
They were driven oil a second time, and a second
time they came ba^k, and thus ih y fought it out,
until at last the Government g<ve up tie contest,
and gave each of them 320 acres, of lani' while
such of them as had obeyed and som. off the land,
got, in the end, but 160 acres by a bill which passed
the Senate a few days since Now it the pow r
of the Government c> uld not en'o a its prolu' i-
tion laws m the single Slate of Arkan-as, then a
feeble and dependant Territory, how was it like y
to do it along the whole frontier from Likj Sape
nor to the Sabme river' Before Mich an operation
was attempted, you must augment your arm/, for,
sir, the whole military f rce of the country, a? it
bow ¡stands, wou d be too weak io accomplish it
The idea, to those acquainted wuh ihe leal s'ate of
the case, had m it someihing 1 jd c roas It wonld
be an amusing spectacle, to be sure, lo -. e i l r gal-
lant and cbivalnc officers of tae Uní t' Slates aimy
engaged m driving off women and children, while
their husbands and fathers were m the thickets be-
hind, ready to fire upon them with their nit-s1
Tftty wsald vntf oa  b* shsi isn th*  <?rasm
they attempted such a thing, showing, conclusive-
ly that ¡here is but one step from the sublime to the
ridiculous The truth was the law prohibí mg such
se't ement was practically a dead ieuei, and so it
must forever remain At fitst, there had been no
law to restrain our people from settlinj where they
would, on unoccupied puolic land The first law
on the subject was pas ed in 1807, and was made
agair st ihose who cU med lands under the French
and Spanish grants, and the object was to pievent
those who had only inchoate tit'e undcrsuch grants
from going on tie lands they claimed either to cul-
tivate or survey, and a mcslunju<t law it was.
Mr L. would speak wuh respect of the leg slation
of Corgress, but such was bu opinion of that law,
as can be demonstrated m a moment
And he now repeated his posit on, tha' it was ut>
terly useless to pass laws to restrain the American
neople f'om coing forward to settle on the public
lands Cong ess might pass such edicts as often as
t'-ey pleased, but they nevtr could carry out one
of 'hem As to the grant of pre erapUoa, there
were fiiuie districts sett'ed wholly under surh
eran s, which it was an important pol cy to bring
into market They would bring millions of di l'ars
into the Tieasury for ihe benefit oe General Har-
rison's Administration, and, but for our pre-emp
tion laws, tv ese districts would have txen settled
very gradually.
The Senator «eeoied earnestly to deprecate a
change in our land sy tem Why, the land sy^t >m
' i the United States hal beea a system of change
in m the beginning Up to 1820, if « is a credit
systet! — th°n it w/í chaiigel to a ca'h sy  em,
whicn was in i's effects a pre-emptio i sy tern, be-
cause th<? pajment cf a few do'lais enable! the
poor man to taks possession of ac'ooe piece of
laud, and, bv tus labor and exertions, to pay the
remainder < f the money, by instilments, in five
>e rs Tn wastasly done by the red cultivators
of the soil &nn it certainly was not for their bene-
fit that any change was made m the syte n, but
almost ix' lu ívely f >r tio*-ewln but (ton spe-
culation Ii 1830, a new pie emp ton Jaw was
pa ed, vh rh chantred the system sgam in many
particulars Mi. L sa d he should be soiry to see
that patt of the s^'tm «inch regulated the survey
oi the lands altered in any lesp ct But as to the
general principle of pte ..mpti n itself, it w, only
ciuvinr out the origiml plan of the o'd thirteen
States of the Revolu ion—which plai enabled thcra
< enually to battle sject fully wi h the mightiest
pj\te in tht wo Id X"hi w is th) ong nal punci-
plt in regard t > our mw lands. Viigm a had
her pre emption law , and most of lb.2 l indi
ji IOn'vjcky hal b^i i oid at but 12i cents an
«icrt By the o d lavs of Pennsyhania, and, he
leheved, of most of the other At'c' tic S ate , a
mere utiuno! sclll menl was all that vaa required
Th<* publ.c lanls weie n>.t then expected to yie'd
an/ ni^ount of monej, that was not the object, ihe
object was to get th m seite! Nor would they
ev._r vicld the Governo-en^a dollai but for that
line of sutlers who wem into the wild woods and
preceded what wis falsely railed "good society "
When the second lino came foiward, they were
very glad to find the wilderness opened for their
progiess, and some deceit It g cabins ready built
to their hands The same system, m substance,
thou?h its form m ght be slight!/ mod fied, must
eon'inue to prevail Mr L. do'ied gentlemento
ching  it Much as tho American people re-
spected the law, th°y novel wt uld consent, for one
ranute, to s"e their hardy, eniei prising fjlow-citi-
zens turned off by a file of soldiers from the land
that had teccived all it-, value from their toil
ITe hoped gentlemen from the East and from the
South would not forget the circums'a-,ces under
waieh their ewnfyrefutheis had commenced the set-
tlement of thoie portions of the Union He hoped
they ucasid not forget, uthsr, tae tncubns wheh
tne leitslation of Cmgress haJ imposed on the set-
tleis of the West by congregating on their frontier
a vast body of resentful savage warriors, whose
presence, power, and angry passions were as a
shouldering volcano to all white settlers in their
vicmuy. Tnrse settlers were fully sensible of their
danger; and thsy wished to fortify and ¡.srengthen
thsmeslyss sgaias! is fey swy msaus in thssr pew 
er. Tney wanted to see covins; in amot g their fo-
rests new emigrants from all parts of the world.
It was a matter or comparative indifference to them
whether these who consii uted this valuable acces-
sion to their security were naturalized American
citizens or not, Ihe moment the foreigner settled
by thef side, he became a sharer in the common
danger, and the consciousness of this, togelhtr
with his hardy and adventurous hab f-, made him
at once an efhc ent toidier. Many years since, the
Genera! Government adopted a system, a weak
and unwise sj s em, m Mr. Limn's apprehension,
in regard to a certain portion of the publ c domain
wh ch contained lead ore. In the year 1822 or
1823, the Government invited, by proclamation, all
who chose to come there and dig for the mineral,
that their labor, through a tax upon the lead, might
constitute a source of revenue to the Government.
Multitudes of hardy miners from the old world and
from the 'iew availed themselves of the opportuni-
ty, and were settled on on the lead lands at the time
that Black Hawk and his party crossed the Missis-
sippi with his band of -avage folio vers, and placed
himself between Galena and the adjacent new set-
tlements in. Illinois and Wiskrn^an, and, but for
the presence and the hardy bravery of these mi-
ners, the entire frontier would perhaps have been
laid waste by the tomahawk before the regular ar-
my could have been concentrated for their protec
ti n Yet thesed efenders of our infant settlements,
of the helpless families of the inhabitants of the
froit er, were "squatter.," were the "mrudersand
trcspacers" of whom some gentlemen spoke in such
injurious language Their presence was the means
of saving millions of money and thousand^ of
livrs It berime men s tu ted as were the pfople
on our Wes ern border to look to all sources for
an augmentation of their strength Should the In-
dian tabes w io had be*n collec'ed on the frontier
once combine in an attack upon the country of the
whites, 'he whole military force of the United
States could offer but a feeble resis'ance to their
incurs ons, out would be duven before them like
chaff before the wind The gentleman from Ken-
tucky on the left [Mr Crittenden] had sp ken of
these Indian as a set of poor, nated, half-armed
savages, and had insinuated that there was not the
slightest d mger to be appn hended from any thing
theycou'ddo. But was it njt the duly of that
gentleman to have investigated somewhat further
the actual ^ta'e of th" facts before he <-poke thus
slign mgly oi the dangers of an Indian invasion on
do eneeltss worn n and ch Idr^n? Oi tie frontier
of Missouri and Arkansas, chiefly west of Arkan-
sas, there was at this hcur a bedy of 26 OU0 Indian
warriors, prepared at an) timi to take the field.
Tn'> . eie now, it Was triK, receiving annuities
und r (•"eat es with the United ¿.tale", but let these
annuities be pa d off, and then the only chain
which bound thsm to us, oi rather which held tack
their savage thirst of slaugnter and revenge, would
be gone What restra ned them nowi In part the
receipt of their annuities, end in part the dread of
the whites. Bdt would this always be sufficient?
All who knew the Indian nature knew that war
was ¡heir e ement, their pride, their chief delight.
No'hmg availed to keep Indians quiet but a visible
force It was vain to tell the?i of a force they did
not s e, it trust be befo-e their eje—visible and
tangible A people like this, with 26,000 warriors
on the hn^s, aid many thousands more wiihtn stnk-
írg distance, were th^y to be restrained by the 1,500
or 2 000 troops which the Govermreut had on that
front er? The idea was prepo terous Besides,
suppose our dispn'e with Great Britain, or some
dispute with aro her foreign piwer, should issue
in war—had they ro access to those Indians?
And when organ z3d for war, would they not form
the most efficient bodv of men of the kmd ever
biought mto the field? They most assuredly would.
Those who doubted this knew little of the matter.
What had been oar pa' exptr ence? All the
language in which some indulged about Indians
being cowards was an error, a great error. Had
our set'lements found them cowards? The truth
wa* that, man to man, these Indian warriors were
equal to any troops upon earth, in bravery and de-
termined resolution! in dexterity, ¡n facility of
ssefsass?, ia   Iy stmige , in th* power of tm*
