S6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Huntingdon.
Jan. 1841.
Senate.
Mr. HUNTINGTON addressed the Senate, in
substance, as follows:
It is no part of my present purpose to discuss, at
much length, the general subject of ihe pre-emp-
tion laws of the United States. There are two
reasons which deter me from such a discussion.
One is, that the indications are quite apparent that
a «majority of the Senate will sustain the policy of
these laws in some form; and the other is, that ihe
subject has been so often and so recently the topic
of debate here, that it cannot be expected that
much, if any thing, which is new or important, ap-
pertaining to it, can be suggested. I wish, how-
ever, to call the attention of ihe Senate—of the
friends as well as of the opponents oí preemption
lawsi—to the peculiar, and, I think, extraordinary
provisions contained in the bill before u-.; provi-
sions which, when understood. 1 cannot believe
will be adopted by this body.
That this bill, in its present shape, is an exten-
sion of the pre-emption system; that it introduces
new principles, gives greater faci iiies, and holds
out new encouragements to settlers on the public
lands, is not denied. Indeed, the latter object is
¡apparent on ihe face of the bill, and avowed in de-
bate. That it will, in effect, produce ah entire re-
volution in our whole system re'a'ing to the public
lands; that it is unju3t to the Slates collectively,
and impolitic, inexpedient, and fraught wilh serious
mischief, I have no doubi; and I propose to exa-
mine the several secnons of ¡he bill with the vmw
of sustaining the opinion just expressed.
The bill is prospective in its operation. It does
not look merely to the advantage and security of
the settler, who has already gone on the public lands,
in good faith, and made his improvements, and
who is still theie, wilh the intention of becoming a
permanent resident, and a citizen of the Slate
where he has sealed. In this respect it diffeis from
former pre-emption law?. They were intended to
give the industrious and enterprising settler ihe
fruit of his labor and industry, alrei-dy bestowed
upon the public lands, ky allowing him the privi-
lege of pre-emption. The act of 1838 confined its
benefits to the actual settler of these lands, who
wat in possessrn, by personal residence on the
land, at Ihe lime of the passage of this act, and for
four months next preceding. Sccuiily, in the form
of pre-emption, lor settlements and improvements
already made, was the design of that and the pre-
vious acts. This bill prt.vides for a new class of
nettlers. It holds oat encouragement* to enter upon
the public lands without right or title. It declares
that the persons described in it "who shall make a
settlement," &c. shall be entitled toa priority in
the purchase, ft invites to unlawful entrie; upun
the public domain, (i <>iTt-iv¡ inducements to com-
mit trespasses upon the propeiry ot' the nation. It
says'to the ¡settler, m advance, that lie ¿hal bo so-
died in the pre-emption right to lands to wh:ch he
has not the shadow of a legal or equitable claim, if
he will enter upon them. Ii is a proclamauon by
the Congress of the United States, proposing not
merely protection to those who are already settlers,
but containing an invitation to the people of all
nations to become intruders upon the public lands,
and offering to secure ¡hem in the enjoyment of
the fruits of their trespass. Why should there be
such a departure from the principle adopted in for-
mer pre-emption laws'! Why should the legisla-
tion of Congress be invoked to encourage violations
of its laws, unlawful entries upon, and continued
possession oí its property? Why should a general
request be made to settle down upon the best of the
lands of the United States. Has a law holdin 
(OUt such inducements the sanction of any just or
equitable principle Or can it be defended on the
ground of genera! expediency or public policy'?
"Bat to whom is this invitation given? Who are
to Be the objects of the bounty of the Government?
Who may claim the benefit of this pre-emption
lav?? The answer to these questions may be given
by looking to the ptwonal qualifications required
of the, settler, and the acts which it is necessary for
him to perform.   By the law of 1838, he must be
the head" of a family, or over twenty-one years of
age, and a housekeeper. He must be an actual
settler, in possession by personal residence. By the
proposed act, the settler must be a white person,
the head of a family, or a widow, or a single man
over the age of eighteen years; he must make a
settlement, inhabit and improve the land, and raise
a log cabin or other dwelling thereon. To all sueh,
from every quarter of the globe, whether aliens or
citizens, and without reference to character; whe-
ther they owe allegiance to this or some other,
country; whether favorably disposed or h< stile to
our free institution;-; whether good or bad inh ibi-
tants; to all, indiscriminately, is the invitation
given to become freeholders and owners of real
estate in this country. Is it desirat le that such an
unlimited offer should be made? Is it good policy
to encourage every description of persons to be-
come proprietors of our soil, and to remain such
(when aliens) as long as they please to continue
the subjects of a foreign power? Does this com-
port with that policy which seeks to perpetuate our
free institutions? or with that wisdom which would
encourage only the honest, the vntuous, the indus-
trious, to become owners of lands m the nation?
But this bill is not confined, as was the act of 1838,
to heads of families and adults. It allows widows,
and single men over the age of eighteen years, to
participate in its benefits. It invites the youth of
eighteen, who is under parental care an i authority,
whose duties to his parents have notceased,and mho
is legally incompetent to make valid contracts, (ex-
cept in a few cases,) to become a settler on the
public land1; to leave the service snd protection of
his father, and select for himself a portion of the
public property, and obtain a pre-emption right in
it. Can such a separation of parent and child be
deemed expedient? Ought encouragement to be
given to such a class of settlers?
Saeh are the persoRal qualifications of the set-
tler required by this act. I will now call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the acts to be done by him to
secure to him its privileges. It is only necessary
that he should, "make a settlement," "inhabit and
improve" the land, "and r.-iise a log cabin or oher
dwelling thereon." This language is very indtfi-
nite. No clear, precise meaning is given to the
words settlement, inhabitancy, improvement, log
cabin, or other dwelling. It is certainly open to
the construction, even if it will admit of any other,
that the slightest improvement, the frailest tene-
ment, ihs shortest occupancy, will suffice. The
bill does not provide whit shall be the nature or
the extent of the improvement, what the dwelling,
or how long it shall be inhabited, to confer the pri-
vileges secured by it. The occupant may improve
a loot of the land—may cut down a single tree—
clear away a few bushes—build a rod of fence—
erect the slightest possible dwelling, not larger than
is sufficient to contain his person—remain on the
land for a short time onl)—entering upon it with
the rising sun, and departing from it when it sets,
and then claim the benefit of pre-emption. He is
not, by the words of Ihe act, required to make a
bona fide settlement and improvement. Wholly
different was the law of 1838 in this respect. That
provided that ths settler should evince the honesty
of hi« purpose, the sincerity of his act of settlement,
the bona fides of his intention, by his being either
ihe head of a family, or over twenty-one years of
age, and also a housekeeper, by persona'ly «siding
on the land at the time, and at least four months
next preceding the passage of the act.' This fur-
nished some security that his design was not specu-
lation in the public lands for bis own benefit, or for
o hers; not a fraud upon the equity of the pre-emp-
tion law; not a mere nominal improvement of the
land and a temporary settlement upon it. Under
that law, he could hot come and go in a night;
erect a building which would perish in less than a
week; make a mere show of residence and im-
provement, and then claim the rre-emption. He
was to have a family, or be over twenty one
years of age; a housekeeper; an actual settler,
and this for at least four months, and down
to the passage of ths act. If this is somewhat
indefinite, it is much less so than the proposed act.
It provided some test of honesty and sincerity,
and, perhaps, practically furnished, in;most cases,
adequate security that the settlement was made in
good faith. It excluded minors: it neither broke
up, nor held out inducements to destroy, the rela-
tion of parent and ehild, and its legal consequences.
It was the housekeeper only for whom provision
was made, and such a person, it would be expected,
would have a comfortable dwelling, and the time of
his residence was required to be four months at least,
that it might appear that he was not a mere so-
journer, but that his residence was intended to be
permanent. The bill under consideration contains
no such salutary provisions. It of ens a wide door
to fraudulent settlements, and to the perversion of
that equity on which, it is alleged, all pre eruption
laws rest, and by reason of which supposed equity
such laws have found advocates and friend.-. What
necessity exists for this unusually loose legislation?
Why should encouragement be given to fraudulent
settlers? What reason can be urged sufficient to
justify a law which, in its operation, will benefit
mainly ths speculator and rich man? Why should
those who wish to force, more rapidly than hereto-
fore, the settlement of the new States, and to in-
crease, in a still greater ratio, their numbers, coun-
Bnance a project which, so far from securing to
them an industrious ard permanent population,
holds out inducements mainly te such as have no
intention to become citizens and residents, but to
use the law for the purposes of speculation; and to
add to their already overgrown wealth?
The Senate will thus perceive who are the special
objects of the bounty of the Government, and what
acts are required of them to entitle them to receive
it. It will be seen that the class is exceedingly nu-
merous, and little else than what is tantamount to a
demand of the boon is required as a preliminary to
its receipt. But of wfcii land is the settler entitled
to Ihe pre-emption? To what portions of the pub-
lic land is he confined? It would seem reasonable
that his right should extend, in ordinary cases, only
to that quarter section on which be has settled;
for his equity arises out of the fact that he has
settled upon and improved the land, and there erect-
ed his dwelling. The law of pre-emption is found-
ed on the assumed principle that it would be
unjust to take from an honest and meritorious
S;ttler the fruits of his industry. To protect him,
therefore, in the enjoyment of the product of his
labor is the design of the law, which gives him
priority in the purchase. He should, of course,
unless strong reasons exist for an exception in par-
ticular cases, be restricted in tbe right to the pro-
perty on which that labor has been bestowed. And
such was the law of 1838. But in tbe provisions
of this bill no such restricion is found. The set-
tler is entitled "to a pre-emption in ihe purchase of
a quantity of the public land not exceeding one
quarter section, in legal subdivisions," &c. He
need not confine himself to any portion of that on
which he has made a settlement, provided he can
find any public.land, in any State or Territory,
which is open to pre-emption. He may traverse
the whole Western country, select the best quar-
ter section he can find, which is not pre-ocenpied
or reserved, and is the subject of pre-emption, and,
under color and by virtue of his settlement on
other land, claim the preempton right. Nor is
he expressly limited in his selection to public
lands to which the Indian title has been extinguish-
ed, or which have been surveyed. If no survey of
it has b^en made, and perhaps if the Indian title is
still outstanding, he may settle upon it. The bill
provides that the settler "who shall make a settle-
ment on any of the public lands to which the In-
dian title has been or shall be extinguished,whether
the same be surveyed not,'' shall be entitled, &c.
The language is not, (as it should be,) to which
the Indian title shall have been extinguished at the
time of such settlement. Tnis would confine him
to such lands. And this was the law of 1838. It
declared that no right of pre-emption should ac-
crue to any person or persons in consequence cf
any settlement or improvement made before the
extinguishment of ihe Indian title to the land on
which such settlement or improvement was made.
And the policy and justice of such a limitation is
too obvious to require argument. It cannot be
thought expedient to confer on these settlers or in-
truders the privilege of going upon your choicest
lands, which are not subject to sale, and preoccu-
pying the best quarter sections, and thus acquiring
the right of pre eruption. But this bill may be so
construed as to give this privilege, provided the In-
