98___________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________       Jan. 1841 
26th Cong—1st Sess.                                     Pre-emption Law—Mr. Hubbard.                                                                 Senate.
tame quarter ¡.ection, it is doubtfnl whether valua-
ble lands are exempted from us operation, to which
it ought not to apply, it affords no security against
fraudulent settlements, but gives to the individual
who settles, for the benefit and at the instigation of
the speculator and the rich man, the same privi-
leges which are conferred on the bona fide se tier,
who enters solely for his own benefit, and exclu-
sively in his own right, it refers every question of
law and fact, m the constructi n and execution of
the law, to the register and receiver, to ba decided
summarily and finally by ihem, under rules esta-
blished by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office; and such a bill as this is to be made a per-
manent law
If it should become a law, unless I greatly mis-
take, it will produce some or all of these results-
It will operate injuriously upon the interests of
the honest bona fide settler, whom alone the friends
of the bill seek to protect
It will greatly encourage and enrich speculators
and rich men
It will give the selection of the best lands to
those who have no interest to become actual resi-
dents.
It will encourage fraudulent nominal settlers
It will eventually abolish the sales of lands at
auction.
It will convert the system of ca¡>h sales into sales
npon credit.
It will greatly reduce the proceeds of tha public
lands, and thus unjustly deprive the Union ot the
full value of its propetty
For such a bill (even were I in favor of any
pre-emptisn law) I cannot an 1 shall not vote. And
now, Mr. President, having advened to the promi-
nent featuies of the bill, and staled my objections
to its provision", I have only to add thai I shall
vote for the amendment of my friend from Ver-
mont, [Mr Prentiss ] because it reaches and ob-
viates some of the e objections, and when that
amendment is disposed of, I shall offer other
amendments, with the view of carrying out more
fully the design and object which tbo«e who are
the friends of this, bill propose to accomplish by
its passage, viz ihe encouragement of«honest bona
fide settlers on the public land0, by giving them a
pre-emption right in a quaner section of land on
which they have settled.
Mr. HUBBARD addressed the Senate as follows-
Mr. President The immediate question now be-
fore the Senate involves the enwre rejection of this
permanent prospective system, and the substitution
of the proposition iubmuted by the Senator from
Vermont.
I am, and I trust ever shall be, in favor of the
pre-emptive pruiciple Is is just, it is right in it-
self, and deserves our unqualified support. It has
long commanded the co operation of pspular feel-
ing and of public sentiment Viewing this subject
in the light I do, I should be faithless to my trust,
and regardless o¡ my publ c duty, should I with-
hold my support fiom this measure—founded, as I
believe it to be, upon the great pnnciple of immu-
table justice—calculated, as I believe it tobe, to ad-
vance the best mtensts of the Confederacy, and to
Secure the happiness, the confidence, and well being
of the settlers of our public doma n.
The immediate question, as I have before stated,
before the Senate, is the proposi ion submitted by
the Senator from Vermont, "To stake out the
whole bill after the enacting clause, and to subst -
tute the fol'owmg "
"That every actual settler on any of the pub.ic lands to which
the Indian titlehas been extinguished, except such as are here
matter reserved being the heat! of a family, or over twenty one
years of age, who was m possession and a housekeeper by
pewenal residence thereon, at the time of the passing of this
act, and for four months next preceding, shall be entitled to a
pre emption m the pui chase of the land so settled upon, not
exceeding onequarter section, at the minimum price now esla
bhshed by law
I differ with the honorable Senator who has just
resumed his seat, [Mr. Ho>.tincton ] 1 cannot go
along with him  aad give 10 this amandment my
support.     It  fails to   accomplish   ihe   object__it
comes short of the purpose / have in vi te It as-
serts plainly and in direct terms the p>-e emp-
Uve policy—and so far it meets my ap
probation—and I rejoice to find the hono-
rabls Senators from Virmont and Connecticut
¡eoaung m aid of this policy.   Heretofore, a «tro-
spective pre-emption bill has experienced much op-
position on this dior But the amendment submit-
ted by my friend from Vermont is a surrender of
the pnuciple—a yielding up of all objection to the
prs-emptive policy. Ihe course pursued by the
Senator from Vermont augurs well, and was an in-
dication that a great change in the sentiment of the
Senate had already taken place in relation to this
subject. But, as Í have remarked, it does not go
far enough The time has come when a more de-
cided measure should be adopted by Congress. We
have seen, and we must know, the effects which
have already been produced by the course hitherto
pursued. In my judgment, we should now go fur-
ther—we should, by our positive legislation, en-
courage the settlement of our public domain. We
have hitherto protected the settlements which have
taken place. We have heretofore sa d to the honafide
settler, you shall not be disturbed in the enjoyment of
your rights, the land you have occupied—the habi-
tation you have erected—the home you have made
for yourself and family, shall be exclusively yours.
We now propose by this bill to invite, to encourage
emigration, and to induce the improvement and
settlement of our public lands. Heretofore we
looked back, and by our legislation protected the
honest settler. By this bill we say to the emi-
grant, go forward, and you shall be sustained in
your efforts to occupy, improve, and honestly to
settle such a portion of the public land as you may
select, not exceeding the quantity named in the bill.
This constitutes all the difference between the bill
as reported by the Committee on Public Lands
and the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont They both contained and declared the
pre-emptive princip'e. They both encouraged
and sustained the pre emptive policy
The st ghtest acquaintance with the history of
our legislation, wou'd lead to the conclusion, that
the pre-emptive policy had oeen, for a long perud
of lime, the policy of our Government. For more
than forty years we have rt cognised this principle.
The right of pre emp ion was secured to certain
occupants of the public land as early as 1799—and
to each head of a family who resided upon and
aultivated a portion ot the public domain prior to
26ih March, 1804, in the then Territory of Michigai),
the right of pre-emption to one hundred and sixty
acres was expressly provided by the legislation of
Congress. By ihe act of 3d March, 1819, any
person who had settled en and improved any of
the lands in the Territory of Missouri reserved
for schools, before the lands were actually sur-
veyed, shall have a righ' of pre emption there-
to. And so it was in the land .districts in the
other Territories of the United States. It will be
perceived that a pre-emption right at least to one
quarter section was secured to every cultivator and
bona fide occupant of the public land, whether the
same had been offered at public sale or not. By
the act of the 29th of May, 1830—an act which
was passed within the fir t session of Congress un-
der the late Administration—the pre emptive poli-
cy is clearly and distinctly declared It is true
that by the terms of that act its operation was ex-
clusively of a retrospective character. It how-
ever as«erted that those who had with good faith
taken up portions of the public land, and had so oc-
, c ipied and so improved them for a prescribed pe-
riod of time, as to induce the bilief that they de-
signed to make permanent settlements thereon,
were prolec ed, and justly protected ¡n their rights.
This was the leading provision of the act of May,
lr<30 True it is, that act expired by its own limi
tation in a single year. But there was no occasion
for its longet duration Its object was to protect
settlements which had previously taken place,
and those whom Jt was intended to benefit, were
required to prove their pre-emption claim within
the period to which the act itself was limited
But in that act you cannot fail to discover the dis-
position of the Government to sustain, and to pro-
tect the actual settler upon the public land. The
feeling and the sentiment of the people evinced by
that act of their public servants was distinctly ma-
nifested. The adventurous pioneer—the honest
ccGupant of the public land—ihe man who had
made far himself and his family a home in the
wilderness of the West, was, by the act of May,
1830, defended and sustained. I cannot but con-
sider the question then as settled—the policy esta-
blished—and the right to rre-emption admitted.
Sir, would Congress at this day refuse to re-enact
the provisions of the law of 1830? Would they
dare refuse protection to the honest settler of ihe
lands. No, sir, mo. The amendment submitted
by the Senator from Vermont shows what are his
feelings, and it shows full well what is the state of
popular sentiment touching this subject. Mr
President, you caBnot stay the march of the pio-
neer—you cannot stop the progress of the actual
settlement of the public lands by any enactments
of Congress. The Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Link J in an able and eloquent speech, has portrayed
the fruitlessness and folly of every sttempt on
the part of Congress to check the march of the
intrepid and bona fide explorer of the wilderness
of the West for a permanent home. He
has said, and has said most truly, that you
cannot prevent, with all the force at your
command, the oecupa ion of the public domain
by those who wish to make permanent locations.
He ha , in a masterly manner, given us his views
upon the general policy of pre-emption laws. I
would not weaken his argument by any attempt of my
own to illustrate that policy. I fully and sincerely
concur with him in the sentiments expressed by
him on yesterday. It may, however, be well to
follow up the legislation of Congress a little further
inrela ion to this matter, as going to show with
what care, and with what interest, Congress has
watched over the rights of the actual settlers of the
public lands.    In 1834, it was expressly provided,
"That all persons residing on he public lands, and cultivat
ing the same, prior to the year eighteen hundred and twenty
nine, and who were deprived of the advantages of the law
passed on the 29th May, 1830, by the constructions placed on
said law by the Secretary of the rreasury, be, and they are
hereby, authorized to enter at the minimum price of the Go
verntnent, one quarter section of the public lands, within said
land district "
Such has been, then, the character of the legisla-
tion of Congress for nearly half a century. Such
were tbe provisions of the law of 1830, and such
has been ihe policy of the Government before and
since that period. To protect the bona fide settler—
to sustain his lights—to secure to him his pre-emp-
tion—this has been the policy of our Government,
this should be, and this will be, her future policy,
for it is in accordance, mmy judgment, with every
sentiment of fair dealing, of honesty, and of right
Let us examine the bill proposed by the commit-
tee, and see if in terms it does not advoca e the
same policy. Let us consider the amendment of-
fered to that bill, and see whether the whole differ-
ence between them is not confined to the opera'ion
of the two measures. Let us note some of the ob-
jections urged by the Senator from Connecticut to
the bill, and see whether those objections have
been well taken.
In the first place, Mr. President, there is not a
shadow of difference in the principle of ihe bill and
of the amendment. They both advance and sus-
tain the right of pre-emp ion.
The bill seeks to establish a "permanent pro-
spective pre-emptive System," and as such I give to
it my unqualified support. The amendment is in-
tended merely to protect settlements already made.
And what aie the objections urged to this pre-emp-
tion policy, prospective as it is in its operation.
It is said that it will produce an enure change in
our system, touching the public lands. And it is
said that if this bill passes, it will be an invitation
to unlawful entries upon the public domain—that
it will encourage violations of ihe laws—justify
intruders upon the public lands, and protect them
in their trespasses and wrongs. Is this so' That it
will effect a change in the pre-emption policy, no
one will deny. That it proposes a prospective sy-
tem instead of one retrospective mis operation, all
will admit. Bnt, sir, I deny that any such conse-
quences can be fairly charged upon this measure,
should it become lh<? law of the land The bill before
nsgoes to justify entries upon the publ c domain with
the bona fide intent of making permanent settlements
Some of the very objections urged against this bill
apply with great fo'ce to the amendment pro-
posed by ihe Senator from Vermont Continue this
retrospective pre-emption policy, and what is it but
an invitation to intruders to enter upon the public
