Jan. 1841.              _____________APPENDIX TO THJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______                    4t
26th Cong-,..2nd Sess.                                               Pre-emption Law—Mr. Hubbard.                                                             Senate.
of this body, how it could be refused to hi? Mate?
There weie seven millions of r/ablic lands still
unsurveyed; they constituted the fairest pomon cf
the State; and though they had not been laid cut
into sections and quartsr-sections, county lines had
been established by law, and would gentlemen pre-
vent settlers, entitled by law to vote as all other
citizens oí the Sta'e, fro n going and occupying
these new counties and filling them up with a har-
dy agricultural population? If so, what was to be-
come of these lair portions of toe State, ¡he new,
fresh, and fértil/- lands which invited to settlement
and cultivation' Wouldgentl men «ay that the peo-
ple of Illinoi", or stranger  from a distance, should
not be allowed to occupy Goun íes in the old At-
lantic States regularly organized by la.s? Audit"
not, why should they deslíe to say this n ieferen<?<
to similar counties, in the new States' Some of
the members of this body had recent!) beentiavel-
ling m the Rock nvei country, would they say that
thesettlers veie all guilty of frauds, frads in every
shape? that they were a set cf plunderers and
land p rates? He was willing to refer to the Sena
tor from MUs achusetts, [Mr. Webster ] L°t that
gentlenoaa tell the Senate what lie saw m tnit
country, and what sort of a popuiain n he found
upon the public domain Was it filled with rich
specalutors? or was it occupied by the poor, írdas-
tnoue, enterprising actual settler' He believed
speculators hid had p'etty near enough of dea'mg
in the wild lands of the Wt t
On the subject oí graduating; the pr ce of the pub-
lic lands, the Sena, or from Kentucky [Mr Cur]
had used an argument which was fallacious in
point of fact. He had nctstel that it could not be
good financial po'icv to hope to get moie money
for the lands by reducing the price. He said that
the Senate had been deceived as to the vast amount
of poor land, which winld mt bring over inenty
five cents an acre, as large qunnti ic  01 tl s vtry
land had tmce been actually sol 1 at the Govern-
ment price. Trns was true, and what had been
the result? All who lal been engaged in such
purcha es had been brcken bp and totally ruined
There had come, not long mce, a man from Phila-
delphia who only looked at he map to aseer'ain
what tracts were still vacant, and he had bouaht
them up m ;U directions, in fict, had swept the
whole country. He purchased at lie Government
price, and he had been ruined. In 1835 the
amount sold was between four at d five mill oris ot
acres; in 1836 it went up to twenty-four million;,
The same course of things appealed Pt the «me
period from an assessment of the value of re<l e -
late in New York, the same spmt prevail d evety-
where; and what hfd been the issue' Universal
ruin and desolation. Figures, therefore, while they
showed a vast apparent increa'e of th" public
wealth and prosperity, were not alway  U be re-
Led on.
3>t any man go and look at the«e We tern set-
tlements, let him travel through them nt m ngle
wi'h the people, 'et him see «-hat scrt of people
were on this national don am, and who they «ere
that were actually benefited by onr pre-emption
law, and they would s on have all doubts as to
the expediency and utility of the system done away.
Men who went into that region on a pack-horse,
carrying their worldly all upon his bark, had now
become respectable formers and were able to give
their children a good education. Should not the
law give a preference to such men as the e over
mere land speculators'!
But it was said that, if this bill should pass, th>
sq ratters would rush out upon the lands, even be-
fore they were surveyed, and take posse-sion of the
best portions every where. That was true, ard
that was just what every Western man desired to
«ee. Let th m. rush, let them get ho'd of the Ust
and choice-t lands; and tren, ií the snecuhtor
chose to come afler them to purchase on «p eola-
tion, let him tafee up wiih the refuse that war Lft
It was true that in some particular cases the land
thus obtained had brought a high price He knew
one case where a mm h"d obtained a trac ot land
in exchange for a hirse which he had tectn ly sold
for $8,000, he had ihen gone further on, and settled
again. Did gentlemen wish to put a tup to this?
H-e horJed cot: be wanted to see it go on.
And then let it be remembered that the new S ates
had theufselves a direct interest in the passage ol
such a law; and they had a right to insist thai some
such act should pass. D d gentlemen wish to hold
up vast tracts of wild land from sale, and thus
keep it from the reach of the taxation ot the Sta.e'
Did they really w?nt to cramp and embarrass the
new States? Kv«r> gemlem-m knew that the pub-
lic land* in a State, when sold, were ecempt from
State taxation "or five yeats D d they want to
krep back ihe t tmination of tKis period as lite a<
po sibte' There «as no mjus'ice in the enactment
of a law of thi> k nd If it did go to fo>fr the
growth and augment the ueal'h of the rising States,
was that a íesult not to be desued' Very possibly
the older States m ght, m some degiee, suffer from
the emigration of their population westward; but
they shoald not rne'eavor, on that account, to pre-
vent their poorer citizens from bettering their con-
dition, and providing a heritage for their chi'-
dren. Under this sjstem of pre-emption Illino s
had al'eady attained a population exceeding that
of Kentucky, and surpas-ing by twenty thousand
that of the Od Dominion But would Seni-
tors fiom those States prevent the (migration
of then poorer neighbors'! He trusted no . he
was sure thet mver woull act from such a mo-
tive. On ihe contrary, every facility should
b  extended to those honest and enterprising men.
What moi e d d genfiecnea expect to get for this Go
vernment land? Was not a dollar and a quarter
enough for an acre of wild land? Suiely it was
But supposing it would bring $10 an acreatauc
tion, wa> that a reason that itihiuld be held up
from the rfach rf ihe poor min who wished to cul
tiva'e and improve it? And wa> he to be con-
demned to toil all hisdavs en a second or thud
ri'e «oi1, that the Treasury migh le tnrebedbv
--elhn  it« lard to Wealth/ men'
Gentlemen suppo.ed that a reduction ol the price
of the poorer por ion of the mnds would not lead to
more sales and a larger consequent leceipt oí mo-
ruy. He thought they were nustdk n. Gradua-
tion uas, in fact, the policy of every S ate that b?d
Ian 's of us own to sell. Kentu ky owned land'
south of Ihe Tennessee river, ha 1 she not gradunlly
reduced her price until ltcaint down as low as 121
cents' That was the policy of I lmoi=. She had
sold at §1 25, th n at ¡¡fl. then a' 75 cent , ar d was
no 7/  ellmg her land at 50 cent" the aue Were
the «amecoui^e pursued in reference to the United
State- land-., man/ weuidte induced to examine
wiih a view to ge ung a gcod ba'gam, and the con-
sequence would be a gre^t mo ease ot the amount
actually gold Afler lois had been continued some
time, ind tne «ales grew slack, then diminish th^
price aaam,and «o o«, till notan acre was left un-
sold. He admitted tor1 when p >er land lay imme-
diately adjacent to good land, he o-vner oí the la
t r was likely to give a better price for it than
others for convenience sake, beeiuse fr >m i's situa-
tion it was wonh more to him, but this held only in
parti'ular cas % and rut generi'ly.
He con luded by expressing his hope that the
bill wou'd pass It would be seen that, except in
wnatlaiu was subject to private entry, tti°re could
be no delay of piym nt. Th^ momvit the land
on which a pre etnption had been gran'ed was a'-
verttsed for sa'e, the settler must pay the mo-
ney for it, or lose his p-e-emption. He had no
doubt that, should the bill pass, more money wou d
be brought by it into the Treasury than cou'd he
obtained in any other mode. The money paid at
Burlington, n Iowa, on pre-t-mption lands,had in a
few weeks amounted to half a m 1 ion of dollars
ThatTerruorv had already 40 000 inhabitants, and
would shortly be apal>ing to come asa Stat  into
tne Union,
Mr GRAHAM of North Car< Una rose and «aid
that he had or ginallyentertaired no design to parti
epate in thi? discussion Those xvliom he repre-
sen'ed (>o far as he had ascertained their wishes)
were generally opposed to the policy of pre-emp-
tions, and he himself, concurring m that opinion,
had intended to con enthimself with a silent vote,
but for certain doctr nes which had been advanced
and facts stated in the progress of the debate. The
bill would have been far less objectionable to him
had the amendment prevailed wh,ch was offered by
th- Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Chittenden,}
limiting the bounties which it proposed to confer to
American cit zins, and excluding unnaturalized
ioteigners. But, in resisting this amendment, the
distmgu'shed Senator from New York [Mr.
Wiught] had contended that any one of the States
had the right to confer the elective franchise <?n fo-
reigners without naturalization, according to the
laws of the Uoited States, and thas enable them to
vote in e'ections under th s Government, and the
honoiatle Senator fromllbnois, [Mr. Younq,] who
ha  just taken hi^ seat, had «tated that this doctrine
was actually carried out in practice in his State,
for that there aliens had voted after a residence of
six months. It was upon 'Ins subject he had risen
to siy ¿i f  w words. He could not but regard such
a docirmi as directl/ in the teeth of the Con'ti-
tution of the Uní ed S'ates The honorable Senator
fiomNev York [Mr. Wright] understands this
power to belong to a State by reason of the general
provision in the Constitution that members of the
House of Representatives and the President are
directed to bs chosen by the people of the several
States, and that "the electors in each State shall
have the qualifications rtquisite for electors of the
most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
It was unnecessary for him to reirmd one who
showed himself so familiar wrh such subjects, of
the ordinary rale of interpretation, that all parts of
the mstiument must be looked to in giving tt acon>
«truct'on, and that general words were oftentimes
controlled by particular provisions. The section
of the Constitution immedia'ely preceding that re-
feired to by 'he Senator from New York was equal-
ly g nera' in its terms- "Alt legislative power 
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress cf the
United S ate , which «hall cousin of a Senate and
House of Repiesenunves." If we look nofurttur
than this cWu-e, the Senate and Hou«e of Repre-
sewalive-  c n make laws without hindrance ot
concurrence fr->m any other depaitmem of ihe Go-
vernment. The words are as comprehensive as
any that our language can afford. But in the sut-
stquent parts of ihe Coisti'ution we learn that
no art of Congress ^ha'l become a law unless
H receive the approbation of the President, ex-
C"pt in cases wh ch need not now be mentioned
Finding this first and broadest declaration of the
Ccit, nution qualified and res rained bv subsequent
prevision , our suipns  will le ihe less it we dis-
cover tt^at thtt ret ef on foi the support of the
power m qjfsuon ii subj?ct to a lik> quahfici-
tion Let is, m passing, nquire who are "the
peop'e n( the serial States" by whom tepresenta-
tive , &c are to be chosen' Who aie tbepeojle
rf Kentucky, among whom you, sir, revde? Who
aie ihe people of New York' Does any one un-
deistand tnem to include unnaturalized aliens,
owing allegiance to foreign Government, and
bojnd to chave to th<¡m in the event of a contro-
versy w th our owi ? Bat suppose that by the
generili'y of these woids they were embraced.
The Constitution elsewhere, in express terms, gives
to Congress the p >wcr "to es'ablish a uniform rule
of natuializatii n," and Congress has exercised that
power by prescribing in  rule. From is tery
nature, it rannot be concurrently exercistd b/ the
General Government and the States. There can-
not, in the nature of thing', be a uniform rule
throughout the Unned S ates,and jet differentrules
m difíírent S ates But it is asked by tbe Senator
from New York, [Mi Wright,] shall Congress
prccribe the qualifica'ions of voters in the Slates?
By no means Congress cannot prescribe any
qualifications fcr electors m the States who are na-
tive born or r aturalized citizens; and even in the ca^e
of a foreignei they cannot prescribe to him quah-
ficatu ns "as an elector, properly so called, but
they pre.cnbe the means by which a disqualifi-
can n under which he labors may be removed, and
such disqualification can be removed by no other
author.ty. This construction of the Constitution
conflicts with no just rights of the States; on the
contrary, the rights of all the o'hers are grossly
violated by any one of them undertaking to natu-
ralize aliens in any other mode than that agreed
upon in the Constitution of the United States. The
States by the Const'tution, have entered into cer-
tain stpulations w th each othei, which none of
