Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4f
26th Cokg....2\d Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
was apparent, she was not the less earnestly engaged
in pushing her settlements to every point of our patsi-
fic territory, from the waters of the Oregon to Cali-
fornia; and for the peculiar purposes of her far
trade, and other ulterior objects, not yet developed,
she had extended her laws to every poition of the
West, eren where we held the right of eminent do
mam, within the Indian possessions.
Sir, there is no movement of the British Govern-
ment in regard to ourselves which is not maikid
by a wise and careful looking forward to the fu
ture, and no man can have given a profound at
tention to her history, without perceiving that her
position ib intrinsically difficult and great For the
present, she prefers our friendship, and needs the
moral countenance of evtry disinterested people of
Christendom It is entirely reasonable to suppose
that her ab'e statesmen understand Her complicated
relati ns, and the m'ncate Ime of action she has to
pursue in the present pressing and maturing affair^
of the world, and nothing short of a stupid diplo
matic blunder, joined to bad temper, could possibly
ínvolva us now m a war, when it is the obvious in-
terest and the desire of both to maintain peace I
do not mean by this that Gr eat Britain is anxicu<¡
to expedí e the adjustment ot our differences, but
the questions which present themselves on the sur-
face of our intercourse, are not those open
which she is disposed, at present, to take on
any very high excitement It is moat pro
bable she would prefer to leave them open to
the acce sioa of o her cause , until the time
and the occasion shall be ripe f>r her to as-
same a very different att tude. Without íntendmg
to trace the motives of her future aelion, it is p'am
that, although we may have peace with her for ten,
or perchance fifteen years, which, however, I think,
pretracts the supposition beyond the probability, we
may confidently expect that our commerce and na-
vigation will interpose such rival inlere t^ to Ivr
progress in every quarter of the globe, which u
made accessible to our interprise, that she will dien
be ready to invent the vi ays and means to hasten
the cosfltct At present she is (ccup od with
watching a nearer ar d more formidable power—a
power made so by herselt, in. the height of her pre
judice, and the violence ot her pass on. Tne mi -
msnt she stru k the falchion from the h?nd of the
Gaelic Csesar, &nd plucked from his brow the iron
cown of Lombaidy, she felt and perceiv d her er-
ror, and hastened to adjust h-rsdf to the move-
ments of that other rival dominion, which ro«e un
matched, as that a^endant genius sank benea h
thehonzrn It is now more than twenty years
since thai reraarkab e event, and the Auiocr<¡t of
Russia, pursuing the una vowed end of a profound
policy, and with signal success passing onward
from his frozen reglen to the East and the South,
has transferred Ü12 question of the balance of
power from the old seat of its adjustment idEj-
rope, to Asii and Africa. In thit, grand drama,
England is cast as an actor having the deepest
s'ake and greatest agency, and she is preparing 10
play her part with an energy that never tires, and
a wisdom that never forsakes her. Of her final
triumpa in any great struggle like this with Emo-
pean nations, I have not the slightest doubt; and if,
in the progress of events, it shall become necessary,
she will d.c'ate the terms of peace in the p'atns of
Anatolia, and with one foot planted in. Egypt, and
the other in China, flushed with conquest, and pis-
sessing an empire upon which the sun in his wide
career never sets, she will present herself m the full
panoply rf war, not only as she now is, the most
\ formidable power of the world—but our most for-
midable rival of the world. It is m thatatt'tude of
things that I contemplate the rival destinies between
England and ourselves' It is a conflict that is *ixed
and inevitable, unless the spirit of justice and for-
bearance, and of kindred feeling, which, Heaven
send, shall prevail in the mutual connci's of these
nations. And, Mr. Presiden', humble and incon-
siderable ps this measure may be m contrast vi h
such mighty events, it can be made 10 form a grf a'
and leada g link in the defence which you w 11
be called ¿m to make in that great contest'
What, in that event, is to prevent Etigland
passing from Asia to the Pacific est ast, and crossing
tbt Roeky mountains ts preeipitat  as  allied arm/
of dis-iplined veterans, and enraged Ind'ans upon
yourWeskrn bo-ders. Sir, it Is no impracticable
und rtakmg to a power possessing the position and
the means of Great Britain The resources to sup-
ply an ¿rmy in the coun'ry to be penetrated, are m-
exnau^tible That movement would be met by a
correspondent line of action on the part of the
British Fur Compan es, m order to bring into re-
quisition, eve y ludían warrior beyond the Mis-
sissippi. Let us not forget that Great Britain has
atre dy her standard at the mouth of the
Oregon, as if the spun of prophecy was upon her1
And shall we he itate upon a line of policy to
whk.li v e are bound, as well from the oanger that
has sprung from our own hand, as by those which
mus fellow from the natural course of events'!
Shall we hesila'e upon a line of policy, which, if it
pievailed nj where els-, we are solemnly bound to
establish upoT that Western frontier' The Indians
are in a concentrated body there, by our act, and
Enaland occupies the Oregon by our connivance'
Such, Mr, is the answer I have to make to those
who think ihere is no danger upon our Western
frontier, and such are the views I entertain in re-
gard to th s qiies ion, and whether considere 1 as
affecurg the pu/ate happiness of indiv dual*, or
the public prosperity of the country, it seems -to
mea wis* forecast demands of us the passage of
this measure The time will come, I have no
doubt, when aH individual opinion will give way to
the progre s of event , and I humbly trust, that
our legrlation will be such, that those who come
after vs will find reason to rejoice that the pohcy
we now propos  has fulfilled the just and ample
expectations of its advocate—the poor and the in-
dustrious befriended and the public prosperity pro-
moted
T.ie following rematks were submitted by Mr
Prentiss wit*.n the above bill was uider conside-
rate 1 on Monda/, thp 4th instant.
Mr PRENTISS said he d d not intend to enter
at a'l into the general policy of pre emption laws.
He rttemed it a together unnecessary to do so, b -
cause that question had been discus-ied at length,
anl very fully, on foimer occasion*, and every
member mii't have made up his mind decisively
upon it His object was meiely to state, and bring
d st nctl/ to he notice of the Senate, the mam pai-
tica'ar? uhtch distinguished thi« bill from all other
la" s wh ch had been passed upon the subject, and
wh eh, in his c pinion rendered it sineularly and
exrvedngly c' jcctionable
It was, ve'lkncHn lhathehad not looked upon
preemption laws wuh mueh fanor, that he hai
ben onpoted to the who'e ^y tem, and hid uni-
formly lottd aga nit every bill of the kind, believ-
ing, a> hi did, that the sjstcm was wrong in prm
ciple, unsound in policy, and incompatible with the
public m'srest, as well as with every considera-
u n of justice But if he had entertained a differ-
ent op n on a d had given his assent to lha la /s
wh ~h had b°en previously passed, be could not ba
prevailed uroi toyield h s support to a mea-
sure of «o ex'raoramary a character as the present
one
Tn° first and most essential particular (said Mr.
P ) wmch distinguished this bill from all former
H vs «as that it was prospective and permanent,
ho Aire, out an invitation to persons from all quar-
ters of the world to settle upon the public lands,
and 'o endure for all time to come. The laws here-
tofore enae'ed had been entirety retrospective in
tbea opera'ion, confined to cases of past settlement,
and had professedly held out no encouragement to
fututc intrusions upon the public domain. Mr. P.
wished to know v hether the Senate w^s prepared
lo depart from the policy h therlo invariably acted
upon, anl to carrv it to the extraordinary extent
contemplated by this bid. For cne, he musr ss>y
tl at he was unwilling to make the pub'ic lands an
o'jeet of scramble and plunder, nt<t only by oar
own cmz ns, but by aliens and foreigners
Fo>mei laws had been framed m such a way as
to "uard against traud=, and to effectuate the pro-
fessed intention of the laws The act of 1838 de-
fined what should constitute a settlement. It re-
quired a posesión by pei&onal residence on the
¡ana at ths time of passing the get, aad. fet fear
months next preceding. The present bill gave the
right of pre emption, generally, to all persons who
should "inhabit and improve the land, and raise a log
cubm ihsnon," without specifying what should
amount to an inhabitancy or improvement, or con-
taining any limitation as to the extent of the un-
provement or the duration of the inhabitancy. The
bill, in this respect, was extremely vague and inde-
finite , and it was d ffieult to perceive what there
was t > prevent any one who should erect a tempo-
rary cabin, plant perhaps a rod or two of ground,
and camp upon it a week or so, from securing to
h mself a title to the exclusion of all 0 hers It
was obvious that the facilities to fraud would be
great, and it requiied no unctmmon discernment
to see that speculators and jobbers, rather than
bonajide actual settlers, would receive the princi-
pal benefits of such very liberal legislation Slight
acts 1 f settlement « ould answer the purpose, and
nothing would be easier than for capitalists, men of
weal h, lo plant hordes of squatters upon the pub-
1 c land«, one here and another there, and m that
way monopolize to themselves the choicest and
most valuable tracts in the whole extent of the pub-
lic domain The last pre emption law wh'ch had
been passed was carefully guarded in this particu-
lar It required from every person claiming the
benefit of the law an affidavit that he entered upon
the land exclusively for his own us« and benefit, and
not for the use or benefit of any other person, and
that he had not agreed or contracted, directly or
mdirecil}, to convey or transfer it to any other per-
son The present bill contained no provision of
that s rt, or indeed any security whatever against
abu es, but left the way open and unobstructed to
th? practice 1 f the most extenJed fraud and specu-
late It was lurthertote observed that there
was ¡ao 1 mitation as to the time of payment for the
land, and the stttlsr might hold and enjoy his right
to i not only for many years, under a credit with-
out irtere t, but u mi¿ht be for an indefinite period
oí time. The interests of the United States were
not properly or suflie emly secured in several other
respect, which mighi.be mentioned, but it was hard-
ly worm while ti so fmther into details.
The bill (Mr. P. said) was a measuie, in his
view, of a new and very extraordinary character.
It « as not only pro pective and permanent, but most
extensive in us opera'ion It covered the whole
public domain It extended to lands surveyed and
unsurvoyed It exposed the richest portions of
any and all to be picked and se!rct d, to be seized
npon and taken up,at the met nsid-rable price of a
¿ollar and a qu?r er an acre, as well to gratify the
avarice a^ cupidity of grecdi, rapacious specu-
lators, as tosatisfv the wants of the needy but hard
laboung and meritonotis cultivator It would su-
persede and pu' an end to the whole land system, a
system almost coevel with the Govern-nent, which
had been in successful operation nearly taifa cen-
tury, had be-n tested and approved by long expe-
r ence, and the benefic al effec s of which had been
seen and felt by isll To a mea«ure of such tre-
mendo! s import, involving consequences so much
at variance with public policy, so seriously affect
mg one <f the great interests of Ihe country,-Mr
P would repeat, hs could not give bis as ent.
Monday, January 11,1841.              v
The que'tion being upon the instructions moTec
by Mr Chittenden, as fo'lous
Resolved That tht bill bo recommitted to the committee
that repotted it, with litbtiuctions to report amendments theme
to the following effect
1st To distubuf the proceed  of the salee of the public land!
among the beveral states of the union in just and equitable pro
portions
2d lo grant to actual bona fide setttas upon the public
Un s tht light of pre emption to anytjuanitty thereof notes
ceeding o ib half beciion or ¿20 actes including place of set
tlunent at the minimum price of «1 25 per acie, with such
pi m ihions as shall limit thie right ol settlement and pre enip
tío 11) actual bona fide settlers whose estate at the time of set
tlemuit ihall lot exceed the tahie of St000 and further
with such piovisions as shall eftlctually exclude the wealthie
speculators from all benefits under thn> law, and bhalt preven
them from mteifenng with, or partiripating in, 'he pnvilege
aid ught i! settlement and preemption which are hercb
"ranted and intended foi the sole advantage of the needy an
honest settlers and cultivators of the soil
Mr. CRITTENDEN addressed the Senate 11
reference to the instructions he had moved. Hi
said hs eoula  declare, wuh great sandsr, that hi
