48                                              APPENBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                               Jan. 1841.
26th Cong......2-sd Sess.
had not made the motion to recommit with any ex-
pectation of delaj ing the Senate in its acion en
the bill, and was nota little surprised at the unex-
pected effect oí that motion on the temper of a
port'on of the Sépate. It had not been his. wish
thai the isstruetions with which he had accompa-
nied his motion should have given rise to so mud)
discussion as had occurred The proposition was
a perfectly pUinJ one; it spoke for itself He
would consent io vo e for allowing the bona fide set-
tler to have his laud a* the minimum pnce, f-ee
from the interference of the wealthy «peculatoi,
and therefore he proposed so to amend the bill a-s
to confine its operation to the man who cotila make
oath that his whole propel ty did not exceed the
value of $1,000 He would go for a pre eropt on
law if gentlemen would consent to unite  i h ¡t
the distribnnon principle
Mr. BENTON made some remaik  in r'ply,
which were given in our paper of the 12 h irsian
Mr MANGUM of Nonh Carolina sai i ne w„s
far from concurring -with the honorable S¿ ator
[Mr Benton] in toe opinion that there uas any
incongruity between the bill under consideration,
and the proposed amendment, and far less ('id be
concur m the justice or the propriety ofdeno'inc-
tng tre amendment a¡> znons'rous, as an unfau
made of assault, as in short, an enormity. The
truth is, (*aid Mr. M ) there is no one v ho 1< oks
at the, various movements wtuch are made in rela-
tion to the public lands, and the various questions
which come np he e that does not perceive thit a
consideration ot one of them necessarily and pro
petly calls up the considerat on of all the rival ai d
alternative piopontions
As to the pre tmpticn bill now before t,i<^ S n >te,
it is impossil' e to lorm a just e uñate of i , ana
come to right conc'tsions unless we coBMd rn 11
connection with all lh<" othir mei«u es or its
friends—unless we cunsidei it (a^ it is) a part tí a
great system—as an dement m tne grea' sci eme cf
a definitive and ul ma'e di'.po ¡tion oí the vast
public domain of the countiy
It is m truth, in the language of ¡he ho-oisble
Senator f'om Tennessee, [Mr Anderson,] the first
step to a final disposuion of *ha pobl'c domain I
thank the Senator for this explicit and nunly
avowal of the purposes and vievs of tne friend-, o
this measure Tlic first Mep 10 a final disposition
of the pu 1 c domain1 Yes sir, it is die first s*ep
in ths race where eaji struggles to he first in ihe
great wo:k of squaodenng and <catH nn' tl is more
than prmcely domain to all t e winds ol Heaven,
by bes'owing it in largesse , by g\mgit io sche-
mers and speculator, and ínviung to its occupa-
tion all the end  of the earth, th  ba->dit of the Ap
pemnes lhemeicenary S*i s, the hungry loafer tí
the cites ct the Old Wond, the offil oí the dis
goiged jails penitential e , and houses, ol correc-
tion ot foreign coanlnes—all, all arem/ited by
this b 11 Io c-mgle wi h our American cit zens, and
seize upon the pjb io Unds ind appropriate the.i, J
excluding the o d Sta'e , i ho   pro¡e ty 11 com- I
mon with their sis ers they are, fro i any sub tan
tial and equal pirteioat'on in ilus common pro-
perty of them all                                                       1
I confess, said Mt  M thit I  i> a* ,i loss tn de-
termine wh ch is  the most oojeo io able, t^e pun   '
ciple or the detaih ot lhi*s bill     To  me it «-een«s |
the crudest, the mojí d jane, aid the l as   saíel,  i
guarded that I have ever known to be   ntro iuced
into the  Senate.   It being,  however, a sort < f I
whole«ale disposition of this vast pioperty, wuhont
equivalent or consideration, the deta I, can be of
hat little moment, except to exhibit to a curious I
observer what vast r?sjl - may be found m con   j
n'c ion wuh the weakest burg ing
This bill goes to levolutionize the whole system
of pre emption itself, as that ha? heretofire exist
ed, and in th*  end to abrogate the whole lardsjs-
tem, which has been built up and con olida ed
through a series of tear , by so much care and la-
bor, and which has extorted praise and eulogmm
from all 'ides of this Chamber. Heretofore, when
settlement had gone in advance of a regular d spo-
sition of Ihe public lands, and the hardy pioneer 
had shown evidence of good ei'izenship by habits
of honest 1-bor, Congiess, out of tenderness for the
eirjzen, and a scrupu'ous  desire the'   every one
Pre-emption Law—Mr Man gum.
should enjoy theava Lof his own labor, have over
looked the ong nal intrusion, and in a 1 beral and
parental sp.nt given the right of pre emption, so
tha every one mignt continue to enjoy the humble
dwelling and other improvements, the result of the
sweat of his own brow and "the work of his hands
This wpspure bounty, unmixed gratuity, conferred
by a Government unwilling to repress or ihwart
tie energies and enterprise of these hardy men, who
had sought upon the daik brow of the wilderness a
restiaj place for nVrr wives and their children It
«as a kind of cojces^on to the lcstless energies o
this Anglo American race of ours, whi^h, ¡hough
a little too U'lobfe^Vdnt of the rights of ot íers, j tt
had the heart', tne hands, tho w shes, the purpose ,
and the patriotic asoirations of Amtncan ci'iaens
—a lace that loved their countiy, loved liberty,
and were íeady to peril all th"-y had in enteipn es
dargeiou-ior Uheiwi«e, m defence of their cjuntrj
it may be thit, in any aspect, financial oi pel tical,
the occasional and judicious interposition of Con
gress m th ir behalf was wise, as rao t indubitably
it was kind, 1 beral, and parental All these ca--ts
were retrospective, overlooking ímt all e ciror,
and quieting these hardy pioneers m their homes,
their titles, and all thi fruits t f the^r labor If this
legis'ation was so'newhat unjust to the old Sates,
}et it was kind, and upon the «hole may not hace
teen unwise
But row, for the first time, it is proposed to bo'd
outstanding lues and temptations to the whole
woild to come and seize upon our ptib'ic domain
To sustain this svesping prosp-ctive n easurs I
have beard doctrines avowtd ¡ore objei nonab'e
than the measure iKelf, from uhich my judgment
r vo t5, and whit ), I am coi, íknt, could tney be
submitle 1 dmct'y to i e who!  Am ri( an peop'e,
woii d b  iid „na i 'y, if io! to ltenpttitm I), rt-
j ct d I '■ay ihio nil inv tes die whole, wo 1 I,
a'ien-, as well «s cm z ", to com3 n 1 take pos^ -
sonoi (urp^bic domain, aMhow' Unftr any
ru't' Acoidi^g to any uni orm repjula'im1 ¡So
no, oir Tno bom ty is held cut to ¡hi* twi'iest foot
and the s rongeit arm, the->e are to seiz , and da-
fend what has been seized, "vitii a'l 'be mea>is t at
G d and Nature have placeo w their hands And
ad this worst of coatjs.oi and d-moral zition ♦o
be «anctio^ed by this grave b d>, ay, to be invited,
solicited by our legislat on.
If kc were a weak and feeble nation, physically
unable to defend our liberies  we might  indeed
hoi 1 out ¡"dueerreati to foieigners to bring 11 our
¿distance the  pr tec i n of iheir  phy ical  forie
But has n come to th s   ihit wt are obliged to >n-
vi e forci.ner.  to a^- st  u  in t^e defence of our
htr iage cf liberty1!   To bring arnoiiis  tn ihs tits
of civil za'ior1     To  e hance  om power,   either
moral or phssicrd1    Can any one b heve thit we
ftie reduced to a n cessity like tha '   Ho, oir     Toe
fiiendsof tus meaiure  would c^st tack soxh i
'aunt witi scoin  and  indigna i">n     What then'
C^nany one doubt t at thi-> bid is ihe hr t s ep to
wards the <-qi.aid r n-; /"id   vi ist tig he j ubhc do
mam, so fai .-s 'he old State-, i e cone i  e i?  T^at
the new Stales ftel is a ftttcr,   h a gil s thf ir over-
excited «eisirili i,  Ihe claim   of  the  old Sin'es to
la* d witrj n tne r 1 nit ?   To get n 1 of th s and to
mak  th™ dp'-fiLftion of th" r sx ts of tne old States
M dden and compete, i' is ptopos d to i vest with
the highest privilege of Amer can fr e csi foreign
e o not na ural z d    To give to  alien  ctrangeis,
wno mil ccme and Ipke, v^bat iid s"utabl> b longs
to all ihe States in common.   Aid this  to as ua<*e
a pa nful senv.ibi i v,  an ov >r-wroui,hi pride, Ihit
will concede noth rg to those who hue given them
every thin¿;.    A= ii not content vvi h the desecra-
tion of ourrgh's of pioperty, it i con enUd that
the efsvoied alien-, '•hillal o exercue llu rights cf
suffrage—tie buhe t lights of freemen,  and be
endowed by the>3 S a'es wi h di3 elective fran-
chise, ii disregard oí   Congiess and all   the co-
States.
I real not (said Mr M ) to go into the argu-
ment of this noidental question, momentous and
alarming as it would be, did we not fee! confident
that it will ever be met by ihe real people of ihe
United States with a stern and uncompromising
lesistacce. The doctrine is anti national, .t is in-
compatible with the very conception of a political
Senate.
community endowed with the power of perpetuat-
ing its institutions No nation that I know of,
mat had ruen to the dignity of an independent
community, ever íolera'ed tne indi criminate ad-
mission oí toreignets and alien influences to a full
part cipation in its elections and rs government.
What is our case? Who effected our Revolution?
Tne people of the respective States They had
formed independen' political communities. These
S'atei, before the adoption of ihe Fid.ral Con-.titu-
non, did of right exercise the power of determining
who should be considered citizens and entitled to
all the privileges and immunities of citisiens They
further r ghtfully regulated the terms and condi-
tions upon which aliens might be adopted in the
community, with all the rights and privileges of
frte citizens Who did, and m'ght rightfully do,
all this? The people of the States. Who could
gainsay 11 Cou'd the Englishman, the Hollander,
the Italian, or the Po'c? Unquestionably not.
Who thta?   None but the people of the States.
By tha adoption of the Constitution, each State
conferred upon the General Gio/ernment, as acom-
mon agent, all tho¿e power  which it could better
exTcise for the beneht of the whole thin could the
Siat s respectively for themselves, reserving to the
States ^uch as could be best exercised by and for
themselves This common agent had in charge all
our foreign relations, and had the regulation of all
our intercourse with foreign powers Thi  Fede-
ral Government and lhe e Stale Government were
made by and for the people of the United States
aid their posterity The power of parsing uniform
law. of na'uril zMion of foreigners was conferred
oi ihe common agent—'he Federal Government.
Tpis grant pa=se 1 the whole power. Such was the
opinion of the tnhgoteaed and able contesiporane-
o is wri ers >p the Federalist, such his been the
uniform opinion of eveiy respectable writer on
c n i utioral 1 a , as fai as 1 know, such has been
the cxooHtioti in i majoii'y of the States, as I sup
pjs>=, c ruwly such has bren the exposition in
Norta Carolina by a'l its euihon'ies judicial
and leg slaüve. The dis'nbation oí political pow-
et ¡n the Sta es, as well as the General Government,
rests upon a ri ht enumeration oí the people of the
respective St? tes Our whole political scheme
resU upon it. It was piovident, therefore, that, in
a matter «o immediately affecting the relative
po-/ei of t">e State, there should be some uniform
ru e regu'attng accessions from abroad of aliens,
wihhabus, feelings and pnrciples often alien,
not to say hostile, to the genius and spuit of our
institutions Sach apropision is conformable to
th" gen«rtl sen-e of mankind in all ages in well-
regulated political commumue-, Hence I regaid
the piovision in the Constitution of Illinois as in
confl ct wi h the Constitution of the United States,
and of cours  void, and that a persistance in the
cnumeiation of aliens as ci'i¿ens, so as to affect
the relatu ns of political power between her and
the other St Ue-,, and the permitting of them to ex
ern^e the e ective franchi e so as to affect the ac-
tion of til' Government common to all the State?,
would bo in bad faith and clearly violatory of their
cornisón bond
The question n not whether Congre s can pré-
seme tne qualifications v, inch shall constitute a
vo er in th° Sta es No one contends for any such
thing 1 ne St? tes can each prescribe for itself in
eve-y íespect, except where inhibited by the cor-
fernng of the po vieron the General Government,
and tl o«e who are empowered to vote for members
of th' most numerous branch of the State Legisla-
ture may also vote for members of Congress, and
non? others The only difficulty is, not m the non-
existence, but m ihe application ot the remedy, in
rases where the States shall transcend their con-
stitutional authority Wherevet the authorities of
wis Government can reach the ctse, they can ap
ply the remedy If aliens <hall vote for a mem-
ber of 'he House of Kepse entatives, upon a ques-
tion of contested election, the House may take ]B-
r s t etion and r?cnfj the error
[He e Mr Wright of New York, a^ked what
wdl you do m the ca e of a Senator elected to this
body by a Legislature in part formed by the voles
of alien*?]
Mr. M. said the only difficulty consisted ¡n ap 
