3 an. 1841.________                        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________                   4!
26th Cong-...2nd Sess.                                       Pre-emption Law—Air. Mangum.                                                          Senate.
plying the remedy. Iu the case put, great difficulty
and inconvenience might arise, perhaps insupera-
ble—and so in. many other ca^e  that might be put.
What would the Senator do m the case «here a
majority of the States should decline or refuse to
elect Senators to this chamber1 In the latter case
it would operate at once to the destruction of ihe
Government, and yet I know of no lemely. The
truth is, in our complex political system, much has
been left, and, of necessity, must have been left, to
the good taith of the States, the authors and cre-
ators oí our system And perhaps in every case
where a pract cal r medy l  not provided, it was
deemed safe to leave it to the good faith and good
sense oi the parties to the covtcan'. But I have
turned aside to this incidental question mamly to
enter my protest against ihe doctr<nes avowed, and
to show that North Carolina, in that gx>d faith
which has always characterized her relations wah
this Government, holds that the adop ion of lhe
Ftderal Constitution has abrogated h<>r constitu-
tional provision for the na'ural zation of aliens,
and that she may not swell her relative power in
the Confederacy, either by the enumeration of
aliens or the pertnitung of them to exercise the
elective franc'sise.
I said in the outset that I found great difficulty m
determining, in relerence to the present bill, which
was the more objec'.onable, i's princip'e or its de-
tails In respect to the latter, they have been ex-
posed by various Senatois so fully and clearly that
"he who runs may read " When befoie now has
it been propo ed to hold out temptations and
rewatds to infants wno by law owe alle-
giance to the h°ad of their family? When before
now has it been propose 1, for the sake of encou-
raging emigration, to break up domestic relations—
those primeval bonds of society which it is ot so
much importance to keep sacred and intact? The
ambition that looks to the highest office in the Re-
public may have an interest in inviting into the
melee all infants that, at the end of the next four
years, may be invested with the n<>hts of suffrage.
This bill holds out the same benevolent intentions to-
wardi widows. How excellent a virtue is bene-
volence! And how cheap, too, is the beneficence
that confers bounties out of ether people's goods
and chattels, lanas and tenements' But, like the
witch's prophecy, while it keeps the promise to the
ear, it breaks it to ihe hope The whole is mere
delusion—it is worse—t is imposture. Such wi-
dows as re^'da m the immediate neighborhood of
the lands to be settled may possibly get the benefits
of the bill, but the great body of the des itute
widows throughout the Union, and especially on
the Atlantic frontier, will not be benefited a stiver.
Again, there is another principle in Ihe bill more
objectionable lis operation i extended to land un-
surieyed Th* entire alien populmon of the globe,
as well as our cit z ns, are invited and temple Í
into our national domain before a chain earner has
entered upon it. Proclamation is made to all to
orne an J seize upon oui best spots, and they shall
keep whatever they take Has any Government
in,the world acted upon a principle like this? Must
it not inevitably lead to riot, bloodshed, and gene-
ral confusion? Where have ever such lures been
held oat to alien interlopers, bandits, and scape
graces of foreign lands to come and seize upon
so rich an inheritance, and hold it by s'rong
arm,  r at the muzzle of the rifte? All they
are reomred to is te come upon the land, to
build a log cabin or some- other dwelling, and
call it a settlement, and the right of pre-emption
3s fixed. How long are they required to occupy? A
week, or a day, is sufhcient, for no specific length
of time is required by the bill. How many settle-
ments may be made by the same person? The
bill as introduced prescribed no limitation. A re-
luctaat limitation to one in the same Slate has been
imposed by a vote of amendment, yet the same
person may make the tour of all the frontier bar-
rier of Slates and Territories, and in each me work
of a day may secure a quarter section of land in the
most favored spots at the minimum pric, and (hat,
too, on a credit, to be paid whenever, and only
whanever, the convenience of the enterprising and
travelled gent'eman may seem best to admit of it.
What a broadcast waste and squandering of this
4
vast national property' The waste would be a re-
pioach Co the age, and the consequent riots, fruds,
and confusion would mark this measure as an
epoch in the career of prodígate was efulness of a
discomfited, def-ated, and desperate Administra-
tion. True it is, by an amendment, the same per-
son shall be entitled to but pre emption But what
may hinder him from setting one m eich ard eveiy
Stale and Territory? Whi-re are the guard-?
What check is provided?   None, not one'
One of the amendments declares lhat a man may
not move off from a set'led home and get a pre-
emption by going on the public land in the same
Stite. What prohibits his do ng the thing by go-
ing into the next Slate or Terrnoiy? or all the other
States and Territories? I'is declared to be tor the
benefit of the poor; and yet a man on a fraction of
forty acres may not have the benefit, while the
weallhiest money-holder may avail himself of the
privilege Admirable equality. The friends of
the measure have refused to confine the-.*1 bounties
to the poor, worth not m re than $1 000 or $300,
and jet the mm fixed to a poor cpot of little value,
wiih his wife and children, sha'l be inhibited, while
the rich in bank stock, money, or oflvr personal
estate, shall enjoy it Tms is one of the beaut es
of a scheme conceived in a spirit of such ardent
devotion to Ihe mlercs's of the poor and laboring
man
But an objection yet stronger, if possible, exi« s
to the mode of adjusting and settling the disputes
arming from conflicting claims among these set'lers
The mode proposed in the bi 1 is quite characteristic
of ihe principles of tbe past and the present A Jm -
nistrat on wh ch now 1 ls stranded It brings the
masses of conflicting cUim which now must arise
under this bill within the r ii°;e of Ex cuiive de-
termination to he despatched stuimanly andwih
a sort cf military celenU—the Execu'ne agent
disposing of a complicated and kno ty quts ion ot
private right with the lacd ty that he would wheel
a squadron of well di ciplmcd political troop1!. S r,
it erects a new sort of jjdica u^e, with van and un-
restrained powers, taking wuhn *he scope of its
jurisdiction vast and complicated mtere<ts.
The legis eis and receivers of the land districts,
subject to the regulation of the head of the land
office, are to dispone of all rte questions of con-
flicting claim in a summary way Can any one
fail to perce ve that here is helJ outeveiy cmceiva-
ble lure and temptation to fraud, that the bill
opens the way to a regular sy tern of corruption,
that these powers will b" devo'ved on men not
most distinguís1 ed generally for abd ty, and yet
with dutiti overtasking the highest ability? Will
it not tend to corrupt both the Government and i s
dealers' May it not be wielded so as to subjugate
tie entire fiontier, from ihe lakes to the gulf, to the
will of thnrf pohuco-jujical masters?! A d<~z n
men ma'fe a rus'i for a mill seat oi w-.ler privilege
or salt spring, and in case ih  r ft  and bowie knife
shall fail as judiciat ins rumenl-i to ¡.ett e the con-
troversy, then the appeai lies to this other eccentri-
cal judicial tribunal of the registers and receivers,
whose judgments are to be final and definitive. I
suppose we need not fear that the sword of Bren-
nus, or the bowie knife, or other extraneous mat-
ters, will be thrown into the judicial scale'.
But this is a log calm bill. In its title it pur-
ports to be esoecially for the tenants of log cabins.
Its friends are friends of the log cabin; it is design-
ed to confer a bounty on the great body of those
poor men who have no means to better their condi-
tion but to settle on a little spot of wild land and
build iheraselves a log cabin Yes' it is to provide
a home for the log cabin men, for the poor, hard
handed, honest, mdustuous setiler' Admirable be-
neficence' I am glad to see gentlemen's sympa-
thies awakened for this great body of our citizens
—the greatest, indeed, whether we regard them for
phys.cal force, devoted patriotism, or for those
homely, S'mple, primitive, untainted, and genuine
virtues so much out of fashion in the saloons of
the great and powerful. I respec them, I esteem
them, and I would cherish them to the extent of my
ability. Yet with what consistency have we seen
the gentlemen act who hold to us ihis language?
Will^they consent lo a |500 limitation? No. To
a $1,000 limitation?   No, sir    They mvite to com-
petition wiih ihem, not only the wealthy df"our
own country, but the whole world, of every tongue
and clime, whether they come in rags or purple and.
fine linen
And jet tney talk as if ihe bill were especially
for the poor Who can believe it? Or who does
not believe and know that the bill is what oafe<of
its friends de.cnbed it, [Mi. Anderson,] tne^firef
step towaids a final disposition of the public do-
mam?
I am not, indeed, disposed, either as a private in-
dividual or a public man, to regard the public do-
main purely in a financial view. The General
Government ho'ds( the^e lands as a Uast. They
should administer, or rather execute, this trust re-
posed in them, jUsily, but with liberality.
I am not fi r restricting the system to such rules
as bind a mister in chancery I would, if I sould,
elevate myself to the position of a statesman, I
would regard the public domain as a trust, m which
all the States have an equal interest. While I am
j list, I would be hber.il, but while liberal, I would
be ju t I ask, what right ba? this Federal Go-
vernment to admmis'er ihis trust but in •such a man-
ner that it shall mure to ihe benefit of all the States?
Where do gentlemen find their authority? N>.
where.
To judge rightly of this specific measure, we
must consider it in connection with the graduation
bill. And who can doubt lhat the two united w$
cut deeply into the financial resources of ihe coun-
try?— hat they will deduct large sums from the fis-
cal means ot thu Government? What is the first
step in the practical operation of this bill? In the
fir^t place, all the lands likely to bring a price over
ti-s minimum established by law w 11 be seized
on forthwith, not only by our own citizens, but hy
the renegadoes and al ens of the o'd world. And
then what remains—what gentleman call the refuse
lands—will be brought under the auctioneer's
hammer on behalf of the Government Who will
bid No one. Wnat next? These lands having
been offered, and remaining unsold, the auction
system will be Withdrawn frooi them, and thev
will tben be subjected to the Procrustean opera-
tion of th? graduation system, descending ra-
pidly from 11 to 50 cefits, 25 cunts, and I2i cents,
and then an unconditional surrender of the residue
to the S ales respectively in which thev he The
average amount of the auction s-des under the pre-
sent A Imimstration does not much exceed the mi-
nimum pne  But It t ?iU the lands which in the first
place woudsell at prices greatly exceeding the
minimum po off at tne minimum, and then appljr
the graduation p'incipl  to the residue; is it not
plain that the average income from auction sale?
would be greatly below the minimum?
Oa this subject mj attention has been recently
drawn to a very valmble and important paper,
which discbses that system of delusion which has
for many years been p'ayed off upon the public,
mind, such a systeman -cheme ot deception and
imposture as I neier could haire believed to exis',
had it not been pro/ed by official documents. Ire 
fer to what has been constantly told us in reference
to this principle of graduation. I will not detajn
the Senate by going through all the details, though
they eminently deserve the most careful and attear
live consideration, and I hope will have it from those
more familiar with the subjects than I &! ;jand if
a gross delusion has been practised, as I conceive 
for years upon the old States, I trust it will be cor-
rected.
I find that, m pursuance of a resolution adopted
by the Senate, the head of the land bureau caused
returns to be made of all the public lands unsold,
in the respective States and Territories, accom-
panied with such other information as was deemed
useful in forming a just estimate of the value of
th s great national property. I find that, on the
30 h of June 1828, th-re remained in Ohio 2,584,-
347 acres of public land unsold The land officers
estimated the value of this more than two and a
half millions of acre i, at $1,747 126, or nearly -one
million and three-quarters of dollart. These lands
had been offered and m market from seven to
twenty-eight years, but little less than the half of
them had been in market twenty years and up-
wards   They ate represented as inferifirj and; to
