sst
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
SlfeCH Cono-'-Snd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
bounds of Arkansas, and, in consequonce, ail those
who had settled upon upon it were ordered to re-
move; and, as they shewed no disposition to do so,
a military force had been employed to remove
them. They went into the country and drove off
the squatters, but the moment the soldiers' backs
■were turned, the squatters came back, and so they
continued to do until, at length, they carried trnir
point, and received from the Government pre-emp-
Ubp rights. What could more plainly show how
vain must be the attempt to drive them by military
toree from the entire extent of the public domain?
Mr. L. had a practical reply in regard to what
the gentleman from Narth Carolina [Mr. Man-
gum] had said about lips'aves, and the profound
regard of all American people for the majesty of
the law. Suits had, in a gteat number of cases,
been instituted ag-iinst the settlers as trespassers,
but as often as the case had gone to a jury, to of-
ten had the verdict regularly and uniformly been
given against the Government, which had thus in-
effectually expended many thousand dollars. How
was this practice ever to be restrained? To do it
, by the constable and his staff had been tried in
vain, and there remained but one other alternative,
which was utteily abhorrent from the feeling of
every American citizen. Could any gentleman
cherish the belief lhat the American people could
stand'tamely by and see iheir fellow-cit.zeni de-
stroyed by military force, for the offence of build-
ing a-cabin and cutting down a few trees on a
tract of wild land belonging lo ihe public? For
Mr. L.'s part, had he an enemy in the world—and
he believed he had but very few—he would not
wish him a greater punishment than that he should
be the man to issue the order for an attack of this
description on poor unarmed cultivators of the soil,
and their helpless women and children. Sure he
was that the scorpion stings of that man's own con-
science would be a punishment too heavy for him
to bear. To that Mr. L. would be content to leave
him. Besides, no President could ever get the gal-
lant officers and soldiers of the American army to
enforce the law against ¡he*e people at the point of
the bayonet. As he had already remarked, this
band of pioneers preceded the law, and when they
hat! opened the wilderness, Government by degrees
brought the law up to them; and when things had
reached this point, the sealers prayed for a pre-
emption law to heal the breach, and Congress had
always granted it. What! would the Government
grant a remedial act to cover the delinquency of
every petty bank in the United States that violated
its charter by suspending specie payments, and re-
fuse a similar act to the thousands of hardy seitlets,
whose only offence was that they had, by their la-
bor, given value to the public domain?
Mr. L. would not ramble into general politics,
nor attempt a reply to gentlemen who had spoken
so warmly about offering bribes to the American
people. If art enormous, if a tremendous bribe
ever had been offered to them, it certainly was the
distribution bill; and yet that was an unpopular
measure in the new States. Mr. L. held in his
hand the first law which had ever been pissfd by
Congress to tuna men off from the public domain.
It had been first pointed out by the late Judge
White, and its object was to prevent those who
held inchoate grants from going on to t urvey the
public lands. Congress had admitted the «rant of
a Spanish Governor to be valid if made before the
20th September, 1803, in lower Louisiana, or before
the 10th March, 1804, in upper Louisiana. It was
considered somewhat hard that a grant, if made on
the 9th of March, should be valid, and, if by the
same Governor on the 10th of March, good for no-
thing. Cases went up to the Supreme Court, and
there it was decided lhat na grant should be valid
«¡Mil the land was surveyed. As soon as this was
known, the settlers commenced surveyin?; but here
' is a law of Congress imposing a fine of $1,000, and
threatening imprisonment to any giantee who
should go on the land for the purpose of .survey:
Thh Mr. L. bad denominated an iniquitous law,
and so he held it to be; but it p¡oved in effects
dead letter.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina had
said that he would not treat this question of public
lands as a mere matter of dollars and cent?, but
would look at it as a statesman, if he did so, he
would take into view all the powerful considera-
tions which urged men to settle on the public do-
main; and, so far from squandering the public
lands, would go with Mr. L. for applying their en-
tire proceeds to the support and increase of the
navy, and for providing for the public defences of
the country.                                                   v     :■
Tuesday, January 12,1841.            tí
The bill to establish a permanent prospective
pre-emption system, in favor of settlers on the
public land*, who shall inhabit and cultivate the
same, and raise a log cabin thereon, being the spe-
cial order of the day, was taken up, the question
being on the proposition by Mr. Crittenden to re-
commit the bill, with instructions to report a bill
to disiribute the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands among the States, which Mr. Calhoun
offered to amend, by substituting a bill to cede the
pub'ic lands to the States in which they lie, upon
certain conditions.
Mr. CALHOUN faid: I regard the question of
the public lands, next to that of the currency, ihe
most dangerous and'difficult of all which demand
the attention of the country and the Government at
this important juncture of our affairs. I do not
except a protective tariff, for I cannot believe, after
what we have experienced, that a measure can
again be adopted, which has do^e more to corrupt
the morals of the country, public and private, to
disorder its currency, derange its business, and to
weaken and endanger its free institutions, than
any other, except the paper system, with Which it
is so intimately allied.
In offering the amendment I propose, I do not
intend to controvert the justice of the eulogium
which has been se often pronounced on our land
system, in the course of this discussion. On the
contrary, I believe that it was admirably adjusted
to effect its object, when first adopted; but it must
be borne in mind that a measure, to be perfect,
must be adapted to circumstances, and that great
chaDges have taken place, in the lapse of fifty
years, since the adoption of our land system.
At that time, the vast region now covered
fey the new States, which have grown up on Ihe
public domain, belonged to foreign powers, or
w; s occupied by numerous Indian tribes, with the
exception of a few sparse sett'emenis, on the in-
considerable tracts to which the title of the Indians
was at that time extinguished. Since then, a
mishty change has taken place. Nine States have
sprung up as if by magic, with a population not
less, probably, than two-fifths of the old States, and
destined to surpass them in a few years in num-
bers, power, and influence. That a change so
mighty should so derange a system intended for an
entirely different condition of things as to render
important changes necessary to adapt it to present
circumstances, is no more than might havg been
anticipated. It would, indeed, have been a mira-
cle had it been otherwise; and we ought not, there-
fore, to be surprised that the operation of the sys-
tem should afford daily evidence that it is not only
derated, but deeply deranged, and that its de-
rangement is followed by a train of evils that
threaten disaster, unless a timely and efficient re-"
niedy should be applied. I would ask those who
think differently, and who beüeve the system
still continued to work well, was it no evil, that
session after session, for the last ten or twelve
years, Congress should be engaged in angry and
deeply agitating discussions, growing out of the
public lands, in which one side should be denounced
as the friends, and the other as the enemies, of the
new States? Was the increasing violence of this agi-
tation, from year to year, and threatening ultimately,
not only the loss of the public domain, but the
tranquillity aad peace of the country, no evil? Is
it well that one-third of the time of Congress is
consumed in legislating on subjects directly or in-
directly connected with the public lands, thereby
prolonging the sessions proportionally, and adding to
the expense upwards of §200,000 annually? Is it
no evil that the Government should own half the
lands within the limits of nine members of this
Union, and over which they can exercise no au-
thority or control?   Is jt nothing that the domain
of so many States should fee under the exclusive
legislation and guardianship of this Govern-
ment, contrary to the genius of the Consti-
tution, which, intending to leave to each
State the regulation of its local and pecu-
liar concerns, delegated to the Union tho?e only
in which all had a common interest. If to all
these be added the vast amount of patronage exer-
cised by this Government through the medium of
the public lands, over the new States, an«l through
them, over the whole Union, and the pernicious
influence thereby brought to bear on all o'her sub-
jects of legislation, can it be denied that many and
great evils result from the system as it now ope-
rates, which call aloud for some speedy and effi-
cient remedy?
But why should I look beyond the" question be-
fore us to prove, by the confession of all, that there
is some deep disorder in the system? There are
now three measures before the Senate, each pro-
posing important changes, and the one, or the other,
receiving ihe support of every member of the body;
even of tboie who cry out against changes. It is
too late, then, to deny the diserdered stati of the
system, The disease is admitted, and the only
question is, what remedy shall be applied.
I object both to the bill, and the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Crittbnden] because, regarded as remedial
measures, they are both inappropriate and
inadequate. Neither pre-emption, nor distri
buiion of the revenue, received from the public
lands, can have any possible effect in correcting
the disordered action of the system. I put the
question, would one or the other contribute in the
smallest degree to diminish the patronage of the
Government, or the time consumed on questions
growing out of the public lands, or shorten the
duration of the sessions, or withdraw the action of
the Government over so large a part of the domain of
the new States, and place them and their representa-
tives here, on the same independent footing with the
old States and their representatives, or arrest the an-
gry and agitating discussions which year after year
distract our councils and threaten so much mis-
chief to the country? Par otherwise would be the
effect It would but increase the evil, by bringing
into more decided conflic, the interests of the new
and old Slates. Of all the ills that could befall
them, the former would regard the distribution as
the greatest, while the latter would look on the pre-
emption system, proposed by the bill, as little short
of an open system of plunder, if we may judge
from the declarations which we have heard in the
course of the debate.
As, then, neither can correet the disease, the
question is, what remedy can? 1 have given to
this question the most deliberate and careful exami-
nation, and have come to the conclusion that there
is, and can be, no remedy short of cession—ces-
sion to the States respectively within which the
lands are situated. The diseaís lies in ownership
and administration; and nothing short of parting
with both can reach it. Part with them, and you
will at once take away one-third of the business of
Congress; shorten its sessions in the same propor-
tion, with a corresponding saving of expense; lop
off a large and most dangerous portion ©f the pa-
tronage of the Government; arrest these angry and
agitating discussions, which do so much to alienate
the good feelings of the different portions of the
Union, and disturb the general course of legisla-
tion, and endanger ultimately the loss of the pub-
lic domain. Retain them, and they must continue
almost without mitigation, apply what palliatives
you may.   It is the all-sufficient and only remedy.
Thus far would seem clear. I do not see how
it is possible for any one to doubt that cession would
reach the evil, and that it is the only remedy that
would. If, then, there should beany objection, it can
only be to the terms or conditions of the cession. If
these can be so adjusted as to give assurance that
the lands shall be as faithfully managed by the
the States as by this Government, and that all the
interests involved shall be as well, or better secured
than under the existing system, all that could be
desired would be effected, and all objections re-
moved to the final and quiet settlement of this great,
vexed, and dangerous question. In saying all objec-
