Jan. 184 i.______________        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______               _____jf
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.                                   Pre-emption Law—Mr. Calhoun.                                  '                         Senate."
tions, I hold that the right of disposing of them
as proposed, especially when demanded by high
considerations of policy, and when it can be done
without pecuniary loss to the Government, as I
shall hereafter show, cannot be fairly denied. The
Constitution gives to Congress the unlimited right
of disposing of the public domain, and of course,
without any other restrictions than what ¡he nature
of that trust and terms of cession may impose,
neither of which forbid their cession in the manner
proposed.
That the conditions can be so adjusted, I
cannot doabt. I have carefully examined the
whole ground, and can perceive no difficulty
that cannot be surmounted. I feel assured
that all which is wanting is to attract the at-
tention of the Senate to the vast importance of
doing something that will effectually arrest the
great and growing evil, resulting from the applica-
tion of the system, as it exists, to that portion of the
public domain lying in the new States. That done,
the intelligence and wisdom of the botjy will be at
no loss to adjust the details in such manner as will
effectually guard every interest, and secure its
steady and faithful management.
In the mean time, I have adopted the provisions
of the bill introduced originally by myself, and
twice reported on favorably by the Committee on
Public Lands, as the amendment I intend to offer to
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] as containing the general out-
lines of the conditions and provisions on which the
lands may be disposed of to the States with safety
and advantage to the interest of the Government
and the Union, and great benefit to those States.
The details may, no doubt, be greatly improved;
for which I rely on the intelligence of
the body, and critical examination of the
committee, should the amendment be adopted
and referred. At the present stage, I regard no-
thing but the great principles on which it rests, and
its outlines, to be at issue; and I do hope, that all
who may concur with me on principle, will give
the amendment tbeir support, whatever imperfec-
tion they may suppose to exist in its modifications.
A measure relating to a question so vast and com-
plicated, can be perfected in its details, however
sound the principles on which it rests, or correct its
general outline?, only by the joint consultation and
counsel. With these remark?, it will not be ne-
cessary for me, at this stage, to give more than a ,
general summary of the provisions of the proposed*
amendment.                                   \
Its object is to instruct the comWttee sir to
amend the bill, as to dispose of all the jrabliciíínds,
lying in the Stales of Alabama, LouisianWMissis-
sippi, Aikansas, Missouri, Illinois, Michigan,
Ohio, and Indiana, with the exception of sites
for forts, navy and dock yard*, arsenals, ma-
gazines, and other public buildings; the ces-
sion not to take place till after the 30.h June,
1842, and then only on the States respectively agree-
ing to the ccnditions prescribed in the amendment;
that is, to pass acts irrevocable to adhere to those
conditions, tae most prominent, of which is to pay
annually, on a day fixed, to the United States, 65
per cent, of the gross proceeds of the sales of tte
lands; that the land laws, as they now stand, and
as proposed to be modified by the amendment, shall
remain unchanged, exrept with the consent of Con-
gress; that the cession shall be in full of the 5 per
cent, fund thereafter tolaecrue to those State*-; that
they shall be exclusively liable for the cost ot sur-
veys, sales, extinction of Indian titles, and manage-
ment generally; that the States may, within certain
prescribed limits, gradually reduce ths price of the
lands that may remain unsold after having been
offered for sale ten years or upwards; may grant,
for a limited period, rte right of pre-emption for
ninety days to the actual rettlers, at eaca step in
the reduction of price; and finally, that if the con-
ditions of cessi.in be violated by a State ia any par-
ticular, all titles or grants to land thereafter sold
by the State to be null and void—thus giving the
measure the force and solemnity of a compact, and
placing the whole under the protection of the courts,
which would pronounce the titles to be void, if
made after an infraction of the conditions of the
cession.
I' is not ray intention to go into an investigation
°f these various conditions at this time. On a
question of reference, where the principle only is at
issue, it is not necessary. It is sufficient to say
that the leading object is to make as little change in
the land system, as it now exists, as is consistent
with the object in view.and to adopt such provisions
as will enforce the faiihful performance of the terms
of cession on the part of the States, with the least
compensation for their expense and trouble, and
loss to the Government, in a pecuniary point of
view,consistent with the arrangement, Jf it can
be made to appear that there are reasonab'e grounds
to believe that the States will faithfully comply
with these conditions and that ¡here will be no
pecuniary loss to the Government, compared wiih
the system as it now stands, in consequence of the
proposed disposition, it would seem difficult to
conceive what substantial objection th?re can be
to the measuie.
I am thus brought to the great, I might say the
only question admitting a doubt as to the expedi-
ency of the measure. Will the States adheie to
their contract? or, to express it differently, would
there be dinger that the Government would lose
the land, in consequence of the Sla'es refusing to
comply with the condition's of the cession1? And if
nst, will the pecuniary loss to the G)vernment be
such as to make it inexpedient, even if there be
full assurance that the terms of cession will not
be violated?
Before I enter on the discussion of these impor-
tant points, it will be proper to make a few remarks
on the extent of the interest that would be em-
braced in the cession. Without it, there would be
but an imperfect conception of the subject.
The quantity of public lands lying in the new
States, and embraced in the amendment, was esti-
mated to be, on the 1st of January, 1840, about
160,000,000 of acres. It has been reduced since
by sales, the exact quantity not known; but it will
not materially vary the amount. The Indian title
has been extinguished to nearly the whole, and
about three-fourths has betn surveyed and platted,
of which'a larger part has been long in the market
(much, more than twenty years) and has been
picked and culled, over and over again, with the
view of taking all worth having, at the present
price, even during the great expansion of currency,
. and consequent rise in price, and speculation in
public lands, in 1835, '36, and '37. If compared
in quantity to the remainder of the public domain,
it will be found to be not equal to one-sixth patt of
the whole. In this respect, ¡t is a far more limiled
measure than that proposed by the Senator /rom
Kentucky, to which mine is an amendment. Thai
embraces not only the proceeds of the whole public
domain, exceeding 1,000,000,000 acres, but in-
cludes, in addition, the large sums drawn from the
duties on imposts, which are annually expended on
its sales and management, all of which he proposes
permanently to distribute. It is also more_ limited
in its application than the orginal bill, which em-
braces all the lands to which the Indian title is t- x-
tingukhed, as well Territories as States, which
greatly exceeds the quantity lying in the latter.
Having now shown the object and ti e character
with the scope of this measure, I shall next pro-
ceed to the great, and I mint say, in my opinion,
the only ques ion that admits of controvery—will
the States adhere faithfully to the terms.of the ce>
sion? Or, on the contrary, will they violate a com-
pact solemnly entered into, on just and liberal prin-
ciples, mutually beneficial to boih, and which will
place them, as to their domain, on the same inde-
pendent footing on which the other Slates stand?
I would ask, at the outset, is there any thing in
their history to justify a suspicion of a want of
good faith? Have th<?y been in the habit of vio-
lating contracts? If so, point out a single instance?
Instead of giving ground to excite suspicion, I re-
joice to say i heir hisury affords many and striking
examples of exact and faithful compliance with
their engagements. They all have standing com-
pacts with the Government, entered into on their
admission into the Union, which impose important
limitations on what otherwise would ba their un-
questioned right as independent members of the
Union; and, among others, the important one, not
only of not taxing the vast portion of their domain
held by the United States within their limits, but'
also, for the period of five years after sale, the por-
tion held by purchasers. To their honor be.it aid,'
that in ths long period which has elapsed froflr fit*
admission of the oldest of these States, there "lias
not been a single instance of a violation on tljéií
part of their plighted faith. With so striking aa
example of fidelity to engagements, with what jfia-
tice can it be objected that the States will viólate
their plighted faith to a contract every way advan-
tageous to them, as well as the rest of the Union?
Bat I take higher ground, and put the question,
with what propriety can we object to the wrait of
faith on the part of the States to their engagement^
What is our Constitution but a compact between
the States; and how do we hold seals here but in
virtue of that compact? And is it for us to turn
round and question the faith on which our system
stands, and through whioh we have our political
existence; and this, too, when it is notorious that
the State Governments have adhered with far mors
fidelity than this to the constitutional eompajct?
Many and great violations are charged, and truly
charged to us, while few, very few, can be justly
attributed to them.
But, admitting there might be danger of losing
the lands, should they be disposed of as proposed,
from the want of good faith on the part of the
States, I boldly assert that the danger of their being
lost is far greater, if the present system should un-
fortunately ba continued, and that, too, under cir-
cumstances vastly more Disastrous to the peace and
safety of the Union. What i have asserted comes
from deep and solemn conviction, resulting from
a long and careful examination of this vast and
complicated subject.
Those who have not given special attention to
it, and the progress of our land system, can forin,
no just conception of the danger to which the pub-
lic lands are exposed. The danger is two-ftilÜ:
that they will be lost by the mere progress of settle-
ment, without payment, in consequence bf the Vast
quantity beyond the wants of the country, to which
ihe Indian title is extinguished; and if that should
not be the case, they will be from the growing con-
flict between the old and new States, iri conse-
quence of the rapid increase of the latter, and t&
great difference in their respective views of "the
policy proper to be adopted in reference to them.
Both causes are operating with powerful effect;
snd if they do not speedily attract the attention of
the Government and the country, they will certainly
termínale before Jong, eilher by their separate' or
joint actii-u,in the lot? of the public domain.' No-
thing but a full understanding of the causes of dan-
ger; and the application of prompt and efficient re-
me !y, can prevent it; and what I propose'is to pre-
sent a brief sketch of my views in reference to
both.
As important ss it if, few have turned the atten-
tion it deserves to the almost miraculous extensión
of our land sjstem. In the comparatively short
time in which it has been in operation, the Indian
title has been extinguished, in round numbers, to
330,000,000 of acres, of which there has been sold
81,000,000, and granted away, for variotwpur-
poses, 12,600,000, leaving in the possession off fte
Government, on the 1st of January, 1840,'Sáe,-
000,000, a larger portion of which is surveyed,
platted, and in the market, showing that the pro-
gress of extiDgr.i-hing the titles of the Indians has
far outrun the demands of the country for Govern-
ment lands, as great as it has been. In . fact, the
reality far exceeds the statement, as strong as that
is; for, of the eighty-one millions of acres sold,
upwards of thirty-eight millions were sold in %\x&
years 1835, '6 and '7, daring the great expansion
of the currency and rage tor speculation in lands,
of which but a small portion, peihaps not a third,
was for settlement; and of the residue, a greater
part, say twenty millions, is still for sale in Ihe
hands of large purchasers. Making proper allow-
ance for the speculative operations of those ye¡ajs,
¡he actual sale of the public lands for settlement,
during the period of fifty years, which has elapsed
from the beginning ot the Government, would not
probably exceed vixty millions of acres, about one^
