54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th, Cong......2nd Sess.
Pi e-empíion Law—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
iouith as mile's ¿is tb*t lo wh'ch tne Indian tu'e is
no n extinguished.  .
But number;, can give but a very impuf.et con-
ception of th  vast ex tent of the region to  hich
the Indian tule is extinguished, and ot which the
Government is the s0Je and exclusi/e proprietor
To f®rm a correct idea of its great magnitude, it
wijl be necessary to compare it to por ior- of tae
Union, the extent of wh ch 's familiar tj all. To
enable me to do that, a fuend has furnished me
with a statement, trota wh'ch it gppea s that / all
ihs land now unsold, and to which the in lian title
is extinguished, wab grouped together, it would be
equal in ex'ent to nil New England, New York,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Mar}land,
Virginia, and a third of North Carolina But this
falls lar short of the vast extent of the region
throughout which itl.es dispersed—a region rq^al-
lirg all the old Atlantic State--, taking m all Flori-
da, the States of Alabama and Miss s«ippi, and
half of Tennessee Into this va*t aiid unoccupied
domain, our people, with \ multit ide of foreigners,
are pouring- yearly in one mces-ant tide, by thou-
sands on thousands, seeking new home1-, some v ah
the means of purchasmg, who select ih be 11. np\
others wtthinsufficient means, whoseleci' heir place,
and set'le, with 'he hope of purchasing m a short
time, anda laigf chis wiihmt means, who set-
tle on spots, without any fixed intention but tore
mam so long as they aro undisttirbe 1, < eneial y on
tracts of inferior qua'ity having the advantage nf
aspring,withasmallporiionot mere fertile land, sufli
cient for their limited cu Dvatioíi, but not suffic lent
to induce apuichascr to take it at ihe Uovernment
price. This class of s tilos has gieatl/n created, if
I am correctly inftrmui,wilhui Uie last u n or fiftten
years, and are íapidly and t.ll increasing, cspcci
ally in the WestdndSoulhwt stern Slates, wheicthe
proportion ot good to inferior limit compatA'nely
small, and must cent! me to incita-e \\ th ntcele-
ratcd rapidity, o louj afilie pioent 1 nd«j«lem
remains as a is
Those who have hid an opportune} of wilnes -
ing the effect oí such occupancy < n i i ■ minds ot
the settlers, will not be \ a lo s to antcipatc Ihe
consequences which must follow uní s arrested
Occupation long and undisluibel, accompanied by
improvement, however lim.ted, cannot Jail to be
associated with the idea of pioput,, n the
soil. It is that, in fact, which constitute1; the
primitive right m land This will be felt m com-
mon by all the occupant similarly situated—
will be sure to ciea'e an esprit ds eoi/is, ac-
companied by nutuil r spect fut each others'
rights, which would not lad i > make it dan-
gerous for any one lo disiuib tie lights ol
another. This fee'mg will n t I e long m
s-howing itself towards íIk emig-ant in lukr, as he
would be ronsidered, coming m vi h ihe view oi
parchase. Vie would find it not a little hazardous
to enter and purchase a spot 11| 1 by a mite occu-
pant, or squatter, it you will, and on t hiui 11 his
possession In a short nine, no one who ugard
his peace and sa'civ, will attempt it, and thtn, ihe
feeling, which b ¿an with the poorer class, wit i ex-
tend rapidly upwards to the more wealthy, until,
finally, none will look to any oihei ale but <ccu
pancy and improvem-nt, and all, the rich and poe r,
will become squatters, with a comnon ímerest to
maintain and defend each olher, wnen the public
lands will be los*, and cea^e to be any longer a
source of revenue, if nolhmg be done to su.p it
For the truth ot ti e ¡ n ture I appeal to the Sena
tors from the new Staler, especially from
the Western and Southwestern We have thus
presented the difficult quesuop, what is to be done
ts remedy n?
It is perfectly natur.il that ihf fir t impression
should be, to ketp out inunden on the pub
lie lands The lands belong to the people of
the Union as common pioperty, and At would
seem contrary to reason and piotic", that any
one should be permitted to entT on and appro-
priate the use of that to himself, without paying
font, which belongs to all; ard we accouhn;-!/ find
not a small portion of the Senate, who ins t on keep
ing out anri expeli-ng ail intruders as the proper
remedy But m this case, like many others, we
must look beyond mere abstract right.    What
seems so p^usib'? woild, when tried, prov  inr
prarticable. We ne'd no otter proof than the
fact that no Administraron has ever undertaken it,
even «hen it would have been vi e^sy task, com
paratively to what it now would be. How is it lo
be dene' By the marshals -md thMr deputie 1 Can
they expel from then horre tete van host of occu-
pants on the public lan's all hardy and b >ld men,
familiar with the use or the most deadly of wea-
pons' Would yem employ the army? It woi M be
found almost as impo'eat as the civil authority If
the whole -mh'ary was employed m this to the ne-
gl ct of all othei seivice, there would be more than
five hundred and fifty square miles for each officer
and soldier, supposii g your establishment to be full.
No; were it possible to employ the military m so
odious a service in this free country, you wou'd
have to douole \ our lorce, at a ct st greater than the
an ual meen ,p from the land, and the nork would
h  ever beginning and nevei endino If yon drive
then aw y and de troy their impr tvements, as oon
as tne force was withdrawn, h y would retain ti
theirp"Sre m«h 1 had si me expert nee, while  ae
cretaiy at Wai, of tie diflicu'ty ef expiring and
keeping of intruders, ana 1 found that the m'j«sgf
which bioughi Mergence of the withdrawal of
the force vjs immediaiily foil >wed by that whi h
brongh' information that the intiuders had re-
turned
Bat the Senator frim Ken'uc'iy [Mr. Clay]
deems a'l this a3 me ely nnasrinaiy, <n' aster's
thsst intruders may rea Id/ be Kept off t e public
lands 1 will • ot a'tempt to r^ply lo hi  reason fir
this c p aifin He an ! h spoliiKPi tru'ids will oen
be in powei, tilth a chef of their own stl-clon,
and m whose iirm-e.s and energy I hey etpress
high o nidi nee It six wetks the t m- will come
round which brings bmi into poser, and we shall
ic what \>il' folk ". Withou' pieiending to ihe
pint of propheev, 1 f el 1 l?7aid nothing m pre-
dict! lg, ihatuhatis dtemed so easy I o tie done
«hen i lit of power will te pronounced impracti-
cable when in The S natoi would have too
much prudene- tn pise ihe advice, but, if not, ihe
Piesident elect will, I conjecture, h-ve too much
discretion to act on it
If, ho vever, 1 it oukl be toi«t-k n, and ihe at-
tempt should be mide to exr/e! the c-mpan's from
the public Uriels, I hazard nothing m predicting
that the Administration «ill go out of po^er with
tei times the majority with «huh it came in, as
great as that was The bitterest enemy could not
give more (at.J ?dvice.
If, ihen, this powerful lide of emigration, wh ch
is flowing in on ¡he public land ,cannot be aires ed,
wh it ought, (ir can be d< ne, io prevent the loss of
the public domain, by tte j<iion of the caires
air ady evplameu' Ttas is the difficult question
In an veri say, we mast do a*, up a c often com-
pelled ti do in otu ptogie ■• through lde—ac-
commodate ourselves to cm umsuncts, to mi igate
evil, we cannot overcome, 'Jnd retard or le sen
ihiewe ^nnot pievenl. Such ,>re die laws to
whith beings of our limited powers and contiol
over events-, must ncc^ssari'y jield.
Without, then, undert?king the impossible task
of arreting the tide of emigration, or expelling die
settlers, I would advre the adop ion of the most
judicious and efficient measures of converting them
in o freehold-rs, wuh he least sacrifice consistent
wuh effecungthat object The first step towards this,
should be to unite ihe interest of this Government
with that of tli  frtat s wnhin which the land he,
so as to combine the power and influence of the
two f r their preservation Without ¡t, nothing
can be dene If ihey should rot bi> tinned, tne
necessary consequence would be, lhat the interest
of the States would be invariably ioicd to he or-
pispd'd that of tne Go\p,rimont, pnd lis WP'$.i>t
thrown on t'-^e side of the settler.  on all questions
between ihem, of uhichwe have dai'y nroof m our
proceedings In the end, then uni ed potvei and
influence tvouM prua I. If 'his mdi pensab'e step
be not hken, m a short time, instead of gradu-
ation and pre emption, we shall have a demand
no' to be resisted, for donations and grants to the
•ettlers A leading inducement with him to dispose
of thf lands to the Slates, was to effect this impoi -
¡ant union of interest.   It is the only way by which
it can be accomplished, and to render it sufficiently
strong to effect the object intended, I am in favor
of a liberal compensation to the States, for the ex
pense and trouble ef their management.
Bat something more is indispensable to prevent
the loss of'he lands, and that i«, to hold ou' ade-
quate inducement to the seders to become free-
holders by purchasing the land. Tms can be ef-
fee'ed with ihe least loss to the Government, and
srentest advantage to the settlers, by a judicious
system of graduation and pre-emption; and it is
witti that v.ew that provi>ions, are made for both in
ths amendment which I intend to offer. It pro-
vides, that th  States may, at their discretion, íe-
duce the price of all lands which have been offered
st sale ten years and upwards, to one dollar per
acre, after the 30th of June, 1842, and all 'hat may
be in market for fifteen years and upwards, to
ceventy-five cents per acre, afiei the 30 h of Jane,
1847, and all that may hive been twenty years
and upwards, to fifty cen's per acre, alter the 30ih
of June, 1352, and all thai hive been twenty-five
3eais and upwards, to twenty five cents, after the
30ih of June, 1857, and all ihat hive betn thirty
years and upwards, to twelve cents, after the 30th
of June, 1S62, and all that thould remain unsold
five years ihereafler, to be surrendered to the States;
with the right, abo, at their discretion, to allosrpre-
emp'ion for ninety days to settlers, at each step in
Ihe reducuon of the price. It also provides, that
all land-! afler having been offered for sale in those
S.a es, shall, at the expiration often j'ears from
tep tim< of bemsr offered, Deceme subject, in like
manner, to graduation and pre emption
The object of these provisions is to hold out ln-
decemen's to ihe st tilers to pur'base, by bringing
the lands, v,nhiu i r asonahlp p-^n'd, to a price
which wtu'd not only jns'i v, but hold out <trong
inducement to ihera to purchase One great difB-
cully m the way of purchasing as the sj stern now
stands, is, that the great body of the lands are not
worth, in reality, the price ot $1 25, t which they
arc sold by the Government. Tnere appears to be
a great mistake on this point, wh'ch i tisi portant
lo correct. Instead of almost every acre, as is sup-
posed by some gentlemen m dsbate, to be wonh
tha' sum, the reverse position is true, that none was
worth it but that vhich was, ai the time, coming m
demand by purchasers. 1 rest the assertion on the
well established principle that demani and supply
regulate price, and the fact that an article which is
m the market ?t a fixed prise, open to the demand
ol all, and is not taken, is the best proof that the
price is above the marktt value at the urne. It r 
in vam to talk (f mtrin-ic va'ue—a ihmg wholly
different from pnce Hiere are raany things of
the highest intrinsic value that have no price, as
air an 1 water, while many of but small value
would, from then great scarcity, command a very
high ene. In ihe language of business, a thing is
worth what it will sell for, and do ene i, willing to
give more, unless compeled by "otjp particular
reason The occupants ot the public lands par-
take of this feehng They are unwilling to give
for the inferior lands, wmch fo^ tne most part they
occupy, $1 25, when a small pan only ot the best
lands offered for sale would command thai, and
fe« 1 that they have something like juitice on then
side in not giving so high a price for their
possessions
This feeling must be met; and it is pro
posed to meet it by the provisions for gradu-
ation and pre-emption which I have just stated; a
policy so liberal towards i large, though poor class,
not less honest and patriotic fan tV>e rest ef the
community, ceuld not fail to have a happy effect,
n t only in reference to hem, but m a more en-
larged point of new. One of the most important
would be the great increase of thennrrbei of small
freeholders, which, m the hour of dangei, would
prove of v«t importance, especially in ihe weakest
portion of the Union—in the Southwestern Stat s—.
where the prevtsun wou d have in- greatest effect.
It would be the class that would furnish the har-
aVstand b"st sol hers, with lh" advaiit?ge of being
inured to the clin ate Comb ned and modified as
they woul 1 be, tney rannot but nave a p werfnl
weight iri mducirg the ¡ccupants to pinchase It
will work a levoluuon m his character.   He will
