ían. 1841.
APPÉÑDÍX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOÉÉ.
St
26th Cong....2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Crittenden,
Senate.
to the Union of the public domain—on which ces-
sion rests the right of the States to a participation
in its proceeds. These lands were ceded, be it re-
membered, in 1784, at a time when the old confe-
deration was the fundamental law of the Union—
when the Treasury was supplied by requisitions on
the States, according to the amount ot territory in
each State; it was ceded with the express purpose
that it should be and remain for the common bene-
fit of all the States. The proceeds were to be di-
vided according to the quota furnished by each !
State to the expenses ol the General Government; :
and how was that quota regulated? According to ;
an estimate of the amount of improvsd- lands in
the several States. But is that the rule of the
States' camribution now? If the proceeds of the
public lands go into the Treasury, does each State
get its share now in this proportion? No; not un-
less the taxes were in exact proportion to the lanas
in each State. This rule has been altered. You
have changed the means of taxation. But jou
cannot change the words of the acts of cession ¡
under which you hold your public lands; and the
only way to fulfil the intent and meaning of that
cession is to go according to the terms in which it
is expressed. The revenue from the public lands is
not like the rest oí the revenue under the Constitu-
tion. Those lands were ceded to us, not under the
Constitution, but under the Confederation; and the
purpose of the cessto  can only be fulfilled by as
near an approximation to the very words of the i
deed as circumstances now render po;sible.
But this proposition is very "dangerous." The •
honorable gentleman from Missouri reminds us ,
that when, some years ago, we were about to distri- !
bute the surplus then in the Treasury by depositing
it with the States, he uttered the prophecy that the j
practice of distribution would not stop there; 'hat if the
Statesonce began to lap ihatblood, it would eventual-
ly become their common food; that the General Go-
vernment would be stripped of its revenue; that
the S.aies would seize upon the money in the Trea-
sury, and would have the General Government to
collect the deficit as it could; m a trord, that the
States, having once got the taste of blood, would
fasten on. the General Government like s-o many-
vampires, and would drain its veins of the last drop
of their vitality. Wei!: the honorable Senator last
up seems to think (and I concur with him) that we
ought to repose the fullest confidence in "the good
faith of the States, and rely without hesitation on
their fulfilling all their contracts. But what does
the argument of the Senator from Missouri imply?
Confidence in the fidelity of the States? What a
magnificent compliment has the honorable gentle-
man paid to vhe States of this Confederacy! In
his opinion, they are so many vampires—they are
to lap the blood of the Government—they are to
feed upon its strength and suck its veins. Why,
what is the General Government? Is it not their
own offspring? And is the parental sentiment so
weakened, so destroyed, so reversed, that the pa-
rent will devour the child? The States, it seems,
are not to be Irusted; thf-y are a set of vampires;
they will lap the heart's blood of the Government,
' and drain its veins. That is the Senator's opinion
oí them. I believe no such thing, bat he does; and
we were told all this, yea, and a great deal more.
The States, if they once get their hands upon this
money, will apply it to unwise purposes; it will
corrupt them—destroy their dignity and sense of in-
dependence ! In our pure hands alone there is no
contamination. The Slates are a pack of idle
spendthrifts, tempted by the sight of money, intoxi-
cated by the touch of their own property,corrupted
by its possession, and led into all sorts of folly and
mischief; therefore, we, as a sort of wise guaidian?,
must keep these our little wards from juvenile in-
discretions—must defend them flora themselves, by
—keeping thsir inheritance!
The States have a right to demand this distribu-
tion; and if they have, their circumstances render
it desirable that they should have what is their due.
They have debts to pay; and under such circum-
stances, think you that they do not, like private in-
dividuals, like to receive what is due them? We
are their debtors; we owe them this money; and
they ought to have it. If it is their just right, then
it is bo argument to say "we need this money; we
cannot spare i'; our Treasury is at a very low ebb,
and if we take out this amount to pay it to them,
■we shall have to lay taxes to make up the defi-
ciency." We have no right to use their property
for our purposes. We possess ampler modes of
raising funds than the States do; and, if paying
your just debts leaves you with a deficit, it is much
easier for you to supply it than for the States to lie
out of their dues. That is my answer to the hono-
rable Senator, and all he says about the monstrosi-
ty ©f my proposition.
It is said to be "idle" to pay over this money to
the States if by taxation we must raise an equal
sum. But that is a fallacy. I have shown that
the rats of distribution is to be regulated by the
principles which prevailed under the old Confede-
raren, and not according to the ratio of taxation
established by the Federal Constitution. The prin-
ciple of distribution applying to the proceeds of
these lands is special and not general; it is re-
gulated by the terms of the original cession,
which was made while the Confederation was yet in
force; but. we have gone very wide from the rule
then laid down. Give this money to the States,
and every man in the State, rich and poor, will
share in the benefit. It is their rigb>, and they ought
to enj'oy i<. I might stop there, without going into
any question of consequences. But if, by dis-
tributing to the Sta'es the proceeds of their own
property, we are driven to taxation to make up the
deficit, have we not ample means? Are there not
luxuries on which a very unall tax will be suffi-
cient for this purpose, without reaching the poor
man at all? Lay your tax on these luxuiies of life,
and you tax the rich only. This you can do if
your Treasury is in straits. I hope, too, that the
abstraction of this money may operate to bring
back the Government to a just and economical ad-
ministration—such an administration as gentlerren
a.l profess to desire. But how has it b?en admi-
nistered daring the expiring dynasty? Has ihe
little sf earn ot mor.ey flowing in from the sale of
the public lands hsd any other effect than to in-
crease the extiavagance of the Government? More
iban thirty millions a year has fcwen expended during
the Van Bureo adminisfration. It wouldseem that
this landed revenue, of which the gentleman from
Missouri talks to us so solemnly, has done little
but feed their extravagance. Theie is nothing,
rely upon it, that so promotes extravagance in ex-
penditure as to feel plenty of money in one's pocket.
I do not want this Government to have any such
feeling. I wish it to have no money flowing insen-
sibly into its possession. I want it to have none
but what it gets by taxation—so that the people
may know and feel where the money comes from.
Give a Government an income independent of tax-
es, and Ihe people do not feel what they are pay-
ing. Sucha mode of filling the Government cof-
fers must be dangerous. I do not desire it to con-
tinue; and I hold, therefore, that j'nsiice and expe-
diency alike require that this great subject if the
public domain shall b; settled as soon as possible.
Give the amplest provision you pleast to the poor
bona fide settler; I do not object to it; I am ready to
do it, and I will do it freely and cheerfully; but
while I do this, I would at the same time do justice
and discharge my duty to the States, by giving
them their just shares in the proceeds of the whole
domain,
I hold this to be greatly preferable to the scheme
of cession proposed by the Senator from South Ca-
rolina I was, I confess, greatly *urpri«ed by many
of the demonstrations of that honorable Senator. He
reduced the value of the one hundred and sixty
millions of acres of the public land-, lying within
nine States of ihis Union, to twenty-six millions of
dollars! He reverses the position that each aere
of that land is worth a dollar and a quarter, and
holds, on the contrary, that not an acre of it is
worth that price.
Mr. CALHOUN explained. He had meant to
be understood that the lands were none of them
woith a dollar and a quarter cash in hand value; and
that none were worth that but such as could now be
purchased in market.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator thinks he
can reduce the total value of the whole domain to
its value as a sum in hand; and he insists that this
sum, put out aU interest, will bring us more thai 
the lands will. Why, what is the value of land
covered with the ocean which no mail can drain?
Or what is the value of land with no human being
to cultivate it or to enjoy the fruit of if? Whatii*
ihe value in hand, of land so situated? Yet the
Senator concludes that, because such J nd is
of no value now, we ought to sell it now ¡for
nothing. That is the substance of his argument.
What is the selling price of land under the sea,
not drained, or land at present inaccessible to set-
tlement? Ño man can get at the ane or wans the
other—and, while things so remain, it has no pre-
sent value at all. But would a prudent man, or
a prudent Government, therefore, part with it fir
nothing? The value of a thing consists in the use
of it—that is the value cf land, and that only.
Its value depends on the demand for it. Till the
demand advances, we mnst content ourselves to
wait. When it comes to be wanted, then it will
have its value.
It is disgraceful to witness the manner in which
matters are now proceeding—!o see the sale of
valuable lands postponed as it has lately been.
The sals is advertised to take place in the midst of
cold inclement weather,and,when this is complained
of, the Secretary then writes a most gracious letter
declaring that, though he is in very great want of
money, yet he will condescend to put off the sale
a little longer. The Treasury wants a little mo-
ney: does not know where to get it, until it is re-
solved to get up a pre-emption law: then Mr.
Secretary, in all haste advertise the lands for
sale, at a time proper or improper, no matter. Just
as a spendthrift hastens to sell off a piece of his
patrimony to-day to pay for the extravagance of
yesterday, and to get what he needs for more ex-
travaganoe to-morrow.
The whole basis of the honorable Senator's ar-
gument is perfectly idle and visionary. To talk of
the present value of ene hundred and sixty millions
of acres of land, when every body knows that not
more thas five millions of it are wanted in a year?
What demand is theie for one hundred and srxty
millions of acres oí land? What is the price such
a tract will bring if put up to sale? Had we* not
bet'er hu.«band it and sell it off, little by little; asi it
is needed? Can we not hold the property and sell
it eff for homes to setiltrs as homes are needed?
Can ,\ve net keep it for posterity,whcn they will want
homes too? This is not a subj"ct to which to apply
the calculations of annuities. The land is not
wanted now, and therefore there is no ground on
which to calculate its value at this moment.
But this notable scheme of cession is to remove
at a stroke all our evils. This to put an end to
our angry debates; this to put far away the danger
of the lands falling into ihe haads of the settlers,
or of the S'aíes. Ño mors jealousies are to be
felt between new and old States; no more Execu-
tive patronage is to be felt in this body or elsewhere;
no more landed bribes are to be offered by ambi-
tious seekers of the Presidency—nothirg of all this
is io be felt any more—all, all is to be at an end-,
and moreover, the cession is to bring you in more
meney lor your lands! Now, I differ entirely from
the learned Senator in all these calculations. I will
show you how it is he makes the land produce us
more mnney; by calculating, in the first place, what
the land would fetch, if pet up at auction when no
one wants tobuy,and then contrasting this with what
we are to get for it from the States to which we are
to cede it. But will this remove one solitary evil
of all those he h;s enumerated? The States.will
be our debtors, and ¡hey are to promise to pay.
Can the gentleman's perspicacity see no possible
matter of controversy in the interpretation, and in
the compliance with this contract? We have here
individual States asking us for graduation and pre-
emption laws, and it produces a vast deal of pro-
longed and angry debate; if we substitute money
for land, will that diminish the debates? Shall we
not have all the angry controversy then we have
no ? And more? Now, the General Government
acts on individual!; it grants pre-emption to A and
B, and it has them in its power; and yet he says
there is the utmost danger of resistance, and of our
losing the lands; but give up the whole and take a
State bond, and then all will be peace and quiet*
