60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1840*
26th CoNO-«"2ira> Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
has no Senators or Representatives in Congress;
these functionaries btiong to the States. In every
question between the States and the Union, the
delegation of every State mast take part with its
own State. Demand what the States please, and
they must have it. First, surplus revenue; then
the public lands; then current revenue; then
taxes ¡aid for their benefit; then loans made
for them, credit stretched for them, and debts
assumed to sustain them. We mast all vote
the wishes of our States, or give place to those
who will do it. There will be none to defend the
Union—none to protect its existence—none (o form
a life guard around her. The President is ihe only
part of the legislative power which is elected by the
Union, and responsible to the whole Union. He
has a negative voice upon our legislation, and is
peculiarly bound to exercise that voica when the
safety of the Union is endangered by the encroach-
ment ef the States. He, and he alone, is the re-
presentative of the Union. Hts veto power ba-
lances two-thirds of ihe two Houses; and as the
representative of the Union, he should use it when
the Union is endangered. We have had one
President to do this—one Piesident to prevent the
passage of a land distribution bill—and to protect
the properly of the Union from the seizure of the
Siates. We have had one to do it; and for doing
it, we hear him daily denounced by those to whom
the late elections have transferred all power. We
have had one President to discharge his duty to the
Union which elected him; he is denounced for it;
and according to all that we can see and hear, we
are net to have another for four years to come
at least. Sir, the danger is reversed. Formerly
the States were in danger from the Federal Go-
vernment; now the Federal Government is in dan-
ger from the States. It is now a moneyed, and not
a political action, which creates the danger. The
encroachment of the Federal Government upon
the Slates was political; that of the Slates upon ihe
Federal Government is pecuniary. The S ates go
for ihe money, and for the properly of the Federal
Government. They help themselves to r; they
take what ihey plaaíe. No vito power is now to
arrest their arm. Twenty-six States fasten them-
selves upon the bosom of the Federal Govem-
m«nt; they hang ihemsel ves upon every vein and
artery which circulates life-blood through her body.
How Jong will it be before they suck her dry, and
leave her dead?
Mr. B. touched again upon the public defences.
He lamented the loss of the twenty-seven millions
which had gone to the Stales, and which had bees
to them what a prize drawn in a lottery is to a
thoughtless youne man—iho mere incentive to ex-
travagances, which lead to debt and misery.
Eyery State is worse off since .she received this
money. The Union has lost it from the defences,
and to the Slates which received it, it has been a
curse. More than that: it has destroyed all
thoagbts of national defence! Banished all id;a
of fortifications, armories, foundries, steam ships,
and tbe whole armor of defence. The cry for dis-
tribution stifles the voice of patriotism; and in do-
ing so, invites the foreign powers to intrude and
trample upon us. The naiion, like ihe man,
which will not use its means for defence, invi es
aggression. Jt invites insult, depredation, ouliage,
war. This is enough for me to fay at. this time.
I will not gire to ihe general rematk an individual
application. I have forborne to speak of the boun-
dary question, so often Agitated Irere, and which 1
consider as nothing but one link in a chain of
questions. Though a Senator for twenty years,
and this question a prominent theme the whole
time, I have forborne to speak upon it. I have sat
silent, and observant, while all sides of the cham-
ber were eager to speak out. Why have I dune
this? Because I had no opinions.? Certainly not;
for I have never been without a decided opinion.
Because I was afraid to avow ii? Not at all. I
have no reason to be afraid of my countrymen,
and still less of foreigners. Why, then, not speak
out? Because the public mind is net ripe for the
reception of my sentiments! because the public ear
is not ready to hear them! It would be nonsense
to speak my sentiments on tbe English questions—
I will not limit myself to the boundary question-
but speak in the plural; it would be idle for me, in
the present state of the public mind, to speak out.
We must await the progress of events. In the
mean time, I shall take the liberty to say tha't Con-
gress is inviting aggression by neglecting defence,
and crippling the Union by surrendering its money
and its property to the States.
We have just had one humiliation, said Mr. B.
and we do not want another. We have seen what
no Government has experienced before. It was
believed that the degradation of Governments bad
reached their lowest point, when a company of
English merchants were seen in Asia dethroning
princes for the balance of an account, and seizing
kingdoms in payment of a note of hand. The ima-
gination of Sheridan and Burke could conceive
nothing beyond that; the magnificent oriental dra-
ma of the trial of Warren Hastings could pre-
sent nothing beyond it. But we have seen something
beyond it. We have seen the election of an Ameri-
can President made a stockjobbing operation on
the London Exchange. We have seen English
bankers and money dealers "lurnine; their attention
to the internal politics of America," and "trying a
change of the American Executive," in order that
stocks might rise, and themselves pocket per cen-
turns on the American seaurilies which they held!
We have seen this; and it seems to me that, to have
tbe "change of the American President'1 converted
inio a stockjobbing operaiion on the London Ex-
change, is to reach a point of humiliation which
no Government has ever seen before.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator has based
his whole reply to my remarks on the assumption
that the States do not possess the right to demand
of the General Government a distribution of the
proceeds of their common estale in ihe public
lands. I went on the assumption that they have
that right. That is not denied, and has not been
disproved. True, tbe money has to pass through
the Treasury, but still it is iheir money. This point
th« Senator has not touched; everything has been
argued but the principal point in the argument, on
which all the rest hangs and turns.
The honorable gentleman, in his concluding re-
marks, made a very extraordinary assertion in-
deed. Alluding to the late Presidential election,
and the influence of foreigners in this country, he
ascribed the change in the Executive Administra-
tion of this Government to the bankers and stock-
jobbers in England and in this country. Can this
be possible? Sure I am that, if such an influence
does exist, it has' not reached the part of the coun-
try where I reside; nor can it have operated where
the honorable Senator himself lives, as the vole of
bis State for Manin Van Buren conclusive proves.
It is not at that end of the Union, then; and I am
sure it is net in the centre: where, then, i i this
dangerous and irresistible influence which has
revolutionized our whole parly history? Where,
I ask, has itbscn at work? Here are collected
rrpresenialives of every portion of the entire
Union; to each Senator I put the question, Was it
your Sta'e whose vota has been controlled by the
trickling, stockjobbing capitalists, of Europe?
Which of the States is it lhat lies under this fonl
st'gma? Or is it b'anded on Ihe forshead of the
whole American people? Is this entire Republic to
be considered as justly charged with ihis dishonor?
Is it true lhat the two or three millions of voters
who constitute that majority whose voles have
brought in a new Administraron, have been influ-
enced, swayed, bought up with foreign money?—
the meanest and basest cf all influences. Where
is the evidence that fixes a blot like this to the
American name? For myself and my constituent*,
for the noble and beloved State I represent in part
on this floor, I put the charge far from me. If
there has been such an influence at work, it has
not been among us. No one man of the twenty-
six thousand majority of votes cast in Kentucky
for General Harrison ha? acted, as I in my soul
believe, from any juch base, unworthy, degrading
influence. Loth I am to believe that any free-born
American citizen has acted so unworthily of his
name and his birthright. And again I ask, where
is the proof of it? Does the Senator believe that
proof to be found in a correspondence between an
agent in the State of Missouri and some financier-
ing gentleman in England?
Mr. BENTOJV. A director of the Bank of Eng-
land.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well; a director of the
Bank of England, with respect 'to ihe sale of a
portion of Missouri stock? Is that what the Sena-
tor relies on? The agent here writes to his cor-
respondent in Eügland as to the influence likely to
be exerted by public events in this country on the
price of American stocks. Is there any thing so
wonderful—any thing so " monstrous," so "out-
rageous" in this? Can any thing be more natural,
more in course, than such a correspondence on
such a subject? Suppose, instead of speaking of
the price of stocks, he had been writing about the
probable price of cotton, might he not have re-
(erred to a probable change in our financial system
as likely to affect that article of trade? Does not every
body know that the very slightest change in public
affairs has an effect on the commercial world, and
immediately affects the state of pricts in the mar-
ket? And why should not this be mentioned in
regard to stocks as well as any thing else for sale
in the market? That is all the proof I have heard
in support of this mighty charga about British
stockjobbing influence in American elections.
Mr. BENTON. Not the tenth, not the hundreth
part of the proof.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No: I will tell the hono-
rable Sena'or what has produced this astounding
political change. The gentleman shall not escape
from the argument—from a fact so notorious. It
would indeed be but a melancholy consolation to.
the gentleman and his friends, to ascribe their de-
feat to the dishonor of their native country. Were
I in their situation, sooner than cast a stigma like
this on the land of my nativity, and on so large, so
vast a majority of my countrymen, I would admit
that my party had mismanaged public affairs, or
that at least the people thought they had; or, some-
how or ether, they had lost the public confidence.
Never, never sinc« the foundation of the Govern-
ment, did so many American freemen cast their
votes with one special and specific understanding
as to the grounds of their united aciion. That is
my opinion. The result of the late election is not
the effect of British gold, but the sense of the Ame-
rican people as to the management of their public
affairs, publicly and palpably expressed. Let not
gentlemen attempt to get out of the position in
which that election has placed them, by stigma-
tizing the people of the United States with corrup-
tion. No, no: this expression of opinion comes from
the old genuine Republican stock who set up the Go-
vernment: it is a spark from the old Revolutionary
flint, and it has blown the gentlemen sky high. Let
them not, now lhat they have reached theground, and
arerubbmgthcir bruised and broken limbs, try to dis-
guise fiom themselves the truth as to what hurt
them. Strange indeed would it be, could the magic
wand ef British gold be applied to produce such a
result. All the natural causes, on that subject,
sf-em to point the other way. We might expect
that Kings and Presidents, who try to be, and to
live, like Kings, feel a natural sympathy with each
other. They do not seek to put down the throne
to raise the cottage. If the real truth could be
come at in the matter, I verily believe that there
was more foreign sympathy wiih the reigning Pre-
sident than wiih his plain, humble, Republican op-
ponent. There is not a State, no, nor a county,
through this wide Union, that was swayed in its
late vote by any influence from the London Ex-
change. Gentlemen are sadly puzzkd to account
for the result. Some say, "Ob, it was all the work
of British gold!" Oihers say, "It was nothing but
the senseless err abaut h g cabins and hard cider."
All sorts of devices are used to disguise a fact so
appalling. Some say it was all the effect of coon-
skins. And one very distinguished, intellectual,
argumentative Senator assured us that, if the prin-
ciples of the Whig party were to be earned our,
they would lead only to thi*, that we should pull
down this magnificent Capitol, the prond hall of
American legislation, and build in its place a log ca-
bin hunground with coon-skins ! But the gentlemen,
do not, or will not, understand what they see. It is
no cry about log cabins or hard cider that has thus
