Jan.  1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jg.
26th Con®...-2nd Ssss.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Preston.
Senate.
moved, as one man, almost the whole American
people. It was something greater, higher, deeper
I I know that the election of William Henry Hatri-
! son is to the politicians a stumbhng block, and to the
t Van Buren men foolishness, but to any unbiassed,
candid, intelligent observer, it must appear to be
the wisdom and the pewer of a great people. I can
tell the gentlemen, that it is not so very politic to
sneer at log cabins They are the emblem, 'he
visible type, of the power of the people. Long will
it continue to be dear to them as a remembrancer
of the fact that they were able, by the peaceml fiat
of their will, to take the man they loved from a log
eabm, tnd set him m the palace of their dominion
It is the practical, visible, tangible symbol of their
power—which may God preserve1 Think you t©
win their favor by treating it with scorn and derision?
You forced it on us by your taunts, >ou laughed at
our candidate as the mma'e of a cabin; and yon have
* seen, and you now feel, the effect of your own wit,
and, if I am not very much mistaken, you will
never need another lesion to teach you the danger
of sneering at log cabins The people are coming,
on the 4th of March, to show you what it is to set
your foot upon them. They are bringing the man
of the log eabm, and they mean to place h>m in
yonder White House You puzz'e your heads
sadly to account for it, but we will work oat the
sum for you
Mr. BENTON rose again immediately after
Mr. Crittenden, and said that he had again
; failed at the point of intelligibility—had again
failed in the only quality which he aspirtd to in
public speaking—h- d again failed in the humble
effort ot trying to be understood. The Senator
from Kentucky mistook him He had not attri-
buted the result of the late Presidential election to
any one cause, much less to the sole interference of
British bankers He spoks of the degradation to
which we were subjected when these money deal-
ers had the audacity to interfere m our Presidential
election in order to raise the price of their stocks
It was the disgrace of the interference of which he
spoke, and not the effect ofbthe mterterence The Se-
nator from Kentucky was mistaken xa supposing
that he had attributed the result in every State to
the interference of the London money dealers He
(Mr B ) knew very well what he had «aid, and
what he had said he was ab'e to prove, and meant
to do it on a proper occasion. He had the evi-
dence on hand, and that not merely in the Huth
letters, and in the London high Tory papers, but
in more formal and considerate production1- I
said that the change of the American Executive
had been made a stockjobbing operation on the
London Exchange—that English money dealers had
interfered m our election, and interfered for the
purpose of raising the price of stocks—for the pur-
pose of enabling them to pocket percentums This
is what I said. I was speaking oí national dis-
grace, and not of election results Doubtless these
io eigners contributed much to that result, but I
have never attributed the whole to them I ascribe
tbe result to many causes, but since the official
returns have come in, I confess the result is, to
' me, incomprehensible These returns show the
Democratic candidate to have been defeated after
receiving an immense, and almost incredible in-
crease of votes. Mr. Van Buren received, in
1840, no less than 370,000 votes more than he re
ceivtd in 1836, he received nearly double as many
 s General Jaekson received at either of his elec-
tions, he would seem to have received an increase
as votes equal to the increase of the who e voting
population; he had received all this, and still he is
defeated' This, sir, is incomprehensible to me
* Perhaps the Federal census may throw some light
on the enigma.
The question now recurring on the amendment
moved by Mr Calhoun—
Mr. CLAY of*Kentucky reminded the Senate
that tbe amendment contained a blank which
should be filled before the vote was taken.
Mr. CALHOUN said he left the blank to be
filled by the Senate as it might think proper. If
the amendment should prevail, the blank might be
filled afterwards.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said there was no need
of SÜing the blank at this moment
Mr. PRESTON said the proportion was on? of
imp rtance, and he required a little time to reflect
before he voted upon it, and he thereupon moved
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion prevailed, and
The Senate adjourned.                              
Wednesday, January 13, 1841 XJ
The Prs-emDtion bill coming up as the unfinished
business, and the question being on Mr Calhoun's
proposition to strike out Mr Crittenden's amend-
ment, and íosert a provision ceding the public
lands, on certain conditions, to the States in which
they lie—
Mr PRESTON expressed his regret that, on h's
account, the Senate should have gone through the
formality of an adjournment, since he had nothing
to say which would at all compensate for this de-
lay He had intendel to offer but a few necessary
remark , and he now therefore rcse under circum-
stances somewhat embarrassing He felt it, how-
ever, to be a duty which he owed to himself, before
he gave 'he vote which he ínteüded to give on this
measure, to state some reason* why he could not
yield it hi* support, more especially as he had for-
merly felt somewhat inclined to favor some such
scheme, for he had been ready to embrace almost
any measure which should divest the Federal Go-
vernment of the trouble, vexation, embarrassment,
conteb's, and particularly of the patronage wh ch
arose from these public lands lying within the seve-
ral State*5 The management of them seemed to
be generally conceded to be very burdensome to
our legislation, and he had been very anxious that
no effort should be omitted to deliver Congress from
its perpetual exactiors, and he still considered it as
one cf our mr-fortunes to be so often called to dis-
cuss and decide upon difficult que^tnns connected
with this intricate subject, and so frequently to ex-
ercise the powers of the General Government withm
the limits of ti e States.
A long course of observation, however, had di-
minished his apprehensions as to the subject of
most difficult), viz the danger of Executive pa-
tronage, arising from the possession and manage-
ment ot this extensive domain. Reason and expe-
rience bad long since taught him that all the powers
which Corgress assumed, whether legitimately or
not, whether constitutional or o heiwise, uliinsatsly
found their residence in the Pres dent of the United
States, whose person was the great and ultimate de-
pository oí the powers of Government, ,nd most
especially of all unauthorized and doubtful powers
claimed by it Haying resisted all irregular ex-
ertion of Executive authority with great anxiety,
and having felt its effects very severely, Mr P
had been extremely desirous to see the prolific
source of patronage diminished or cut off When
he saw, from day to day, so many of the Sena ors,
rep-esenting new States of the Confederacy, voti ig
habitually with tbe Executive, and sustaining all
those measures which he then thought, and the re
suit has proved, to be most disastrous, he inferred
that there was a source of influence in the publ c
lands which produced a course so much to be d«-
precated He perceived that the confol of this
public domain enhanced the powers of Congress,
and that Congress was disposed to surrender its
powers to the Executive.
1 He, however, said that the deep and painful
anxiety he had once experienced on this subject
had been somewhat diminished. He was happy
to find that he had been mistaken as to the extent
of the evil, that, after all, the fres spirit of the in-
habitants of the new Sta'es was competent to res st
this malign influence—of asserting its indepen-
dence, and this gave a pledge, and furnished a hap-
py augury of the continuance of our free institu-
tions Mr P admitted that he had been taught a
lesson of great value The landed States, which
he had once supposed to be bowed and subjugated
by their condition into a spirit of subserviency to
the Executive will, had, m the late Presidential
election, proved that a large majority among ihem
were animated by a spirit superior to local and
temporaty mflueaces. Five out of nine of
these States, embraced m this cession, had langed
themselves against the existing Administration, m
spits of its patronage, and the open and darwg use
of it for its purposes, and out of aixty-three, bad:
cast forty-two votes for General Harrison. Mr. P.
asked pardon, therefore, of these patriotic new
S'ates for the fears which had onee possessed hutf.
He here took back the opinion he had once held
and expressed He congratulated the country ott
so favorable an omen for the future, and was Bow
preparad well to ¡believe that the sturdy indepen-
dence of our brethren in the West would ever be
ready to assert itself when circumstances required.
Mr P said th s m no spirit of acrimony towards
any one, but to explain and vindicate some change
of opinion which had been mainly founded on
these views.
He did not desire to be understood as saying that
he had or could at any time have approved the pro-
ject of cession now presented to the Senate, but he
had once expressed himself in favor of surrender-
ing m some way to the new States the exclusive
control of the publ c land within their limits, hop-
ing thereby to exempt Congress from all further
responsibility and anxiety respecting it, and to re-
lieve those S ates from the influence of a dangerous
patronage. He did not think that, even under the
powerful action of these motives when operating
on bis miad in their fullest force, he could have
voted for the measure proposed by his colleague.
He certainly could not do so at this time.
He was aware that the entire subject of the ad-
ministration of ths public domain was now thrown
open for discussion, but it was not his purpose to
enter at large upon the subject, not only because
there was not now time to do njustice, but because
he had already spoken to the prmcip'e of pre-emp-
tion contained in the bill
And now, wi h regard to the amendment before
u?, let us first lock at the nature of the powers of
Congress m control ing the public landr. By an ex-
preis provision in the Constitution, we are autho-
rized to make such regulation* in regard to them as
Congress shall thinU proper. Tms provision re-
sulted from the cessions by Virginia and Connecti-
cut, and from the subsequeat ordinance of the old
Congress. Uadeubiedly these grants did look to
the power exercised under the Confederation m
es ablishmg the rates of contribution of the differ-
ent States to the expense of the General Govern-
ment I held in my hand these deeds of cession
and the ordinance to which I have just referred I
shall not go fully into the extent of the con'rol
here authorized or the duties of Congress grow-
ing out of it By these deeds it is declared as
follows
"Deed of Cession of  Virginia March. 1,1784
'lhat alt the  iaids within the   territory go ceded to tbe
United states and not received fot or appropriated to any of the
before mentioned purposes     &c   ' shall be considered a com
mon fund for the use and benefit of such of the United States as
tave become oi shall become membetsof the Confederation or
Federal athanceof the said dtatts, Virginia included, according
to their u ua! re«pectivi pioportions in ihe general charge and
expenditure and shall be faithfully and bona fide disposed of
toi that puipose and for no other use or purpose whatsoever "
Deed of Cession of Connecticut, Sept 11 1786
AH the right  title   interest jurisdiction   and claim of tbe
fetateof Connecticut ' &c   'shall be included, released ard
ceded to the United Stites ' ' for the common use and benefit
of said States Connecticut inclusive "
South Carolina deei ej August 9 17S7, "for the benefit of ths
said States ' JSorth Carolina deeded ' as a further mean  a«
well of hastening the extinguishment of the debts, as of esta
(lh«hmg the harmony of the United States," and declared that
tne lands ' shall be considered a common fund " Georgia
deed don the same conditions
Resolution of Congress Oct 10,17S0
Resolved, That the unappropriated lands that may be ceded
or relinquished to the United States, by any particular State,
shall be disposed of foi  the common benefit of the United
fetales "
What, then are the powers and daties of Con-
gress in reference to this fundi The first thing that
strikes one is, the cession of Virginia a fund was
ceded—expressly and emphatically a fund—to be
used in the general charge and expenditure, for the
use and benefit of all the States, and then, by way
of grea'er caution and more explicit declaration,
adds, "and shall be faithfully and bonafide disposed
of for that purpose, and for no other use or pur-
pose whatsoever." it is manifest that Virginia had
in view a money tratación—the creation of a
fund to be in the hands of Congress, to be disposed
of for money purposes. While she ceded the juris-
diction of the lands, her object was to enable Con-
gn? ¡, to discharge moneyed dues, and effect fiscal
operations, I contend that this was a trust fund^
to be used for the benefit of the United States, on
i
