Jan, Í841._________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-                       ___________Jtf
26th Cong.......1st Sess.                                        Pre-emption Law—Mr. Sevier.                                                                     -Senate.
enemie*of (he country, but against our own Mesh
and blood; and acquiring distinction, not on the
battle field, but by burning down the dwellings,
cutting down the crops, and driving into the woods
to starve, or perish by exposure, unarmed, inoffen-
sive and harmless citizens of the United States,
with their helpless families! We shall then hear
no more of these enormities, nor of the thousand
other vexations which the frontier settler has had to
bear, without remedy or redress—without daring to
complain, lest he should be denounced as unman-
nerly, impudent, impertinent, a bandit or robber
We shall then have the power, and shall find, when
that blessed day shall arrive, in politics as in war,
that a bomb shell or cannon ball flung into the
camp of the weaker party, will have the usual
happy effect "of hastening negotiations, and
of settling rapidly, and to every body's most
perfect satisfaction, knotty points of dispute
between us of kng standing. You, sir, have
read the history of the last days of Napoleon.
Had he been satisfied, in bis first reverses, with the
empire and with France, an heir of his, in all pro-
bability, this day would be seared on the shrone of
the French. He wanted more; he wanted pro-
vinces; and vassals and income, and in striving to
retain them, lost all. Profit, sir, by the lessons of
history; for men and things are the same in every
age and circle of the globe. Will you, sir, profit
by these reflections'? Will Senators from the old
States profit by these reflections, and come to a fair
adjustment of this great interest, in a spirit of
brotherly love and generous magnanimity, of which
we hear so mu:h and see so liitle? If so, I, for
one, will promise them a pardon for the past, and
love and confidence for the future. But, sir, I feel
no such consolation. I fsel that the sordid con-
siderations of money, money whic'i they col-
lect from others than their own constituents,
will be found too powerful with them for any pa-
triotic sacrifices which would give quiet, peace and
harmony to every member of the Confederacy.
They now have the power to prevent our emanci-
pation, and shey now calculate that their strength
will increase; m an equal ratio with ours. Toey
calculate as the West, the Northwest, and South
give new Slates to the Union, that new States will
becoffle old in interest, and join ihem as allies in
plundering the balance. Already they consider
Ohio and Indiana as belonging to them. And
hence we fiad, will the exceptions of my friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoon,] of my friends
from New Hampshire, and a few other generous,
lofty spirited Democrats from ths old State?, who
hive stood by us heretofore, and who stand by us
now, the old, inveterate and uncompromising op-
position to every land measure desired by the new
S.at?s. And what are ihesa m-asures, and why
are they opposed? Tnere are three of them now
before us. The first, V\e pre-emption bill; ihe se-
cond, the distribution bill; and the third, the ces-
sion bill.
The pre-emption bill proposes to authorizj any
citizen of the United Slates to give one dollar and
twenty Ave cents an acre, for one hundred and six-
ty acres of land, provided he will improve and cul-
tivate it. The friends of this bill support it with a
view ofpratec'ing the labor of the poor man against
wealthy land speculators. They allege, and prove
it by official documents, that land, sold at auction,
and without a pre-emption right, jields to the Go-
vernment but two or three cents an acre more than
the pre-emptioner pays; and as the loss to the Go-
vernment is so trifling, and as protection to the set-
tler is so important to him, as wtll as; !o the State
in which he resides, tVy urge the passage of this
bill. During the last forty years, we are told,
and truly, that several pre-emption laws have
passed, but all of them retrospective, and appli-
cable «nía to settlers on ihe public land, at the
time, or prior to the passage of those acts.
And such bills of late years have been
opposed, on the ground, among other reasons,
of their unconstitutionality; because it was said to
be a law lacking uniformity; because it granted
privileges only to certain citizens of particular
States, and not to all ths citizens of all the States.
To obviate this objection, and at the same time to
save the trouble of constant applications for the
5
passage of such laws; and to save the time and ex-
pense of Congress in passing such laws; and last-
ly to obviate the constitutional scruplts of very
conscientious gentlemen, the friends of the mea-
sure have proposed this bill, which is of a prospec-
tive character, extending to the citizens of all the
States the same rights and privileges that former
pre emption laws conferred to certain citizens of
particular States. With the single exception of its
prospective feature, it is precisely the same bill
which has been passed frequently, at different times,
for the last thirty or forty years.
This is the pre-smption bill, sir. I have given
you, iu a few words, its* length, and depth, and
breadih, and a few of the reasons which influence
ils friends to support it. Its pa-sage is opposed by
gentlemen for sundry reasons, some of which
are avowed, and some of them concealed; and by
all of its opponents it is opposed for the same rea-
sons, whether avowed or concealed.
One of the main reasons, though not avowed,
for opposing the pre-emption bill, is to prevent the
emigration to, and the settlement and improvement
of the new Stales. The wealthy of the old States
desire to retain their poor citizens among ¡hem for
what they call operatives, (that, I think, is their po-
lite term for the class I allude to,) for ihe purposs of
working on their farms and in their shops and fac-
tories; and by so doing to keep down the price of
labour by increasing the demand for employment.
They oppose it because they imngine that such a
bill is calculated to keep down the price of land in
the new States, and m that reduction they ima-
gine emigration will be successfully encourgaged;
that the poor will then become elevated in condi-
tion; that laborers will become scarce among them;
that the price of labor will increase, and that by
such a process the value of their real estate will
be affected and diminished. This wealthy class
have now, as they ever have had, their representa-
t'ves in this chamber.
The politicians of the old Stales (always except-
ing my Democratic friends I have before alluded
lo,) oppose this bill becaase they are jealous of ihe
rap-d g"owth of the new States, and frar a loss of
political pjwer and consequence; and therefore,
considering this bill, as they dn, as a temptation to
emigration, and as leading to a loss of political
power, they oppose it. To keep these people on
their musler toll, that they may be counted in the
cen«us, they would sooner s:e them in poverty,
raes, and misery in their country, than rich, happy,
and prosperous in our". Their reasons for oppos-
ing tris bill are well understood in the new States,
and thank God, proper y appreciated. This is not
all. The ol 1 States want the land in the new to
bring the highest possible price, that they may have
annually more money packed over the mountains,
to be spent among them on their wharves, lit>ht
houses, buoys, and breakwaters, and the Lord
knows what; not satisfied in placing on our shcul-
dars a protective tariff on the necessaries of life for
their benefit, we must also ba saddled with a high
land tariff, a sort of English corn law, that they
may ihrive and fatten at our expense; and, most
generous souls! when they were kind enough to
modify the tariff in 1832, to save the Union, a re-
duction, at tfeat time, of the land revenue, never
entered into their imaginations, no, never. These,
Mr. President, are some of the concealed reasons for
opposing the pre-emption bill. I will now consider
a few of those which have been avowed.
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Man-
güm] objects to the passage of this bill, because, he
says, pre-emptioners are an unworthy class, a law-
lets banditti! His idea of the settlers upon the
public lands in the new Slates, is that they are a
tort of North Carolina blue beards, who are ragged,
dirty, brawling, browbeating mongers, six feet
high, whose vocation is robbing, drinking, fighting,
and tcrmfying every peaceable mau in the commu-
nity.
Mr. MANGUM here rose to explain, and said
he referred to aüens.
Mr. SEVIER said be had not so understood
the Senator, but no matter, they are all God's
creatures, and a portion of ihem are his constitu-
ents. This is the idea he has of them; but now, sir,
J no description on earth is fui ther from the truth than
the one he has given of them. On the contrary, sir, the
settlers upon the public lands, constitute the best
part of the population of all the new States; sad
that is saying a good deal for them. It "is-sayiog
that they constitute the best portion of the populaiion
of the United States; and that is saying a good deal
for them. Sir, I never was in Europe, and never
intend to be, and therefore am unable to contrast
the settlers upon the public lands, with the -better
part of the population of the old world: But, sir,
I have been in North Carolina, I was born and
lived in sight of Buncomb; from the door of the
house of my nativity, though in a different State,
I could look out and see the high blue mountains
of that celebrated country. I knew, in the early
years of my life, many of its inhabitants. I have
since been in Wilmington, the seapor. city of that
State, and have travelled through the turpentine
region, which I understand is the best part of the
State; I have met with her citizens at home and
abroad, and must willingly bear testimony to their
worth and viitues. And yet, sir, I assure the Se-
nator that I should not blush, or dread a comparí 
son of my constituents upon the public lands, with
the best his State offers, by any standard of virtue,
intelligence or worth, which he or others could
suggest. I have heard a great deal said about the
settlers upon the public lands. This is not all. I
have seen written descriptions of the emigrants to
the new States, and only the other day 1 met with
a description of them, which will, I dare say, whether
he considers it poetry or prose, afford him some
amusement, if not instruction. The extract is taken
from Hall's Magazine.   He says:
"First in order,a3 fie is always first when speculation is con-
cerned, comes the hardy, enterprising New Englander. Of alt
the emigrants to the Wear, Brother Jonathan alone knows
where he is going to—the cheapest mode of travel, and what he
is going to do when he gets there; he alone has read the pre-
emption laws, and knows what sum. he must take with him, or
notions' in the way of trade, to secure a home in the wilderness.
Already, before he gets there, lie converses fluently about ranges,
townships, and sections, has ascertained the number of acres-m
each subdivision, the amount reserved forschools, and is ready
on his arrival to avail himself of hisnewpositijn."
"Behind the rest, some distance in the rear, comes the lone-
some looking couple from old North Carolina. They had evi-
dently, from" their appearace, ventured their all? such as it was,
upon the enterprise. Anuklone horse tumbril, with two high
creaking wheels, andan old stoie box- for a body—drawn hya
lean pony of the preceding generation, constituted their mode
of conveyance. Abed, a spinning wheel, a pair of cards, abag
of dye stuff, and a few hanks of copperas colored'eotton, vfith
six si«kly looking children, made up their stock in trade.: .As
they moved slowly along, the man walking beiore, ancf the wife
behind, the tumbril, their lean pony occasionally stopping to
crop the tall grass which stood by the way, it was evident to
alt who saw them, that they had tongsmce arrived at that term
of life which the magistrate alluded to, who marned.them, when
he said "betttrfor worse."
Well, now, sir, if the Senator is ashamed of his
o'd neighbors and friends, who probably have
stood by him in many a hard fought political battle,
I assure the Senator thtt I am not. They are a
good sort of people, and I wish we had more of
them among us. I had expected the Senator
would back these friends of his, and do something
for them, give ihem at least a pre-emption, if not
a donation of land, to support the wife and the
poor little sickly creatures, as well as the lean but
faithful pony. But it seems that I have mistaken
the man, and I am sorry for it.
The Senator objects to this bill for another rea-
son. He says that this bill allows more than one
pre-emption. Well, suppose it did. Suppose it
allowed,) the settler to pay for every place he
found vacant and unimproved, on which he should
build a habitation and cultivate; is there any very
great outrage in thai? If a poor man settles upon,
improves, and pays for one tract of land, and he
should afterwards sell it, what harm is there in
letting him settle and improve and pay for an-
other quarter section of land? I can well imagine,
it m gilt be to his advantage to pursue such a
course—I car. well imagine, there might be cases
where it might require, as in the case of the emi-
grant from North Carolina, I have already re-
ferred to, some two or three removals, before he
would find himself in a condition to stick comforta-
bly. Such an indulgence is calculated to en-
courage industry and enterprise, and to improve
both the state and condition of the settler; and,
at the same time, to get rid, for a valuable consi-
deration, of that most odious of all Monopolies, a
monopoly of the public land, by (he great non tax-
