70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841
S6th Cong—2nd Sess.
citizens at the will of a single State, the Union itself might be
endangered by an influx of foreigners hostile to its institutions,
ignorant of its powers, and incapable of a due estimate of its
privileges
"It follows from the very nature of the pow r that, to be
useful, it must be exclusive, for a concurrent power in the
States would bring back all the evils and embarrassments which
the uniform rule of the Constitution was designed to remedy
And, accordingly, though there was a momentary hesitation,
when the Constitution first went into operation, whether the
power might not still be exercised by the States, subject only to
the controlo! Congress, so fai as the legislation of the latter ex
tended, as the supreme law, yet the power is now firmly esta
bushed to be exclusive The Federalists, indeed, introduced
this very case as entirely clear, to illustrate the doctrine of an
exclusive power by implication, arising Irom the repugnancy
of asimilar power in the States 'This power must necessarily
be exclusive,' says the author, 'because if each State had
power to prescribe a distinct rule, there could be no uniform
rule'"
The doctrines here laid down by the learned
commentator are fully sustained by the conclu-
sive authorities to w h\ch he refers, and sustainfthe
two positions for which I contend
First. That the power over the subject of natu-
ralization is vested m Congress, and is denied to
the States, and is consequently exclusive. And,
secondly, ihat no Slate can create an alien a citi-
zen of such State, as, by that means, such person
would in effect become a citi^n of every other
State.
I have thought proper, Mr. President, to place
this matter distinctly bsfore the country that it may
be understood, especially as it has been raised m
this debate, and d fferent views have been presented
by distinguishedS natois
It will be my purpose, lor a few moments, to
call back the attention of the Senate to the pra-emp-
tion bill at the point where we left it The objec-
tions to a pre-emption bill, so far as I can under-
stand ihenjj, are, first, that such a bill encourages
per^ons, to leave the old States and settle in ihe
new. To this I would say, that surely Senators
would not deprive their brethren of the privilege of
bettering their condition in life J they think proper
to do so We are all in pursuit of happiness, and
if any portion ot the citizens of the old JStates are
willing to leave the homes of their fathers and mi-
grate to the West in seaich of a better home, hard
would be that heurt th<.t would prevent them, and
harder siill would Le the heart of tho e who would
not receive them with open arms Ours is a com-
mon country, and let us never forget that neither
our affections for each other nor our love of coun-
try should be separated by geographical bounda-
ries or Sta'e lin<-8.
Secondly. It is objected that the principle grants
exclusive privileges to a class of men who |rush in
advance of civilization and seize up'n the public
property, and it has even been suggested that they
might be restrained by ihe action of the Govern-
ment. To thi-,I would kay, that legislauon should
always adapt itself to ihe condition ol affairs. We
must look at things as they are, and not as they
might be supposed lo be, or we legislate for a sup-
posed and not a real stale of things That spirit of
enterprise and discovery which is character sue of
the Anglo Saxon race—that spirit that animated the
Pilgrims, and the first settlers at Jamestown—that
spirit that prompted a Boon, a Clark, and a Ken-
ton, to penetrate the Western wilds and encounter
and overcome the perils that surrounded ih°m—that
spirit which fired the early settlers of the West, in-
duced them lo leave the peaceful homes of their
father , and brave the savage rifle and tomahawk,
to settle a new country—1 say that same spirit is
impelling our people onward, the tide that com-
menced rising and flowing west from the shores of
the Atlantic is st 11 lolling on, and can only be ar-
rested by the waves oí the Pacific Our people are
already settling bejond the Rocky Mountains, and
in a few years more iheie will be a nation of our
citizens m that region. You need not talk of ar-
resting this spirit; it forms a nob'e trait in our cha-
racter, and it should be provided for. The privi-
leges granted are those of selecting, occupying,
cultivating, and paying for at the minimum
pnce, a quarter section of Government land,
securing to the settler the fruits of his own in-
dustry in exclusion of all others. It is said that
these lands, if sold ai public auction, would
ferirg a higher price than ihe minimum. This
may be so in many cases, but here again we
must look at the matter m its tm« light.   I consi-
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Smith.
der the pre-emption laws merely declaratory of the
custom or common law of the settlers. If you make
your public sales, and put up lands thus improved,
the settler will become the purchaser at Ihe mini-
mum price. No ene will bid against him; no
honest man would take from a poor man the
improvements he had made on a piece of land, and
no dishonest man would dare to do it Previous
to a sale all the settlers m the district have a per-
fect understanding that each is to have the piece
of land ha lives upon, and they will neither bid
against each other, nor will any other person risk
the consequences of taking from any one his im-
provements by purchasing his lot of land. Sir,
who could do it? Who -would dare to do it? Whose
conscience would suffer him to do it? And here
let m« answer a position assumed by the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Mangum,] he spoke of
the bowie knife and the rifle settling the question
of pre-emption between the settlers themselves. I
know the Senator would not make the statement,
unless he believed that the consequences he fears
would grow out of such conflicts; but let me assure
him hs is wholly mistaken. Onepre-emptor has just
as much regard for the pre-emption right of another
as he has for the personal property of his neghbor,
or as the citizsn land holder of the old States has
for the real estate of others to which he has no claim
or title, or, in other words, the occupancy and culti-
vation of land by a settler secures to him the
right to purchase that land, in exclusion of every
other seltler, as effectually, by the custom of the
settlers, as if pre-emption laws guarded his claim
I may here be asked why pass a pre emption law
then? My aaswer is the same that would be given
to the pa«age ot a declaratory statute; to leave no
doubt on the subject in the mind of any, and to pro-
vide for a possible case that might occur. When
I am on this point, I must say one word as to the
general character of these pioneers. I may be
pardoned for supposing that I have had some op-
portunities of judging that some Senators who have
spoken have not. More than twenty years of my
life have bee  spent on the frontier. I have seen
my State in h*r infancy, wilh the fairest and largest
portion of her territory in the possession of the In-
dians. I have seen her piss through the different
gradations of improvement, until she has arrived
at feer present high grade in the comparison with her
sisters. I have seen the first ruds hut, the first
log cabin, erected by the first occupant of the
wilds of what is now the most beautiful and highly
improved portions of my State. I have seen, heard,
and conversed with, the early settler, and let m?
assure Senators he is the last man that would wil-
lingly do injuítice to his country, and the very first,
in times of peril, lo bare his manly bosom and
nerve his strong arm in her defence, and although
h« may be as rough and as rude as his own log tene-
ment, his heart beats with patriotic emotions for
his country; he is a warm friend, a kind neighbor,
ever hospitable to strangers, and, still better, an
honest man, his poverty and his enterprise, with
the hope of bettering his condition, and providing
for his family, stimulate him to leave his o'd
friend', the homes and the graves of those who are
dear to him, plunge into the wilderness, and un-
dergo the perils and deprivations incident to the set-
tlement of a new country. Do you ask me where
is the evidence cf his industry and usefulness? I
answer you by pointing to ihe West. Go there and
see for) ourselves—let Ihe great West answer for
the emigrant.
I have, Mr. President, a single remark to make
upon a question arising out of a principle of the
particular bill before the Senate. The principle
of granting prospective pre emptions has been
strenuously opposed, as being a departure from
previous laws on the subject, as holding out a
bounty in advance, for settlement. As to the first
of these positions, I must say that a prospective
pre emption is much more justifiable than a re-
trospective one. The case stated, in my opinion,
settles the question. In the case of a retrospective
pre-emption, you justify a trespass actually com-
mitted on the public lands, and grant to 'he tres-
passer the benefits of the pre-emption law, for you
have a law in full force declaring it to be a trespass
to enter upon these lands, destroy the timber, take
Senate.
stonp, or commit other acts inconsistent with the
rights of the Government. In the other caie, you
justify no trespass, but by law grant the privilege to
the actual settler. The second position assumed J
answer by saying that such has been the practice
of the Government for a series of years; that the
stimulus created by a prospec'ive pre-emption law
would not be perceptible. The settler relies wijh
full confidence on the security of his right of pre-
emption, either by a retro-pective law, such as we
have been in the habit of passing for his benefit,
or the custom or common law of settlers, of which
I have spoken. I dismiss this part of the subject
with the single additional remark, that, as pre-emp-
tion laws have been passed, as they have not been
productive of any visible public injury, and as that
portion of our iellow-citizens for whose benefit
they are passed confide m their continuance, I see
no impropriety in the measure if sufficiently
guarded.
Having noticed the graduation and pre-emption
principles, I must proceed to the examination of
the bill of the Senator from Scu h Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun,] called the cession bill. It is not my
purpose to discuss the uhole details of the bill, but
to merely state í ome of the prominent objections to
it, at least those objections that have satisfied my
mind that it ought not to become a law. I have
already stated that I fully concurred with that Se-
nator in the importance and magnitude of the sub-
ject, and the propriety of ns arrangement, so as to
rid Congress of the subject, if possible. In these
pom's Ihe Senator and myself agree, but in the r<-
medy he proposes, we totally disagree. I have al-
ready showed that his bill only covers the lands in
ihe nine States, amounting, m the aggregate, to
only 160,000,000 acres out of ten hundred millions,
the whole quantity, hence tbe apparent inadequacy
of the proposed measure to remove the d.fficulties
of the present system But I desire to pursue this
matter fur'her, and show the gro«s inequality of
Ihe measure as applied to ihe nine new States. The
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston] touch-
ed this point in his remarks the other day, in his
usual able manner, and has relieved me from the
necessity of going so much at large into it as I
would otherwise have done. I hold in my hand a
table piepared for the Committee on Public Lands,
and appended by that committee to the report on
the bill I am now discussing, without, it seems,
even noticing the glaring inequality presented by it.
Sir, I present thet table to the Senate- it is an im-
portant ¿ecu men, essential to a correct understand-
ing uf the position I am examining *
By an examination ot this table, the great diver-
sity in the condition of the nine new States will ap
pear in a glaring light. I will take the two States
will appear in a glaring light. I will take the two
States of Indiana and Arkansas to illustrate the
idea. The aggregate of the whole of the public
lands that Indiana contained, as estimated by the
table, was 20,629,359 acre?, of this quantity there
have been sold 15,158 702 acres, granted to the
State and individual', for all purposes, 1,074,163
acres, unsold, including lands unsurveyed, 4,396 494
acres, the purchase money received by the General
Government into the National Treasury from the
sale of the 15 158 702 acres is f 19 326,301 The
quantity of land in Arkansas i% 31 46-i 910 acres.
Of these there have been sold 2,464,710 acres,
granted to the State and individuals for all purposes
976 896 acre , and there remain unsold 28,027,304
acres. The United States have received for the sale
of these 2,464,710 acres the sum of $3,110,897.
Indiana contains a population of near 700 000 sonls,
and Arkansas a population of about 100 000 sonls.
Thus stand the two States Now let us see the ap-
plication of the principles of the bill of Ihe Sena-
tor from South Carolina to these two States. Here
stands Indiana with her 700,000 souls, having paid
into the National Treasury the sum of #19 326,301
f r the lands already so'd, receiving under the bill
her thirty-five per rent of the proceeds of ihe re-
maining 4 396 494, while Arkansas, with her
100,000 souls having paid into the National Trea-
sury only $3,110,897, would receive her thirty-five
per cent of her 28,027 304 acres, subject to like
charges. So that Arkansas, containing the smaller
population, and having paid the least money into
