Jan. 1841._____________        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________________75
26th Coks....2nd Sess.                                       Pre-emption Law—Mr. White.                                                                           Senate.
him his ancient charted Is the sams wise and
liberal policy s et to continue, of covering this con-
tinent with Republican States, or is the sordid
gripe of avarice to arrest ¡his march of civil liberty
towards its utmost destination? Is tbu paternal
Government willing to adopt the motto "Quacrcn
d% pecunia primum est—vntus post nummos,'" to post-
pone the highest political interests of its people to a
consideration of revenue'
It is remakable that m almost every deed of ces-
sion from the Slates, and in both the treaties with
France and Spain for the purcha«e of Louisiana
and Florida, guarantees are contained, securing to
the people of the acquired territory a Republican
form of government, and free and equal admission
into the Union. If, then, even in our foreign ne-
gotiations this appears to be a fundamental object,
let us not thwart, by our domestic policy, ihe ear-
liest attainment of so g-eat an end. Let revenues
be a mere incidental consideration, or m the ex-
pressive and simple language of a member of the
fi'st Congress,' let u  make the best of liberty, our
people, and our land."
Senators object to the pre-emption policy mainly
upon these grounds:
1.  That it injures our exchequer by diminishing
the price received for the li&ds.
2.  That, by conferring privileges and bounties
upon the reople of the new Slates, it is partial in
its opsration, and unjust to the people of the old
States.
3.  That it produces an unnatural and forc-d
dram upon the population of the old Slates and
i. That it engenders a spirit of insubordination
to the laws, and will lead to mischievous riots and
excesses by tolerating a scramble for the public
properly.
To the first objection I reply tha', before the for-
mer pre-emption laws had operated to any extent,
the gross average at which the lands have been
sold since the present minimum pr ce was estaTjl sh
ed, is about one dollar and thirty cents per acre
The incon iderable loss of five cents per acre dees
not weigh a feather in the scale against the equity
of pre-emption To appease even the ill founded
complaints of a single State haying public
lands withm its borders, you ought not to hesitats
to make so small a spenfice. You hive assessed
the value of the lands at $1 25 per acre Why
should you expose them to sale at auction? Many
of those lands are not worth the minimum price,
and jet you refuse, and for good reasons, to gradu-
ate them downward*. Why should jou graduate
them upwards' In any department of business
there are evils in the auction system, and it ought
to be avoided when it is possible to do so It is the
paren' frequently of ruinous speculation, arising
from an undue competition wh ch such an occasion
generally arou«es Upon the commerce of our
citizens we lay an equal duty, and do not sell the
protection of our navy to the highest bidder. The
taeilities of the public mail, and the privileges of
the Patent Office, are a8Vded at fixed rates. No
partot our revenne except from land is raised in
ihe shambles Government offers none of its fa-
vors, none of its privileges to the cupidity of wealth
save the doiaicil of the poor man, of which, by
conquest or purchase, it has become the lord para-
mount.
The second objection assumes what I cannot
grant, "that the right of pre-emption is a bounty or
a privilege " The pre emptor pays a fair equiva-
lent for his right, of more va'ue in the end to the
Government than the higher price which the capi-
talist might bid at auction. Foregoing now the argu-
ment of increased resources and augmented na
tional wealth, produced fey conveying the lands to
the actual occupant and culm a or, I urge the con-
side ation of enhanced va'ue given to the adjacent
lands by improvements in their migborhood How-
much the sale of this class of lands has been
hastened by such cause*, it is impossible to estima e,
but I venture the assertion that you- Treasury, en-
riched as it ha* been from every source, including
the twenty-five m llions of Tieasury notes, which
have been issued, could not stand the shock of
yielding up its gam , derived in this very way. Is
it more in the nature of bounty to give these lands
for a fixed price to the first occupant, to the most
industrious citizen, than to the wealthiest, who may
perchance bid more they are worth? But in what
re^p'ct is this system unjust to the people of the
old States? Certainly the lands are not a fund
for individual aggrandizement and profit What-
ever relation the Government, as the trustee of the
lands, bears to i he States, upon the great principles of
equity, which I shall by and by discuss, it can be
under no obligation to parcel the domain out, per
capita, among the individual masses of the people
The people of the o d States remaining such, can-
not complain that a purchase is denied to them for
purposes of investment and speculation, (I do not
like the word,) which is allowed to him who is
willing to join the new CDrnmvmty m the wilder-
ness, to lay his hearth s one, and to build bis altar
there. If the Government does not hold the<e
lands in trust for individual advantage, then it has
a light to fix what principles it pleases for their
sale and disposition, and surely no complaint can
justly be made when those principles are friendly
to the earliest dev?lopment of the social and politi-
cal SjS'em, and to the increase of population with-
in the limits of the new Territory. Of this I defy
refutation
I am willing to accord a character of plausibi-
lity to the third objection to pre eruptions above
enumerated Perhaps the tendency of American en-
terprise i> too much to a diffusive population. To
every section of the Union the Government owes
an equal patronage, and no patriotic citizen of the
West would desire to see his own section built up
at the expensi of the sister Sia'es. Especially would
no Western statesman commend him-elf to his
constituents by the enactment of partial laws The
chain of dependence is such between the mo<t dis-
tant portions oí our Con'ederacv, that one cannot
be injuriously affected without sensible loss to tne
other It is imponible, however, to restrain the
emigrating spirit of our countrymen, and no better
rule can be adopted than to leave each one free to
follow those impulses which point to his own pro--
penty and bappmes . Whil" the rewards of agri-
culture in the rich and fertile plains west of the
mountains are more templing to the cu zen than
the appropriate pursuits to which those are de -
tmed who íemain in the Atlantic Statss, it v ould
be wrong to check that virtuous ambi ltn which is
emulous to reach them Let it be remembered
that agriculture is almost the universal pursuit of
the Western emigrant, and the more this propon on
of our population increases, the race our real in-
dependence is secured, and ihe faster our national
wealth is augmented. I am not about to adopt the
exclusive and exploded doctrine of the Economic,
which denied the productive quality to the opera-
tions of commerce and to the labors of the artisan
But I do contend that the agricultural employ-
ment is best adapted to the genius of our
people and to the condition of our coun-
try, and that it ought, and ever will, I trust,
maintain a pioud preponderance Need I re-
mind you, sir, that this class, in every emergency,
will be the prop and s'ay of our Republic, that here
the virtues «hich shad save our institutions will '
find their true abiding place, and that ^edition and
misrule never en er the peacetul dom ci! of the hus-
bandman? But there is a view of this subject
which lakes off the edge of the objection we are
d scussing It i , that although emigration may be
too rapid from the old States to the new, the n iture
of our pun-ui's is such that there is a constant cir-
culation of our population Though in the process
of this mighty provincial accretion, which has so
astonished us withits growtb.the blood may be forced
through 'he arteries m unusual currents to ihe extre-
mities, yet thf 'eif-restonng effort of nature shall
return it through a thousand veins to the seat of
life The traveller from Ihe old States, after many
days, vull return wi'h the spoils of industry, and
pour th« grateful offering into the maternal lap
A single word or two, sir, shall saffice in reply to'
tha fourth objection. It is in effect a "beggirg of
the question," for if you invite the occupant to take
possession of your lands, he ceases to be a tres-
passer Your act of 1807 forbade trespasses upon
the public lands; and yet how little has the moral
sense of the community been shocked by the fre-
quent and constantly recurring violations of that
act which we have witnessed.   The universal sen-^
tiraent of the nation has pronouncd it a dead leí- !
t r.    Can he who seeks a home.and a domicil for i
his wife and his children offend against any rule of /
society?   In vain do you set up the artificial aatho-i
nty of any law against so holy a purpose.   Re-1
strict your pre emption law to the actual settler; cut
up speculation by the roots, and your statute book
will suffer no reproach, nor opprobrium rest upon
your authority, from any of the acts which you
fear
That there will be no strife or violent contention
among the sevsral beneficiaries of the pre-emp-
tion law, the experience of the past sufficiently
proves    The north* est corner of Indiana (within \
my own observation) has been seit'ed by pre-emp- 1
tors    A more orderly, industrious, or better regit- J
lated community, is not to be found                        '
Thi argument in favor of pre-emptions is so
pregnant, that it seems almost superfluous to ad-
duce the authority of other Governments which
have uniformly ex ended the kindest protection
toward their infant settlements. From the time
when the wandering Scythian roamed from one
hunting ground or pasturage to another, as his
bnef annual tenure would expire—from the period
of the folklctnd and booklandoi the ancient Saxon,
there has been no mercenary legislation upon lands.
The far famed agrarian laws of Rome were de-
signed to aid and proteet the colonist. The Slates
of our own Confederacy have either surrendered
ihcr lands to settlers, or sold them at a nominal
price. We are all conversant with that force of
public opinion whuh constrained Massachusetts to
pass laws requiring the successful plaintiff in eject-
ment to pay the occupying claimant for what they
termed his "betterments," answering to the "mefi-
oramenta" of the civil law, or the "improvements"
of tha Wes'era squa ter. A rigorous policy
against the settler would be alike in violation of
contemporary sentiment, and of all the lights of
experience.
But Sena'ors say that the new States, not con-
tent with bearing the palm of successful rivalry
from their older sisters, have really outstripped
themselves, and have asserted the n¿ht of majori-
ty before they have attained the age of twenty-one.
Grant thit this is true sir, we have at least the proud
satisfaction of knowing that our greatness has not
"been ihrust upon us " It is a tropby of our own
achitvirg. We glory m the fact that, in our in-
fancy, in our wilderness S<.ate, we have earned
the honors of manhood. We boast not strensth
alone, bat wisdom. In the ordinance of 1787,
before the birth of year Constitution, we taught you
the principles of civil hoerty. It is a s ngular tact
that,m an ordinance creating a Government designed
to be temporary, those great principles should be
laid down as the funda-neatal basis of our society,
and expre-sed to be forever binding and iirevocable
upon peop e and States thereafter to arise Like
Hannibal, we were consecrated to libtrly in our in-
fancy, and now that our noonday sun is culmi-
naung upon the continent, we coo]ure yon to ap-
prehend no evil, nor to fear influences, however
powetfu', which are thus benign' Let Senators re-
member when they ? re disposed to mete out their
favor  with a sparing hand, under what difficul-
ties, un lei what discouragements, ard under what
painful p rils, our early settlements were effected.
Let them remember how, even in later times, it has
coit us all out resources to se'tle down as owners
upon the frowning fores'. The State of Indiana
has an area of upwards of twenty-two millions of
acres, and her ei izens have already contributed to
the Rational Treasury, as the price of their de-
mesnes, more than twenty millions of dollars. In-
diana has t arely passed ber inmonty. How, after
such exhaustion, has their industry been taxed to
calti vate and stock their farms and to procure that
bouiti ul subsistence which an American citizen
demands'
You have been reminded, sir, by way of check-
ing too gratuitous a spirit towards the new State ,
of the boanty and munificence, cr as the Senator
from Souih Carolina [Mr Preston] eloquently
expresses it, of the justice (for what higher attribute
can be claimed in these degenerate ages?) of Vir-
g ma and the other conceding States in surrender-
