Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
9%
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Clay of Ala.
Senate.
nefit of the United Slates'!" Do not all the deeds,
which I have brought to the notice of the Senate,
use the same language in effect? Those from Vir-
ginia and Norih Carolina declare that the lands
"ceded to the United States shall be considered a
common fund, S(c." Do not these words distinctly
convey the idea of a joint fund, in contradistinc-
tion to one in sevaallyf Could language
have been used more expressive of a full as-
sent to the terms which had been proposed by
Congress in their resolution of the 10th of Octo-
ber, 1780? I think not, sir—and the terms
employed in the other deeds of cession, though not
the same, may be regarded as equipollent. For in-
stance, as I have shown, those of Massachusetts,
Connecticut, and South Carolina, conveyed "to the
United States of America, Jor their benefit." Is not
this a conveyance for joint benefit, in the absence of
any qualifying expressions? It cannot be denied
and, sir, I may remark, that there is not a clause to
be found in any one of the deeds of cession, which
reserves any separate interest or dividend to the
State by which it is made. Can it be reasonably
supposed, that the States would have used such
language as they did, with the distinct avowal of
Congress before them, that the ceded territory
should be "disposed of for the common benefit of the
United States," if they had intended to secure to
themselves any separate or distinct interest? On
the contrary, admonished, as they were, of the pur-
pose and intention of the General Government,
they would have carefully inserted express íeserva-
tions of such distributive shares as they intended to
secure.
But, sir, there are other clauses in some of the
deeds of cession, which have been seized upon by
some of the friends of distribution to give color to
their construction. In some of them lhis language
is used: "for the use and benefit of such of the
United States as have become, or shall become
members of the Federal alliance, &c " "accord-
ing to their usual respective proportions in
the general charge and expenditure." It seems to
me, sir, that this argument is easily answered. It
is only necessary to bear in mmd that all the ces-
sions which have been enumerated, except that of
North Carolina, were made beiore the adoption of
the Constitution, and hers in the same year; and
that the language just quoted had reference to the
mode of raising revenue, under the Articles of Con-
federation.   Article 8 is in the following words-
"All charges of war, ant all othei expenses that shall be in
curred for trie common defence or geneial welfaie, and allowed
by the United Statea in Congress assembled, shall be deliayed
outof a common Treasury, which shall be supplied by the^o
verat States, in piopouion to the value of all land within each
State granted to or surveyed for any ptrson, as such land and
the buildings and impiovements thereon shall be estimated ac
cording to such mode as the United States m Congi ess assembled
shall Irom time lo timedirectand appoint
"The taxes for paying that propoition shall be laid and levied
by the authority and dn ection of the LegiUatm es of the
several Slates, within Ihe time agreed upon by the United
States m Congress assembled '
Sir, although Congress then made oppropn-
ations "for the common defence" and "ge-
neral welfare," and paid them "out of a
common Treasury," we see they had not the
power of taxation. They only had power
to lay down the rule for the assessment of taxes,
and make requisitions upon the several States, cin-
der whose authority alone they were to be levied
and paid over. Then, sir, when a "common fund"
■was placed in the general Treasury "for the use
and benefit of such of the United States as had be-
come, or should become, members of the Federal
alliance," "according to their usual and respective
proportions in the general charge and expendi-
ture," it was merely intended to relieve them, re-
spectively, of the payment of that proportion of the
amount of the requisitions which might be made
on them by the General Government. In other
words, it was equivalent to a credit to be estimated
by that rale, to which each State, belonging to the
Federal alliance, was to be entitled at the "common
treasury," for the absurdity of paying over this
"common fund" to the several Stales, "according
to their usual and respective proportions in the
general charge and expenditure," to be immediately
returned, or repaid by them into the "common
treasury," could never have been peipetratcd by
the wise men of that day.
Mr. President, there is another point of view, in
which the proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky for the distribution of the revenue arising
from the sales of the public lands, or any other pro-
positien heretofore made, having the same object in
view, is imperfect, and, I may add, totally imprac-
ticable. If a distribution can, or ought to be made
under the deeds cf cession, it must be done by the
rule of taxation established by the Articles of Con-
federation, at least the clause on which I have re-
marked, and on which gentlemen rely, evidently
refers to that rule, and indicates no other.
The " usual respective proportion in the general
charge and expenditure" was fixed by the 8th article
already quoted,according to the value of all "the land
within each State, gramed or surveyed, and the build-
ings and improvements thereon." No such rale of
taxation, or "charge and expenditure" now exists,
nor is the plan of di tribution predicated on that
principle, or on the provisions of the Constitution,
which has been since adopted Under that instru-
ment Congress may raise revenue by taxation,
direct, or indirect. In the second section of the first
article it is provided, that " representatives and
direct taxes shall be apportioned among the several
Slates, which may be included within this Union,
according to their respective numbers, which shall be
determined by adding to the whole number of ftee
persons, including those bound to service loi a
term of years, and excluding Indians not taxed,
three-fifths of all other persons." Now we know
that this rule of taxation is altogether different Irom
that established by the Articles of Confederation,
and that it is not the criterion referred to by the
deedi of cession, for apportioning among the seve-
ral States "tho general charge and expenditure."
But, sir, it' it were otherwise, we have no "direct
taxes" but a system of indirect taxation, by dunes
and imposts, under whieh it is impossible to know
what each or any particular Slate pays. Having
no criterion whatever, then, by which to ascertain
the respective proportion; of the several States "in
the general charge and expenditure," or in what
proportions they contribute to tkse common Trea-
sury, we consequently have none by which lo ap-
portion amongst ihem the revenue arising from the
ízales of the public lands
Again, Mr President, the history of the times
seems to me to furnish a conclusive refutation
against every argument I have heard in favor of
distribution We know that, throughout the Revo-
lution, Congress had no power to rai^c money,
even tor the common Treasury, except through the
intervention of the States We have already seen
tha1, under the Articles of Confederation, taxes for
that purpce were expres.ly required to "be la'd
and levied by the authority and direct on of
the Legislatures of the several States" Un-
til the adoption of the Federal Ccnsiitulion,
the States never surrendered to Congress the
power of racing revenue, even for ihe gene
ral purposes for which th"s Government was
instituted, and they were slow and reluctant to part
with the power to that limited extent. This being
the case, can it be supposed that they ever intended
to constitute this Government an agent lo rai^e or
collect revenue from any source whatever, to be
divided or distributed jmongst themselves? No,
sir, such an idea is contradicted by the known jea-
lousy with which they ever guarded the exercise of
power by the General Government, and the ex-
treme cauiion and hesitation with which they grain-
ed to it the powers deemed maispensable to us effi-
cient action by the most wise and patriotic.
I will now, sir, submit a remark or two on the
deed of ces«ion from Georgia It was executed on
the 24th of April, 1802—more than thirteen years
after the adoption of the Constitution of the United
States—and its language conforms to the change of
Government which had taken place. It declares
"that all the lands ceded (after satisfying certain
claims) be considered as a common fund for the use
and benefit of the United States, Georgia included,
and ■shall be faithfully disposed of, for that purpose,
and for no other use or purpose whatever." Here
is no reservation of any thing but a joint and com-
mon interest, it is to be "a common fund," and
"for the use and benefit of the United States"—that
is, the Government of the Union, and not of the
States severally—and to be "faithfully disposed of
for that purpose" only. In this deed, we do not
find ihe clause about "the respective and usual pro-
portion (of the Slates) in the general charge and ex-
penditure," on which gentleman have predicated
most of their arguments in favor of distribution—
because the rule and the mode of taxation to which
that language referred had been superseded by tha
provisions of the Constitution. The States no
longer laid and levied taxes for the General Govern 
naent, hence there was no longer need of a rule for
apportioning the credits.
In further confirmation of the views I have ex-
pressed on this subject, I may remind the Senate,
that the idea of distributee the proceeds of the
public lands is of modern origin. Mors than forty
years had elapsed after all the cessions, except that
oí Georgia, and thirty years after that, before any
a'tempt was made to establish the divisibility of
those funds. During all this time, the money re-
ceived for the public domain was paid into the
common treasury, like other portions of the reve-
nue; and it was appropriated and paid out in the
same manner, indiscriminately, for all the liabili-
ties of the Government. I am not aware that any
of the States ever set up a claim to a separate or
distributive share of this fund, until after the pro-
ject was started in 1832, nor do I believe that such
a thought was ever entertained when the several
compacts were made, either by the States or Gene-
ral Government.
But, Mr President, if the views I have expressed
m reference to that portion of the public domain.
ceded by the States be erroneous, on what principle
can gentleman claim a distribution of the revenue
arising from the sales of the lands in Louisiana
and Florida, purchased from France and Spam?
In legard to those, none of the States, separately,
ever had any claim, or ever made a cession, or a
compact with the General Government. They
were purchased by the Government of the United
States with its own. revenue, with the common trea-
sure, created by its own power. Yet those lands
have been treated like the balance of the public
domain, and the money received from them,
like that received from all other sources of
revenue, placed in the common treasury. No
one denies that the Government can purchase
land- does it follow that money expended in this
way, when it is brought back into the Treasuiy by
a sale, acquires any new property to change the
power ot the Government over its destination? If
so, it is but necessary for us to convert the reve-
nue, which we are only authorized to collect for
sfecified objects, into land, and then re-convert it
into money, to give the Government of the Uisited
States a power over it be>ond all the restraints, of
the Constitution. However, this ü an absurdity-,
for which, it is to be hoped, few will be reckless
enough to contend.
But, sir, although every proposition for a distri-
bution of the revenue has been broad enough to
embrace all the public domain, as «ell Lorn tana,
com\ rising the whole of our territory beyond the
Mississippi, as Florida and the whole country
south of the thirty-first degree of latitude, I hav 
not > et heard any one bold enough to muntsin
tnat the deeds of cession from the Slates extended
to any portion not included within ihe chartered
limits of the original States.
From these views, Mr. President, it follows that
a distribution amongst the States, of the revenue
arising from the sale of such portions of the public
land as were purchased from France and Spa'n,
cannot be sustained on any ground, which has
been hitherto assumed in this discussion. I think
■K e have seen, too, that so much as was ceded by
Georgia, wants the support of the argument which
gentlemen have founded on particular clauses in
the other deeds of cession, and must be excepteo
As regards the cession of North Carolina, it may
be said there is nothing to distribute, for we have
more than once passed bills through this branch ot
Congress, which amount (and very properly too)
to an abandonment of all claims to the refuse, un-
appropriated lands withm the S ate of Tennessee.
And, sir, the result is, that the only colorable
claim, supported with any plausibility, by the
friends of distnbution.extends to the remnants which
