Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGHESSIONAL GLOBE.
89?
26th Cons....2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Reynolds.
H. of Rep .
tion, or act of the old CongrebS, which passed
April, 1734.
"Resolved, That the same subject (the cession of
the public lands) be again presented to the atten-
tion of the said States—that they be urged to consi-
der that the war is now brought to a happy termi-
nation, by the personal services of our soldiers, the
supplies of pioperty by our citizens, and loans of
money from them, as well as foreigners. These se-
veral creditors have a right to expect ihat funds
shall be provided on which they may rely for in-
demnification, that Congress still think that vacant
territory is an important resource, and that there-
fore, the said States be earnestly pressed, by imme-
diate and liberal cessions, lo forward these neces-
sary end?, and to promote the harmony of the
Union."
Thispubhcdomainwas never designed by the ori-
ginal contracting parties, or by the aeis of cession, to
become the private property of individuals or indivi-
dual States. They wereacquued for twogreat objects,
first, to secure the national debt, and in the next
place to improve and settle them by the American
people One great object of their acquisition being
accomplished—the payment of the national debt—
they are now in the power of Congress to dispose
of them as they may deem just and proper to ad-
vance the best interests of the country
[Mr. Everett having called Mr Reynolds to
order, the Speaker observed that he was rot out
of order, a"d that he was at liberty to proceed ]
Mr R said I kno# well that trie gen leman
from Vermont desires etery thing to be in s'ret
order and form. I complain not of this This
pxact adherence of technical order and form is
born with some individuals. On those principles
for which the gentleman professes so much attach-
ment, I hope to be able to convince him that I am
right, aad that he will, in the end, support my pro-
position.
Mr. Speaker, I consider I am in duty bound to
say to the Committee on the Public Lands and to
this House, that I mean no disrespect to the com-
mittee by moving and advocating these instruc-
tion0. Such instructions are not uncommon. It
frequently becomes necessary to move and adopt
them. I deem it necessary and proper on this oc-
casion. The Committee on Public Lands have
had, to my knowledge, on former occasions, and
no doubt have now, numberless memorial  and re-
solutions submitted to them on 'he subject of the
public lands, and the same permitted to remain
with them without action. I pretend net to say
this will be the case at this session, yef, at any rate,
as this is a  interesting subject, I deem it my daty
to present it to the House m this manner, and at this
early per od of the session. I have been laboring
with assiduity to obtain an opportunity to present
to the House a bill ".uh the following title, to wit
''A bill to grant prospectivepre-emp'inns to settlers,
and to reduce the price of the pnb'ie lands to
settlers according to the value of tne land*,"
but cannot succeed as jet I was prevented once
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. BaRNird ]
This he had a light to do, and of which I complain
not He wishes to debate a proposition, and lie can,
as I know well, make an exce'lem mitten, speech.
These aie ti. e reasons which induced me to move
these instructions, and whieh will be satisfactory, I
hope, to the House and the committee
There are two propositions contained m these
instructions—one for prosp'&we pie-emptton1?, and
the other to reduce the price of the publ'C lands to
settlers accordirg to the va'ue ci the land. The
various modes and manner oí carryng out these
propositions are leít U the judgment and discretion
oí tne commute  T*ie pnnc pies of th^e m a-
sures I wish to s e settled at or ce by the House.
It is not strange or unreasonable ihat my consti-
tuents and my.elf feel such a d'ep m'erest and ex-
treme anxiety on this subject. Suppose the oid
S ates weie prevented from taxii g the sod
within their limits, and were even compelled
to ask of the Congiess of the United States
permission to loca'e a road withm their limi s
on the public land?. What would their people
and members say on the occasion? Would not
their members laboring under this oppression rare
a clamor in this House, that could not, and ought
not to bs resisted? Suppose, by some act, I will
not say wi«e or unwise, the Bay State, for example,
had bartered off her sovereign power to tax her soil,
and nevertheless the laws and Constitution of the
country had guarantied to her at the same time
that she should remain m the Union, "having the
the same rights of sovereignty, freedom, and inde-
pendence as the other States " Under these cir-
cumstances, would her citizens or representatives
in Congress remain silent and satisfitd spectators
of their own dependence and vassalage' I pre
tend not to say they would violate their honor and
honesty m nullifying the act that caused their de-
gradation, bat I do say they would try all honora-
ble meant, to relieve their country from this condi-
tion, and placs themselves, as the God of nature
had done, on an equal footing vith the rest of the
American people, and the American States
This equality oi condition and standing with
the original S ates, is a'l I ask for my corstituent ,
and I ask it to be granted to them on honorable
and honest principles. Their rights, on this sub-
ject are bas^d on the fair and honest construction
of the original cession acts, and the equitable
and common sense understanding of the pledges
of the General Government, given in various acts
of Congress.
In the cession act of Virginia is contained this
provision ' That the States so formed shall be
distirct Republican States, and admit'ed members
of the Peoeral Union, having the same rights of so-
vereignty, freedom, and independence, as the other
State ."
The following is the provision contained in the
act or "i esolve" of Congress of March, 1784, to
wit "Which S ales shall htrcafter become mem-
bers of the Federal Union, and have the same
rights ef sovereignty, freedom, and independence,
as the original States."
This extraordinary provision is contained in the
act of Congress of 18 h April, 1818, authorizing
the Territory of Illinois to form a State Govern-
ment, to wit "And the said State, when formed,
shall be admitted into the Union, on the same foot-
ing with the original States, in all respects what-
ever."
Givieg the cession act, and the several acts of
Congress on this subject, a fair and equitable con-
struction, what will be the conclusion? Will any
candid man believe that the State of Virginia—a
State that has been so signally chaiactemed for her
libtrabty and enlightened policy—had the least in-
tention, at the time she made this liberal and pene-
lous cession of the Northwestern Terutory to the
Gencal Government, that the Stites formed m this
territory should be on a dependent and different foo'-
mg wnh "the original State' " If th  policy of
Virginia had been as oppressive ?s that practised
by the General Government on the new States,
Kentucky would not yet have finished paying for
her lands If this were the po'icy, the people ot
Kentucky would have been compelled lo pay fur
their lands, as tho e States north of the Ohio river
have to do at tm« time.
It cannot admit of a dcubt, b0cavse the exprts-
«lon is clear s>nd explicit to the contraiy, and the
fair and honest con=tt notion of the acs ot Con-
?rcs Mil aloO compel us to tome to the same con-
clus.on.
It >s a fundamental principle laid down by the
most enlightened and intelligent siaiesmen and
hw writers, that a sovere gn State or Government
has no power to deprive itself of anv of its e sen-
tía! attributes of sovereignty Ary ahena ion uf
the .sovereignly of a Government which would de-
p'l'/e tnat Governrrentof Us ordu ary ac'ion foi tne
good of the people, would be nul andvcid The rights
of eminent domain mmt be preserved >n a State, or
else it would cea*e to be a Government of such
«overe gn power as would enao^e it to act for the
gt od of the people.
Th  taxini power m all Govemmen's s ai es-
sential attribute of sovereignty, and falls most
mamfe lly wi hm the above rule. The conclusion
cannoibe re is ed, that any a;t by which a so-
vereign S ate .s deprived of the laxibg power, is
Hull and von'.
If the Sta'e of Illmo s were to levy a tax on all
the lan^s within the limits of the State, the subject
of the sovereignty of the State would thereby be
presented to this nation in an attitude, which, m
my humble judgment, would secure success to the
State. The reasonable and common sense con-
struction of the doctnne of State rights, would al-
so furnish an argument in favor of the State, that
would be unanswerable and irresistible. This ap-
pendage to the General Govemment,of our stupen-
dous land system, weighs like a mill stone around
the neck of the States. It is giving the General
Government a patronage which the framers of our
Constitution never intended, and the sooner the
Government can be released from it, on equitable
principles, the better for the whole nation.
Yet, notwithstanding the above, I have no idea
that the Slate of Illinois will adopt any policy m
relation to this subject that will be harsh or uncon-
stitutional. They have confidence in the honesty
at>d integrity of the American people, and will wait
for the ordinary action of the Government to dp
them justice The people of Illinois regard tb.e
peace and harmony of the Union above all earthly
considerations, and will, under the influence of
this reason, retain themselves withm the bounds of
moderation, and a proper regard for self-govern-
ment Nevertheless, under these circumstances,
and having, as they believe, justice and the laws
of the land on the side of the people, is it strange
or unreasonable, Mr Speaker, that they should
fed a great anxiety on this subject, and should de-
sire the subject to be urged on the consideration of
Congiess at all suitable and proper times and oc-
casions.
Were the people of the new States to take fire
for their rights, as the Southerrers do when an
Abolition petition is seen withm the walls of this
Capitol, this land subject would have been settled
long since Were a convention of all the new
States as.-embled, and make it a common cause
among themselves as the gentleman [Mr Proffit
of Indiana] suggested the other day, the subject
would by these means be quieted down, and justice
done us. This mode of assembling together is
proper and constitutional, and if justice be not done
the new States, I hesitate not to *ny it will bj re-
sorted to. Yet, in Illinois, it will be satisfactory
to the people at the present time, as far as I am
advised, to have the lands reduced in price accord-
ing to their value, and sold under the prospective
pre-emption system
Th"re can be nothing more just and equitable
for both the General and Slate Governments than
ti e permanent establishment of prospective pre-
empuor s. In the first place, they are to be con-
fii ed ts a limited and small quantity of the public
domain, to wit ose quarter section. This quanti-
ty will afford a man in moderate eircums'ances a
small farm on which toset'le h msel' and to raise
h s family In the next place, it is confined to the
achml settler and to none othes This is a'so just
and propei, as the countiy is then settled and im-
proved, and the public lands not sqjandered off to
non íesidents and speculators And, in the third
place, the revenue ot the Government is not in-
jured, but improved
The rollowng exhibit from the General Land
Office shows the amoant of sales from 1st July,
1838, to oOth November, and the average price per
acie So it will be seen that the lands sold at a
very small fraction more than the minimum pre emp-
iion price:
J ant DMriUsm Itimjit,
An otim i i auea <nd put Average
base n ouey Imm 1st Tu , price pr
lj  1835 to30thf>ov 1810    acre
Shawneelown
XMwTrteviUe,
kaskaskia,!
Palei>t> ie
^piin^h id,
\ mdabf,
Davit He
Quint-y,
Galena, (now Diion )
í
163 048 85
99 7458o
•¿tíüiioí
261 3*28 68
% 453 07 '
301 ¿75 12,
69 269 83'
214 34'! 00
383 677 49
271)763 02
«207,600 r)4|
124,682 48
302 649 11
326,073 bl
121,170 Sti
377 8-A 6 '
S6,692 4o
2bS| 202 14
517,7% 74
338,494 IS
$2 671,746 76
ft 27 t
1 25 0
1 25 0
1 as 0
1 25G
1 25 4
1 25 I
I 25 1
1 34 9
1 25 0
Aggregates,
2,101,915 49
«SI 2
$1 27 1
Average price per acie
each period,
710

