90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Coact.......2nd Sbss.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Reynelds.
R. of Reps.
The additional settlement and improvement of
the country by means|of these pre-emptions, would
increase the sales of the public lands with much
more advantage to the revenue than the small loss
of a fraction of a few cents per acre would injure it.
Pre emptionshave been found just and equitable.
The Government has so considered it, as we see,
Mr. Speaker, that that policy has prevaded until it
has ripened into a system. Yet, what is strange,
the trouble and expense of granting temporary pre-
emptions have been continued in Congress to the
present time. The prospective system which I have
proposed in Ihe instructions, is much better than
the other, m every respect. It will be, amongst
other things, a great saving to the Government to
cease legislating on the subject, and at the same
time it will secure certainty and stability to the ac-
tual settler. The time can be allowed for one or
two years from and after the time the improve-
ments and settlements are made, so that the pre-
emptor can remain secure and in peace on his im-
provement until the time expires. In that time,
the cultivator will be enabled to procure the neces-
sary amount of money to purchase his farm. This
will increase the settlement of the country, and at
the same time increase also the revenue arising
from the sales of the public lands.
Mr. Speaker, I am astomshed to find so many
individuals in the old Stales, who are utterly op-
posed to the growth and prosperity oí theiryounger
sisters in the Confederacy. The whole Union
is composed of the same common people, and each
ought to be proud of the growth and prosperity of
the others. This is the case of many of the liberal
and enlightened citizens of tbe Union: but the cold
and benighted policy of some is to retard and pre-
vent tho irerease of wealth and population of the
new States. They say, the new States dram the
wealth and population from the parent stock, and
thereby become, in a short lime, mighty empires
Moreover, the strange and unfounded assertion is
made, that it is by the liberal and enlightemd po-
licy of the General Government, that new Stales
grow and prosper m tuch an unparalleled manner.
"Mark now, how plain a tile shall put these
assei lions down."
In the first place, it is true, that no country on
the globe has prospered, and increased in wealth
and population m such extraordinary manner, as
the State ot lllmo shas done within a fewyears past.
The great mcrea*e of the popular vote given at the
Presidential election m November last, was as
tonishwg to the people of the State, as will as to
those out of it It amounted to nmety-three thou-
sand and thirteen votes. The reason of all this is
not what Congress has done for the State; but is, to
the action oí an infinitely higher power that we
ascribe the cause of ourprtspenly and hrfppme^s.
It is tbe natural fertility oí the soil, the great
number of navigable streams 'unwinding and in-
tiisecung the State in all dnections, and the conge-
nial and salubruus climate of tt>e country, that
have all conspued to render this State the most
desn able residence for the ma^ws of mankind of
any other country on earth I may add iunher,
that our Sute has m t only the e advantages, but
is located on the shore < f one i f die great inland
seas, and has, with the e facilities, the means oí
canying her product, to cithir IheSiuthem oi
Northern maikets in a lew diy^. One more tact,
and ihen the whole foundation of our g owtb and
prosperity is exhibited to the world, <ndth0t is ihdt
' no involuntary servitude" does exist in our State.
It must al o bt leeolleUeu that the whole valley
of the Miobissppi p e cms ene of the larresi and
most fertile regions ot country on the globe. It is
almost three thousand milts in diameter in every
direction, and i ¡> fertility unequalled Thi¡, whole
region is fast filling up with popula ion and wealth,
and no earth'y power can an est it Tbe die is
cast; the oldSta'es mustsurrend r at the discretion
of jastici in a few yt ar^. When the < Id Slates are
filled up to overflowing wita thi.r hardy working
popnlauon, and then- woik-h)ps and fpctones are
crowded so as to injuie and oppress the inmates,
then we will give them a heany welcome in the
West, and place them m prosperity on the patnmo-
Sial estate of the nation.
Let us turn our attention to the subject, and see
what Congress has «<one for Illinois. It is true
that Congress has been graciously pleased to permit
us to remain in the Union; and this is about all the
blessings we have received, as far as my recollec-
tion serves me, from that quarter. We have had
granted to us some of our own soil, which was
appropriated either for national objects, or to en-
hance the value of the rest of the public lands, and
to expedite the sales of the same. And m return,
what have we done? Tne people m the West found
the ccuntry a wilderness, inhabited and surround-
ed by savage?. With labor and hardship, perse-
vering through, and overcoming all perils and dan-
gers, they improved the country, and reclaimed it
from its original wild state. This was no easy
matter to accomplish. Many of the best men, and
the most choice spirits, perished in the progress of
the work. Sickness, and the danger of Ihe Indian
enemy, were frequently visited on the pioneers of
the West; and, on many occasions, death was the
result. While the people of me West were expe-
riencing ail these hardships and privations in set-
tling and improving the country, the other class of
citizens in the old S ates was enjoying the blessings
and luxuries of d civilized life, surrounded with all
the comfors and enjoyments ot wh ch man is sus-
ceptible. With our enterprise and labor we ha/e
made roads, public and private improvements
throughout the country, so that by our work'
hardships, peril, and toil, we have given to
the public lands almost all the value they pos-
sess. What has been the consequence? Lands be-
ing ihus, made valuable, were purchased with rapi
dity; almost all the money m circulation m the
S ate was paid into the land oil ces, and scarcely
one dollar of it ever returned Very rarely has
there been any disbursements of the public money
on national works or otherwise in the State
Heavy drains of money oat of the country,
and no return, is the policy under which we have
been labonn? in Illinois for many years. It is the
great natural advantages of the country that has
sustained us under these circumstances, and not
the liberality or generosity we have experienced
from the General Government.
The following exhibit from the General Land
Office will show the amount of monejs received
from the State of Illinois for the sales of the public
lands within her limits
Payments into the Treasury from sales in  Illi-
nois from the commencement of the sales to
31Dec.l834           -           -              $3,519,268 78
1835            -           -               2 461,125 03
1836            -           -                3,705 013 93
1837            -           -                1,075,239 73
1838            -           -                  818 923 33
1839            -           -                1 460,525 65
30 Sep 1840           -           -                  5¿8 883 01
$13 568,979 45
The above laige amount of money was paid by
the citizens of Illinois to sustain the Treasury of
the United States, where, at the same time, the ci-
tizens of the old States paid not one cent into the
Treasury under a similar system of taxation. We
consider it unjust to be taxed for our lands when
ihe citizens oi the old States had their lands for
Intle or nothirg. Nevertheless, I am not dit,possd
to array in hostile attitude onf section of the Union
aaainst another Justice will be done us. We
h.tve the utmost confidence in the honesty and in-
telligence of the American people. Time and in-
vestigation will do justice on the occasion, and that
is, in fac, all that we in the least desire on this or
any o'her subject.
The pre-emption laws are for the peculiar bene-
fit of the poor «tan; and I hope, Mr. Speaker, that
the party all over the Union, who have figured so
conspicuously and with such success, in the recent
campaign of log cabins and coon skirs, will now
come to tbe relief of the tenants of log cabins, and
c;rry out m practce their professions. In the
heart of ihe ctty of New Orleans is a log cabin,
decorated m the usual «tyle, with coon skins and a
canoe on top; one in Mobile, and one in this city.
These cabins, with a thousand others over the
Union, stand as so many monuments of professed
friendship and attachment for the poor man.
These demonstrations cannot be denied, and the
poor man will expect the party who have promised
so much m this manner, to redeem their pledges.
A failure to perform now, in granting the pre-emp-
tion rights, will be considered by the real log cabin
tenants as abusing their confidence.
It is so manifestly just and right in all respects
to grant prospective pre eruptions, that I will submit
the subject to the House, and examine in a very
brief manner the other proposition—the reduction of
the price of the public lands according to their value.
This proposition appears so self-evident to the
comprehension of all mankind, and is so intimately
connected wnh the plain principles of common
sense, which are recognised by the whole mass of
Ihe people, that it seems to me it needs no elucida-
tion whatever. All I wish is for the land to be
sold accoiding to its value; and that, too, to actual
settler^ in limited parcels.
It is frequently stated that the whole country
West is fertile, and that the minimum price is cheap
for the worst quality of these lands. This is a mis-
apprehension of facts. Although there are great
quantities of good land in the West, yet in many
of the new States and Territories there is also much
of an inferior quality, which is almost entirely
valueless. In some of these States and Territories
there are barien mountains, and in others swamps
and inundated lmds near the great rivers. These
are not common, but when they do exist it is just
and right that this inferior quality of ¡and should
be sold as well as the other, ■ o that settlements may
be formed throughout the whole country. To-
'ettle and improve the country was one of the stipu-
lations of the Government, when it acquired this
territory, and to carry out this policy is the honest
performance of the contract
The transactions of the Government in relation
to the public soil must be regulated by the common.
sense course observed amongst mankind There
can be no mystery or miracle practised by th* Go-
vernment so as to sell the public lands different, or
adverse to the common 3ease of the people, Let
us test the subject before us with the notions and
actions of business men. Suppose an individual
has articles to sell—land if you please—and he is
in truth and in fact desirous to make sales, having
need for the money, and not at all wanting the
article wh'ch he has for sale, as it is with the
case of the United States After offering the arti-
cle, or land, for a reaso>ia&/e time, at public auction,
and at private sale, and finds no purchasers, what
does he do? It requires no book education to say
what to do. He reduces the price, and reduces
until a sale is effected. It is not the seller alone
that regulates prices, it is the general .«ense of man-
kind m relation to monej, which is the standard
that fixes the prices of all things. Therefore the
Government alone has no power to fix an arbitra-
ry price on the public lands higher than public
opinion will justify, and that too under the agree-
ment entered into at the time these lands were
ceded lo the United S'ates.
It will be seen, by the following table from the
General Land Office, the time the public lands
have been in market in Illinois:
Lands remaining unsold til Illinois on the 30th of
Jane, 1840, that were brovght into market, or offered
at public sale, during the following pet zods, vxz:
From 30th .Tune, 1805, to 30th June, 1810,      -      .        70,837
'    30tli Jone, 181j, to 30th June, 1820,      .           4¿10,460
'     30ih lune, 182 I, to 30th June, 1825,                 3,409 861
"    30th June, 1825, to 30th June, 1830            .     1034 994
"    30>h June, 1830, to 30th June, IK?,      -      ■     1,913 981
"    30ih Jure, 1835, to 30th June, 1840,     -     .     3357,349
13,997,682
It appears from the above official statement, that
a considerable quantity of land has remained in
market, in Illinois, for thirty-five years These
lands have remained in market for sale for more
than half the period of our national existence, and
are yet "unsold ¡n Illinois on the 30th of June,
1840 "' Is th s complying with the fair and equita-
ble undersnnd.n  of t'ie contract wade at the lime
these lands were acquired? These lands remain in
the hands of the Government unsettled and unim-
proved, to the great injury of the country.
I may further add, that the Government stands
