ENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G
'.lief of Nathaniel Goddard, and others—Mr. Tui
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong....2vd Sess.
ia need of the proceeds cf the sales of these lands.
By a fair and reasonable reduction of the pnce
these lands would sell; and thereby the Treasury of
the United States be impioved and benefited.
In every possible bearing of this subject, and
every consequence considered, it seems to be juit
and right to reduce the price of the public lands to
actual settlers, according to their quality and value.
I pretend not, Mr. Speaker, to dictate to the
committee, or to this House, the mode and manner
of ascertaining the real value of these lands. There
may be various modes adopted, but that which
seems to me the most reasonable and practical, is
to judge the quality and value according to (he
time the lands have been in market. I do not ex-
pect or solicit the indiscriminate reduction of the
price of all the public lands before they are offered
in market. Nor do I expect thetn reduced until
they are offered tor sale durmg a reasonable time
under the present system.
I am not alone in these sentiments. President
Jackson, in his foutth annual message, delivered
Dec. 4, 1833, presses thi  subject, sn a very forcible
manner, on the attention of Congress and the na-
tion. The same recommendations were hear lly
followed up by Mr. Van Buren, the present Chief
Magistrate, and urged on Congress.
I will present to the House an extract from the
above message of General Jackson, which will ex-
hibit his sentiments on th^s subject m a very ener-
getic manner, to wit
"It seems to me to be out true policy that the
public land., thill cease, as soon as practicable, to
be a source of revenue, and that they be sold to set-
tlers in limited parcels, at a price b?iely sufficient
to reimburse to the United States the expense of the
prtsent system, and the cost arising under our In-
dian compacts. The advantages of accurate sur-
veys and undoubtel titles, now secured to pur-
chasers, seem to forbid the abolition of the present
sjstem, because none can be substituted which will
more perfectly accomplish these important ends.
Ins desirable, however, that in convenient time this
machinery be withdrawn from the States, and that
the right of sod and the future disposition of it, be
surrendered to the States, respectively, in which it
lies.
"The adventurous and hardy popu'ation of the
West, besides contubutmg their equal share of tax
ation under our impost system, have, in the pro-
gtess of our Government, for the lands they occu-
py, paid into the Treasury a large portion of iorty
millions of dollars, and of the revenue received
therefrom, but a small pait has been expended
among them. When, to ihe disadvantage of their
situation in this respect, we add the consideration
that it is their labor alone which gives real
value to the lands, and that the pi occeds arising
from their sale ait- distributed chiefly among
States which had not originally any chim to them,
and which hate enjoyed ttie undivided emolument
ansing from the sale of ihcn own Und--, it cannot
be expected that the new State- wjll remain longer
eontemed with the piesent policy after the payment
of the public debt. To avert the consequences
which may be apprehended tiom this eiuse, to put
an end forever to all partial and interested 'egtsla-
tion on this subject, and to ?ftord to e very Ameri-
can citizen of enterprise, the opportunity of secur-
ing an independent freehold, it seems to m3, there-
fore, best to abandon the idea of ídismg d future
revenue out of the public lands."
I will also bring to the consideiation of this
House, the views of Mr Vsn Buien on the subject
ot the graduation of the price of the  publ c 1-rds
They ate contaired in his message of the 2d De-
cember, 1839, to wit:
"The passage of the graduation lav/, with t'se
guards before recommended, would a!so, I am
persuaded, add considerably to the revenue fir se-
veral }ears, and piove, in other respect, just and
beneficial.
"Your early cm sideration of the sublet is,
therefore, o ice more earne.t'y requested "
These sentiments, both em .mating from such
authority, must have g eat mfluence in the adjust-
ment of this question. The exalted station which
they both occupied at different periods, gave them
the opportunity to contemplate the subject with
calm dismterertedness, and to give such judgement
therein as will have much weight and influence
with their countrymen.
Mr. Speaker, I believe it cannot be found in
the history ot any nation, save that o£ the United '
States, where the pub'ic domain has been sold to
the people at so high rates, as m our own country.
Good grounds may have existed foi this policy
when we were emerging from a most severe contest
in the Revolution, and when we were weak in
numbers and wealth at the time we commenced
our national existenc. These times and circum-
stances have all passed away. This nation, in
population andm wealth, at this time, bears no
comparison to itself in former oays It needs no
revenue from the public lands, but should derive
its resoutces from an improved and wealthy coun-
try. The real wealth and pi ospenly of the nation
is rot found in the acres of the public lands held by
a doubtfu' title, but its real wealth and resources
are based on an improved and cultivated country,
inhabited by an honest and industrious popula-
tion. This is the wealth and prosperity wmch
the nation will experience, by extending to
the West a wise and liberal policy in the
adjustment, and m the profer disposition of
he public lands, go soon as these measures are
accomplished, and the whole country in the West
is occupied by farmers, residing on their own free-
holds, there will exist a political millenium After
this subject is settled, no common cause of dissatis-
faction can exist, no¡ any other general question
can arise that can agitate ih; whole country, as
the present subject of the public lands does.
I sincerely hope these times may soon be expe-
rienced in our countrj, and for their advancement,
and their happy consummation, I depend on the
good sense and honesty of the American people.
A dicisive vote of ihi  House approving of these
instructors, would be a considerable step towards
the proper and equitable adjustment of this ques-
tion, and be hailed in my district in Illinois, as the
harbinger of good times and good feelings.
SPEECH OF MR   TURNEY,
OP TENNESSEE,
In the House of Jlepresentahves, January IS,  1841—
In Committee oí ¡he Whole, on a bill tor the re-
lief of Nathaniel Goddard, Thomas H Peikias,
and  others.
Mr Chaikman The gentleman from Mascarhu-
setts [Mr Salt-install] the omer day, whei I in-
quired of him repeating one of the petit oners,
Thomas. H Perkins, seeme 1 to deny my r ght to do
so, and doubted the propriety ot answeimg my in-
quiry, on the ground that it was lrttlevait to the
case, and tmpioper m itself, and that his answer
could not and ought not to have any influente up-
on the question. In order that the House m<iy
judge otitic televancy and p"opnety of my ques-
tion, I will read from ihe Intelligencer the ques-
tion I propounded, and h>s answer, as they are re-
portid in that paper.
'Mr Ttrvi v lose and saidhe wished Mr ^Ai tun^tali to
inform him whethei theThorms II Peltate who «tipctrsto
bcoae ül thepdiueb mteies ed in this bill Wusthesime ThOa
It Perkins who was one ola commit ce «ent by he Fartf d
Coiventnnto VVdshi guio m lsI4 to ask Mr Madi on to re
sign ihe Presidency oi thelhilled Stales
Mi SALTOssTArfAiJ he di I no recogn «e the right of the
gentleman to put such a question, noi was he certain that lie
ougat to answer it, it wasirieSevantto the crse id itnpio e1-
ln llseif and the aliswet toit could notpi ipeily ha\e auu ou ¡it
n tto have, any irfl trence on the que i m beíjiclhe Hrns"
Th s ííouse, the country x 1 the ee ll'eman hut e!r, krew
vesy well who Th nnas ÍI Perkins was The Ihonns ÍÍ
Peikmswro is a any m the present claims, probably, tie
Tilomas H Perkins alluded to by the gentlemai , buf he wa^
as puie, as virmou , as honorable, as highnnndtd, and ¿spati i
otic a man aothe com try coman ed '
Now, I submit to the House whelh r this in-
quiry was hot relevant and pioper, and whether
the amwtr oí the gentleman does not Uucdaie
the mews of ihe question before the House. What
 s th^ question1 It is, as I understand it, ihat, not-
wiihs andmg the ship Ariadne had violated the laws
of the United States m hav.ng on board a Bnt'vh
license, and was therefoie legally and rightfully
cosdemned, jet the petitioners claim that the
amount of the forfeiture accruing to the Govern-
9t
H. of Reps.
ment for the vessel and her cargo eught to be re-
funded to them, because the petitioners were igno-
rant of the law, and acted in good faith to the Go-
vernment. If this were true, there would be some
equity in the claim. To establish these facts, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. SebgeantJ and
the chanman of the Committee of Claims [Mr.
Ru sell] and, also, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Saltonstall] all directed the whole
force of their arguments. Whether they succeed-
ed in convincing the House, I am unable to tell;
but I can say, that they did not satisfy me. How-
are we to ascertain whether the petitioners had a
knowledge of tne laws? And how are we to ar-
rive at iheir intentions in violating those laws!
The fact is not only proven, but admitted by the
petitioners themselves, that the ship and cargo had
been forfeited by its owners, and legally ana pro-
perlv condemned. Further, the fact that Cadiz,
the Spanish port to which the ship was bouad,
was known to be in possession of the British,
has no , and, I presume, will not be denied.
That this cargo of flour was used by the British
force, at a tima when there was a war between
England and the United States. If this flour was
furnished to the British with a full knowledge of
the existence of the war, and with an intention to
aid and assist the enemy, it was treason against our
Government, for which the petitioners, instead of
bsmg relieved by the passage of this bill, deserved
to be hung until they were dead. Than, sir, the
intention with which the petitioners carried on this
ll egal trade with a hostile nation, becomes a most
important inquiry in the consideration of this bill.
Tne acts of men serve as an index to their secret
thoughts and designs. If the petitioners were
shown to be patrie t c friends of their country m the
prosecution of tht- war of 1813, it would go far to
prove the absence of a c immal intent m prose-
cu'ing their commcicial transactions Bat if, en
t^e contrary, it should be shown that they were in
the constant habit of affording to the enemy all the
aid and assistance in their power, it would, m my
judgment, be conclusive evidence oí treason The
object of ray inquiry was to ascertain whether Per-
kins (one of the petitioners) supported his Govern-
ment during the war, or whether he was in any wise
connected or identified with the Hartford Conven-
tion.
It having an important beanng on the merits of
the question now before tbe House, I wished to
know whether he sanctioned or approved the treason-
able desicns and proceedings of this ever memora-
ble convention If so, and I expect to prove it be-
ioie I take mysefJ, m-stead of regarding him "as
pule, as virtuous, a< honorable and as h ghminded,
and as patriotic a man as the country contained," I
shdll not he itate to denounce hits as a traitor to
Amencia hbeity, and not entitled to sympathy or
re'ief frrm fieemen.
Mr. Chauman, the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr Salí1 k.stall] admits that one of the pe-
titioner's is the idem cal Thomas H Perkins who
was of the crmmittee *tnt to this city in 1814 by
'he Harifo'd Convention, to ask Mr Madison to
res gn lne oiTice of President of the United Slates.
Now, s r, Q«fore I inquire into the merits of that
famous conventim cf which Mr Perkins was the
¿dvoca e, and afterwards one of its missionaries io
Wa.fiin?ton I propose to exfmme the part he took
m ihe father st?ses of the wai. I think I shall be
<tb!e to show that he was virtually engaged in a
coiispnncv against h'sGjvernment frtm the begin-
ning o! tne war rO the tune that the news reached
Lim of ihe treaty of peace, and the no doubt still
more runteleone lews to him, the overthrow of
hi  British iirnds at New Orleans Here let me
remaik that U is nevs re;cred him, while acting as
minister plempoti ntiary of the Hartford Conven-
tit n I i,ow hold in my hand a document, the
ti le of winch is "Wbigsry is Federal sm," pre-
pared wito great care ard accuracy by two highly
respec ade gentlemen of Massachusetts, lor which
tt ey are entitled to the thanrs and gratitude of
their countrymen, and I now anceiely tender
mine, they are Charles G Greene and B. F. Hal-
lctt, esqs. From Ibis document, I hope to estab'ish,
to the satisfaction of this House, that Mr Perkins
is one of the last men m the "Union who should ask
