San. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
26th Cong««"2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Rhett.
H.ot Reps.
Dishonorable Comptimem— A late Salfm, (Massarhu
setts) paper, alter mentioning a number of small ve-^els burnt
b> the enemy on the neighboring coa^t says "That they
boarded one with intent to bum hei bnt discoveriegshe was
called the 'Federalist,' obseived they would notdestroy her 'for
her name's sake,' and she was not destioyed '
[Ntles's Weekly Register, June 25,1814
SPEECH OP MR. RHETT,
OF SOUTH CAROIINA,                i
jfrt the House if Representa zits Janumy 21, 1841*-
Oa the Treasury note bill              p
Mr. Chairman There are Ikiee proposieons%ub-
mitted to the House for supplying (he nece*sities of
the Treasury The first is that submitted by the
Committee of Ways and Mean —in issue of five
millions of Treasury note-—based upon the snopo-
sition that the deficiency in the Treasury is but tem-
porary, and thit the greater part, if not the wnole
of the emission, Will be redeemed during the fiscal
year The next is the proposition of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr Barnabd ] a permanent
loan of ten millions of dollar1;. The last, auxiliary
to both of these, submitted by the gemleman from
North Carolina, [Mr Stam-y J is taxation upon
silks, wines, and linens The Comm ttee on Ma-
nufactures have anticipated one of these expedients
of taxation by proposing a bill laying a duty, almo t
prohibitory, of twenty per rent on silks only All
of the expedients proposed, excepting that of th 
Committee of Ways and Means, assume the f-ct
that there is a permanent deficiency in tie Trea
sury, which must be --applied by permanent means,
a funded debt, and increased laxa ion I propose,
sir, to show that no such fact exists and that the
five millions of Treasury notes proposed by the bill
immediately under considera ion, will be sufficient
to relieve the Treasury for the ensuing year
The permanent deficiency in the Treasury, sup-
posed by gentlemen, hits been esttmnted variously
The gentleman from Mame (Mr. Evans) puts it
at $7,000,000 to §10 000,000, the gentleman frtm
Tennessee [Mr. Bell] at §16 000 000, rny col-
league [Mr. Thompson] at $15,000,000, ard the
gentleman from New York [Mr Barnard] at
$40,000 000 The gem'etnan from Ma ne, who
commenced all this prodigious cyphering, be"?n
his table by taking up the current expenditures of
the last year, and then, calling upon tko=e who
proposed retrenchment to show m what parlicuhrs
they could be reduced. The Secretory of the Trea-
sury proposed to reduce them from $22 000,000 in
1810, to $19,000,000 for 1841 Snow m what par-
ticulars this can be done The call is a fair cne,
and ought to be fairly and fully met.
The chief sources for retrenchment, pointed out
by the Secretary of the Treasury, are, the public
buildings, pensions, the fu fi'm nt of trea ie«, and
removal of Indians The gentleman from Mame
conceded the reduced expenditure of the public
buildings of $200,000, but he strenuously com
bated the two other items of reauctnn He
siowed, from the returns m the Pens on Oíice,th t
the deaths of the pensioners last} ear d d n^t, on an
average, reach four pei cent, but, m his generosi-
ty, he allowed ten per cent, rnd as to (he removal
of the Indians, there bad been appropriated
for that purpose, the last year, but $300,000 All
the saving from these sources would rot reach
$1,000,000
The fallacy of takirg the returns of deaths to the
pension Ofhje as the creienon of expenditures m
that Department, should nave occurred to a f-r
less acute mind than that of the gentleman frtm
Mame. Hundreds of pensioners may m , and \et
no statement of the fact be conveyed lo tne Pe -
sion Office. Tnr pension hi'I 01113 no> be called
for, and after lemaipmg in he hands of the pen-
sion offcer, the time allowed bylpw, the money
appropriated will be returned to tse Treasury An
inference may be drawn ti t the pensioner is de?(%
but 1* cannot be stated to b^o officially, and if
not dead he c?n claim his arrears of pension And
should it not have occurred o the gentleman, that
even h s ten per cent might be too s«>a,l an e t -
mate for the death of men between eigh'y and
one hundred ye irs old? Nothing but fraud and
perjury could keep up ihe pension roll at such a
rate of extinguishment, and, if he chooses to as-
sume, in bis computation, the deficiency of all
moral principle among the Revolutionary pen
sioner , whn chiefly come from his por 1011 of the
Union, I shall not take this for granted in my le-
gislation. I take the estimate made, not by ths Se-
cretary of the Treasury, but by the Commissioner
of Pensions (a man of undoubted capacity and in-
tegrity) and the pension bill reported by a commit-
tee to the House, and they show an expenditure of
$858,455, m 1841, less than was required in 1340
And now, «ir, to the oth r branch of dimi-
nished expéndame—the removal of Indians, ard
payments memdentato their removal It is true, tiat
ail wai<ni was appropna'ed the last j ear for the
removal of Indians was bjt $300,000 But does
nut the gentleman know that, f< r years past,
there baye always b en ezpend tures from eld ap-
propriations falling due, from j ear to year, wheh
make the appropriation-! under this head, for any
one year, ro criterion at all of what may be ex-
pended1 The tabie of expenditure0, in the report
of the Secretary of tbe Treasury, shows a large
number of these expenditures, and it is computed
that about one half million more of these old out-
standing appropriations was expended the last
year than will be needed for toe jear 1841. There
is also a half million now in 'he hand* of the
agents of the Government, in toe far West, lo be
P"id to the Ch rokees it  s not jet known whether
ihis amount is expended It is cnarg d to ihe ex-
penditure  of 1840, but if not msdeuntil 1841,
the money will be with th  charge to meet it
Here, then, sir, 11 $1 000 000 more expended in
1840 than will be needed m 1841
There are two other items, amorgst others, of re-
duced expendi'ure, nit ment onetl by the S cre ary
of the Tieasury, which gentlemen ( n the opposite
side, I am sure, will not d «pule Thi is he short
«esMon of Congress, aid we Mil con'inu  assem-
bled near y five months less lime than m 1840
This will produce a «avmg of not less than
$100 000 And, in look ng over the experditures
of the last year, I find that as large a =um was
exdended under old appropriations upon rners,
roads, harbors, and creeks. These appiopnauons,
m ist happily, are all exhausted, and unless Con-
gress authorize?, at the present session, new ex-
penditures on these objects, nene can be made
Here, then, is $600,000 that sbouM also be de
ducted from lad yeai's expendi'uie. We will now
carry out and foot the bill, and see whs'hsr the es
tímate of ihe 9ecre'?ry of the Trensur , that the
expenditures of 1841 may b  reduced some
$3 000 000, 1  ver/ extravagant
Cunentexpend t irus of 1840                                S"2 I 1 319
Deduct, for I'm
Public buildings                      S2010%
Pension*;                                   £'5S4 ^
Removal of Indiins &c            1 000 000
bhort sesión of Congress,          3 0 000
Road , harbori, &o                    30T 000
S11s31t-q4
Mr Tvvns-
Buf to all this the answer is realy at ban' Ad-
mittnglhat here are 'Pirs <f e weu4i ure ™Ki''h
caribe saved from th  <xo nd 1 ea tf lie last
ytar, th re are new chargei upon ihe Tiea try 111
1841 not uk n into coniputaiioi in the rr J  • sub
milled f >r itsexn r> litares Lett's) ok the 1, <n
the otner side of th  account, and es irmaU. ^e ex-
tent of these cha^g s
fNavv pension fund                       $130 Ofy
Mune cla ms                                 2 0 01)
Jrioridiv    1                                 IdJOOJI
. 0<w 11                                          300 0" 0
1 Po tpo el  a^nropuat or->  fir
t.    bin u   _ ' r il - mom                 1 500 003
Mr IlErr—           O iMa    n g appropriations,        10OO0O0O
Mr Thompson—   Po-.t effi e den lanry                    1500 000
feuca arj lb  it ms, v ilh tie $4 500 000 Treasu-
ry no es ut>rcdeem d, wh en matte up 'be ca cu a-
t on of indebtedne s t íese gen I leu 11 mv „g?i is!
th? Government
t might dispule Ibe cy, ens  foi th  navy persion
fund, becatt e 1 is as yet a uu í mi ht dispu e
trie Maine c?im, b°e<iu«e it is but a el'im Bat,
as I th nk that appropriations ought to be made for
these ob, U", Í will yield th «e iem« T>V Flori-
da war 1. ibeorly fo piidib'e <nar"e, not so mich
on account of , nv nherent difii ullyin ihe cise as
¡rom the vast sun,s which hive been already ei-
gulfed in Us prosecution However clear miy be
oar information, there wi 1 be a lingering appre-
hension that we may not comprehend or truly state
the dfinands this, wa. may require upon the Trea-
sury. The Territorial authorities, acting in combi-
nation with the authorities of the Government, tend
also to increase our confusion as to our eventual
liabilities We must allow for our doubts, as well
ps our information
There has been a demand made by the War De-
panment, of but $250,000, to pay the militia for
past services during the last year. This we will ad-
mit There mo t be a considerable sum due, on
the snme account, s nee the close of the last quar-
ter m September, when the financial reports were
made up to be submitted to Congress We will
doube the amount rcquned to pay past services,
and put it at $500,00  Bat it is s«id that, some
lime since, the Sicretary of War proposed to the
Committee of Ways and Means an appropriation
of $2 500,000 to carry on the ordinary operations in
Florida; a«d it s on ihis ground that the gentleman
from Mame estimates an expenditure of $1,500,000.
If he hid any reliance on in s proposal of the Se-
cretary, he ouaht to have gone the wnole $2 500, 
0O0 at once Bat I think the gentleman has
misapprehsnded the Secretary. This appropna-
lion 1  required by this department, to support vo-
lunteers, (1,500 mounted men, and 500 foot,) to
be armed, mourned and equipped, according to the
provision i of a bill when passed the S nate, and
was reported to this House last session by the Mili-
tary Committee It is not asked to support militia,
but volunteer , to be enlisted, according to the sug-
gestion <f General Jesup, and the provisions of
this bill, for tweKe months or during the war, as
permanent atljunci1- lo the riguiar army. Unless,
therefore, 5011 legis'ate Ihe authority, no such large
exp-nditu e can be made Butaadnnlting that the
appiopr nuen ia ask<>d to pay Ibe militia force
whehmn be employed duuug the ensuing year,
in prosecuting "h" war, does it follow necessarily
that the expense wiU be incurred' The militia can
b  cal'ed out into service but three months, and
are gentlemen sur' that, if now in service, they
will b" m service on Ihe 4 h of Mai eh nex ' and if
then ir> =rrvice, will they be called out by the suc-
ceeding President and be continued in service dur-
ing the j ear' The Indians, «iree the proposed ap-
propra'ion by th" Secr taiy of War, have been
brolnn up in iheir s'ronshold ,pnd are duly com-
ing n, whilst th= sjmmer heats are rapidly ap-
pmching, ul en mi'itary operaiior? must be sus-
penltd Although there arc 4 500 (four reguLr
iro pj in,, Florida, I do not say that two mil-
lions, or Une* t ui millions, may not be expended
durug the 5 ear, ti the pr '■cation of this war.
That will i'epend upo 1 tne succeeding Administra-
tion But I do S"y, that according to our present
iiitrmttion an) our future prospects, $750,000
w'll bii a fair est ma e for all its necessary expendi-
expenditijres
To  expense of taking \.^° censui, $500,000, and
the r-ostp ntd rpirc ona'ions ft r iortinoationr, of
$1500 000 nure, ar easily deposed of They
coa titu'e a p¡>r if t e ni'X item of $10,000,000
< cu ^ an n/ -p->npr ation , eh<tfg"d by th  gen-
tle ran in, 1 Tentifs  e, [Vir Bi.it,] as gentlemen
wi 1 eJ / looking over he list in the report of the
Secre dry of ihe ir^fcury We c me then at once
lo ihi= g ait 1 em of $!0,0f0 000 It constitutes
the ch ef argument -alnnj t ti eonly argument (for
wuhojt t no arg u ent not i lave b<"°n pre-
te-ded ) t f lid  * dn'^s 11 he G-i einrnciit, and a
dffci'" c> in rn Treas4<-v to-1 c want oí Ihe en-
uug ytar Í 1 iin c I w 1 show that to represent
tres' outs ar lira: ->p ro¡ na rs as 1 abilities upon
¡he Trea^ irj, for •« 1 ch =1 di lonnl means aie to be
prov d d beyoi d ii° new appi vpnaivm*, is  a gro s
fdllJC/
Gr ^t co (1 si n vith respict 'o ihis item, resul -
ing v s ne tvga*e from ihe lmpcfeot heading of
tK ■ c un> 111 the reports o the Secreta-y of the
Tf Uj,has been lepea'edly exhibited m Cin-
R'e" List jenr tneg-nt'em n from G 0 a a, [Mr.
Da%v .ok,] snu many o'htrs, in is'e I that ihib item
was so much money in the T c<=ury Now it is
insisted that it is a debt, to dr-charae which during
the year, rreans must be pio\ d A It is neither
the one nor the other It is seen m all our annual
reports, ranging from tes to twenty millions,   Last
