98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
S6th Cong-•••1st Sess.
rises exactly in proportion to oar opposition. And
all this we must do in the sacred name of honesty
and honor. Why, even supposing my colleague's
construction to be correct, and that there was a
distinet clause in the act of 1833, declaring that
the protected articles should ' have a discrimi-
nating duty in their iavor of 20 per cent, forever—
what moral princ.ple would bind us to its observ-
ance? We have declared, that in our opinion, all
discriminations made in our tariff, for the benefit
of manufacturers, are unconstitutional. Admitting
that former statesmen, filling the seats we now
occupy, had made legislative arrangements with
respect to this subject, which come in direct con-
flict with our views of the Constitution; could we
dare observe. them? The Constitution was over
them, as it it, over us; and we ate swoin here "to
maintain, protect, and defend" it The oath is
our own, and so must be its responsibilities. No
plea of the abandonment of others of their con-
stitutional duty, if they have done so, can absolve
us from our oaths, or exempt us from performing
ours. I assume no authority over the consciences
of others, nor will I usurp the high prerogrative of
judging them; but, for myself, I say, if I ever vote
for the imposition of discriminating duties for the
benefit of manufacturers, under the present Con-
stitution, I shall deem myself guilty of moral per-
jury.
Mr. Chairman, I am not singular in my con-
struction of the act of 1833. Several of the States
of the Sou h have taken the approaching adjust-
ment of the tariff into consideration, and have
passed íesolutions showing that, according to their
construction of this act, the piotective principle i,
tobe abandoned after 1842. Du.iig this v, inter,
Georgia and Alabamy have passed ie-olutions, (I
believe unanimously,) declaring a tariff recognis-
ing the principle of protection, is unconstitutional.
South Carolina has ako spoken "pon this subject;
and, as one of her Representatives, I have at-
tempted (although feebly) to give utterance here to
her opinions. On the 18th of December last, she
passed the following resolutions:
"Resolved, That the power given to Congress to
lay and collect taxes, duties, and imposts, does not
authorise Congress to collect money excepting for
revenue; and that a tariff to protect the industry of
one portion of the community, at the expense of
the other, is a violation oi thespuitand letter of the
Constitufton of the United States and, when such
a case occurs, the several S ates will decide for
themsdves the mode and measuie ot redress.
"Resolved, That the people of this State have
cause to congratulate themselves that the party
feuds which lately weakened the vigor orrs coun-
cil's, have happily ceased; tin I thai South Carolina
now presents to tap cnrmi.v of hi r policy and pcac >
auundividid front, and is piepated, a* she is re-
solved, to repel by proper means every ngiiresMon
upon her rights, a? a s.oveieigu Republic, thr
instant that aggiession is attempted "
Sir, thtre is no misundeistanding these resol't-
t ons, although they maybe disngarded, but >-c
assured oí one thing: word for word—in spmt and
in form—will they be íeJewned and enfoiccd by
that free and gallant people. It is not for me to
anticipate their course, m an emergency whuh
endangers their liberties, oi appeals to thei' ¡ion v
They will bo true to both; neilher dismayed by .be
frowns of power, nor duped by ihe faithlessness ol
unpnncipled cupidity.
SPEECH OF MR. YOUNG,
OI  It «¡SOW
In SiNiTr, MvniUy, Keh uary 1, 1841.
Mr. YOUNG adiliessed tr.e Senate as follows:
I rise, Mr. Presidedt, /i/r tl,j purpose of pro-
posing to amend ihe mo ¡on of the Senator <i. m
Kentucky, [Mr. Chittendí.j,,] lb recommit the bill
of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr Benton,] by
striking out all alter the word repott, in the second
line after the word resolved, and substituting ihe
proposition of the Senator from South Caiolma,
[Mr. Calhoun,] with two or thite sight altera-
tions, and an additional seciun, ulveh we e adopt-
ed with his concurrence, as a meamre j .st and
equitab'e to the old State?, and by far rtorc ac-
ceptable to the new than that of the Senator from
Pre-emplio i Law—Mr. Youns..
Kentucky, and against which neither, m my |udg-
ment, can have any reasonable cause for com-
plaint. I have waited, sir, in the hope that the Se-
nator himself [Mr. Calhoun] would, as on a for-
mer occasion, have brought it forward as thi; anta-
gonist proposition to that of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. CR1TTÜ.NDS.N,] upon which the proba-
bility now is we shall soon be railed to vote. I
trust, however, that he will continue to regard
himself as Us legitimate author, and, in case of
necessay, come forward to the rescue, an 1 defend
its principles, as he has heretofore done with ¡such
distmgu'shed ability, against all* assault", from
whatever quarter they  may come.
I feel myself impelled, Mr. President, as natter
of duty to ihe State which I in part repres-nt, m
consequence of resolutions of instruction adopted
by the General Assembly on this subject some year
or two ago, and which have not been repealed to
my knowledge, to bring this measure forwaid as
the one most desired by that State, and to urge its
adoption in the best manner I can, in preference to
any proposil'on whatever, which has lor its object
distribution simply; and which does not carry along
with it a just regard for the future settlement, po-
pulation, and advancing prosperity of the coun ry
¿mbraced wubm the limits of the new Stale.*. Sir,
m many respects, which I will endeavor to point
out before I sit down, I regard the consequences
involved m the proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Crittemd  n,] as decrdedly hostile to
the best interests of Illinois, at least, and that her
rateab e proportion of the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands would but poorly compásate for
the ínjuí íes th"«t would in th^ end be i f! c ed und r
the operauon of such a system. Bat 1 will com-
mence with the piopoMtion of the Sena'or from
South Carolina—and what, Mr. President, doea it,
when analyzed, propose?
1st. To dLpose ot the lands to Ihe new States in
which they ate situated, reserving, in their future
sales by those States, fixty-five per cent, of the
gross proceeds to the United States, the States be-
ing thereafter chargeable with the expense of com-
pleting the surveys, extinguishing Indian tules, and
for selling and otherwise managing the same.
2d. To secuie to principle of graduation in the
price, preemption to the settlers, and a final ces-
sion after nlimited period, of the refuse oi unsaleable
lands to the Sta'es in which they aic respectively
situated.
3.1 To ptovidc for the transfer of the evidences
of tule from the seat of the Federal Government to
the t>eats of government of the new States to which
they properly b'long.
4th. To provide foi the settlement of the conn-
try wjthout lcstnclioi), as well as the sale of the
land-., as a soutce of revenue to the United S'a'es.
5,h To remove the prohibition which restricts
the right of the purchpi.er to two quaiter quatter
sic'ions, or forty acre tracts only, and to permit the
entry of such traen, in future, in like manner as
other legal subdivisions of thr public lands.
Gth. To annul the restriction imposed upon the
new States by compact, by which they are prohi-
bited from taxing tue public lands for five years
after the date ol the purchase from the United
States.
7tb. To cede to the Sia'e of Tennessee all the
unappropriated lands belonging to the United Slates
within the limits ihereof, for the reason that they
are unsalable, and ol lit'le or no value to the
community at large.
And 8ih and lastly To set apart the sixty-five per
cent, secured to l« pi 1 to the United Sta'es, í->r
die exelusive purpose of increasing the navy, and
erecting fortjfu,uions lor the common defence of
the country
These, Mr Prtsid nt, are the leading features of
the measure oi>gi>ia ed by the Stnalor from South
Carolina sev< isl yeais <3go, and again presented by
him for our con-iderptioii at the present session.
Is it one with winch the oil States ought to be satis-
fied as a financial mea-iue)
The propositton comprehends within its entire
tcope, thedispoait>on of 154,497,765 acres of the
public domain. Of ilvs quantity, 1,776,210 acres
are situated in Ohio; 4 396,494 acres in Indiana;
19,059,797 acres m Illinois; 31,811,840 acres in
Senate.
Missouri; 19,910,140 acres in Alabama; 11,543,-
826 actes in Mississippi; 16,883,408 acres in
Louisiana; 29,988,734 acres in Michigan; and
28,027,304 acres in Arkansas.    In all, nine States;
' and a grand total of 154,497,765 acres, as before
stated, up to January 1st, 1840. This, sir, is the
quaauty, no more nor less, according to the last re-
gort of the Commi-sioner of the General Land Office
on.that subject. The lands in the Territories, and
those in the wide expanse of the West, extending
from Ihe western "borders of Missouri and Arkansas,
across the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific' ocean,
and to latitude 49 deg. north of the Territories of
Iowa and Wiskonsan, encircling within their
range by far the greater part of the public domain;
and by the estimate of which, the billions of acres
mentioned by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Cl y] are produced; still left subject to the existing
arrangement—to the .old, well tried, and well ap-
proved system of operation which has afforded the
occasion for so much eulogmm here of late, and
from a departure from which so much mischief
S2cms to<be apprehended. "Of every hundred'thou-
sand dollars arising from these sales, within the
limits of any one State, sixty-five thousand dollars,
free from all charge, is to be paid into the public
Treasury, and the remaining thirty-five thousand,
after paying for the completing of surveys, extin-
guishing Indian tides, salaries of officers, land of-
fice charges, and incidental expenses, is to. be paid
m'o the State Treasury. What these expenses
would amount to I have not the means of ascer-
taining; ihey would of course differ according to
ihe different condition of things in the several
States; but I presume that no Senator" will under-
take to ,s<iy that the residue, whatever it might be,
would be an unieasonable compensation to the
State for the service pieposid to be performed.
But it has been urged as an objection, that the
States might, and would, perhaps, refuse, upon set-
tlement, to pay over to the United States this sixty-
five per cent, of the proceeds of the sales, as pro-
vided foi; and the deposite act of 1836, by whieh
■ about $28,000,000 was distributed among the
Siates, although in form a deposite, has been cited
in illustration of the argument.
To obviate all difficulty arising out of such a
supposition, whether ill or well founded, it Í3 pro-
posed, instead of an annual adjustment of the ac-
count, as was provided in the original bill of the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun] to
make monthly payments as the sales progress,at the
most convenient poials, where the moneys of the
United States may be receivable. There is no oc-
casion, nor is it intended, that the sixty-five per
cent, shall go into the Stale Treasury at all. The
payments will continue to be made in all respects
as at present, by the receivers of the land offices,
and there will be the end of it, without further dif-
ficulty or adjustment.   For example, suppose there
■ is a land office in duincy, Illinois, the town of my
residence, and a Sub-Treasury, or a branch of a
United States Bank in St. Louis, Missouri. Now,
sir, all the receiver at Gluincy has to do, is to make
his deposites monthly, at St. Louis; take receipts
for the amount pail to the Sub-Treasurer or
Cashier, and the whole matter as to the Govern-
ment interest is in this simple but prompt manner
accomplished, without the necessity of any settle-
ment whatever; except that it may be proper for
the register and receiver of the land office, in ad-
dition to the reports which may be required by the
State, to forward duplicates of the same, to the
Treasury Department of the United States, or m
such other manner as may be stipulated as most
convenient and proper, by the parties concerned.
So much, sir, as to the matter of revenue, and so
much as to the security for its payment.
Now, Mr. President, for the advantages
which are supposed to result to the new States,
from the adoption of this amendment, ait con-
trasted with the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden ] Besides
the thirty-five per ceut. on the gross amount
of sales, the whole of the lands within the limits of
the new States, would immediately become subject
to their sole and exclusive jurisdiction, in regard to
occupancy, settlement, aad cultivation; the conflict
of jurisdiction between the United States and the new
