Jan. 1841.            ____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. '__________________JM
26th Cong—2nd Sess.                                            Pre-emption Law—Mr. Young                                                                      Senate.
It is i[so proper as a financial measure. Tha
de->t<aul< laud^, m ti> cou e ■. * few 3 h-, are
sold at one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre-
after which the sales become limited, and will not
much more than pay expense", the pnce is then re-*
dueed to one dollai per acre Ihs simulates the
settlers and others to make a further examination,
and the next best portion is culled and purchased,
and considerable addition is made to the revenue
The sales again relax, and a further reduction i,
made in the price with similar results, except, that
less and less quantities are purchased at each sub-
sequent reduction, until the sales of thos  which
are left will not pay for selling Tiis per od is
limited, by th' Sera'or from Soath Carolina, at
thi ty years as the time T>hen the quantity re fam-
ing unsold, after being culled and iecuifed, again
and again, should be ceded as refuse lands to the
States. Take the Siate of Ohio for example Ac
cording to the report of th° Commi'soner cf thf
Genera! Land Office, the sale? in that State for Ihe
first three quarters of the pa«t >ear (1840) amount
to $27,14b only, and the expenses of selling, &c
are stated a' $7 596—leaving a balance of $19 550
Yes, sir, less than twenly housand dollars Dur-
ing the same period, ¡he sales at the land office at
Zanesville amounted to $1,099, and the expensa of
selling $811—leaving a balance from that land dis-
trict oí $288 In the Cincinnati land district the
sales are stated at $803, and the expenses of selling
at $759—exhibiting a balanc  of $44, in the
Wooster district the sales amounted to only $50,
there having been within all that time but a single
forty acre tracts' Id, for $50, w hile the expenses of sel-
ling it amounted within the same period to $720, and
in the Steubenville district there we-e no sales at all,
where the amount of incidental expenses is stated
at $774 I will not refer to any of the other
States, althcuah I believe that the account from
the Sate of my friend from Mississippi, [Mr
Walker,] if looked into, would be found to be in a
very lean condition Now sir, do s not this state-
ment of facts, about which thsne can be no chspu e,
demonstrate, beymd controversy, to all who are
unprejudiced, that the time has arrived when these
lands, no longer profitable as a source of revenue
to the United S afes, should be ce ed '0 O'u ?
And for what, sir? That the State may apply stuh
poruons to he purpose of internal improvement and
education as can be made availab'e, and donate
the residue in small quantities to the poor, who
may not have the means of puriha ng even pt he
most reduced prices In the consummation 01 this
plan, also, me enure coun'ry will become se'ti'd'
the landa will all become taxable, and contribute
their due proportion of revenue to tne Statf, matead
of being held up by the Um ed States for an inter-
minable period, ux free, a id not eubjeot to settle
snent and improvement How iong are th"se un-
saleable refuse lands lo be held up under the present
system for a market? Connected wi h this sub
]ect, is the ) ¡portion to se 1 h"retf'er m quart 1-
quatter section , or for'y acr¿ Iract , wiinout ie-
striction—tne "a'es at present in fort} ace tracts
being limited te lno entries on y, to the "¡ame in
dividual—for what r ason I never bne.v, or could
undersland Th s privi'ege 1  to bj continued
with ihe graduation of the pnce so f>at t.? poor
est man in the ccuntry may, if he choose , b"u roe
a freeholder, nd ¡ro^e^d if a home v hich ' e
can cill his own Th  land bel n„ as; to ih 
United States, in he Store of T --necee, having
long since ceased to be rega'dtd a a 'onrce of re-
venue, shonU, m like m-mrci, as m t>e easp "r
Ohio, but for sfi i s ranger roa^on , b° ced J s that
S ate without further deL-15
The Senator from South C rtlinaal-o proposes
to provide for the tr?nsfer of the ev d nee of ti le
from the se t of tne Feleral Gov riment 10 th-
sea s of Government oí the itev Sates, to nhich
they properly appertain This, sir, is a,i«o ¿n <m
portant provisi n, tor not! mg can be "ive dis ra
ble tha  to have me ti les t> real t? ate—th?t p' -
perty whicn, above ait oth«, constitutes tne per-
manent wealth of a S'ate, fiom its immovable
character and ni ural tercency to advance in va-
lue— within the reach of every man who rray be
interested in them, so that he can refer to them
with convenience, and procure duplicates m case
of loss or accidtnt, a' a comparatively small ex-
pense.
It is also pronosed by the amendment wluch I
have ofieie'l, to annul the restriction-imposed upon
the new States by compact, by which they are pro-
hidted from taxing the lands for ./¡tie years after the
date of the purchase from the United S'ates I
have shown, sir, in ihe progress of my remarks,
that the State of Illinois has already lost, in the
wayofre"enue upon the lands sold within her
limits, $1,136,560 by this restriction, and without
any advantage whatever to the United States, and
whit she will lose by its continuance, upon those
that are unsold, which are stated at more than nine-
teen mill ons of acres
Si ffice it to ?av, Mr President that in our pre-
sent indebted condition, a repeal of this restriction
upon the taxing power of the States, is imperiously
d-minded, and ought not longer to be withheld. I
believe, sir, that I have stated and gone through
with the leading features of ihe proposition of the
Senato' from South Carolina, and have endeavored,
in my plain way, to illustrate, by facts and argu-
ment, the advantages which will, in my judgment,
result from us adoption to the community at large,
the old Slates as well as ihe new.
But, «ir, I have said that if the distribution
scheme succeeds are we not also in danger of hav-
ing th3 price of the lands raiced upon us1? Was not
such a proposition made by an honorable Senator
her?, [Mr Prentiss,] who never moves except
upon due consideration, at the session of 1837 '38?
And what said the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr Wbsster. ] who stood nobly by us
on that occasion, as he has done on many other
occasions, when it was made? Mr. Webster
said
'It has been pi nosed also so to amend the bill (the pre
emption bill oí 1R34) as to require tilt the settler in addi
Hon to the doliit and a quarter per arre, should pay one half
of the actual \ al 10 of the Ian 1 above that sum tun value to
le a^cevta nt 1 1> tppraseie appoirted by tie reg «ter of the
land office I rouli po agiee to this amendment because, m
the firnt place we have never adopted the principle of selling
lands on aporais nient H ¡t secoi.dly and mainly because if
these settler? hav hal any giound or reason to eTpecta pre
emption n^ht ftom Congress (which is the substantial foun
uation of the bi ]) they have had and now have, reason to
cy.[ ert it on the "ame let ms on which ft has been granted to
othetfc
What more, sir, could have been said upon the
subject   ercopt to ask the S nafor who moved Ihe J
proposition, if they were more valuable than $1 25 ¡
pi r ?ce, who made them so?   I h, ve introduced it
to show to."' fears m mis respect are not entirely
with ul foundation
Put as? n, sir, if Consress snould pass a law to
0 stnoj'i trie proceeds of the sales of th° lands
among th" States, 15 it not virtual y the same thing
as parcelliia out the 'and itself among the Stales' It
ceases to be 'egatded as a source oí revenue, and
the States a)< ru, are interested in making the most
of it Would not such an arrangement in fac ,
abrogate the comparts by which the new States
have agreed no' to ¡sx the lands during their own
e"*T p 0} tie United State?, ,(nd for five years after
they >al1 have h en scld? Has it not been con
tended nere, net by one, two, or three, but masy
Sena ors on the opposite side of ihe chamber, that
th" object lor which these lands were originally
-rar-ted by V remia and other State , having been
fu'filei, tney retert ts the sramors or to the
S at s at large and are now held by the United
S ites in ih ir ai greg ite capacity a* a trust estate,
an? lo be dispo °d of according!}? Sir,'he whole
n t er of nwnersh p accoiding to their arguments,
has bfcon e radically and entirely changed The
lands ¡We become a trust estate, Congress the
ttustee, End the States, o'd and new uic usive, the
ces'w (¡me trust Tney are no longei the property
of tne UniUd S ?'es Now, sir, if this oe the case,
í c-Ven , that from t' e moment <uch a bill pas.es,
t "se compio's v ill ceas- to operate, a" d that the
new S lies wil' have the right to lrnpi .'atan upon
all he IjucK wi hii tn-ir respective limits Sop-
pt.se, Mr Preside >t, instead of disinbuting t*-e
proceeds of the saje , Vac lands themselves,
(Rlich is the s^rae tmng n prmcip'e,) .hould
I e pa-cMled out arong the S ates, and we «hou t
ha\e a Notth Carolina reserve, a Conn'Ci-
cut reserve, a Vermont reserve, a Kentucky
reserve, and since my friend from Pennsylvania,
who sits near me on the right [Mr. STORaBOtj] has
ieceived his distribution instructions, which were
introduced this morning, I suppose we must als 
have a Pennsylvania reserve; and so on wills
reserves for each of the twenty-six S'aiea
composing the entire Union; what, sir,
would be the effect of such a partition? Would
not the whole of these lands become immedi-
ately subject to taxation by the new States
respectively in which they are situated? And where
is the difference in principle, whether you distribute
the land or the money arising from ¡he sale of ihs
land? Is thiS semblance of ownership by the United
Sta'es to be kept up as a pretext to avoid such tax-
ation? And are the new States to be frightened by
this shadow of ownership when the substance has
departed? I hold, therefore, Mr President, that if
a distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands should be made as proposed by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den] that no arrangement will be just and «quita-
ble to the new Stales, which does not make a pro-
per allowance for the amount of taxes which would
accrue from time to time on all the lands thereaf-
ter sold within their limits, for the purpose of dis-
tribution, and which, independent of the restric-
tions I have mentioned, would be subject to taxa-
tion as other lands.
It is nevertheless true, s,r, that Ihe pre emption
principle is engrafted on the amendment of ths
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden] and I
have no doubt of his sincerity and willingness to
grant pre eruptions in some form, provided they go
hand in hand with distribution, but not otherwise,
if we mayjudge from his former opinions as ex-
pressed upon that subject Although there is a re-
i net on imposed upon the right of the pre-emption-
er, by limiting the privilege to a particular class,
not wnrlh exceeding a thousand dollars, and the
quantity cf ]and stated at three hundred and
twenty acre , stilll it has not assumed the
form and features of a bill, and may not be
all if would seem to be, when it comes to
be run out into the details For instance, are
aliens and foreigners, hot naturalized, to be included
within its scope or nol? Will it be prospective m
its operation, and will the sett'ers be permitted, as
heret fore, to settle upon the unsurveyed lands,
and such as have been surveyed and not brought
into market, or not? And if «o, will they thereby
become entitled to the right of p,e emption or not?
These, s r, and many other such considerations,
ought not to be overlooked in a measure of such
conseqaenc* to the people of the new States and
tbe Te'rniries whore=ide there,and foal! such as
de«ue to go there for the purpose of procuring
homes for themselves and families. They have not
bjtn overlooked n ihe bill introduced by the Sena-
tot from Mis oun, [Mr. Bentoh,] which is fair in
features and full in all its proportiors Will the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr Crittenden] consent
to such a pre emption la-v as tb>?
Bat, Mr President, I desire to say something on
the subject cf aliens—of such foreigners as have
emigrated to and become inhabitants of the new
States, and who are so unfortunate as not to be
na'urali7ed according to the laws of the United
States Are these alien? to be admitted or not to
the benefits intended to be conferred by your [Mr
Crittenden's] proposition? It would seem not, if
the vote laken a few dajs ago on the amendment
propo'ed bv the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Mangom,] is to be re?arded as an indication of
what may be experitd from the advocates of dis-
tribution Mi Mjingum moved to amend the bill,
[Mr Benton's,] by excepting al ens from itspro-
vi ions, when the vo e stood as follows*
Yeas—Mtssis Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Cr"tenden, Dixon, Graham, Huntingdon, Knight,
M>ngum, Merrick, Prentiss, Preston, and Ruggles
—12
jSA-ss—Meserj Allen, Anderson, Benton, Clay
o' rV'abama, Fu'ton, Hei atrson, Hubbard, King,
Lurif, Lumfkm, Moutoi, Nicholas, Norvel!,
f'ieice, Porter, Roane, Robinson, S vier, Smith of
Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, S'urgecn, Tal! 
madge, Tappan, Walker, Wall, Williams, Wright,
aod Young—30
Sir, what did the honorable Senator ftom Masía-.
