m____________             APPENDIX TO Tm COfrGHfeSglONAi GIQSfe._______________Jan. 1841,
g&ra Coítg""2n  Sess.                                           Pre-emption Mil—Mr. Young.__________________________________________Senate.
chusetts [Mr. Webster] say on this subject, when
a similar proposition was made to exclude foreign-
ers, in 1838, by the honorable Sena'or from Mary-
land, [Mr. Merrick] if my memory serves me.
And here I beg leave again to read from the speech
ot the honorable Senator on that occasion. Mr.
Webster said:
"It has been proposed to amend this bill, [the pre emption
bill of 1838,] so as to limit its baneflts to native or naturalized
citizens of the United States Although 1 have been heretofore
disposed to favor such a proposition, yet, on the whole, I thmk it
ought not to pass, because such a limitation has been altogether
tmknown in our general system of land soles and to introduce
It here, where we are acting on rights already acquired, would
be both invidious and unjust"
And in reply to bis honorable colleague, [Mr.
Davis,] he farther remarked:
"My colleague complains, also, that the hill holds out great in-
ducements to foreigners to come among us and settle on the
public lands He says it is an invitation to the nations of Eu
rope to open their work houses, and send huhei all their pau
pers Now; air, m all candor, is this the just character of the
Mil Doss it propose any change In our law in respect to fo
reignersl Certainly it does not Always a foreigner could
come here, always he could buy land at the minimum price,
always he stood on an exau footing of equality, m this jmrticu
lar, with our own aniens And would my worthy colleague
now make a difference hy tins bill! II two settlors aie found
on the frontier, each on hie own quarter section, each with a fa
nlily, and each living under a roof erected by his own hands,
arid on the produce of fields tilled by h s own laboi, the one a
citizen, and the other n forelgnei not yet naturalized, would my
colleague make a difference, and conni m the settlement of one,
and break up that of the othert No, 1 am sure, sir ht would do
nosuUithing His sen e ol justice and hisgood feeling would
revolt ftom such a eourso of action as quick as those of any liv
ing human being "
And what belter reasons could be given than that
St would be a limitation altogether unknown in our
general system of land sales, and that such a dis-
tinction would be invidious and unjust—and espe-
cially in the State of Illinois, where they are ex-
pressly permitted by statute to purchase, hold, and
transmit real estate in all respects as citizens.
But, Mr. President, my principal object in again
introducing loreigners not naturalized, at tins late
period in the debate, is to reply more fully to the
remarks of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Ciay]
and Ihe Senator from Worth Carolina [Mr. Gra-
ham] in íespect to the constitutional power ol a
State, and paiticularly cf the State ot Illinois, to
prescribe the qualifications of such persons as ¡.hall
be admitted to the right of suffrage in the election
of members to the most numerous branch of the ,
State Legislature, and consequently in the elections ,
to be held for members of the House of Represen-
tatives in Congress; who, by the Constitution of the
United States, particle 1, section 3,) are required to
possess the sume qualifications. I understood both
Senators to say, that a State had no power to admit
an alien to vole, unless he had be<n previously
riaturali/"d according lo the Constitution and laws
«f the United Slates, and the Senator (torn Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] went tardier, and said, that he
had been informed ihat the foieigu vote in Illinois,
that is, of persons not naturalized, which he de-
clared to be illegal, had given the preponderancy
to Mr. Van Buren in lha late election lor President
in that State. Now, sir, it ihe result of the elec-
tion in Illinois is to be attributed to this foteign
vote, all I have to say is, that the Senator'  in-
formant knows much more about the matter than
1 do. In the county in which I leside, there are
many Germans, emigrants from foreign lands, who,
I am informed, are not naturalized. Their vote was
divided at the late election, but in what proportions
I am unable to say. I also understood that there
were many foreigners, not naturalized, among the
Mormons, who voted, and who voted as they had
a right to do, almost without exception, ¡or General
Harrison. A large majoruy ol the foreigners on
the line of the canal, I suppose, (but of this I am
entirely uninformed,) voted the Democratic
ticket. How they voted in other parts of the Stale,
X knew not Wuh such a slate of things, where,
from their nature, it must te exceedingly difficult,
if not impracticable, for any one to know who was
naturalized, and who not, what number voted, and
what not, on what side the vote of this one and that
one, individually, was cast, how can any one un-
dertake to say, with any degree of cena nty, that
the result was produced by that or other causes?
SiF, there are certain men m this world who al-
ways have a cause when defeat overtakes them,
(as I will presently undertake to prove in regard to
the defeat oí Mr. Van Buren, and with him, the
Democratic party ) who would assign very different
reasons if the vie ory had declared in their own fa-
vor, and against the enemy.
But I come back to the question as to the right
of a State to qualify aliens to vote, wnhout previous
natural zation according to the acts of Congress.
The Constitution ef the United States, art 1, sec
2, provides "that the House of Representatives (in
Congress) shall be composed of members chosen
every second year by the people of the several
States; and the electors m each State shall have the
qualifications requisite for electors of the most
numerous branch of the State Legislatures."
That "no person shall be a representatives (in
Congress, who shall not have attained to the age of
twenty-one years, and been seven years a citizen
of the United States, and who shall not, when elect-
ed, be an inhabitant of that State in which he shall
be chesen "
It is provided by the same article, section 4-
"That the times, places, and manner of holding
elections for Senators and Representatives (to Con-
gress) shall be prescr bed in each S'ate by the Le-
gislature thereo , but the Congress may at any
time, by law, make or alter such regulations, ex-
cept as to the place of choosing Senators."
In section 5, of the same arucle, it is further pro-
vided that "each House shall be the judge uf elec-
tions, returns, and qual fications of us own mem-
bers." And in section 8, of the same article, it is
provided that "the Congress shall have power to
establish a uniform rule oí naturalization through-
out the United Stales "
These, Mr President, are all the provisions m
that instrument which have any relation to this sut
ject. Thus it will be seen that the qualification of
persons who may be elected to the House of Repre-
sentatives in Congress, is prescribed, fixed, and
limited by the Constitution of the United States,
while the power is reserved to ihe States to prescribe
§tlie qualifications of the electors, by whom they aie
to be chosen, undei the 10th article of the amend-
ments to t'ie Constitution, if there be a doubt,
which declares that "the powers not delegated to
the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibit-
ed by it to the States, are reserved to the States re-
spectively or to the people." And tins has been
uniformly the practice since the commencement of
the.Grovernment, under its present form of Admin-
istration.
Mr. President, I have, in reference to this ques-
tion of Slate right, examined all the Constitutions
of the Stati s, Rhode Island excepted, which seems
lo be «till vi i kin-r under the old charier grante 1 by
his Royal \ <!ji ,v King Charles the Second, of
Engl mil, imI 1 find that, m every lnstincc, the
qual lie.1 ion of ckitois ft r members to tne Slate
Legisla u-cs, has been prescr bed exclusively by
the States, and that many of them do not lequue
citizenship as essential, or at all necessary in con-
stituting ihe elective franchise In fifteen of the
States, to wit. Maine, New York, Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Virginia, South Carolina, Georgia,
Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Louisiana, Missis.ippi,
Missoun, Alabama, and Arkansas, the word "citi-
zen" is employed as a necessary qualification. In
four of the States, to wit Massachusetts, Vermont,
Maryland, and North Carolina, the word "free-
men" is used, and "citizen" omitted. In New Jer-
sey, "all inhabitants" of full age, worth <£50, pro-
clamation money, with twelve months' residence, are
entitled to vote—under which description of all in-
habitants, I understand the ladies m that S ate for-
mal) claimed and exercised the privilege of vot-
ing, and had great influence in controlling the le-
sult of the elections In Cinnecticut, all "jree-
men," at the adopuon of their Constitution, and
such as become "citizens" afterwards. In Ten-
nesse, every free white man, being a ' ciU7"n" of
the United States, with six months' residence, wuh
^proviso that no person shall bu disqualified from
voting on account of color, who is By ihe laws of
the State a competent witness in a court of justice
against a white man. Under this proviso, I un-
derstand that certain persons of color are permitted
to vote m that State. The Senator from Tennes-
see [Mr. Anderson] says, that persons of color
are excluded by the new Constitution of that State.
They were permitted by the old, and it was to that
I had reference, not having seen the new ore In
New Hampshire, the expression male "inhabi-
tants," excepting paupers, is employed.
In the State ot Michigan it is provided r at—
"tn all elections every white male citizen above twenty one
years of asre, having resided in the Stale six months next pie
ceding any ehction, shall be entitled to vote at such election
and emy white male inhabitant of the age aioresatd, who may
be a resident of the State at Ihe time of the signing of this Consti
tuuon, shall have the right of \ourg as aforesaid "
And m the Stale of Illinois, it is provided that—
1 In all elections, ill white male inhabitant  abot e the age of
twenty one yeais having resided in tht State six months next
preceding the election, sliall enjoy the light of an elector, but
no peiuon shah be permitted to vote, except in the county or
district in which he shall actually íeside at the time ol th~
election "
And m the schedule of the Constitution of that
State, it is further provided tha'—
"All white male inhabitants-above the age of twenty one
years, who shall be ic/ual residents of this State at the signing of
this Constitution, bhall htve aliaht to vote at the election to
boheldon the thud llmratlay, and the two following da} s of
September next "
Which corresponds with a similar provision in
the Constitu'ion ot the Slate of Michigan Be-
sides the Slate of Tennessee formerly, New York,
Mame, and perhaps several other of the States,
have, in like manner, conferred the right of suf-
frage on persons of cdor, with ceriaiu property qua-
lification~; and I saw, m a recent publication by
one of the Northern member  of the other House,
that he attributed his defeat in the last election to
this same colored vo'e. The States also differ in
many oiher respects, some requiring property qua-
lification, some more or less time as to residence,
and others that they should have paid taxes, etc.
In regard to Michigan, it is evident beyond contro-
versy, that the words "citizen" and "inhabitant,"
were intended to be used in a very different sense,
and to apply to a very different description of per-
sons. It is certain th.it the woid "inhabitant" was
intended to include all peisons, natives, aliens, and
all, whether naturalized, or not, who uere resi-
den'* ot the State at the signing of Ihe Cuiblitulion,
while it is equally certain that a limitation was ma-
p'led in the wo'd citizen upon tho e to come af-
terwards. And this Constitution was ratified by
Congress as being in conformity with the require-
ments of the Constitution of the Um'ed States.
But I nndeistood the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr Giuham] to say that there might be a sort of
special naturalization in this constitutional way,
while the general power was withheld from the
States. Sir, the language of the Constitution of «he
United States is, that "Congress shall have ihe
power to establish a uniform i ule of naturalizat t n"
only, so that a special naturali,-"iion, as supposed,
would le without autho i j Anil holjftrlher,
that sf this power of pre mbing qualifications cf
electors belongs not tj the S ates, and that na'ura-
lizatwn is a necessary p er^quisUe, that it can no
more be conferred by the adoption of a State Con-
stitution containing such an exception, from the
uniform rule, than in any othei way It follows of
course, from the practice of Congiess, and univer-
sal usage in all the Slates, that the comtruction al-
ways has b^en that ths power resided in the States.
This, sir, has been the construction of the Consti-
tution of Illinor , and foreigners, although not na-
tura'ized, but «ho have become inhabitants of thr
State for six months previous to an election,
have always been allowed to vote. The ques-
tion with us has been, not as to the right
of the State to p'esenbe (he qualifications of
her electors, but wheitur, in Ihe employment of
the woid "inhabitants," m cur Constitution, it was
m'endf d that foreigner, not natuiahz^d, should be
entit'ed to vote But, sir, we went farther than
this, as I mentioned in 'he course of a ft w remarks
I made on this subject-nme days ago. In respect
to the qualification of Go ernor, it was provided
in the body of tr¡e Constitu'in, tna' he should be
at least thirty years of age, t ave been a citizen of
the United States tbirty years, and two 5ears a re-
sident in the State, and the Lieutenant Governor
was required to possess the same qualifications.
Now, sir, in order to qualify a particular individu-
al for this second office, who stood prominent as a
man of integrity and benevo'enee, but who was a
native of Canada, (Col. Pierre Menard of Kaskas-
kia,) it was provided m the schedule of the Consti-
tution, that any person, oí thirty years of age, who
