Jan. 184Í.                              APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
26th Cong—2nd Sess.
is a citizen ot the Vt> ed States, and has re.ided
two years withm fh.3 hrm s «f the State next pre-
ceding the election ¿hall b el ¿ibi  to he office of
Lieutenant Governor, any thing in Ai  Corst tu
tion contained notwithstanding. Well, sir, he was
put upon the ticket wi h Col Bond, who was no-
minated for Governor, aHhojgh they were of oppo-
site politics, and continued to be so, as long as
Gov. Bond lived, ana both were e'ecWd by
the unanimous vote oí the peop'e, without
opposition, and both made exce'lent officers
To give you an inst?nc  of bis plain but honest
blutitne=s, I «ill mention an occurrence which hap-
pened during a time when he was, by virtue of his
office of Li uter>ant Governor, presiding as Speaker
of the Sena'e In 1820,  e made a State bank
upon a capital of cred t an i confidt nee, (specie be-
ing rather a scarce article at the time,) as a mea
sure of relief to the rropl , it being a time of great
pecuniary embarrassment, and to make its issue.
the more acceptable &s a circulating medium, a re-
solut on. was offered re questing the Secretary of the
Treasury to make it land office m ney Colonel
Menard had been \try much op^o^ed to the crea-
tion of this bank without a specie capital So,
when the resolution came up for adoption <n the
Senate, he rose, evidently out of humor, ind said,
in his broken English—' Gentlemen, as it your
wish, and it is my du'y, I will p u de question—
but I bet any man li'ty dollar he no made land of-
fice money " And t e Colonel was righ1, it was
not made land office money, and üeprec ated as
low at one time as four for oae
But the Senator fiom North Caro'wa [Mr. Gra-
ham] objects to the right of a State to permit aliens
to vote, for the reason that it will give an undue
proportion of represen'ation in the general appor-
tionment of political po ver among the Sts>'es, and
especially in the Sta'cs where they an- not admit-
ted to the nghi of suffrage. Tms, sir, it> an objec-
tion easily answered, by refere,nc 'o artic'e 1, sec-
tion 9, of the Constitution of the TJ ited S a'es
which provides, trwt ' repte i-ntatives i-nl cirect
taxes shill be apportioned anion  the seve-al States
which may be included m this Union according to
their respective numbers, which shall be deter-
mined by adding to the whole number of free per-
sons, including those bound to service for a term of
years,, and excluding Indians not taxed, three-
fifths of all other persons "
It is the number of persons of all descrtpt ons,
then, according to the enume ation which shall be
made at stated periods, and not ti e number of
vofers, which is to regulate the relative di*lnbu ion
of power among the State
Mr. President, this woil "citizen" ^eii' ir r
all to have a veiy indefinite meaning la iU or ¿i-
nal acceptation, according to the Fiench Dictiona-
ries, it signified an ' an inhabitant or freeman of a
city." The natives of a city as contradistinguished
from foreigners. According to Mr Web>tei's large
quarto, it means technically in the United Staler, "a
person native orna urali/ed, who has thepnub gp of
exercising the elect*/e franchise," or th  qoahfica-
tionswhich enab'ebim to vol- for rulers, andto pur-
chase and hold rtal estate To "citiz-n z ," is to
make a "citizen," to admit to the rights and privi-
leges of a c ize i, pi d he give, as an cxampl",
that "Talleyranl v as c tiz nized in Pennsy vjn a,
when there m the firm ot < n cmigiant "
So that it feems tnat the ^t 'e of PennSjlvania,
at least m this instarce, if it be eoireU, undeitook
for herself, and did citizenis:-, butior what purr ose
is not stateH, a foreign erriarant, v\ h u> th^ccn-
cunent authority of the Uni ed S ite=
From this cireunuunce, it ajpo-'s, that there
may be citizen's of a Smte, vvho aie r>ot en zens of
-the United States
I come now, Mr. President, to consider of the
causes which, in my jadsment, more than any otn r,
led to the late defea' of Mr Van Burén, andwi h him
the overthrow, for a time, of the Democra'ic part}.
Our troubles, sir, commenced with the celebrated
year of 1836, ajearlong to be remembered by those
who have been attentive to the political events of
the times, as being fraught with more mischief, and
bringing in its tram mois evils, moral and pecunia-
ry, than any which had preceded it, and it is to be
hoped, any which has, or may come after it,   It
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Young.
was durug .tl.i je r mo'e thai aiyoh i 1 A '
S'atP'-, corpora ions and no. ; i'ui «, alike hce Ue "
of the future, rushed heading and madly into the
broad vortex of speculation, and many have been
swamped and left mm g in the quiek^ands Yes,
sir, wide spread, desolating ruin has been the ccn-
sfquence It was during this year, that the im-
porte of meichandise from foreign countries ran
up to the extraordinary sum of 189,080,035 dol-
lars, 40 millions of dollars mo'e than any pre-
ceding year, and nearly 28 millions of dollars
more than any year succeeding. While the ex-
ports from the United S'ates to U reign countries,
for that year, were only 127,603 040 dollars-
showing a balance of nade against us, for that
year alone, of the enormous amount of 62,316 995
of dollars The sales of the publ c lands, a'«o,
suddenly run up during that year to the sum of
25,167,833 dollars—being 9,168 029 dollars more
than any year preceding, and 18,160 310 dollars
more than the "-ales of any subsequent j ear.
The sa'es, Mr. President, for this memorable
year of 1836, exceeded few millions of dollars m
the S'ak. of Illinois alone. And so it was with
every thirg Tae delusive phantom of specula-
tion seem d to have taken comp'ete possession of
the human mind, and our extravagance and folly
not only astonished and alarmed ihe sober minded
and refecting of our own countiy, but al1 Eur >je
for a time stood still, and looked upon our rapid"
movements towards wealth and fortune with « on-
der and amazement. Why,sir, during this period,
the sp culators m the public lands, in many in-
stances, m their haste to become rich, looked only
to the maps in the land offices to see what was va-
cant, and s vopt it all, goo-i, b\A, and ind feient,
(i r I would be m^r  correct if I sboul 1 spy, ihe
h, d, worse, and still more indiff"rert ■■<? ihf <r id
had, for he nos' part, b[en nk'i b fi o) ha \\ s
s bjpitto pr va e e'U>, 'ar and r i ]<, ,-w>rpp1
sTd ridge-, en 1 «11, a  o wh it are Vy no ' No
wonder th n, that the SeniiorfromK n'nc' y [Mr
Cía""] ran ho t by figures ind by fa< s, thatminy
of the lands which were some veat- brice that
time reported by the lard office's as bem-* of hule
va'ue, have since be*n so'd at one dobar and
twenty five cents ner acre To give you ai ex-
ample of this sjsem of ^pecjlation, and of i's
ruinous consequences, I need on y to refer io the
case of the New York anl Boston Il'incis Lmd
Company. This, sir, is perhpps the nvst we?!thy
company of the kind in the United St  " I' is
ccmpo^el, for fre moít pnt, oí gc^'eei n rf fo -
tune, who ate still wea'ihy, notwithstanding their
lo es upon their invertir en s n'his sto k Treir
pu ch i^ps, I i  1 evi, eveeedíd a mill on of i l-.,
and .heir lai ds are of average good aual t), many
of them are considered as, among t! e very host
lands in the State, and what has been the re
suit of their opeiauons? Whv, «-ir, w h mist
of their l^nds on hand, still unsold, with a
Urge amount of taxes annually to p->j upon
them, their stccT i  do >i to thirty ceits
m the doll-T, notftith landing it <s o-ick-d b snno
of them >st subs "dial well h in th  roí rt y Pu h
bug th" facts in regí d io th s weal hy lam to -
p^ny, wiat mu^t they be \s i h if >t a e i r -'ass < f
mdivid u s who speculated c\ lu ívf-ly on r> rn \
btrr wed Oom tKe t an! s, anl uhis^ puohies
«er1 in the general 1 mitpd to h nd^ of míen r qua-
\\\1   Sr corrrent is unnec-.^^ary
Ard nov, Mr P es den', for the j>ppltcttion.
Umvprsal pecun ary embatrissment had ^e zed
upon many pans of theíountrj, brote i sfpcnli-
tors and oeb'or-, rf every cUss and otgree, aid 1 e-
1 ngmg to every part}, had in m¿>ny instances i~e-
eirae ds*perate, and c led out foi a change' Yes,
sir, 0 is magic w'l 1 frange ' cha>-gen vssiung
from the mountain tops, and eched thnu: <ht
val'eys, and this it was tnat, in my ] dar"'nt, led
to our defeat, an I no' the machination;, of the
cankers in ThreaJncdle ot Lombard s reels in
Lont'on, or in Wall Sireet, in New York No,sir,
many were m debt, and hoicles*ly m debt, v ahcut
some great a il extrairdmaiy caanse, wh'ch could
not be anticipa el m oidmarj g od timev, when
men are expected not only to support 'h°ir families,
but al-o to pay their deb's, I y a prudent and eco-
nomical srrargement of their bus nesss and an w-
Senate.
dUo.noas application to their occupation, whether
it be that 11 merchant, lawyer, doctor, farmer, or
mechanic To all such—I speak in the general—
this changebeeime desirable, asa measure of relief,
for the reascn, as was stated, that they could not be
worsted; and lhat peradvemure something aught,
in th  course ef coming events, tarn up for the bet-
ter. Sir, I will give you an instance of this feel-
ing in a ca?e which, I am informed, occurred in
my own county. An individual who, on many
accounts, had been regarded as a prominent mem-
ber of the Democratic party, and who still professed
to belong to it, said to one of his neighbors that he
had not vcted for either of the candidates for the
Presidency. Upon bi<¡ neighbor expressing some
astonishment, and asking the reason why he had
not voted, he replied by way of excuse, "that in
common with many of his neighbors, he had been
imprudent and was m debt, and, although it was
still in accordance with his principles that Mr. Van
Buren should be elected, that be believed it would
be tohs interest that Geneial Harrison shoaldbe
elected, and that between jnmcipk and mtc est he
had stood still, and had n<-t voted." And thus it
was with thousands and tens of thousands, who
not only "stood still," but voted for the enemy. I
use the word enemy with no invidious or reproach-
ful meaning Well, Mr. President, our opponents
have succeeded m bringing this change about as a
great relief measure, and by unprecedented majori-
ties, as is generally tbe case with such miasures;
an I let them take heed that it does not, like nwt
other measures of relief, be found upon experiment
not to answer tha pubbc expectation, and ' kethem.
doomed, in case of disanpomtment, to very short
duia'ion 'W io, Mr. President, of the West, has
forgi tten the lu-tory c f my native State, of your
oviti State, (Kentucky) and in jour own times,in
reji1d to thrs? «amc measures of relief, and who
d es rotreco If if rapidi'y 'udi uh eh they suc-
<c«sively pi^ed away. In 1816 or 1817, the Le-
pislalute of tha< S ate chartered the e-ieb'-ated hl-
íroflanks f ity-t ¡o in number, as a measure
of relief, and what became of them1 Gore,
sir, to the tomb of the Capulets. They ex-
ploded one by one, and in the space of a few
short years, not one of all was left to tell the story
of their misf irtunes. And yet, sir, this measure
was popular m its day Then followed the slay
and i eplcvy law, tht]old and new court (mentions, and
tne di asters which "be*el thtm, had, for a time, well
nigh demolished the en'ire judiciary system of the
Sato Ho* w?s i , «ir, m ll'inoi", the State ot
mj a'option? In 1830, our clj Sta o bank (long
sine evp'oded i"d now almost forgotten) was e*-
'a h 'icd as t measure of relief, it had no other ca-
pí al iban cred t and confidence, for we had no mc-
n-y, and its notes were piyabla m ten years.
It w<s, nevpr'beless, a measure called for by the
p >p slai voice Mr Pre* dent, its story is soon told
its m.te« veiy seen diprec ated as low as/owr for
ene—'ha Supreme C urt of the State declared it
u onsti utional, and tne Stile lost ore hundred
th j a id di'lar by uf expLritreit, and had, m
ti   n !, 11 b rri J h't amount o make good the
d- i-tt In m', judgment, Mr. Pre ideni, alt
r^ k f laws whieh írnerfeie be'ween debtcr
anl c eJitoi, n respect to the r cc.ntr.icts, are
I -ot'iiPtive of m  chit t Tn y de doy punctu hty
n < alms, eor,utit'he rr> r-l', am. make raen s°i k
for afvanta«es w'wu tney w otild not think of, ard
of \ ni(h th \ wou d he i<>h"nied, undc o'her cir-
curn t nc"', bv afordi"" th s ort of Jtgat ercou-
rpg neit, á i'er lhe sedjctne form of measures of
r 'I ' ^V h£ t'iei ¡his cha ige of mlers, a id with it
a chir gp m t ie administration of the Go/ernmen',
ps ? sreat rreasjre of relief to the coun'ry, will or
v n< t rrovc t0 be an C!r('fí, i0n ,0 tiie ru e' re"
nv n jet to be tried But I can tell the <-cntle-ren
v bo ar> opposed to us, in ihe hr>"uagt of the Se-
t>at>r f>-om A kansa«, [Mr SrviER,] with whom I
per cct v <"gree on this suoj ct, that much vil1 be
exnev-U-d, that money must be male «o j l ntiful as
sea cc'v tote worh tie ?s' ipg fer ¡ , that every
man must have h s pockets fnlel a id to give away
if he chooses, tha  tt e banks are to throw opri
thsar vaults, that each iv?i lotiO v wnat he pleases,
witl out having to work for it, and without being
under ar«y particu'ar obligation to repay it.   Let
