Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
26th Cons....2nd Sess.
The President—Mr Buchanan.
Senate.
re-assure myself of the precise character of the facts
lean now assure the Senator that there is great
exaggeration in this statement The whole supply
of provisions was not sold at auction, but the
comparatively small surplus only, which remained
after subsisting the troops, and this because the ar-
ticles were penshable, and would not bear the cost of
transportation. 1 admit that there was a conside
ble loss on the sale of this surplus, chiefly m the
articles of bacon and h rd bread, and I shall tell
the gentleman how it occurred, and then ask him to
say whether the Administration is fairly chargeable
with it.
We all know that the Cherokee*,at the first, refused
to execute their treaty and remove to the West of
the Mississippi. Indeed, an incipient war already
existed From the representations of their chief,
and from other causes, which I need not detail, they
were induced to believe that the Government would
never remove them by force. They were upon the
soil of Georgia, Tennessee and North Carolina,
Who insisted upon their removal, and it tnus be-
came the imperative duty of the Government to
enfore the execution of the treaty. Policy, huma-
nity, economy, and the example of the Florida
war, all required that a sufficient force should be
sent into the Cherokee country to overawe the In-
dians, an 1 thus effect their removal without blood-
shed. One of the most eminent men of our coun
try, the hero of Lundy'o Lane, (General Scott)'was
se'ected to command these forces, and ample dis-
cretionary power was conferred upon him to carry
the treaty into effect This hero may, in future time,
become a stxll more distinguished character, for the
race of military chieftams is, probably, not yet ex-
tinct. Under thess circumstances, it became ne-
cessary for the subsistence department to collect
within the Cherokee country a sufficient quantity of
provisions for the supply of the arm) That this
was their imperative duty no one can deny.
General Scott executed the high trust confided to
him with distinguished fidelity and ability With
the example of the Florida war before him, he
deemed it necessary to act with the utmost energy
and vigor, and to concentrate such a force as would
overawe all opposition I ask, then, would not the
Administration have been greatly to blame, had
they not collected sufficient provisions for the
whole force which General Scott deemed it expedi-
ent to call into service?
In this crisis, John Ross, the head chief of the
Cherokees, concluded an arrangement with Gene-
ral Scott, under the sanction of the Secretary of
War, and engaged himself to remove his people.
It was thus rendered unnecessary to employ our
troops m removing them by force, and a large por-
tion of these troops was immediately discharged.
A sufficient number, therefore, did not contmus in
the service to consume all the remainder of the pro-
visions which had been collected
Were these provisions improperly collected?
Was it not necessary that the Depar'ment should
have them at the point where the army assembled?
But a large portion of this army was soon disband-
ed, and in this unforseen contingency what was to
be done with the remainder of the provisions^
There they were m the midst of the Indian country,
where no demand existed for them, and ne-
cessity compelled the officer in command to di-
rect them to be sold at auction, whatever price they
might bring.   It is true the bacon and hard bread
were sold at a sacrifice; but what e'se could be
done? The expense of of transporting them to any
place where they might have sold for their value,
would have been greater than the difference between
that value and what the Government actually re-
ceived.
But wheher the loss were great or small, the
Administration had nothing directly to do with the
sale, and are not, therefore, hable to censure for
this cause Tie provisions were collected by the
proper department for the subsistence of the army
under the Commanding General, and be acted in
strict conformity with h s duty m directing the sale
of such of them as he could not use The Admi-
nistration knew nothing of ihe matter until after
they had been sold, and the accounts of the sale
were rendered Thus ends trie seconi item of ex-
travagance alleged by the Senator against the Ad-
ministration
The third speeificition of extravagance mainly
rests upon the strange order of Brigadier General
Read of the Florida rmhtia. Of all the persons I
have ever known, the Senator from Kentucky can
tha most effec'ually turn into ridicule, even that
which is not ridiculous in itself. What a rare oc-
casion, then, does this order present for his powers
of satire t He must es eem it as a precious relic,
and therefcre I «hall most certainly comply with
his request, and return it to him as soon as I shall
have read it to the Senate
Here Mi Buchanan read the order as follows
iÍEADa   ARTERS  FloiIDA BriGABE
i\ewnansville, Decembei 4 184Q
1 lie troops outhe Sedentary inrdntiy service, of winch Cap
tain Btoei s company id an integral portion, shall not at any
time be otdeied on active duty, noi will it evet occur during
their term of service that they shall be or lered to marc{j a
greater distance than twenty miles beyond the headquarieis of
th? r respective companies They wilt be directed loiemam
at their usual places of abode, and expected to engage sedu
lously in the pursuit oí their usual occupati ms '
(Signed )           I CIGH READ,
BugadierGeneral, Honda Brigade
Captain Broek, Mandanen
If ths Administration could be held ie sponsible
for the bad taste m wh ch this order was conceived,
I should pronounce them guilty at once But this
is a question not of taste, but of exttavagant ex-
penditure, and regarded m that vies, tbe Senator
would find that it did rot at all establish his pro-
position.
I shall then firs' exp'ain to the honorable gentle-
man why Br gadier General Read, who by the by
lb an excellent officer, told these men to remain at
home, and attend to their own business Although
it might have been in better t&ste not to have em-
braced such a command m a general military
order, at least without further exp'anation, yet the
Senator would himself soon perceive the propriety
of this injunction
It will be recol'ected that at the last session, the
Secretary of War hsd cal ed upon Congress to
raise a thousand mounted men for ü e Fionda war,
to remain in service during its c mtmuince, and to
receive a bounty in land, with the same pay and
emoluments as the cavalry of the United S ates
The S nate passed a bill ff r that purpose, increas-
ing the foice to fifteen hundred men This bid
went to the Hoase of Representa'ives, where tne
Committee on Military Affairs, approving of the
policy, recommended a still further increase from
1 500 to 2 000 men, but the House never reached
the measure, and no troops were rai ed for the pro-
secution of the Florida war But did Congress, oy
this neglect, intend that Fionda should net be de-
fended'' Was it tn= design of Congress that the
Florida irintia snould not b¡ cd'led into service for
this purpose? Certainly no' If any thing could
be inferred fiom the neglect of Congress to pa s the
bill, u wa> thdt blonda should b  d funded by the
m ht'a under the existing mili'ia laws, for no Senp-
tor can suppose that we intended to give up the
wives and the children of its inhabitants to the
scalping knife of the savage
Whilst ihis bill was pending before Congress, the
Governor of Florida, in pursuance of an act of the
Territorial Legislature, called out into actual ser-
vice a number of mounted men for the defence of
that Territory, nominally at us own expense, but
which we all know, from past experience, must
eventually be paid by the United States. After
the adjournment of Congress without having:
passed ihe bill to wh ch I have referred, the Secre-
tary of War interposed, and ordered out twelve?
hundred mounted men, embracing those thus al-
ready in service from Florida, to serve in eveiy
part of the Tern ory, and to pursue the In-
dians wherever they might be found, and five
hundred infantry militia And for what pur-
pose were these five hundred militia to be
employed? They were intended for mere neigh-
borhood defence, and, like the mmute men of the
Revolution, were to be ready to repel invasion at a
moment's warnirg. Tney are divided into compa-
nies of seventy men, and these men cultivate the
soil, and are spiead over the border which divides
the savages from ihe peaceful inhabitants. They
are neither required nor permitted to pursue the
enemy more than twenty mils-, from the head quar-
ters of their respective companies because, if they
were, it would destroy the very purpose of neigh-
borh od defence for which they were called into
sereiee, and leave the settlements unprotected. It
is their duty to resist sudden incursions of the sa-
vages into these settlements, and I understand that
the most happy consequences have followed the
creation of this force.
Now, in regard to the expense, which is the mam
point of this argument, let me assure the Senator
that these men cost the Government but one-Mxth
of the cost of the same numbet of cavalry. They
merely receive the pav of infantry, without bounty,
ratitns, or clothing They are bound to raise com
and provisions on the public lands on which they
a.r> settled, and at the same time be ever ready to
repel the incursions of the Indians When this
duty has teen performed, they return to their peace-
ful agricultural pursuits What have been tbecon-
sequences of (his policy? Since this system was
first adopted by the Secretary of War, the
Government has been able to purchase pro-
visions at a greatly reduced price These men
rai>-e not only what is sufficient to supply their
own wants, but a considerable surplus for sale.
Th°y aie settled m the very heaitof Florida, where
provisions are most wanted for the use of the army;
and ihe Government thus saves much in the cost of
transportation This whole arrangement, instead
of affording any foundation for a charge of extra-
vagarce against the Government, is one eminently
economical
I am soTy to inform the Senator that the Secre-
tary has not yet been abla to rai-<e more than one-
third of these five hundred militia infantrj.
I trust he will now be able to psrceive why G*n.
Read directed these "sedentary m'antry" to remain
at home, and not to pursue the enemy a greater dis-
tance than twenty miles from their head quarters.
They were never intended for general service, bat
were destine 1 tobe a lampart against the stealthy
attacks of the Indians—to be a body guard on the
Irontier for the women and children behind them,
and to be a barrier for their protec ion, over which
the savages could not pass-. It these men could be
wuhdrawn from the positions which they occupy,
and sent all over Florida, the result might be dis-
astrous
The fourth and last charge of extravagance
against Mr Van Buren was, the establishment of
the b anch mirts, and yet these mints were esta-
blished by act of Congress in 1835, two years before
he came into po ver Now I myself happen to be
one op those Senators who was decidedly opposed to
the es'ablishment of these mints Wi b. the ex-
ception of the one at New Orleans, ihey have never
done much good, nor do I expect that they ever
wiU hereatter There is one of them in Georgia,
at a place eailed Dahton.ga, and aaotber at Char
loite, in Ncth Carolina. At these places I believe
the gold has given out Nos, as ih"se two mints
«ere established, not by Mr "Van Bute , but by an
act of Congres*, passed without distinction of parry,
is it not most extraordinary to charge him wi h
