113
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Con(J...-2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Shepard.
Feb. 1841.
H, of Reps.
account for some of the great pohtical changes
which we-had all witnessed within the last year cr
two. -He trusted that a hill, demanded by all ths
considerations of humanity, mercy, and the public
good, would pass, without any such amendment§as
was now proposed to it.
.: SPEECH OF MR. SHEPARD,
í , , ,'             OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In fhe.Hiyuse of Mepresentatives, February 4, 1841—
In Committee of the Whole on the Mate of the
, TTñion, on the Treasury Note bill.
,       Mr. Barnabd of New York proposed to make a
'   loan of $10,000,000.
, Mr. Stanly of North Carolina offered aa amend-
ment to lay a duty of 10 per cent, ad valorem oa
silks, 20 per ce^J. on wines, and 20, rer cent, oa
linens.
Mr. SHEPAitD addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: I am reluctant/to continue this
discus$ion, but honorable gentlemen have advanced
doctrines which I .consider of a dangerous tendency,
and I cannot forbear to express'* my own opinions.
Since the commercial revulsion of 1837, the income
of this Government has not been equal to iu ex-
penditure, la the years of plenty, tiie surplus re-
Venue was divided among.the Slates, and now, m
the day of comparative famine, no willingness is
manifested to curtail expenses, but a proposition is
made to increase the burdens of the people. The
member from Maine [Mr. Evans] has asked, "in
tffaat branch of the public service can reduction be
'made?" I shall not setup for a political puritan,
tjat I point to the unnecessary length of our ses-
sions, to the disgraceful ¡-.mount of contingencies,
the enormous increase in the cost of collecting the
Revenue, and 1 believe that a faithful examination
would unfold much more, that requires the knife
and the caustic. Economy, however, should not
approach stinginess,for ihis could ultimately prove
the grossest extravagance; let woith and talent be
well rewarded, and if sinecures be abolished, sala-
ries reduced m proportion to the service rendeied,
and no expenses incurred for the .special Dentin uf
individuals or sections, I indulge the hope that, af-
ter (he revival of trade, the revenue will be amply
sufficient for all the wants of Government. Gen-
tlemen have poured forth eatarac's of eloquence
On the subject of corruption, but they err in laying
the whole blame on either of ihe great partie;: it is
immaterial who is the President, or «hat faction
has the ascendency; if much money be placed un-
der ihe control of politicians, there is reason to fear
that it will be ustvd to advance the seheincs of par-
ty, and lo promote the interest of cunning leaders.
It is wi e, thereiore, to :ave our rulers from temp-
tation; it is just to let the people hold their own pro-
jpeity, and to take ihe smallest portion of their
earnings, that the public service will admit.
I am opposed to the levy of new taxes, until an
honest efl'ort be made ¡o economize, and 1 will not
conseat that three articles shall be selected at ihe
present time for the partial legislation of Congress,
A new President will shortly be in office; those, who
have assumed all the wisdom and viitue of the land,
will have ihe leins of Government, and they should
bear its responsibilities. At ihe next session the
whole system of taxation must be revised, and there
it no necessity for anticipating the delihüati, ns of
our successors; let timely warning be given to ail
the great interests of the couu\>;lei the public
mind be drawn to this important subject in all its íe-
lations, and Í hope that the qutMion will be setlieii
on a basis, satisfactory to all, and oppressh e to
none.
. A tax on imports is easy of collection, and borne
■without murmur by u.e ma<s, because its subtle
operation is not perceived, though it is not the less
powerful in its effect, or less bable to abuse, and
should be watched with jealousy. The consumer
.pays the duty, and, if the article be limited in qn m.
iity or of indispensable necessity, this would be. the
end of the matter, and oae man would not have
more right to complain than another. B.it where
Ihs consumption depends eti the pnce, U.e impost
has a much a wider bearing. If cloth and mula.se.
be cheap, more of these comforts will be used than
when dear; a duty of 30 per cent, ad valorem on
the former, and of 5 cents on the Uttir, must dimi-
nish importation, or keep out of the country much
that would otherwise enter. The foreigner is not
the only person who would be iajured by this re-
sult. His merchandise comes here in exchange for
our productions—the trader of the city is a mere
agent of the industrious classes, he buys the corn,
cotton, the tobacco, the naval stores, the manufac-
tures of domestic labor, and gives them for the pro-
ducts of other climes and other people. All com-
merce is resolvable into Ihe great principle of ex-
change; if the country sells nothing, it can buy
nothing; if it exports nothing it can import nothing;
and that which comes here in the shape of foreign
goods, is only another form of our own property,
and is as much American indusiry, as the grass of
our fields, or the cloth of our factories. Any dis-
tinction between thfm is fa.lacious and unjust.
If a tax, thereiore, on fore gn merchandise di-
minish its consumption, domestic produce, which
is exchanged for that mercbaiidise, is indirectly af-
fected, if we buy less of ihe foreigner, he is com-
pelled to buy less of us; if we cease to take that
which he can give, the market for the products of
our own labor i¡ lessened in like proportion. The
exact degree to which the produce is injured by the
customs-, cannot tee estimated with certainly, for
iradw, when driven from one pati, will generally
find another; but as the natural course of things is
the mo.-t profitable, any law, which obstructs the
free interchange oi commodities, and aims at the
establishment of an artificial system, uiustbe bur-
densome to those classes, on whose industry the ex-
periment is made.
But, sir, let us leave theory, and take a mort
practical view of the subject.    In 1839 the exports
of the United States were valued at $103,533,891__
of which $63,430,845 went to England, and
§16,553,667 10 France; in that year cotton was
shipped lo ihe amount of $61,238,082, of which
§■10,137,31)5 wentto Great Britain, and $13,323,149
to France—$9,832,943 of tobacco was exported,
of which $5,362,331'went to England, and $901,-
950 to Franco—#2,460,198 ofiice was shipped—
$688,600 of naval stores, of which $501,584 went
to England. Ii thus appears that cotton, tobacco,
rice, and naval stores, constitute more than two-
thirds of the exports of the country, ($74,220,923,)
and that England and France are the gieat mar-
kets, to which thise productions are earned. In-
dian corn and timber would swell ihis áum con-
siderably; they are left out of the calculador,, be-
cause tbey are not exclusively the product oí the
six or sevi n Slates, which rai-e ihe great amount
above mentioned. The imports of the same year
amounted to $162,092,132, of which $71,600,351
came from England, and $33,284,119 from France,
consisting principally of the manufacture  of wool,
cotton, iron, linen, silk, Ac. The-e facts prove
that an immense trade exists between the countries,
founded on the mutual wants of the people,
and the variety of their industry—a trade that
that would keep pace with the increase of popula-
tion, and the growing demands of civilized lite, if
not disturbed by political quackery. England re-
quires the raw materia!, but her climate forbids the
culture. America needs lh« produce of British
workmanship, but she cannot struggle wi'h mi-
Un-ed skill, vast capital, and low trages. Such ties
bind together the na'ions oi trie earth. The gifts of
Providenre are widely distributed, ps-haps, to show
man that his real mteiest and sub-tantial comfort
are proino'e-' by peace and harmony.
If, for any purpose, a lax is laid on iron and
woollen, so that tbe ¡ore>'gn manufacture is dnvea
out of the market, oi its consumption diminished,
the foreigner wdl take hss of co'.lon, tobacco, naval
stores, or oiher domestic anieles, which were ex-
changed for his own. The revenue of this country
is principally derived from duties on the manufac-
tures of Giea- Britain: her cotton goods, her wool-
len colli, her iron, her glass, and her sugar, have
been th? great objtctt if attack-—tfcey have sus-
tained tke burden of ihe Ftdcral Government,
though this veiy England consumes nearly two-
thirds of our domestic productions. In aimra* a
blow at the foreigner, yoa strike one of your own
citizens; the tax collected is paid by the consumer,
but the effect reaches the producer, and all interest-
ed in his prosperity. This producer is the agricui-
turist of the Southern States—the cotion grower,
the robacco planter, and the getter of naval stores:
the raiser of Indian corn is also concerned, for bis
mai ket is among the planters, det'o'ed lo other pro-
ducts, and every citizen of those States, whatever
muy be his occupation, is benefited by maintaining
the value of the staples, which give strength and
wealth to the Southern community.
If this reasoning be sound, the Federal Govern-
ment indirectly taxes the industry of a few Stales.
This will bring to complaint from me, whilst the
burden is reasonable, and the money is used for
wise and constitutional purposes. Bat taxation
should be equal. All receive protection from
the Government, and all eajoy its ines'ima-
ble ble.-.MKig;<; a lax is kvied on the agricul-
turist,th «ugh b is property requires no more vigilance
than that of other citizens, and why should
the domestic manufacturer escape? Is he a better
man, or a braver soldier? Does he contribute
more to ths wealth of the country? is he more
liberal in his meuis or policy? And yet hi is the
favorite of the Government, living without taxa-
tion, possessing thehome marketby warring againa
foreign articles, and, as I will proceed to show,
having the ad-vantage of free trade with foreign
States.
By tbe "Compromise act" of 1833, silks and
linens were admitted iiee of duty. This was done,
contrary to ihe wishes of the planter, for the bene-
fit of the manufacturer: he did not produce silk and
linen goods, and insisted that the whole tax should
be laid on ¡tor, cotton, woollens, t-.nd other neces-
saries of hfe, bs-cause, in these things, he was a
rival to the foreigner. Tnc consequence is, that
the trade between France and the United Slates has
jreatly mci'tv.srd; m 1830 the silks imported were
valued at #5,774,010; 'ii 18,'-5 they went up to
$16 247,782; in 1839 to $21,350,609. Tec whole
exportation of cotton io Fiance has also increased,
amounting in 1832 to little more than $7,500,000,
and now to $13,323,143. Here is a powerful ar-
gumeat in favor of free trade; restriction is the mala-
ria of commerce, its fetid breath deadens enterprise,
and when it passes away, every thing springs into
life and actividy. What was intended to be a gra-
tuity to the manufacturer, has become useful to the
cotton planter. France consumes nearly a fourth
of the crop; she is steadily improving ia skill and
means, and miy become ari^al market to Eng-
land for the great staple. But if a duly be im-
posed on hues and silks, this fair prospect may
be seriously daikmed; wisj lulers wiil hesitat-1 be-
fore they take a Men of such importance without
urgent necessity.
Glance your eye, sir, over tbe list of importa-
tions. You will find that heavy duties are imposeá
on nearly all the articles which come here in ex-
change for cotton, tobacci, &t. except worsteds,
wines, and these two, which arc now selected for
taxation. This ii the only redeeming feature in
the system of injustice; and yet gentlemen seem
anxious to complete their woik, and make it utterly
hideous. If more revenue be absolutely necessary,
it is at least decent that Southern agriculture should
not b-rar the whole burden; and I will direct the at-
tention of honorable members to a few objects that
have e;c ped notice.
Shoes and leather are taxed, for the special com-
fort of the tanners and boot makers of Lynn, in
Massachusetts; but raw hides and skins come in
free, to the amount of $3,158,027: they are im-
ported from Mexico and South America, in ex-
change for those manufacture?, v,hich the Govern-
ment has so bountifully protected from European
competition. Dyes to the amount of $586^450,
mahogany $504,828, barilla $150,637, also are ad-
mitted free oi da!): they ate used by tbe manu-
facturer; they com-; piincipally from Souih Ame-
nd, in exchange for the work of the favorite.
Coffee, valued at $9,74-1,103, is free: it cemes from
Brazil and Cubs; the forirer is a great market.'for
the products of Northern lab-r, and the onl? pro-
ductions of ihe latter which are taxed heavily in this
cottutty are sugar, which the creóle of Louisiana
wishes to furnish at a high price, and spirits, which
our rulers fear might entice the people from a de-
