116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong-
Pre-emplion Bill—Mr. Benton,
Senate.
The name of Alexander Trotter, esq. is placed on
the title page, as the author of the work; but it is
more the work of a class than of an individual, and
evidently speaks ihe sentimen's of th  bankers and
capitalists of London. It way be quoted and con-
sidered as their work.
The author entitles this work according to his
fancy; I give ltadfferent name fio,n that whici
he has inscribed upo  ii;and diaw my appellation
from a similar production in English htsiory, and
wh ch must have suggested the idea of ihe plan and
design of thi- work: I allude to the Dooms Day
Book of Wü íam the Conqueror, commonly called
Wilham, Duke of Normandy. We all know i'nat
when this Fiench DuUe had conquered England, he
caused a survey to be made of the property of
the kingdom, the value ot all estates to be
ascertained, and ihe «h le to be entered up in a
book, to which was given ihe impre--ive title of
Dooms Diy Book. It was a s gnifieant and appro-
priate title; for all the property icgeslered in it was
considered as the cpjil of conquest—as being
brought up to a cort ot judgment day, and thence-
forth doomed to taxanon and oufUcation It was
the judgment book of the conqueror against the
people whom lie had subjugaird It pave him, at a
view, the immp of hi-, conquest, and the means of
making itavailabe 1< r the support of his aimy and
his throne Ths v< lume which I hold m my hand is
an imitation cf that work, with a change of
names and localities it is the Dooms Day Book,
not of an Eng'ibh Kins, but ot Eiiilt h money
dealer.-; not oi English, but of Ameritan property.
It contains the register oí th  debts of our States
held in London, with a view of the wealth and re-
sources of the States, whith owe them, with many
reflections on ihe rircunutancsS which may cither
endanger or assuie the ultimate payment of these
debts. Among those circumstances which go to
endanger this ultimate payment, t'.e author relies
upon one which suipasses and transcends all the
rest. It is that of the gro>vih and prevalence
of Dsmocralic principles m America! Demc-
cracy is the daad and terror oí these capitalists
who hold the bonds of Ihe States.! It is their dread
and terror. Demociacy—American Demociacy—
is their fear and hoiror But I will not precipitate
the narrati.e, nor jump to the conclusion. The
right understanding of the main point which I mean
to bntg oat, icqmres. the character of the whole
wont to be e\h bi e 1, tact i's political apphcali a
to our afU rs may be ^eea bv all, and its < uthori-
taüve weight may be felt Tus chancter is well
made know o in the headings to (he fi \t chapter of
the work, and from these heidings 1 will read a
selection ot items which will be snitictuit lor the
purpose which I have in. view.
Mr. B. then read
"High credit of ihf foleial Gnvtinn < i£ < nth' ol the
fctates-not identical with i'n- A t until1 tt o i n d 'i itrtt un u
of the aurflus revenue Fin me tl dilhuilttes i ul p supone
mjm of the trauitfer oí the lot Hh lost ilui nt 1 list Nation il
Bank of th© United Siitt s St roud ltank ol iht I mted ^ attb
Opposition ol the Ftosid^nt (itick^nn) to tin i"h w il of the,
charter Hia probable motivt- Dtbisinn con-t tpienre ot
hi  hostility lothe ilink t-fioCt-ofthc Pte^i 'em's mtirlctentt
withihe nankins-y en 1 ecihtKo aifm'ed bv iho iSantc ot
the United ¡Suites tntoifercd \v itti la the wtilid aw t oí tin. jmb
lto deposite- Distil nmou ol (Ik orpins lew i no tnjudic on ly
effete l Specie cumin 111 ts it tin tt i combined Mu
suresof the PicMditi 'o ¡not tiieüo I l)-te,tii b e.on<-ct¡ lencas
Foilureiiti Npw Ot 1,1 =anl Nt^ Voi v ^ i tsr * ot by ft
btnkb of sp t e pi>liHiu I tpoli y oí i ¡t >ld hill Moia
influence ol si ive y í'to\ Im tvot vs til n ft nial trnpi tft
mtmt, an 1 í n the esta) Hitne itol b-tok- tlmllyoU,! U ¡it n
loans b tuntyol Hit public ciedmt dented! nn the i¡ i ma
tloti of thi* fun. ir. Ae'v i 112 ol tiuhai) kin ~ i*e tnlsu
vension of sptcit, ptyin t Ly the tunky Apiuitnt ricct &ity
for this ca tr e llie^ei to - neb. ban' a ate espos d m the
Southern ■slates '
From these reac'ings loth- ni'teis contai ei
m the first chip'ei, Mr. B. sa 1 th  Senate c uld
comprehend th' c' arae et of ihe woik, that it was
identical m political 'eni raent v iih th  anti-Demo-
crattc party m this t iuniiy,f l'owmg ihe leadof that
party, and borrow wg ihe very top cs and language
which I' usedm our party warfare ! e e It would
seem tobe an Amenc, n pro Suction, of ihe Fcde-
lal school, issued from a partisan pre   oi this
country, instead of benig, as it is, a hi,;h i'orv ( "o-
duc'ion from the pre-s ot London, aMtt the pen of
an Rngushtnan, It is nee 'less to quote from ihe
tody of this chapter to show how the sub) cts are
treated which are named in the headings.   That n
suffleientl> manifest (rom the mere statement of
the sub) ct. If read, they would be taken for
Federal speeches delivered on this floor. So exact-
ly 13 this the case, that tre mai« argument of the
Sena'or from Massachusetts [Mr. Web-teb.] on
Saturday last, m favor of auxiliary supplies from
the Federal Government to theíátf.tcs, appeared to
fe to be borrowed fiom this American Dooms-
Day book ot the English capitalists, which I hold
in my hand. The argument of the Senator was,
that as the States had surrendered to the Federal
Government all the great sources of revenue in
giving up to it the public lane's and the custom-
house dutie", therefore, the Federal Government
was bound to lend a helping hand to ihe State .
This was the substance ot his argument. The
same idea 's found m this book, published in Lon-
don tuclve momhi before the gentleman' sperch
was dfliveredhere, but written in Londoi durms;
the yeir that the gentlpman was in that city. The
idea* of ihe -peeeh and of th- boo c are identical;
and I will read !rom the book, tor the benefit of
the stenographer-., who may not have completed
their report, as well as for the information of the
Senate, what I find to be wntten in. it under the
head ot aurthary funds needed by some ef the
States-.    Mr. B lead'
"in the cate of man> Sulci, anvliary luntkaie specially ap-
pmpiutedio ihispui,io-.e, in other-, the *eciii'iy ol the loans
art based solely on the t,enen! nrdltof the tot tte rhoapprn
1 nation of suth kinds is lit a most all cases de-n iVe, as, how
evu eieal the rt-soorcts ot a St tte lit iv be l ^ íi-uil incensare
t ¡it n o-ttiontoly li nitul t Ins ttist-, n tt oi ly from the mo^tpio
lot ttvt stint sot tevtnut -tteh it. tin. jn ct I oí tl e - ilt^ of
the public hntf-t imposta tin rt mtneitc nnl th.1 tevenuo oi (ho
p tst ollttc havin^ beer, suuendt.it.dto the Getieiai Go\einnienf,
and h I mtjinj; t xchtstt lyttit bttt lis t flout lite inMety ilwavs
-hown by the peop't ol the tlnttttl í=tttt s to ronttol then ruleta
tiY making them depe iilent tn (lien will for the -u¡ ¡ihts, which
thoy atall ttmea vety bpannsly allot to them lhisllcmocra
lie leehüíí is c ttitt I sotit,nvui lit the \vt tlttne-t St cs, that
the trea-utiesate constantly exposed to become bale, and loe
accounts of almo-,1 all ate complicated by the hoi rowing and le
ptyitic, o-l tempoi ny loans mtde hy moneyed toatttti tonaol the
st tte to próvido Im une-tpei ted emergencies, or even fox the or.
thi) uydenmult ol the public atlmmistiation "
Ildvmg thus shown the politic?! character of (he
work, its identity with Federali-m, and us cmise-
queat conclusive anlhortty with that p?Hy, Mr. B.
proceeded to show the manner in which the suthor
had exeeuttd hi, work in stating the debt-, and
showing the wealth and tesources oí the mJebted
States. For this pnrpo-e, he had taken the Sia'es
tn (¡etad, orn, by one, and nad examined the condi-
tion of cich one under ihe same head*. Mr B
would not follow the author over eich Sute, bit
would gire an idea o* the whole, by showing ihe
method of t.eiti'ur one, an1, tor hu> exemplar,
would take the Stat" of Keiiucky—a State on
which the author -cerned to have bes owed pecu-
liar atten ion.    Mr D then read from the b ok
Kentickt—Aim U it ol debt an* hiltlttttea toim of-e
rttitly, when an 1 wbt t tedietnable It ttes ot mtctest and
whtn nut whueptytbie Amotnv tt present cbartretble on
the lic-dsmy (link <>' Kenlm vy Mniilieiu buik ol Ken
tutky Itnthlttno fiebaittsat bereitte, oils \atuiv ot
mteinil it lprnvcmcut- Orntliton ol the liea-uty Lorn
netet ot the tot tie     \mount of taxable property "
The-e he?ds are fillcl up by de'a Is, said Mr. B.
wt ich it is not tny tk-ign to pnrsu". I only pro-
pose to -h' w Hip minner in which the affairs ot the
States are «reated, for thp purpote of prnvipg at
re-u'ls TIk ,iu hor of the work fin Is Kentucky
to be a itch Suae and rapv"y increasing in wealih.
lie is (ore ulv -Uncle tí i i> this increase, ard states
it i-'ith ecu .e s ji.d pre-i toi,     He -a> •
tlte inetct et l tl e «enei thteai h ot the sítate m t bt jtl1 <ed
ol >y t to | i i" -a\ei crea e to ¡it, teta i-iutlennie nth
to of the U\ i|  > i y in thi -it c Th s winch in ls30
iniout t tl to ..ilJoHb s, by the las valuation an ountcd to
t.iJtüiijiiil  '
fhis ts the re ul' of the survey of the debt-, re-
souie-, and wealth cl Ken'ueo?, an 1 heie the
mind is natural!., turned to make a letnark, p rti-
nent to ihe occasion, and e"' fed to the cireiulie-
njembrance of every Detn cat in Aiiertea It
grows out of the la t quo'ed paragraph of this
London book—t   paragraph m wh'ch ihe \iliter
shows t'ie wea.'n Í Kentucky t-> have incessed
one hundred and twentj-one millions of dol'a s in
the eight pieced ni }car^ This io an amazing
increase, more than doubl rg the value of the
Slav, and naturally tuii.s th- loqwuy to the perud
of time at which a to k placa That p°nod was
from 1831 to 1839, that i¡, to say, it was during the
Derrojratie admimstianons of  G^neivl Jackscn
and Mr. Van Buren, covering a part but the whole
of neither. It was during these Administrations,
and during a period of time wl en the panic and
dis'ress orators were filling ihe land with cries and
lamentations, and tc rrtfymg all imaginations with
pic'ure5 of utiserv, poverty, and desolation.
It was during the time that these orators
daily procla.raed the total rum of the country,
and daily asserted there could be no prosperity
without a change of msn and measures—without
the overthrow of the Democracv, and the re esta-
blishment of a National Bank. It was during the
time when there was "no King tn Israel," when
the King Bank had expired under the veto, and the
removal ot ih'' deposites; and when there was no
' Regulator" to take care ot ihe property and poli-
tics of the people. It was during the time of the
gold bill, th - spece circular, the war upon credit,
the Maysville road velo, ihe pocketing ot the land
distribution bill, and so many other measures,
each of which, a-cordmg lo ihe doleful lamenta-
tions of the di-ties? oralor=, was sufficient to ruia
and ('estroy the country It was during this period
of Dem ciatic m srule and misgovernment, and in,
the miJjt of this national destruction and misery,
according to these orators, that tte auten'ic valua-
tions of the Kenmeky property show the wealth
of that Siate lo have advanced from 103 to 124-
000,000 of dollar- ' to have more than doubled 1 to
have gone 21,000,000 further m these eight years,
than in the whole previous half century of her ex-
istence, during twenty years cf which she had a
double ptrtion—two branches—B°nj amin's share—.
of (hitnational blessing, \\n Bank of the United
States' The autbevttic record of the tax lts>t shows
this result. The record "hows it, and in showing
it, ivhat a monument of honor and glory is raised
to Jack on and Demociacy ' What a lesson of
chastisement and rebuke is read to their assailants!
Mr. B. said it had been vjunttngly declared on
on this floor, during the extra session of 1837, by a
Sena'or from Souih Carolina, who sits over the
wav [Mr. PansTON ] that the appointment of Mr.
Btddle to be Secret?ry of the Tiea-ury, would add
one hundred millions of do'lars to the value of the
property of the people of the United States. This
wassaid m reproach of the ruinous measures,as they
weiR called, of Jackson and Van Buren, and to
show the neces-iiy of changing men and measures.
It nas spoken, as the event piovcs, without a re-
ference to the valuation lables of taxable property,
and has not been repeated since. It would doubt-
less nit be said now. It was considered a hyper-
bolical com;litnent to Mr Btddle at the time, and
a couple of sl,oit je?rs jears proved it to be so. It
ha- been st"n lo hftve bren a most unmerited com-
p'imtnt to him, il has tnrntd into little less than
a s?rcasrn upon him. But, while shooting so far
bej ond the deceit of him it was intended to
hoi^i, how infinitely it tails short of the merit
of him it was íntem'ed to icproach! General
Jackson'-, administrado i has actually increased
the value of the proper y of the people—not one
bundn d—bir more than a thousand millions of
doiUr,. In Kentucky alone it was one hundred
anl twenty-ore millions, m Massachusetts it was
ninety n'ne millions. Here aic two hundred and
tventv millions ot incea-p in two States alone,
and of Ue miJd'e clas—S a'cs which, m wealth
aid p | ala id, rtnk f, r be'ow cevet?l others.
Pur ue 'h" inq tny—app'y it to the wh le Union-
extend it over the t«e! e yars of Domocratic
swpy—ovsr the whole perud t f General Jackson's
apd Mr Van Beiren's adrniiustra'ions—and then
see the rc-i It. F«ir a' ov^. one thousand millions
ofdo'lais— ,iuch nearei to tno thousand, than one
tbousa  d million —i ill be the giand aggregate of
the i lutd mcreas s, fn tead of one hundred mil-
lions for a total mercas*, nea-r one hundred and
fifty millions o' ar lual increase, *or twelve suc-
cessive rear~\ will Urn out to le the historical re-
cord of the case. Such is the arswer which au-
thentic histoiy is eiviig lo Federal lamentations
over ruin and misiu'e. Such is iho gorgeous pic-
ture of na'ional prosp nty which crowni and
adirns the Democratic Administrations. Let the
friends of Democracy every where verify and com-
plete it Let them apply to the fiscal record of
every Stale and Territory—take the comparative
