Jan. 1841.'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
UT
26th Cong-...2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
valuations of property in all times and under all
adminisrations—ascertain the comparative re-
sults—and thus arm themselves with a document
which will place the administrations of Jackson
and Van Burea far above any others—even the
most prosperous—which oar country has ever
seen.
We come now to the last, and most important,
chapter of this work, the contents of which are in-
dicated by these heads:
"Aggregate of State debts.—Probable necessity of taxation to
pay the interest.—Probable conduct of the States under these
circumstances.—Influence of Democratic principles.—Du-
rability of the Union.,:
These headings to the matter contained in this
final chapter, announce iis important bearing, and
its just claim upon the attention of the peop'e of
the United States. I pa«s aver the whole, impor-
tant as they are, for the purpose of gating at'the
penultimate section of the chapter—the one that re-
lates to the influence on these debts of Democratic
principle;; and ehill only make such statements in
relation to the olhers as ate necessary to the correct
understanding of this, the most important of all.
Erom it, I will read copious extracts; for it is of a
nature to require to speak for itself. The extracts
will be read as soon as I make the preliminary re-
marks which the context requires.
The writer first states the aggregate amount of
the State debts; and here it is somewhat amusing to
remember the alarm and terror which filled the
bfeasts of Federal gentlemen on this floor, for fear
of divulging the amount oí these debts, when the
non-assumption resolutions were under debate
twelve months ago. These gentlemen deemed it
cruel and dangerous te the States to name the
amount of these debts on this floor. They were
afraid the British would find it out from our de-
bates, and that the credit of the States wouM be
ruined. It was to no purposs that we insisted that
the English knew more about these debts than we
did; and if they did not, that there was no morality
in our concealing them. Nothing that we could
say could appease the fears of these most cautious
gentlemen. The States were to be discredited, if
we told how much they were in debt. This was
their incessant objection. Finally, to quiet this
alarm, it was agreed to drop from the report, which
was made on the oeca.<ton, all that related to the
amounts, aggregate or individual, of these Slate
debts. The amounts were suppressed. While this
scene was being enacted here, this Dooms Day book
was in the course of publication inLondon, and was
very gravely devoting one chapter to the amount
of these debts individually, and another to their
aggregate amount; and staling the results in good
arabic figures. It was casting them up, and adding
thsm together, wnh all the care of solving a ques-
tion of personal interest in the exact science*; and
it arrived at a result «qual to any which bad been
attained on this side of the Atlantic. It made
these debts (inclusive of poor unfortunate Florida)
amount to one hundred and eighty-three millions
of dollars. This was the aggregate; and the first
inquiry which presented itself to the mind of the
writer was the question of ability in the States to
pay ii? This was the first question, and this being
determined in the affirmative, the next inquiry was,
could they be compelled :o pay? Here the writer
identifies himselt with the capitalists of London by
quoting, and givm¡  m extenso, the letter of the ho-
norable Daniel Web5tbr to the Jdenrs. Ba-
rings, in the autumn of 1839, in answer to
their inquiry upon this same point. The lel-
ter was very satisfactory on ihe point of
the capac'.ty of the States to contract debts,
but very unsatisfactory on the delicate point of
compelling them to pay. On this vital point, the
letter gave no satisfaction. It seemed to refer the
payment entirely to the voluntary will of the States.
In this opinion, the author of the book concurs;
and, thereupon, enters upon the consideration of
ths great and vital question of the willingness of
the indebted States to make th's payment. Tnis
question he examines with all the consideration of
the party most deeply interested. He examines it
under many aspects, and by all the tests which can
effect the solution of a problem on whic^ depended
the payment of the large annual interest,,and the
Ultimate restoration, of the great capital itself.   He
examine! it analytically and philosophically—posi-
tively and comparatively—by sinsle States—by
classes of States—by ciiuters of States—and by '
Slates united, or disunited. He compares the slave
and the anti-slave States together, and decides
which will be most apt to pay. The same
with the religious or irreligious States—with
the old and the new one?—the Atlantic and
ihe Western. He compares all these together; and
still comes to the same question: which will be
most willing to pay? He even examines this tender
question under the aspect of a dissolution of the
Union; and considers how far that ca'asirophe
m ght endanger the payment of these debls, pnnct-
f.al and interest. Under ihese various aspects he
i. famines this question; and comes to conclusions
.nore or less favorable to the creditors, and more or
less honorable to different States, and classes of
States, in each branch of the inquiry. But all
these preliminary and subaltern inquiries, are
finally absorbed and lost sight of in orre grand,
general, and overruling view which he takes of the
whole ques'ion; and that is ihe political view of it.
He examines it politically under the aspect of su-
premacy, or predominance, of each of the two poli-
cal parties in the United States; and inquires from
which of them the English cr:diiors have most to
hope, or to fear] This inquiry, as may hav¿ been an-
ticipated from the whole character of the work, he
solves" to the prejudice of Democracy. He sees in
the "rapid strides which Democratic principles are
making in the United States"—"in the prevalence
of Democracy"—"in the dangerous tendency of
Democratic principles"—"in the growth of popu-
lar opinion in the worst sense of the word"—"m
the dangerous right of universal suffrage"—"the
subjugation of the better clas-es, possessed of
wealth, talent, and staticn, to the numerical force
of the majority"—-"the little power of the Execu-
tive to resist popular clamor"—the influence of
the Democracy in overruling the wiser and betler
principles advocated by the more enlightened por-
tion of ihe citizens, and in conferring power on
thosB who are little fit to judge of the interests of
the State"—■"the elections of 1834, after the remo-
val of the deposites, when the people sustained
President Jackson"—"the want of a property quali-
fication admitting into the legislative bodies of
classes not directly interested in maintaining the
financial integrity of the State"—"the indisposition
of the Democracy to submit to taxation"—"their
indifference to religious principles"—"their want of
far sighted Views and principles of national honor:"
he sees in all these eticumstances and considera-
tions, and others which he mentions, danger to
British interests; and brings himself to the conclu-
sion, and with himself ihe whole bedy of the Eug-
bsh capitalists, that the prevalence of Democracy
in the United States is incompatible wiih die safety
of the State debts held by the English, This is the
conclusion arrived at. But ihis is a point on which
it is right that the book should speak for itself; and
at this point it is that I have intended to make it
speak.    L's'en, then, to what it savs:
"Where sufficient data have b<:en obtained, an attempt has
been made in the last chapter to show the abib'y of the several
State? to meet the demands that may pos-'ihly he made upon them;
and in some cases that p-unt has been sau3factonly es<abhshed.
But as the ultimate secimly of even, the gicater pan of Ihe
loans have finally to rest on a system of taxation, not only the
means but the probable disposition of the inhabitants to submit
to taxation, outfit to be taken intoconsderanon m an attempt to
exhibit the degree of credit which should attach to these en-
gagements."
*             #               #               #               #               *
"The effect of this prevalence of Democratic principles may
have in the case be'ore us, is very evident; for, should the
States hereafter be obliged to have recourse to taxation to de-
fray the interest on their loans, it will not, probably, be till the
different undertakings for which the loans were raised will
have been rendered unpopular by want of success; and though
it does not follow that the people, under these circumstances.will
refuse to make the necessary pacrifice.fhetr adhering to their en-
gagements cannot be so confidently depended upon as it might
be if the legislative bodies were teturtied by classes more di-
rectly interested in the maintenance of the financial integrity of
the States."
******
" "Though in estimating the future by the past, there is great
reason, therefore, to believe that a determination to adhere strict-
ly to their engagements is still likely to characterize the people
of the several States, yet the effect of the continued and rapid
strides which Democratic principles are making in the United
States may have too important consequences to be altogether
overlooked in the present inquiry."
"The growth of popular opinion, in the worst sense of the
wool, in the United States, and the influence it has had in over-
ruling the wiser and retter principles advocated by the more en-
lightened portion of the citizens, have been lamentably shown
in the ¡ntle power which the Executive has been proved to pos-
sess atall points where it has been opposed by popular clamor,
which, whether expressed throughout the Union generally, or in
a detached portion of it, lias, ¡n the end, always"proved vic-
torious."
*         *        #         *        #      :    
"Possessed ef wealth, of talent, and of sta'ion, they (the bet-
ter classes) were able to exert the influence which these ought
ever to command m the selection of their representatives'^ the
national councils; but the subjugation of this important-and
respectable class to the numerical force of the majority, in the
wealthiest States m the Union at the period of the elections in
1834, evinces the power which the dangeious right of universal
suffrage is calculated to confer on those v.ho are little fit to
judge of the true interests of the State, and most open to the
influence of uncontrolled feelings.''
#                #               *             #               #               *
"In deprecating, however, the dangerous tendency of Demo-
cratic piinciples, it must be borne in mind tiiauhe direction of
the bias which thi? power will give to ihe course of event9,"Will
depend on the character of the people whoe:vercise it; andas,
in the supposed instance, the question is a simple one, of whe-
ther the Slates will act honestly or fraudulently, much will de-
pend on the prevalence of religious principles among^hem; foe
no views of expediency, however far-sighted, or even princi-
ples of national honor, can, under the supposed circumstances,
be relied on."
Mr. B. after reading ih se extracts, resumed his
remarks, aDd wen', on to say, that he had quoted
enough to show the feelings of Eng'iah capitalists
with respect to the American Democracy—enough
to show that their feelings were now what they
were fifty years ago, and for ths same cause. Tte
British debts, due before the Revolution from Ame-
rican citizens to British merchants, and afterwards
provided for in Jay's treaty, was ih?a the great
cause of English antipathy to American Democra-
cy. These English then, as now, took it into their
heads to believe that the American Democracy was
a rabble; without morals, religion, property, honor,
intelligence, or public or private faith; that they
could not be relied on to pay the debts; and, there-
fore, they were against them. At the same lime,
they tot k into their heads that there was another
party in the United States who were the reverse of
all this—a party which was composed of the better
classes—and on which they could rely for payment;
and upon the success and elevation of this party,
they immediately placed their hopes. This was the
reasoning of British capitalists with respect to
American debtors forty and fifty years ago; and,
correspondent to ihis reasoning, was their action.
They interfered in our elections. They took the
field in favor of ihe Federal.sts, and against the
D;mocracy. They operated bv the means known
to the money power—by applications of money to
active pgents—by disturbing the business, and
m;sleading the mind of the public. Prominent in-
dividuals were gained over by largesses; the public
was coerced, or misled—coerced by operating on the.
markets, of misled by daily publications from
presses in British pay. What aged citizen is there
who does not recollect these scenes—the scenes of
foreian interference from 1790 to 1800? What
ynnng mas is there who har r.ot redd of them?
Who has not heard of -.he Porcupine G;zet<e, and
its assistant laborers?—the first Bank of the TJniled
States, and its affiliated institu-ions?--the British
merchants, and their emi-saries?—all—all—openly
engaged in our elections, and rivalling ihe Fe-
deralists in their «buss and hatred of Da-'
mocracy. Who is th;r; (hat has not heard of
ihe younger Pin's declaration in Parliament,
that Ctbbctt, ih n the champio-.i of England
and ihe foe of Democracy, deserved a statue of
gold for his writings in America? Who is there
that does not know from recolkction, or by read-
ing, or bv traditions, all 'he-e things? If there is
an'v cne.'lei him look to the history of the limes—
to the history of the elections of 179G and 1800—
and he will learn things which it etnecrns him to
know. Now, in our own day, and at the end of
near half a century, we find tl.inss reverted to
their ancient position—debts again due to the Bri-
¡jsi,__tiebtr, the payment of which depends on po-
litical as well as individual action—winch will re-
quire legislation and taxation as well as individual
faiih and exertion. A treaty was necessary then;
laws are necessary now; snd thus the old state of
things is revived, and wnh it, all its accessories
and   consequence?.     This book,   is   proof of
