118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Gong- —lsr Sfss.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
the fact; but it is not all the proof. Itgoe>
far enough; bi4 there is m"re to come. It is
a witness of Ihe highest authority m this, case, issu-
ing from the bocom of the English capitalist's; and
speaking their every wish and feeling It is the
authentic exposition of their sentiments It shows
them to be the enemies of Democracy—the friends
of Federalism—uneasy about their debts—anxious
to secure them—and looking to the Federalists f< r
payment. It shows that the fate of the debts is be-
lieved to be mvo red in the issue of our party con-
tests, and that all is lost if the Democracy is vic'o-
nous. All this the book shows, and that ihe de-
struction of the American Democracy is the fixed
end and aim of the Brit sh capitalists. Delenda
est Carthago—let Carthage be destroyed—was never
more distinctly pronounced by the elder Cato, at
the conclusion of his every speech, than (he de-
struction of American Democracy is denounced m
he concluding chapter of this book.
Mr. BENTON said that he had now produced
one division of Ihe testimony which went lo esta
blish fore gn m enerence m our elections', and
would proceed to another He would ".how 10 the
Stenate the letters of an eminent London banker,
and a director of the Bank of England, which went
fall, and « nhotit circumlocution, to the point He
alluded lo the iet'ers o* Frederick Huth and Co
to the piesi lent ot the Bank of M ssoun, in 'h*
months of June and Sep'ember last The house
of Huth and Co had been made the agent of ihe
Bank of Mist-oim in sellins a lew bonds which the
Sia e was improvident enough to issue, tr-e sales
were not made, and these tellers were lo explain
the reason of this failure. The first letter bore «ate
the 3d ol June, and con lamed this sentence.
'Tno attention of om capitalista and othev« engirt <1 in Ame
nfinafl tu1* is n t\\ turned i > votir nut nial politics ,tn 1 n the
¡tiospt.ets tor >otn n xt P it tint! I eltclion tit Id om Itv the
¡ ist account*  hou i I o Ral / d this cm umstamo wiPonirt
butcmoipll tit any o hu totoetort general eoit/ufrvicp
This, said Mr B ii a very pregnant sentence,
and every word of it is significant ot an important
result. The attention oí British capitalists is turn-
ed to the politic*, and the internal politics, of the
Tinned biaus. This is the declarator, and what
curious matter u pnsems for onr consideration.
Capitah is, not politicians, are now occupied with
our affair . It was deemed bad enough—the
framers ot our Constitution thought it bad enough
—for li reign Government*; to mterteie in our in-
ternal affa r , and therefi re made provision against
such mteiferencc. They did not ihmlt of guarding
against foreign capitalists, yet this is the quarter
from which the interference now comrs Degrad-
ing and d ii)ger< us a" would be the in eifereiics of
a foreign Goveronent in our aifuis, far more to
is, that <f fo'ei^n morey dealers Trie pulse n, a
More potent enemy than ihe swi rd, and the histo
ry of all free Governments shows that a foreign
moneyed .nterference is more dangerous than ih 
invasion of an armj.
The first division of ¡his sentenc  ¡shows that our
internal p lttics t>re the sub] ct ot ihis inter e-
rence, the s cond division of it shovs what part
of our internal affairs are intended; and that the
is no les than out Piestdential election1 It is
equally explicit as to ihe side of tiiat election which
has the rgnod wi hts If it turns outas they were
led to exptci, anl we all know what that expec a-
tion was, if it turned out that General II.tr ison
should be elected, ihen an imporiant consequence
wasto insure—a great reiuh was to folios—n>
lets than the gmeial nstoralion ot confidence1 He
do°s not say confidence in wl at, nor why ihe sjd
den resurrection oí tha' f< thug «as to take plac,
nor was u n ce^ary lor him to do so Dooms
Day book had told thrt secret it had explained ¡hat
mystery Democracy could not b- rtl ed upon to
provide for the pay -lent of Slats debts Ft dera-
J m c uld <ind h nee ihe con equoncc attached by
British creditors to General Harrison's election. Ii
snows where their et es are turned—that thev pre
turned to the Federal Government—o the Presi-
dent and to Congress—for the support and mainte-
nance of State credit—for the p íyment of S a e
debts, principal and mtertst Th s is what it shows,
whether lr l> or not, mrt and evms will soon un
fold- and thu> it was net necessary for Mr. Hntb.
to expSsm tha manner in which t^e election of
General Harrison wa> to cerate a remrrection of
the corpse of defunct confidence Dooms Day
book had done it; and to that we can refer for all
the explanations which are wanting.
Mr. B. here remarked upon the word confidence
He said it was used more frequently during our late
Presidential canvass than any other word m th 
English language, one only excepted, which he
would name hereafter. It was used in Congress
and out of Congress, in writing and in speaking,
and by all orders of writers and speakers It was
used not only incessan'ljl, but mjstenously. It
was a cabalistic phiase. It stood for a whole ar-
gument within ifelf; was always ready when no-
Ih ng else could be thought of, and was deemed
the more potent because it was incomprehensible
Thus it was used during our canvass, playing a
great part in thp contest, and no one being able to
tell ¡hareason why. Now the secret is out. The
origin and the import of the phrase is known- it is
of British origin, and sinister import It comes
from London, and imports that the Federal party
is to provde for ¡he payment of State debts ia £u-
lope. Therefore, confidence is to be revived in
State ciedil; the capitalists are to untie their purse
strings, and bonds can be sold as fast as lamp black,
and raes can be converted into State obi ga'ions
Mr B proceeded to the let'er of September, and
read this extract.
'It howevu, your ehetiona for the Premdentilitp should
lia\e the ttstttc t ow tiiucif ateil ltisveiy|r babe that an lit)
pulse will be given to all -sute stncl s and the moment may
tin narmo when your bonds can beintioctucedutíler ttvorable
auiptcet '
This paragraph (Mr B. said) was a complete
reiicrition of tne sentiments of ihe J mc letter, w ilh.
an enlargement of the supprsrd con'equeniial
effre's of the elect on of the Federal candidate
The JiiRe letter looked to the ben*fi"ial effect < f the
election on raising th  value of State bond?, this
latter looks t« an increased value to be imparted
to all State stocks, nil to receive an impul«e This
comprehensive phrase includes every variety of
stocks created by State legislation. It includes
banking, canal, railroad, fancy, territorial, city and
ill It includes  uch establishments as the Bank
of the United States, two thrds of which is owned
in England, and i's stock now at 50 cents in the
dollar, wheh is 45 cents more than it willjield
when wrund up, it includes such as the Morns
Canal Bank stock, covered two or thrte d'ep with
liens in Europe, and worth not a straw It includes
such articles as the Florida boids, and the Pensa-
cola Bank and rauroid; it includes citv stocks—
cities which are onlv li hographed, as well as thot>e
wh ch are incorporated It includes <UI the*e, and
myrals more, in addition to the Slate bond.—to
¿mount-, not km wn, and at every degr e of de
prfcia'i n, from the coo] Ipnmde of 50 cents in ihe
dollar, down to the fre zing point ot zero All
these are to receive an imt use—*o -take a stsrt in
ihe market—to pive per ceu urns to the holders—
in thi- ev nt of Gene si Iluri'on'-. el*c ion to the
American Presidency. Add all these amounts to
ihe State deb's proper, an 1 immense will be the
agirestte, a'd almost tncredib e the mtcirst w^ich,
according to their own calculations, these <api-
tnlists h?ve dependant upon the issue of our Presi-
dential election
Mr B prorreded to another paragraph of the
September letter    It was in these words
"Afier >ou have wane I «o long v\e think it would lit a pity
to ler til ttie bonds wi'hout seem" whtt effect a change in your
Fv ctinve will pioduce. in which point we may expect to form
a fan judgment about'he beginning ofneyt yeat   '
This «aid 'Mr B is a most pointed paragraph
The London agent dissuades the Missouri Bank
Pre dent from it railing ihe bonds. It would be a
mv, he said, to recall ifiem before the Presi-
dential election—befo.e seeing what woull be
the effect of a change m the Jlmeticin Execuhve
This chinge was to have a good effect upi n the
stock market and that the resu't woula be known
by ihe 1st of January Here was a e'ear declara-
tion that the «ale of the bonds was dependent upon
the issue of the election, and, consequently, that if
the b«nk wished to sell its bonds, u must first elect
Harrison. This was the plain import of the letter,
and when we recollect that this was only a sample
of what was said to all—that all sellers pfstocfes of
e/ery kind, to ihe amount, of some hundreds of mil-
lions of stocKs, and comprehending tens of thou-
sands of persons, and whole S'ates, corporations,
and cities; that all these were temp'ed and excited
as the Missouri Bank was, then we see the immen-
sity of the influence which the London moneyed
power was bringing to bear upon the election No
doubt fhousands of similar letters were written to
other institutions, and to other individuals; that they
were sent mto every part of the Union, and among
all elates of debtors, individual, corporate, and
States, and that all were mad* to believe that, ©a
the result of the election, depended the fulness or
the emptiness of their own purses.
Mr. B reminded the Senate that he had made
an exception in favor of another phrase, not then
named, when he «poke of the incontinent use of
the phrase, confidence, in our late Presidential can-
vass he made an exception in favor of another
phrase when he spoke of the incessant use of that
one, and promised to bring it to light in due time.
That promise is now complied with. The ex-
cepted phrase is brought to 1 ght. It is found in
the last quoted paragraph from the London letter,
and in that part of it which looks to the change in
the American Executive This phrase, above all
others, even above that of confidence, figured in our
election, and resounded in the Fede al harangues.
It would be difficult to recollect a speech, to find
an essay, or to remember a conversation in rela-
tion to the election, in which this word change,
did not play its prominent and conspicious part.
It, also, was cabalistic and tahsmanic. It stood
for a whole argument in itself, and like the
other, was the moie potent because mcompre-
h'-n'Sible Change1 change' was the Federal
cry during the summer campaign, and high
above all the others, was heird the voice of
a gentleman who had vtsi ed England in the
summer of 1839, and from whom tne cry of change,
change, change, was heard to resound from Boston
to Richmond, and back again from Richmond to
Boston. Had h8 been a starling, caged m Eng-
land, and taught the daily lesson, he could not have
repeated it with more incontinent assiduity. Now
we all see where the phrase comes from; that it is
of London origin, and comes from the bosom of
the English capitalists, and from the mouth of a
director of the Bank of England. Well, the change
has come' The American Executive is changed,
and with it many changes of place and office will
take place. That may satisfy the summer patriots
on this side of the Atlantic, but it will not satisfy
the purse holders on ihe other sid«> They want the
fruits of the change—the per centums on using
siociis, and it will r qmre some hmg more than an
exi ai d an entrance at the White House to satlsly
ihein They must have mea3ure«-—legislative mea-
sure —law —to answer their purpose. They must
have State credit sustained, ana o this body they
will look for all this substantial and profitable work.
The hurrah of the election victory, a dance in log
cabins, the chirg" of place and office, w II not sa-
tisfy them The "ifoifai," is the word I Make them
rise, is ihe demanj '
Mr B said he had expected to have presented
the Huth lettejs to the Senate under a most impres-
sive form—he had expected to have present-d them
under the authority, and in obedience to the instruc-
tions of the General Assembly of Missouri That
body bis laken cognizance of the=e letters, written
to the picsident of ihe Bank of the State It bad
tfken cognizance of them, and made them the
subject of a series of resolutions, one of which re-
quired them to be cimtmmicated to the delegation
of tne State in Congress The resolutions had all
pas ed, as himself and colleague knew from letters,
and from newspaper reports; they had passed long
since, but had not been received by himself or any
ore of the delegation. That they were lost on the
way, in one of the numerous mails which had been
robbed this winter, was the probable conjecture;
and having a correct, but not an official copy of the
resolutions, he (Mr. B ) would now present them as
a part of his argument, and as an authentic com-
mentary upon the character of the Huth letters.
Mr B then read :
"Resolved by theSmtse of RepreaentaUvet,the Sewittvu-
currmg thenm,
