Jan. 1841.                                               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.           •                       11&
26th Cong..,....2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Benion.
Senate.
' 1st That trie bonds of the State of Mi*= )un ir die hands of
Frederick tiuth and Co m London be rec> led, a-d taken out
of the European market
' 2d That the two letters from I'cedetick Huth and ( o
dated London, June 3d, and Septembci lltb, 18.0, disclose the
evidence of a direct interference on the pi) t of Brit sh capital
lstsiothe internal politics of the Uni ed State ! and especially
in <he Presidential election of 1810, and in favor of chang ng
the American Executive
' 3d That the said letters contim i erna! evidence of a be
hefm the minds of Rrm,h capuahss that the value nf Amen
can bonds and stock-in th is ham a will be mcieased by the
election of the Federal candidates the Fie", ent-lup in 184.0
"4th Thatthesaid letters eontim in ernal eudence of a de
sign on the part of Buti-h cap.tahsta to bribe the Ameritan
people with their own mi ncv
"5th That any legislation (Q the par of Congies- to mcieese
the value of Amern an bonds and stocks m the hands o{ Bo
tish capitalists, will be an alar n.ng compliance with the be
lief and expectatio i of the sJd ca utal s s and wi 1 h  a le
■ward to them for their m erlc-enre 1i oui election, and an
encouiagement to continue thur interference in time to
come
£6th That any ass nop ion o~ guar-mee of sail debts or
any provision foi paying tl "in o the pirt of the General
Government, or any attempt to appiopr ate the public land
revenue to their payment, will b" an mvi at o*, to B 11 i fa
pitatists to interfere in o ir legislation a> ^cll as in out eln
ttons, and an inducement i0 them to ira all thp means known
to the moneyed powei to obtain the passage of jaws favoia
ble to their interest, and tending to enhani A the \alue of the
stocks and bonds held by them
"7th Thatof all the modes of asstiminff guarantvm" orpro
Tiding for the payment of the State debts m Emope the most
objectionable and mj anous would be by at propuaun^ the pub
he land revenue to that object astherehv m adhtion to all the
evilsof an actual assumption ol sad debts the public lands
would become virtually moi(gaged to f teigiers who woul I
immediately feel an in «rest in the sale and th po<uti n of said
lands, adveise to the interest of i]\f> people and would use their
Influence in Congress to iroouie the same to he sold fot the
highest possiblepnce ai d to pieveatall eqji ah e reiurtions of
price, and also preventing all donat ons an 1 p- c eruptions to ac
tual settlers
"8th That it is unconstitutional, degrading to the character
of the States tending to consolidation .ml involving corrupt
practices on the patt of foreign<>r« fn Congress to er gage in
any schemes to sustain S afe credit in Furo pe
'9th That a copy of these res 1 ulioi-is and of the two letters
to which they refer, be furnished to the il ssouri delegation in
Consress, and that the same be spread on the journals of this
House "
Such, said Mr. B. i* the commentary of the Ge-
neral Assembly of Musotui on these extraordinary
letters, and m every word of which I concur.
Tii3 General Assembly has properly resented ihe
insult to the ímegruy of its bank by ordering the
recall of its bonds, and it has signally rebuked the
insolence of a foreign interference in our affairs by
a public denunciation of its atrocity.
Mr B said the authentic testimonies which he
had produced, and which established the great
point of a foreign interfeience in our election, now
gave him a right to introduce other evidence of a
character not so high as the former, bat perf cily
admissible now that the rmm fact was f st-hli-h^d
he alluded to the newspaper pr^s of Greii Britain
—the High Tory pip<^ of that kingdom—wnich
•were much more direct and unreserved, more opan
and coarse m the expression of their Mnlii'ien'?
than were ihe book and let ers from which he had
been quoting. These papers were as explicit as
they were indecent in their denunciations of De-
mocracy, in their praise of Federalism, in their
wishes for the election t f Gene-al Harmon, in their
assumed knowledge of his sentiments, and in their
directions and intim?tions to our Congress From
some of these he would lead, a d wouM show that
the American nation was the subjec of a degree of
interference, ard of insult, >-uth as no other nation
on the globe now received, and which would  e m
to say that some of th  e Ebtors had never yet
heard of the American R< voluti n, and still const-
dered these S <ite, as the dependen c> on es of tne
British empire Take, for examp'e, this para-
graph from tbe London Morning Chro. ltle of Sep-
tena bar last-
"AtpresentOreat Britain cier iscsa pov,erfol influente oier
the social political and fi cal affairs cf tfHii el --lates Ihe
dependence of the plan ers m the south and the em nercnl
men in the North, upon the British ma ket nece =aul} sup-r
induces a desire fi r peace on then p rt while it gives this
co ntryalaige amount of control oier the pul he deci-icns of
thosebodies The ultia Kepubllcans of the States do not relish
this control They see that it Intel poses a hi uer against the
•working out of their Democra ical prineim s
%          *           *                       *
Here is the direct and p=remp ory a<- ert on of
foreign influence—of control over publ c bodies—
of opposition to Republican -m and Democracy.
The assertion is too direct—'he language too explt-
clt__to require, or even to admit, of comtnen-
tarv.
Take again this from the London Morning Post
of Jane last;
' By tne election of General Hurisan the Whig ran hdate,
and the rejection of Mi Van B ¡ren the ic urn of the Oovern
ment to a sound and rational tys ^m of hanking will fojlov, as a
ma terof course an 1 possibly the Uni ed States J3ari may
once more find itself under the piotection of a proper chartti
Tne íeiection of Mr Van Binen will be decisive of the late of
the Sub lreasuiy scheme lha insane piece of legis auon
will be most assuredly Knocked on the heed ano we --hall no
longer hear of the pet banks, and the thousand othei absuidities
with which i is associated
' We lej ice in the dowr fall of tl e vi^ionai-v undertakings of
the radica! spirits md political economic il co combs whether
they be oí the old world oi the new, and nay accordingly,
congratulate the Americans oo the prospects 11 ey have oi j;et
ting rid of si ch quacks as Van Bnren,-\an' Jaákson and Mr
Amos Kendall '
Here, said Mr E. is a gl mp3e cf «orne of t'^e
fruits which the Ensd sh capitalists expect to gather
from the change of the America i Execut ve They
expect the Bank of the United Sia e to be rechnr-
t rC(3—they expee the loc=il baVt w be 'reed from
all resüaint or sabordi"at oi to a —he expea
the ba'loon of pa, ei credit to be again iriUted—
tbey expec' the dead carcass of tank c elit io be
revived and rearimated—tney exp ct State credit
to be srtst-uned—they expect paper do'la s and shin
plaste -, po«t notes and broben Nnk notes, to con-
stitute the currency of the United S'ates, while our
gold and vuver goes to them this is what they ex-
pe-t, and as the preliminary nicas ire—as the first
step towards ai' tie c Enjh b advan age-, they ex-
pect that insat e piece ot leg sUnon, cabed the In-
dependent Treasury, to be knocked on the head
Yes, sir, knocked on the head ' Th?t is the com-
tnand—tne British otoer' Knock it on the head1
Strike it on the frrehead ' Kill >t, like a dog ' Sucn
is the order to the American Congres , uh ch comes
from the High Tory press of Great Britain '
Mr. President, cotitinied Mr B jou may recol-
lect Uk part which it fell uKon me to sustain t,ur'
ini the revolt of th<* Brnk of the United S ales
against th^ country—daring the veto—the pan c—
and the expunsmg se mops—jrd hiw I was aceus-
to-ned to answer upon the spot all trie sptaktrs of
the Opposmon, replying, no' tn'y to their speecnes
genera'ly, but to thar aig'. noits, n detai1 My
friends were often surprised at the promptitude and
fulness of these replies. Tney have often uxpressed
astonishment at it, and now, sir, I can tell you
how it happened. I always observed tne
instiucti( ns of the militia captain to his be-
gmneis in the manual exercise: I kept my
eye upon the "fugleman"' I kept it upon the
Bank pr*ss in Philadelphia. From that press I
could always loam, before Cons re=s met, wnat it
was that Congres, wou'd be required to do—not
only tiie thing itself which waj requited—but th 
modo of doing it, and all the arguments for
it. T'ee, I chpp°d fro<n the papms, and
laid by for u e, ard wh-n the session came on, aid
the measure were movtd, and the speeches de-
liverer in favor of them, I was ready fir action I
seas ready for ihe reply. Thus Í kept my elf, *em-
pei para'us—always ready—dunng that lorsjr c n-
test with tne Butish power, impersonated in the
mucalled Bank of the United States. Tna' mstitu
tion isas much Brit sh as ever, anl more too It
is Buhsh m tolo nuw, but it has managed too bad-
ly__ ur.k too low—'one to'  much damage to its
ourrrs aoro?d—to be rllowed any lorg< r to take a
lead in the Bn ish affairs m America, it is reduced
to the cond tion of an o gan and an muniment of
the ieal power in Londoi It has sent us od
cashier the'e The supr" ne ri.recton of affairs
i-, called home—called back to London, and now it
is in London that I «hall look for future inti-
mations of wh't isreq n'ed to be done here The
High Tory pre«° n London is the md x wh ct I
shall w?t"h I-hall ti1! Keep ny e}e tsnon the
fugle nan; out henceforth hall ¡oo'i ft r him, not
n"puadelpWa, but m Lo-idon This is what I
shall do, ard.it is vh?t I have already d^e, and
with food eff ct Look to iht, article which I have
ju-t r ad. Compare it with the movment1" her",
and the veiy lsna;tir,ge which is used here, fna the
temper and «pin which is shown hen compare
a'l together, and see how precisely the Loidon
High Tory pres  is an in 'ex to what we cee and
hear. It is an mdtt, nrt only to ¡he measures
"hich aie proposed, a id the arguments ««ed in
support ef them, but abo to the spirit and lan-
guage m which Democratic su esmen are men-
tofted.    Look to   the   contemptuous   and re-
prrachiul epithets lavished upon the heads of
oor partf—such radical coxombs ?s Van
Buren, Van Jtcfoon a-id Annuo. Kendall: the/
are the counterpart of woat are used here. I
name them to show the identity o1" spirit between
H gH Toryism in England and Federalism m Amc 
rica—to «how the unrelenting vengeance of this
spirit on both sid s ot the ocean—and that, even íú
retirerrent, our leading men cannot escape their m-
su'b and persecution Ge era i Jackson is pursued
to his fcieside m Tennessee, Mt Kendall is pur-
sued into his privat  ar 1 mod st retrra' no peace for
them any where the London papers, ^dnd Ihe
Anerican ora'ors,all at woik upon ih-ni at ence.
Mr. B herí, piid a deserved compliment to Mr.
Kei diU, Did remarkcJ ?s a rroof 11 h s i^'egnty
in the h gh t ffice whici 1 e bad fil1 d, tiat all the
gtnat c i i'i c ois -ere aginst him—that al, oi
neariy all, ? ere repr-iacbing a"d denounoirg him.
Tms was bo wee to b s integrity it vas applause
upon his administration Contractor;, want bar-
gims, fieatccntracto's wait g^eat baraams, they
v>anta couttact and a fortune to;sther, aad will
prai'e any head of department who will gratify
them in ti.es= wishes To grant them rich con-
tracts is to command the.r applause- to prefer the
public interest to their , is to incur their ensure.
Ths censure, followed by unparalleled persecution,
Mr Krnuall has received, a d this tact is equiva-
lent to ihe highest eanhly proof in favor of his in-
tegrity If anv thing was wanna to complete the
evidenc , this cUu-.e from a London high Tory press
supplies and forn.sb.es it.
Mr B reiuned his readinr-, from London pa-
per , ard read from the London Tim s of Septem-
ber la't, sor ii a't r the Maine c "c.ion
'An n their hull n0uiali dl iltr-my nan ed Governor
Tairfip 1 ifMai e ill*  e !m !0t="n \\ is cou it nance t, if l.o
exnul, hsth V e i 'i.nt and his c hit e But tht scentie ha«
pa sel limo ludah and one (Í the beneficia! results, it 13
hope 1 \\ 11 bo asett cmeit if this\c\ d qor tion If it cannot
beaninTl vith iiuanarP"al to aim  (whichnor?tional man
v.ill btliese ) the sooner this fict 1 kiotvn the be tcr General
11a iiboo will comen to power Vy tl the most | ac he \lews He
wiP be surrounded and sustai led b) men urder Ihe influence of
similar sentiment"
Mr B 'aid this was a mest pregnant paragraph,
and wen  bevond any that had been quoted. It
went ii to the field of foreign politics, and rejoiced
that a Democratic candidate for Governor was
deleated—that th" sceptie had deptrted from the
land of Judah. Besides this, it goes into the senti-
ments of G"nenl Harnson—-as-iimes to know his
pobrv—his foreig'i po^cj—hs pjhey in relahoa
to Ei land—an! dec are¿ that to te pacific. Here,
then, is an Eoglisi Hifh Torv edi'o ..«suming to
know ih" sen ímen's ot onetf oar can'idates for
the Pit  dency who would mak<? no dec'aration of
>en iments lor ine inrotnation of his own
fel owe tizens. Mote than thi>: he assumes to
know the Cabinet1 to kiow the gent'emen «ho are
to surround tne General, and to sustain him ' and
tbit these gentlemen are under Ihe influence of
similar sentiments' that is to s-y, unler the influ-
ence of a pacific policy towards Englaad' This is
really cunou", and le-uls the mine b^ck upon past
even's, as well ¡>s conduct it finward upon coming
ones Tne sent mepts of a Piesic'ential candidate,
unknown heie, to be known in Londrn the new
Cabinet to be known there, before the election was
over here, an¡ toe sentí inen's of ihts. Cabinet de-
clared to De favorable to Ergl h m'er sts These
are curious revelations, and throtvs tne mind back
upon the voyge of a distinguished Federal sentle-
man from this country to England in 1839—his
renunciation there of his c<nva-*- for the Prssidea-
0—histspousal o, the cause of Genera1 Harrison
—the immodtate forthcoming of the whole British
nieiest, political and pecuniary, in favor of the
General—and the declaration-, from so many
books, Inters, and newspapers, that on his ebc ion
dep r d-d the pacific settlement of the boundary
que t oo, the pa)meat of the Stats dtbts, and the
risa m value oí all sorts of Amer c n storks The
mmd is forced back upon theve lecoliections, and,
while cautious justice may withhold a judgment,
(fjen-e ed vigilante is required to be w de awake.
The new Administration miy be American, but thus
far the ngns are Bn'i*h
Mr. B would close his reading from BnUsh pa-
per  by giving a quotation from one since the elec 
