120
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
28th Cong......3nd SesS.
The Presidmt-
-Mr. Wright.
Senate.
tfningbhr
lion. If was from the London Morning Chronicle,
and contained the British bill of indictment against
Mr. Van Buren, and the congratulations of\Eng-
land upon the election of his competitor.   Heür^it:
(The election oí General Harrison to the Presidency of t>e
United States is an event deeply interesting to England.
"Mr. Van Buren was the deadly enemy of Great Britain.
He stimulated the various crusades against paper money. He
headed the conspiracies that were formed for the purpose of de.
irauding English creditors out of the debts due to them by
America. He was the abettor of treason in Canada. He
prompted resistance to the just claims ol England in reference
to the Northeastern boundary question.
'.'The sympathies of General Harrison point, we believe, in a
direction thereverseof that to which the prejudicesof Mr. Van
Buren inclined.
'•The election of General Harrison is, in short, a result on
which England may congratulate herself."
Mr. B. would make no comment on this para-
graph; and he begged not to be misunderstood. He
was dealing with foreigners, not with his own fel-
low-citizens; h« was discussing the question of their
interference in our election, anl for that purpose
quoting their acts and words, and showing .their
hopes and fears. This was good evidence against
them; it was auihoritative against them, but it was
not authoritative against our own citizens. They
have a right to be tried upon their own merits—by
their own acts and words; and, so far as I am con-
cerned, ihey shall be so judged. The President
elect shall be tried by his acts—not past, but future
—his acls, from and after ihe 4ih day of March
next. 1, for one, shall close my eyes upon all that
friends or fees have said, and look to bis acls; but
thesigns, it mmt be admitted, are any thing but
auspicious,
Mr. B. was done with his quotations—done, for
the present, with his production of evidence to es-
tablish a foreign interference in the late Presidential
election. There was another laige and distinct
branch of the sanv  subject, to which he would
make no allusion now, but which he might explore
on some fuinre occasion. A few remarks on an
incidewal point, and he would conclude. It hat
been suppc?ed, said Mr. B. that in alleging a fo-
reign interference in our election, I was also alleg-
ing an application of foreign money to the voters,
and accounting for the loss of the election by
supposing that all these voters had been bribed.
No such thing was said or intended—no such thing
was thought or insinuated. I spoke of the interfe-
rence; and not of its effect—its degree—or even its
mode of operating. All this was opening a field
which I did not choose to enter; but I am very ready
to say, that the application of money to the
mass of the voters, is not the way that the foreign
moneyed power operates; ibat when money is
applied at all, it h not to the mass, but to leading
men, and confnlcntial agen's that it is delivered,
and that in large sums. The mass are operated
upon through the markets and the public mtelli-
gencers. Markets are reduced, times are wade
hard, the money market is tightened, the mass are
distressed; and all these evils, they are taught to
believe, flow from, the mrgovemment and misrule
of those in power. This is the w ay a foreign mo-
neyed power interferes in the affairs of a free Sia'e;
and, unhappily, our affairs, our trade and curren-
cy, are in foreign hands—in English hands. An
Engli.h minister once hid the audacity to say to
Europe that Eneland held the tempests in her hand!
The Ktiglish capitalists may say to our America,
without impudence, and with perfect truth, th.it
they hold our finances in their hand! The
bast-ness of our paper system—its dependence
upon London—the fatal power of the Bank
of ihe Uniud Stat s—an English institution
—all place our currency, our business, our mar-
kets, our pro-penty or mi.--ery, under Britivh ron-
troi. An order from London to the Bank of the
Uni'ed States to tnaki: money ¡-circe or plenty—io
suspend or resume—to ship gold to Europe, and
inundate America -;-. ith postnotcj and shin¡dasiers;
as order of this kind is obeyed wi>h the alacrity
wi h which the slave obeys the master. An or!er
from the same quarter to take part in the elections,
is obeyed with the same alacrity. Some gem te-
men sty, and my truly, that ihe digress of the
ti tes has contributed to the result of the election,
^.ry good! and where did that distress cerne from?
Whence came all the expansions and contractions,
panic, and alarms, suspensions and non-re-
sumptions, issues of base paper, gambling in cot-
ton and stocks, exportation of specie, ard all
the other pdachinery of distress; whence came it
but from ihe Bank of the United States? ar;d what
is that but a foreign institution? Oihers say that
fraudv4oub!e voting, pipe laying, transfer of voters
from ;6ne point to another, Hessians cosducted by
po'iee officers and agents from city to city—that
these have done much to carry the election. Very
good! and where did all this fraud and villany come
from? Where did it all originate? In the Bank of
the United Stated and what is that bank but an
English institution? Others say that the public
press, the travelling orator , and the emissaries,
have done much of the mischief. Very good!
And where did many of these receive their impul-
sion, and their reward? In this same Bank of the
United States—a foreign institution. To this foun-
tain all these causes are traced, so that in attribut-
ing the election to the distress of the times, or to
the frauds, or to publications, it all comes to the
same thing. They are all attributed to foreign in-
terference.
Mr. B. believed that he had now justified the al-
lusion which he had made a few days since to the
subject of a foreign interference in our election,
and his assertion that the change of the American
Executive had been made a stock jobbing operation
on the London exchange. He believed the proof
to be full and complete to this point; and further
than that, he did not propose to pursue the inquity
at present. He had shown the interference, and
the object of the interference; and he had intimated
that these foreigners were not going to content
themselves with the barren honors of an election,
a dance in a leg cabin, and a view of the
procession of the office holders going out, ,snd
the office feelcers coming in. 'fhey would
have something more substantia!; and . to the
leüislative power they would lo If. for that some-
thing. In the autumn of the year 1839, these
capitalists held a meeting in London, and adopted
a resolution to send agents to the Legislatures of
the States to press the measures whxh were neces-
sary to the security of their debts. The resolution
was adopted, but not acted upon. It was in these
words: "Thai agents be sent to the Stale Legislatures
lo press the said Legislatures to appropriate funds to
reduce the amount of their scrip, and establish
sinking funds to secure the remainder." This
resolution, though adopted, was not acted upon;
and a change of direction in the labors of the agents
serms to have been resolved upon. Instead of ap-
plying to the State Legislatures, the National Le-
gislature seemed to become the authority to which
application should be made for the payment of
the Siate debts. 0ntbel6'hof October was writ-
ten the famous letter to the Barings, telling them
what they knew, that the S'aies had capacity to
contract debts, but also tellir.g them that there was
no way to compel the States to pay these
debts. Two days thereafter, namely, on the
lS'h day of October, appeared the notorious Lon-
don Bankers Circular, pn posing the assumption
or guarantee of these debs by the Federal Go-
vernment, and on the appearance of that proposi-
tion here, the papéis in the interest of the foreign
organ—the Umied ¡3'ates Btnk papers—not all,
but most of them—immediately adopted and advo-
ca'ed the proposal. The non-assumption resolu-
tions, submitted in llns body at its first subsequent
¡-...eetmsr, nipped this scheme in the bud. It killed
up the schertit- of open a^urnpnon, and knocked it
on the head—as the Independent Tiea^ury is to he
knocked: and now it remains to be seen in what
manner the British capitalists are to be gratified.
Open assumption being out of the question, di?-
guised operations become the substitute: and this
land dKtribulton scheme, now calhd limited, be-
comes th" first step in the unlimited succession of
measures which are to end in the total loss ot all
the land revenue, m the final saddling of all the
S.ate debts on the broad back of the Federal Union,
and in giving to the foreigner the double gratitica-
on of seeing our defences neglected, while our
tevenue is ponred into his lap.
DISTRIBUTION—PROTECTIVE POLICY.
SPEECH OF MR. WRIGHT,
OF NEW YORK,
In Senate, January 21, 1841.
Mr. Chittenden having addressed the Senate at
much length, ^animadverting upon the measures of
the present Administration—
Mr. WRIGHT said it would betinnecessary for
him to say tha| he had not pawer to answer the
remarks of the1 honorable Senaior from Kentucky
who had just taken his seat/ [Mr. Crittenden.]
He (Mr. Wright) had bien too long there, and
was toe well known inf that body, to attempt to
follow the lively :course„rt>f remark—the keen and
cutting satire of the hcmorable Senator from Ken-
tucky. His was ,Jk more plain and humble
part—that of foe's so far as' he understood
them, and of argument so far as he was able
to bring arguments to bear on those facts. He
confessed he was unexpectedly called upon to ad-
dress the Senate in immediate reply to the Senator
from Kentucky. The Senator on his right, [Mr.
Buchanan,] to whom the appeal had been more
particularly directed, had yielded the floor to him
for a particular purpose, he not being prepared, as
He (Mr. W.) was not, without examination into
the facts, to answer the remarks which had been
made on the subject of certain items of public ex-
penditure.
He should discuss but one single topic, first
brad/ noticing, and very imperfectly, some of the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Kentueky,
But nr?t it was due to himself that he (Mr. Wright)
should offer hi-; humble apolcgy for an interruption
of the honorable Senator, not tnat it was noticed by
the Senate, but because it was discourteous '
on his part. Still it was a compliment to the
gentleman's powers as a debater, for it was an in-
terruption which nothing could have drawn from
him but the rapidity and force with which he was
rushing to conclusions calculated to carry his
hearers along with him, and to lead the Senate, as
Mr. Wright thought,to erroneous impressions upon
the points he was discussing. Hence the interrup-
tion, for which he sincerely asked his pardon.
[Mr. Crittenden courteously remarked, in an
under One, that apology was wholly unneces-
sary.]    •
Mr. Wright continued. The honorable Senator
then told the friends of the present Admin'stration,
they had attempted to sneer at the now dominant
party. Now, if he had said or done any thing which
should seem to have given the honorable Senator
just cause for such an imputation, he had said and
done what he had not intended to say or do He
(Mr. Wright) now stood in a minority in the
country, and he bad been called upon, on various
occasions, since the meeting of the Senate, to say
thit he desiied to demean himself, wilh all becom-
ing modesty and humility, in that unfortunate
condition; but yet he might say to the honorable
Senator, while thit honorable gentleman was pre-
senting to them 1,200,000 voles on his side, as too
large a body to be sneered at, that 1,100,000 free-
men, asa minority, might look and smile, though
they should not sneer. He admitied that the Ad-
ministration, which was to come in en the 4 h of
March next, came in by a vastly lareer vote than
any which had preceded it; and he would tell
those gentlemen—and hs did it with feelings
of kindness—that thsy came in, m the face
of a minority, in numbers and proportion,
much more powerful than any previous Ad-
ministration ever yet met. Let, then, on all
hands, ihe admonition of the honorable Senator
be looked to; for while it dies not belong to the
minority to sneer, the majority have not advantage
enough to swagger. The great sea of public opi-
men cannot bear deep agitation, without some dan-
ger of a change of power, when the difference be-
tween the contendine parties is so small.attd a
change of ten per cent, may easily be. wrought
against him who dares txc te this immense" mass of
mmd, even upon the surface.   Let all, then, look
