Jan. 1841.
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
The President—Mr JBxa&mr
121
Senate.
well and carefully to their measures and to iheir
policy. He took the reproof, or desired to do so,
with which the honorable Senator had favored
himself and party; and he would be very glad to
profit by iK At the same time he wished to im-
press the honorable Senator and his friends with
the palpable truth that a strong party must de right,
or be overthrown. He appeals to the public judg-
ment of the freemen of the country. Mr Wright
cheerfully acknowledged the propriety of the tribu-
nal, and its perfect jurisdiction, whi'e he believed
the representatives of majoiities might be rome-
times wrong, and that constituent majorities wer1
easily changed by over confidence on the part cf
their representatives, and b* consequent measures,
having more reference to interests and elapses than
to our entire constituency.
Another pcsition of the Senator, in the cour e of
his interesting argument, was that they (ihe pre-ent
majority) "as a dying party, upon th- last stage or
their condemned term," were endcavori is to do—
what? To occupy the ground of the future ad-
ministration, and to forestall it? measures Was
that so? Had the history of this very short period,
in which they had had ihe pleasure of sitt ng to-
gether, warranted such a charge? They bad, it was
true, introduced the measure under dicusssion—a
pre-emption bill—a prospective pre-emption- and
this, it was true, m that rcpect, was, a novel fea-
ture in a settled policy of the rearing AdmimMra-
tion. What were the great measures of pol cy,
as he believed—for no man could speak with any
certainty on the subject—which were looked to by
the whole country as the measures of the coming
in Administration? A destruction of the vys'em of
finance of the present Administraron, was, he sup-
posed the most prominent. Were they (the pre-
sent Administration) responsible for prescnung
that? He knew the oiher honorable Sena'or from
Kentucky would discbarge them from such an ac-
cusation, for he wool i feel honored in acknow-
ledging that he had himself called upon them (the
present majority) to undo what, wuh intentions
as pure to their country as those which goverK the
gentleman opposite, they had done He (Mr.
Weight) complained not, yet surely they ought
not to be charged with attempting to forestall the
measures of the coming in Administration. Tnus
far, the resolution to repeal tho law e-tab'ishing an
Independent Treasury for the country, was thrust
upon them almost as soon as they were in thnr
seat«, pnd from one of the great leaders cf the
opposition to that strictly constitutional and truly
republican measure.
JNext as to this proprsed dis ribution to the S at"s
of the proceed* ot the publ.c lands Was not that
looked upon every where as one of those measures
which would be lavonte and prominent  i h the
coming in Administration, and as a measure against
which the existing Administration w as known to
have sustained an immoveable oppos tion' Were
they then to be charged—and he would observ , if
he should appear to cpeak warralv, that he spoke
with no unkirdness—were they to be charged wuh
bringing this measure before the Sera e, and, by
acting upon it, with 'orestalling tha measures and
policy of the new AdmimstrPtion' Certainly not.
The honorable Senator irom Kentucky [Mr. Crit-
tenden] would concede that it was through his
agency, and not through the agency oí any friend
of the present Administration, that this question
has been forced on this body, and calls for us ac-
tion and its judgment.
Taking the facts, then, as they stood, were the
friends of the Administration chargeable with fore-
stalling the policy ot the triumphant Administra
üon which was now so near? It had seemed to
him that they were not. There were many other
remarks of the honorable Senator which he might
notice, but he would return to ths questun before
the Senate, for the purpose of discussing briefly tee
single pent which had called him to the floor.
The proposition before the Sena'e was to rr*coir-
mitthe bill to the Committee on Public Lands,
which had reported it, wi*h instructions to reporta
bill to provide for the distribution of the proceeds
of those lands to the States, a5 a part of the instruc-
tions proposed. The point he wishei now to dis-
puss related to this part of the instructions; and ¿1-
ih< ugh, atiK commented at of ,h? ocbate, he had
proposed lo himself >o cl'scuss this whele subject of
distribution, his present intention was So examine
one single ground upon which the policy of distri-
bution was urged.
He had been peisuaded to take this course, at
this time, because he had seen the short period
which remained for the transaction of bus ness
during the present session of Congreso, the press c f
business to be done, and the great anxiety of the
r>ecuinr friends t f th« pre-empt'on bill for its pas-
sage.
Tins shou'd control h «¡ present action; but if the
debate should take a different direction, or if I e
should retain a seat in the Sitíate, and a futu-e oc-
casion should aris , in. consequence of a future
prosecution of this.policy, he m ght then claim t1 e
privilege of gimnsr his «entiroentj. at lar^e up"n the
proposed measure in ail us "spects
At the present time he wo ild consider but one of
the aicuments by which it was supported in the
country, and in the minds of a port'on of the con
stimenry of the present Congress He referred to
its conraection with what is familiarly known as
the tar ff, or the protective p ltcy of the countr}.
It must be known to many of the members cf the
two Houses of Congress, thtt wuh a large portion
of the people of the New England S'ates, and he
believed the sain  tiing was true as to port ons of
his own  nd other Stat *, this policy of the d'S-
tubtion cf the proceeds of the Ipnds was popu-
lar, not so much from any love to th= ap-
propriation and applicauon of ih se proceeds,
as from a wish to have iliat amo jnt, whatever it
m ght be, subtracted fiom the Trea ury, that
there might be an occasion to ,ncrcase tne
duties on imposts to an equ->l prrounf. Th s
idea, if indeed it did prevai in the tariff States,
most, n would be seen .-t on e, re t upon the sup-
position that the more duties there were imno«ed
upon imports, the more pro'ection must be afforded
to domestic manufactures or products, coming in
corapttition with the imports thus burdened viih
duty Is t us a sound inference? He was aware
the mquny was addressed to tho e Senators who
represented States favonrg the piotective pol cy
He was not sure the position was sound or practi-
cal, but it seemed to him to be both. He wps ?Ko
eensible that it might, at the first impression, strike
the minds of the Senators fr«m trea"tt tanffStates
as being an aiguroent, if it had &jv fece, in <avor
of the policy of Ihe distribution. Ha entreated a'l
*o listen to the suggestions, and to take time to weigh
them well, before they should be mad'3 the founda-
tion of officnl fchon upon either '.de of this im-
portant question.
When, then, does a duty commence to b° protec-
tive? Is it so either to cur manufacturer or oí r
prod icer, while the foreirn r has the entne and ex-
clusive possession of our mailer, for the sale of his
manufactured article, or fore'gn prod* die ' AH
would saj' no The dutv, under such a state of
things, m ght fill th" rmuiic Tr-asury, but it cou'd
not, in an\ possible sen e, pro e t pn; dor estic in-
terest. Tne ope'ation cf the t?i ff of du i<>-> rrr'st
commence lo bo exclu ive and prohibitoiy b fore
it can begin to be protectee It must, to sonie ex-
ttnt, -but the foreigner from out market, and open
it to the doñeóle manu^cta'cr and pTducer, be-
fore i's protective features c-n be at all va'uab'e,
and when this process once como enees, the fiiiher
it is carried m its exclusive and | ronibitory a tion,
the more protective is the lanff under which it
takes place.
But what rray be the effect opon the revenue, of
t^is pro'ective aciion' In tne prto se propo t on in
whicn it if ex„lus \e and p ohibi'on , it must d m-
ni^h th revenue upon impoi s la ntner words, as
fjr as any tar ft shall be pr< .cc'iicn i s «-ci on and
effect, just so far it most be atar íTnottrehi.os'reí-
fectly fin d ¡or tne parpos°s of reverue. Tnat
tariff whin is b*st adapt d to the puiposes of re 'e-
nue, by i self ccnsidered, must be that wn h pro-
motes the greatest amount of imporutirns and iha
greatest amount of revenue combined. Trial tariff
which is b*st 6d3pted to the reasonable purposes of
protection is the one which sh Jl place American
and foreign interests of the same character upon a
par in our own markets an 1 this is ¡Be least wh-ch
the tariff interests ca*i desire
Try, ihen, the policy oi thi* measure with these
interests. It is now proposed to separate from the
Treasury, to giv e away, the revenue from the lands,
our principal source of ín'erna! revenue, and
that for the purpo-e of affording an opportunity
to impose h gher duties where protection is desred
This.11? acting upon tie principle, not simply thaj
ihe higher the d'ty the greater «ll be the prosee.
tioo, but a'so that t'ie h gher the rate of du y the"
greater will be the amount of revenue received.
A sing e icflect 01 will convince any one (hat th.1
will be true onlv while t*ie foreigner has the exe'u-
sive pos es ion of ihe market, and, by necessary
consequence, the duty j« n t protective at all. If
the high ra'e becins to exclude the foreign*r and
let our own produce or manufactures comre'e with
him m the rra-Uif, the questun cf levenue imme-
diately b'comes incde-ita', ani us amount will
depend, regardless of th° rate oí duty, upon tt e pd-
vintage which the sta'e oi (rade and of the maiket
gives to the foreign, or the dtme'tic parties, at any
given period. If the protective tnfiuenee shall pre-
domma'e, the foreigner will b3 driven from the
marl et and the revenue will fail How, then, is it
io be seipnlied? Most clearly, if impo.t be the on-
ly resort, by a redaction of the ra'e of duty, until
the foreigner can again come into (he domestic
market, upon grounds of advantageous competi-
tion In other wor «, by taking from the tariff its
protective and giving it a reverme preponderance.
Can Ihere be a doubt that thts m ist be tüe principle
of action in allsich lesislauon''
Ho"". tb<"n, is the prmcip'e of protection to be
preserved cons stentiy v tth its ac irn? By giving
away, or des'rojmg, all our souices of internal
reipuite, ard maif n  our Treasury whi'ly de-
pendent up m imposts1 Or by fcotenng ai-d pre-
serving every source of internal revenue, so far as
the sta'e of the Treasury will permit, that when oar
tariff for revenue shall, by the coarse of trade, or
exchange, or national pohsy, b-come pro ecuve, we
may preserve it so, aud not be compelled to reduce
our rates of duty, to invite the foreigner into our
marke(s, to undersell our own ntizens, ihat our
Treasury may be sustained from the duty to be im-
posed upon theimpor ationsi
The proposition now under consideration is to
give away to ihe Sta'es, to take fiom the National
Treasury rur richest source ot internal revenue,
the proceeds of the sal-s oi tne- public lands, an
amount of from ilsret and a hail to ft ui m llions
ot dollars ann^a'ly, and to throvv that Treasury ex-
c'usively upon a íev^nue trom cus oms for de-
pendence and support Th s, to i, is propoced to
be done at a time when the si hole revenue from lands
and customs is not equal lo ibe payment of the or-
dmaiy expenses of the Government And why is
ih s strange policy lo be a 1< ptea? Why is this most
siab'e source of revenue to be cut off, ar d given
away in grrtiii ie*, wh n we are borrowing money '
to pa, the expense^ o1 the nation''
¿mong otuei grounds a signed for the strange
po'icv, one is that he had mentioned—to favor the
pre tec ive policy, by maning the occasion form
creased dut es upon imports. Could it be neces-
sary for him to say m re io show that this gruund
vtas not su lampb'e''—flat this policy would be
smadal to the nterests it was advo ated to pro'ect?
It «eemed to him not. The proposit on *as too
ptfin to admit of a-rphfkp: n Duties, to be pic-
tci live, nust ve, to a "ic?tcr or less exunt, ex^lu-
•lve and pr h b.to.y, must have a lendeney ra her
ti iiffl¡n"ti than to n'creaserevenu , by giving a
fan pert i n ot di- msiket to dtmestic products
and n< nt u tj e> to ihe e\-lusio,¡ oí ío/e gn, srd
whtii the e i- <> deficiepc of revenue from ltnpi sis
un er such a sjstem i' rrus be supplied Irom In-
tel nal s urces, or ihe pro ec on must be surren-
dered, th  duties reduce 1, greater advantaaes "ven
'o 0 e fo<- gner moor rrarkct, and the nnror a-
ti'ns be thus mciea'fd lJuder < ur<js!em, the in-
ternal sources of revenue aie th proceeds of ihe
land=, excise, a<sd direct tdxa i n Gtve away the
former, and who expects a Coi sress will ever be
fotr; d to resort to miser oí the latier to rai<e reve-
nue, when it can be laised by du íes on imports?
Who w U be'ieve that exctie, oi direct taxation,
