122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong""2píd Suss.
*\h^%^f=xm
The President—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
■Witt ever be imposed ro s?ve a protective tatrff-'!
No man acquainted wi h the feelings of the people,
or the action (f legislative bodies elected by the
people, would inda -•$ sue*! a hope.
Oar sources of internal revenue then, which do
not spring from lax-mon, must be preserved and
fostered, or a protective po icy cannot be indepen-
dently pursued.
Take the artic'es of wool ii,d woollens the great
Northern and Eastern interest? So regulate the
tariff that American wool ho ds the market against
the {©reign art'cle, and that American clo hs can
enter into the consumpt.on of the country in (air
competition with the iore>gn, and then experience,
as at this time, a defici-ncy of revenue, thpt arising
from an immense public domain hav ng been taken
from the Treasure, and given to the Sta es What
are yon to do. Will higher dunes produce more
revenue? Not in the case supposed, for when ths.
competition lb even, or balancing in favor rf the
domestic íntereí s>, rrorc dut e* will be prohioitio'i,
and while protection may Ie rendered perfect by
such legislation, all revenue v-il) be lost Yeu
must reduce the duty, then, arid thus invite impor-
tations to rabe your revenue, and having no other
resource, the poney would be compulsory
It is a mistake, then, to assume that this mea-
sure will necessarily lavor the pro'ecttd interests
and the protee'ive pi licy It may injure both. It
is a mistake to sjppose that foicing the Treasury to
an exclusive dependence upon revenue from im-
ports, will secure the system o' pro eetion It may
destroy if. The Treasury of the nauon must be
supplied-, and if such imports as are consistent with
the system of protects n do not ueld the requisite
revenue, the protection must b«t yielded to the ne-
cessity (or revenue.
There is another consideration growing out of
the policy ol making the Treasury dependent upon
a revenue ftcm imports alone, which deserves the
serious examination of all, belore it sh?)l be adopt-
ed as the policy for our country. Where will rest
the control, buth as to our supply oí revenue and
the protection of our domestic interest*, under such
a pjltcy? Will it be in the hands of Congress, or
in foreign hands? Congress can invi'e, but Con-
gress cannot compel imp nations Those grert in-
terests whieh regulate the tiade of the woild govern
our importations and they are, at all times, sub-
ject to the influences of foreign interests and foreign
policy, as well as our own. Make the Treasury of
the nation exclusively dependent upon these im-
portation  ami it too must be equally in subjection
to the same mflu rces The protective features of
our tariff becone, in ibeir operatirn, injurious to
some important intcri't of a country with which
our trade is extensive, nnJ produce a desire on the
part of that cenntry to chinee o in rates oí duty
Oar Treasury is Toldy dependent Ujon revenue
from imports, and by consequeiire p'oportionably
dependent upon importations from the country in
question. It stops Us trade with us. Our revenue
falls off, and our Treasury is mst'e empty, wh'le
•we are told, reduce your rales of du*s, and the
suspended trade shall be renewed and extended
Can Congress regulate this attempt to control our
policy by a fore gn poíveií By a countervailing
policy it car, b it that will not produce revenue, or
rill our Treasury, and, il our sources of internal
revenue be destroyed, rr given at ,iy, can only be
adopted and 'u-.tatned by a resort to direct taxa'ion
"What, m such a rase, would be likely to be done'
Would our sjs em of pioiectwi be adhered to, cr
our duties be re uced' If we have the land reve-
nue to snpp'j the Tieasury, the countervailing po-
Jicy will be ¡fr ly t > govern us, In. if h i to be
resorted t\ at the expense of direct taxation, pro-
jection will ce very i re to be yielded, and the
Treasury s p, 1 ed bj andueliinof ourratesof
•duty. In «1 t t, if wep'fee ocr Tre sury in a
condition tobe eacijswely dependent upon cus-
toms, our policy mil • b* to mute importations, to
■burden them as h?htlj ps p.. s bio, í>st they are
turned into o her ch nne s, to m?ke he trade of
foreigner-, w th us as pre fitible as possible, that
they may consent, tbrrugn l's means, to supply
our Treasury.
Can considerations such as these fail to convince
ihe tariff interests mom country that ihey are not
fostered by giving away eur sources rf mterral i
revenue, and forcirg ourselves inte a s ate of en-
tire derendence upon foreign trade fi r the supply |
of our Nanjnal Treasury 1 II seemed to huí no'       ¡
Nor cou'd th.%. wew if the operatic of this dis-
tribution, p'^perly cons acred, render ti e m< ¿sure,
or the policv, more acceptable to the anti- ariff in-
terests They des re the least posstb e amount of
duttes consistent euth a healthful and certain reve-
nue, and it is at mitied, on all hands, that the dis
tnbulion to the St-tes of the land íeyenue v. ill tra-
duce tbe ms'ant necessity oí an merece if duties
to the foil ex ent of the money taken from the
Treasury fir dst.ibntion Whatever, therefore,
may be the effee  upon the proactive policy, the
influence of the measure upoi the fne nade pr.n-
cjde cannot beequiv oil.
These suggestions had be^n hv'ilv nd crudely
given, and yet he hoped he had sufficient V de-
veloped his vie is to enable the members ot the
Senate to understand ht>n It vas to them he de-
sired to address himself upon this pom*. T"ey
would reflect upon 'he ideas he had thrown out,
and he knew they would allow them all the weight
they deserved, if indeed they should be found to de-
serve any
He would take up but a veiy few moments more
of their time in bn fly replying to son e other ob-
servations of the Sma'or from Kentucky If he
understo d that honi rabie .Senator—and he begg-d
him to belie e th t be did not wish lo misunder-
stand him—he said that the present Admims ration
hid spent 135 mil io'is < f dollar in the four years
of its term, and that upon loads, harbors, carals
ships, foitiliaations, &c there had leen exp n led
but nine milluns rf dollars
He (Mr Wright) hid not the means at band to
examine this mattci, but he b< heved in the lour
ytars they had bitn in the habit of passing b l's
annually lor fortifications if from a half to a mil-
lion of dolla's—for the navy of from five to six
millions, ii eluding a perm?nent nppiopnation of
halt a mi'l on to be exclusively expended for the
increase of the navy, separate from the support,
repair--, and the like, as we'l as sundry large ap-
propriations for steam sh p —foi harbors large ap-
propriations, nearly annually, if rot entirely so,
though for toads ¡md canal' he washappy to know
little cr nothing had been den", because he con-
sidered all sueh expenditures by t' is Government
wrong in principle and impolitic in prac ice
Mr. CRITTENDEN said, m ju tice to himself,
he should explain, that he did notirc'nde tne re-
pining of ship1-, and the pay of the officrs and the
men, but (he mere buih'irg of ships-,
Mr WRIGHT had underwd the Senator to
speak simnlv ot Ihe shins, md mt ot the pa", but
he supposed lie hil intended to mclud" rebuilding
repairs, arel s milar expendiUu^s
Well, tl en, the Senator sud there were some
one hurdrcd ind twenty sx nnlliors of dollars
which had bpen expended wiih n fi nr years and
how expended? Why,expended in pnrsuarce of ap-
propri itions made by themselves (Congress ) ?nd
for tnat whole period they hid h d tbe honorable
Senator's watchfulness and guardian care ovei them,
constantly and ho b íeved he d d iliat honorable
Senator no tntust ce when he said, that if he had
seen  d tofetlmoedis nislrd at one line than
another with the vo e* of him, (Mr. Wright ) it
was when ho vottdagun t a ^propria ions fctill
he adm tted there might have been al uses | rac ' e 1
in pxprndi'ures—-'ie vasrot prepared to 'ay th"re
hi>d not bri t , but he tid cheerfully—what the
honoiible Sena er in m Pennsylvania [Mr. Bocha-
I,a\] 'aid 1 e erdj>—-he challenge 1 investigation,
not n a spirit of tnnmph, but with a patrio ie fooi-
irg towirds the cun'ry and its uteres!  If there
had been abire let exposure ami punishment bf
visited u ^on t> e guilty, i n him, ii he were the man,
on his rest fr'fnd, on any m- n, whoever he mi ht
be, in this vnM n?Mon, -«ho bad embezzled the pub
licmot.ey, who had squmdered it improperly, or
who hrd been unfaubful m a pecuniary trust. He
again sa d examine, but examine with jumee and
truth That was all the favor he asked; and he
now appealed to th?t great partv, for some of the
members of which he cherished a feel ng bordering
on friendship, to do to their opponent justice—¡o
te 1 the tru h or them—and to tuii^h them oniy
v hen 'hey JiouU oc found, affr careful and fair
ex-im nation, to desene it Tbe papers and re-
c ids «ere soon to pai-s m'o their hands, and the
imans for mves'igation would be ample Let not
the desiie to find fault be paramount to the ebliga-
tions of truth aid justice.
Anr her subject has given employment to the
henorabk Senator's laicnt for satire m no stinted
measure He referred to the Seua'or's s'ientaiy
a'rpy of militia, which ttte President is said to
I ave organized, to prosecute the Icdian war ir.
F < 'ida
Prcvous to the hie election", the honorable Se-
nator and hs party told a very different story,
tcuehing the rmliliry designs and propensities ot
tbe President Tften his purpose was a "stansfttig-
?rmy" of SlOOOOmer—militta, it is true—to be
used, not to snbdu' tbe murde-ous Seminole, but to
ires rate the horrties of this free coumry, to break
down the Constitution and the Union, and cstabbsh
a military despotism uron the rums.
He (Mr Weight) could not forget this startling
ground of the Opposition during the late contest,
because he had then, as now, constantly found him-
self contending upon ¡his poirt before meetings of
ihe people, and then, as now too, as the result had
proved, contending against antagoms s who were
more ihan a ma'ch for htm. Then the President
was a fearful despot, a tyrant, and through the in-
strumentality of i ur neighbors, our friends, our fa-
thers, brothers, sois, the nnli'ia of the country, con-
verted into a standing army, not of regular soldiers,
w.th their permanent officers, but of militia, was to
desiro/ the liberties of this our beloved land, and
to rule our sixteen millions of people as a military
despot, supoorted and sus'ained by these 200,000
ci wen so die--.'
What is the Piesidcr.t now' In what frightful
aspect does the Senator present him to the country
on this day? As imbecile in tne extreme, as to termi-
nate an Indian waroisune four or five years'dura-
tion.^ Inch nasbsfiled the efforts ol our whole gallant
little army for that entire peuod, by means of a
sedentary army of six hundred men A corps of
sedentary rmhha of that formidable number.
Of one thing he (Mr. Weight) hoped he might
now a-.suie himself, and that was that tins new ar-
my of six hundred silting men would not frighten
from their propriety the great party of which the
honorab'e Senator was so distinguished a member,
nor render them inconveniently uneasy in regard
to the ^alety of the liberties of the country, most
esii en! y so «hen a few weeks must terminate the
MiMiTid of taeir pie ent chieftain.
Look at these pool ions. That man who, on
iht firt diys (f Hot ember, was to cleave down
the liberty o the people by a standing army of
milit a, was notv, in January, to defend the coun-
tty by 600 men, who«e duty i' was to sit, not
stand, and who were limited toan employment
withm twenty mi'es from the place on which they
sit Nov/ he thought t ere ws s a little extrava-
gince in all this, and he could not believe, after
an, that there would, thereby, be much added to
the expen es of the Government.
Mi CRITTENDEN read the order of General
Reed, to «i.ichhcbad referred, but the R«porter
could not 'bam a copy. Of the au horny oi trie
orde , Mr. C s-vd, h  kne'v nothing It had
been placed in his hards, and was a publication
liom a newspaper
Mr. WR'GHT had only referred to the mailer,
because ¡t had been introduced by the lunoiable
Sena ur He thought it wholly irrelevant to the
subject btfore the Senate, and vas not disposed to
consume further ti.ne about it What he had
Jcrned fiorn the results of tie gentleman, and
the extract he had read fnm an unknown authori-
ty, constituted the «hoie oí his information upon
the siitj«ct. He hadne/et befe re heard of even
the ext lence of this m htia force, this sittirg ar-
my, and he cer'am'y did not desire to extend re
marks upon a suhject about which be knew
notiung
A word upon another subject. The honorable
Senator complained that there had been a wanton
expenditure of money for supplies for the army in
Florida and the Cxeek and Cherokee countries,
