Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
US
26th Cong..--2\d 8ess.
Pre-emvtion Law—Mr. Colhoun.
Senate.
the revenue would overpower that of expenditures
by the Genera! Government, even on the most ne-
cessary objects, the consequence of which would be
such as has been stated. Be assured that the sys-
tem, once fairly commerced, would go on and
enlarge itself, till every biamhof revenue would
be atsorded, when the Givernment, dives'ed oí al'
Us cons itutit nal functions, would expire, undsr
universal scorn and contempt. Such must be the
end of this most dangerous and unconstitutional
measure, chould i' ever be adop'cd.
But tne Senator from Massachusetts [Mr Web-
ster] and others, allege that the cession of the
lands to the new States is rself but a mode of distri-
bution, with a view, doubtless, to weaken the fores
of my objecfons to this amendment. If it be
so, I can only say that it is not intended, and
if I can be satisfied that it is, I would be the
first to denounce it. lis ibject is to lemsdy
what I believe to be great and growisg disordpis in
the operation of oar land system, as it non exists,
but as dangerous as I regird them, Í would never
consent to remedy th«m by a measure which
I regard as vastly more dai'gerous. But the Sena-
tor will, if I mistake not, find it farmoie easy to
call it a schenv oí distribution, than to prove it to
be so, or even that it is m the slightest d-gtee
analogous to it in any paiticular, as I hope to
prove in some subseiuept stage of this discu sion.
I have heard, Mr. Presdenf, with p'easu>-e, the
deep denunciations level ed against he whole
scheme oí i istnbut on.v.hetner ap lied to tv> reve-
nue from lands or taxes. It strengthens my confi-
dence m the force oí truih, an 1 the conviction
that, if one has the coura.e to do his duty, regard-
less of defeat fm the tune, he may hope to
outlive error and misreprc-en'ation. Let me
add, if any of the denunciations were aimed at
me, they pas >rd harmless over me, and fell on ar-
other, against «htm I would b¿ the last to utter a
censure in his retirement and declining jcars, how-
ever opposed to him while in power. The Senate
will understand that I refer to Gfereral Jackson. !t
is, far from agreeab e to me to -ntrodu e his nime
here, or to speak of myself, but I am compelí d,
from the remarks made in a certain quarter, lo do
so, not from any feeling of egotism, (for I am too
inconsiderable to involve whai concern me indivi-
dually in the discussion of so grave a subject,) but
that I may not be weakened, a  the eppon-nt of
this met dangerous mcasuie, b/ anv ntsco cep-
tion of my past couise in re'ation to the scheme of
d stnbution
It has, sir, been my fortun  to be oppo -
ed to the sch-m^ from ihe beginning It origi-
nated with a former member of ihis body, Mr.
Dickerson, of Ne v Jerse , an 1 recen' y S-creUry
of the Navy, a> far baclr as the year 1837 Hi>
proposed obj *ct was to s .engt ini the prot°e ive ta-
riff interest, bj dis ribslng a fan of us procee Is,
(if I rememb-i coireetly, twe millions of do!l?rs )
annually, ame g the States, in the manner proposed
by this amrrdn^nt I took my stjnd rgnnst it,
promp'ly and decidedly, ci iU fira agita'.ioi, as a
measure dangerous and uncoj t tutional, and well
calculated to fix lh  proteo ive sys'tm p^manent'y
en the country. The n^xt year, the oppressive ta-
pir of 1828 was p «sed, and the ye, i afierwaids
General Jackson waselected Presi !enr, wi h the ex-
pectation, as far as S u'h Care lina sippo-ted him,
that he would use his pition&je ird n fker-e" to re-
peal that obnoxious aa, or al ler-t gret¡iy n Jucu
tne burthen it imposed
But it vas the msfor'jneof G-?n fai Jac'i on
and thecountiy, that when he an /->d 1 ere lo as-
suae the reigns of Government he «->s str<--i*.
ly prepossess-1 id favor of the plan of dis fib v tu,
the surelus revenue, afrei the final paymen oí the
public debt, under the impresión that it woild he
impossible to repeal that act, or reduce tat, da-
ties it imposed Hoív he reeei ed so da i-
gerous an impress on, I have never under-
stood; but "0 it was I speak not froii my
own knowledge, but from information that s un
questionaole, ftat hi= mau"ur,il addass contained
a passaio in favor of ihe d -iributioi, when n u-s
la'd before those whom he ha i selected for his first
cabinet, and that it -was w,ih difficulty he ass-iuej
to omit it, so strongly was he imp essed m its favor
—no doubt honestiy «ind sincerely impressed. His
first message to Confess, ¡n December, 1829, con-
tained a strorg recommendation of mat scheme,
which was repta ed with additional argumen's in
its íavor m his second message the succeedirg
}ear. A recommendat on from so high and influen-
tial quarter, could not but have a powerful effect on
public opimon. The Governors of two great
States, Penr'ylvaiva and New York, recommended
it to thsir Legislatures, who adapted resolutions in
its favor. That tbc view-! which he then enter-
tained may be fully understood, I ask the Secretary
to read the poraons of the two me sages, which he
wil1 find m irked m the volumes on his table, m ihe
order of their re pec'ive date".
[The Seere aiy read the following extiaets from
President Jackson's messes, Is and 2d sessions,
26 a Corgi ess]
Fust fusion Twenty siith C>?igiess
Aftci tbc e\Lii etion orthe public debt it is not pinhole llut
any aljistmeni ol the tarifl upo i principles si i factoiy tu
thepeoj e ofthe Lnion wul unttlaienite p"iiod if evei,
leave the Government wuhout a cons 'enble gurpius in tfic
Ifusui) beyond \\h t may beiequiieC foi i s ettient service
As t leu the pent d a¡ pleaches when the applrat on of the le
■\enueto to lllet ayment of debt will ceas" th" di positim of
the surplii will pie em a subiec iui the «eiiousdehneiunn
ol Congress, and l may bo fui unite for tho ciui u that u n
vet to be decided Co t^ideied in ^oime-nion with tEit. d"flicn!
oes vvmeh have heiclofoie attended a *pi0| nations foi y tu posea
ot internil impío emeu, and vvltlt tliotó which tin  \puien c
tttS us wit eeitxm y ailse whenever o vet ovtt a^hoitljecti
m y hrt t^eicibedby tilt Gencial Oiveinmcnt Hl^hopel tiiat
it m ty lead lo the adoi ion of s hoc plan vvh en wilt reconci'e
tiled ver^l ieu m eics s o! the lac5, and s len^ neil the bonds
\v noh unte them Fvet/ memb°i 11 ¡lie Umo i, in peat.e and
in war villi be beneii ed by the improvement ol mla dl tvl^a
1 n rfid theco^s'iuction of iiifrhway> in the «tve al ^fateb
Let u* thent-ii 'eavir to a tut tliw benefit m a mode vvnich wtl!
h^siiaiir iyioall That hither! a!tr>te!lia^ bv i mv of
out fei ow clli'" is beendepie ttd a^ an infr itti in uf ue Cm
s it ition, will e by otticis it f t^ t c i MCVtd t me\pe'ei
AHieelt'itti hasbetncnij t )l 1  t the c\[ en ool h i iu \ in
the e^uiiuvb council*
To tvoi 5 tlie<- eviK ! ip| t its M 1 lit t! " ino^t «ik jtHl,
andfeleia dlap< ilion whuti coul 1 tc mi et the->ut[lHte
vet ue woudbcui tppntitTuent uno 2 til tvei i states
act ^idtigti llitu i i tool lepie^ei ation ltd huuld tins met
surenot be f luutl witianted by the Consti titioi that it would
I e exped ent to propose to the "states an amendment author 7
m% it 1 iot,ard an tppeal to the Mice of powe. in cases of
tea! doub , an i wheie its exeicise is tleeme I indispensable to
the general welfti as anions the mos' saered of all our obh
gallons
/Sect)?itífeessiore, Tirpnty sut/i tungi^s
Iluvehei to'ore felt it my thuy to letommend tile adoption
of come plan fn tne distribution of the suipius funds whrli
mav at any tímele nam in the ficsniy ifei the national debt
sh ill have b en p sid a non^ the ísta es, in piopomuri to the
nuirbet of then repiesLiitatives, to be ajnlii-d bj theai to ob
lects ol internal impiovemeiit
Although th plan ha-ni t vviti favomsoin-, ition  Hie
1 nion uhasalsot)    le 1 ( b   ctio " \vh eh merit d libciatecoii
ci<.tior     Vbii  Í no t e c! lb   e    .i\ cttono   seie  will no
tncrelou  Tuns     cre<*tid da  oul ol uiace
T ev te^ ts 1 ii ts l icy have e ne to i n kiovvl d^c, on llie
filtowingf- nm1 U \irt s) etion lo tliu i l u ftilnl^i i
?\ At ,ap cheTsion that the \i'ence of such a tequia ion
wjuidpriluc imptovil 11 and op, lessive tP\auon loi tl '■the
In de lei tl c. rlout. n U i nal ti ° mi le ¡ opjsed ttoul i ¡ <id
toth^con tiueion ol wo li I a v alaiui to tie i \clt ton
of such as tit geneia! and a3 woe' i coi bcqueiitlybe ol a me e
useful chai ctcr, and last tha it would cieate a tioCiedi ible
and i put jusdepe i It ec n the put 1 the ^t i e C.  vciij! eui
upon the ! e iei > powet Ol those who ou¡ et (o the l t iu ol
repiesenntio ¡a= the basis oí d ^tnbti ion s une nsi t that tht
in oita to is ol tbc if si etive btatos wuti1 ' eo m uti tne 1 ai
\i HI d bw mi e tqjna lie a ' i e 12 it , th ¡' t ^ e\ tnt
of their lcspeotive ten It lies von 1 tuin h a an 'ai 1 t/iiuji
vvou d b i i  l -* e\pi dl nt ti 1 sub! let tly i ¡ i ab e I i
i ttio f ic, es uiat { t t d i ell o inv mind ap 1
ill does as      e of chvi u    cq i 1     l     tu e o   i    ban''
liif ra lot 1 co it i'n
t ei vu 11 o    t le c
of chvi u
1   l   wile li i   5*i
>ti  iso   n nit
fen 1    o be d    r bt
lie    on    1    ' tes   iot
o jvv h tm tit ts a b t i i *fir s ' e U li is
t¡ i i tit.nt il tiiesy em pro o ' i! i n/letuii'eu
tto is a ¡ eitam t_ o the uije t winch w "iu 1 ertlei adcpai
tu e to some ex ent fie n tne tu e oi couti b i ¡o t ( op r No
is i dbs>!ctt!> i "toss ly that tie b-> i t f di tub ti i b° ct n
fn"tlto oiettiound I raay il, n theiudTmentoi those who e
i ^otitis t illx t tibe dee" iel t olltt and jest tu ve it tl eir
el  tiac ei   bav    lf^T d lo se\  tul
In vy f   t mes ac   Is ate 1 it   jh  my oí i ion tl at' t is
l if proa ble in'   ny t ]u   ret    ifihc tai it uno   p  nenes
it! 1?< l y O te i eoi le of n«T ton will un ll ^ t note
reto i i evt.1 l ave the Ut din3 la t a co> idetj e
s'r I i 11 the T asti y beyen i vv latmay be i qme fot is
tuuei tt^ tFB  '    t ttave h id i o eat *e to 11          iljttotinnn
lit mieiticorli lit s lou'd be ec\pec a i sti-ieolzed,
asuitib'e feldwoild lb s b tl iucc 1 f r h- plan tl lei*
ca i iJei 11 n to op rate upon  an I f iu1 e be i o such iut 1 i s
d ptio i wdl m my opinion vv i ne in ury to ai v interest
let 1 can tot assent to titej s n SsOfthe   u           qi n mat the
est i sbu tut ofthe prvptscd system cu ^i d to the en
co ngene tofimpioviu0! t g la t t t „ eharac er sup
po=<"M \Un vet the piorar autholi y i the e\eiclse íí
cot stitu lcalnvvver sha'1 at any time heieaitct deci'etob
fu ne _eneiil í;o d v II, in that as in othei res icets, de e ve
an I receive the aeqt "s ence and s tpp ir of m* whole ^nt n ty
ant we1 av ample «eetiti y thaf ev=iy abase of pawet iu tna 
legar i by tigeala or the p^a^le wil! tecei e e spec iy in I el
feouaUonec ¡ve at their lends The viets vvnich I ta! c o'
the future louidetl on the obvious an 1 nc"ea u ■* i uprovement
of all classes ol our fellow citizens, in mtelligence, and in public
and prívete >mue leave me without mticli ^ppieheiisyn on
tiiat head
I do not doubt that taose who come aftci us wil! be as much
alive as we aie to th obligation upon all the trustees of political
power to exemptthose for whom they act fiom all unnecessary
burdens, andlas sensible ofthe gieat truth, that the resources
of the nation beyon I those requn ed foi immediate and necessa-
ry purposes of Government, can no w hue be so well deposited
as m the pockets of the people
Suui, I repeat, were unfortunately the opinions
which (i neral Jackson entcrta ned on this all im-
pt rtant question, when he came irto power. I
Saw tne danger in its full extent, and did not hesi-
tate to take an open and decided stand against the
measure which he so earnestly recommeuded; and
that was the first question on which we separated.
In placing myself in opposition to him on a measure
bo vital, I was not lgDorant of ihe hazard to which
I exposed rnjself, but the «.ense of duty out-
wei.hed all ether corsideianrns I clearly saw,
fist there would be an mcfta ed surplus revenue,
aftei the final payment of the public deb', a period
then rapidly approaching; and that, if it was once
distributed to the States, it wou'd rivet on the
country the tariff ot '28, to be followed by count-
less disas ers from the combined effects of the two
m-asures. Had it been adopted, the last ray of
1 ope of repealing or reducing that oppressive and
ruinous mea ure would have van shed. It would,
by its seductive influence, have drawn over
to its support the very States, whose prosperity
it v as crushing, not excepting South Caro-
¡■ta itself. Tne process is not difficult to ex-
plain.
For ftat purpose, I will take the case of
South Carolna, and will assum-? mat her citi-
z ns paid, urdei the tariff of 1828, four millions
of dollar's mm the Treasury of ihe Union, whtch
is prrbably not fdr from the tiuth, at d would have
ttc iv.d b?ci< iindr toe propped di tnbuuoa
of the su'pitt , but one 'ourth, making one million.
The sum to be distributed, as his fliesdy been
•ua'ed, wou'd not have been e u.n ed to the people,
but to the Tieasury of ihe Sta e, to be disposed of
by the Legis'a urr, or to speak mote ¿pec fieally,
by the sm 11 port on, whieh, for the lime, would
have had control over the dominant majority sf the
Legislature. All who hive experience m the
affair! of Govirnment, will readily understand
that no disposition would have been made of it,
but what they and their friend? and Supporters
would have had a full share of the profits and
pol tical advavaprs tobe derivtd from Us admi-
nistration and rxpe'iduu'-e. Thus an interest
would be ci«ated on the pan ol t.se controlling in-
fluence in the S'atefir the line, advei etoit—an
neii-stto sustain the tariff, .is ihe m-¿ms of sus-
taining the distribuí on, and that f r the plain rea-
son, tha' fry would recenc more fioTj the former
than  tiii-v would ray  as ot zens u der the duties.
Now, sir, when we refieet ¡hat ihe amount taken
by the dut.es out of the pockets of the people, was
cxt-acted m so round pboatand conce-led a man-
n r that no one, no, not tne best m'ormed and
snrev-dest calculator, coald a>certiin wiih precision
uhat he pa d, while that íece ved hick from distri-
bution wou d have been seen at d ftl by ¡hose into
t hose hand  it vonli have pa^v-d, it wi'l be readi-
Iv understood,net en y bow aicse who participated
ctiieetly in is ad\aniaf<=s, but the people them-
sehes, wou'd b^we beta so dslud d as to believe
tha' Ihey gained mole ny ti e cis r bniion than what
they ') ' by the tariff, csp ciaf'y when ihe domi-
nant influence m the Sate wt til Í have been mte-
restel in creaarg and keeping op the delusion.
It is thus that the re ult ot the sCijeire would
have been to coinDine at d units into oae compact
ma'o ire dom naut intnr-'ts ut all the States, with
'he gieat dommínt mure t ot the Union, to perpe-
"ite a system of p undoing the pcop'e of ihe pro-
due's of their lab ^r, espec.aiy the South, to be d -
vided amon¡  'ho-e, with -heir partisan , who could
con'rol the politcsof ihe cotnitty It was against
tm- d nrg and pi of! isate scheme that South Caro-
l na interposed her sovereign authority, and by that
mt-ipos tion,a>51 sotemnlv believe, saved the Con-
stitution ..id the hbeny ofthe country.
Bat that step, as bold and decisive as it was,
could not accompli* all To save the manufac-
turing merest, and avoid the ha?ard oí reacion, it
was necessary to reduce the duties on the protected
articles gradually and slowiy Th  ct nsequence was
a continued overflow of the Treasury, notwiht-u
