Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
S6th Cong—2vd Skss.
In reply to Mr. Webster and Clay—Mr  Calhoun.
Senate.
for distribution to the Sta es or their cit.zen , it can
as well raise it for ih-it purpose by excise, direct
taxation, or tu any o her way in wh'eh it can raise
revenue at all, and see whit a state of things may
be produced by the practical app'ieuion of this
splendid policy. Push foiward the interests to be
enlisted, until the revenue from customs fails to sa-
tisfy them; try the excise, snd it must soon also
fail; and than come to a direct tax, to be levied upon
all property by a fair valuation, and distributed per
cipita to the wh de people, and we shall have a «ys-
tem of agrananum, established under our Constitu-
tion and laws, more peifect than any which had
come to his knowledge, devised by the most radical
Loes Foco in the land Gentlemen might say this
was putting an extreme case and an improbable
supposition. So he considered the proposition for
distribution of any portion of the public revenues,
in any form, and to any parties, other than for the
legitima'e expenditures of the c mmon Govern-
ment, and more equally to dis'nbute a material
pirtion cf he necessary revenues of a deficient
Trea ury. If ihe Utter was constitutional and
lawful, he left it for those who cou'd do so to show
why the former was not equally so in principle,
however much less w se it mijht be considered in
practice. All these considerations, had produced
the most clear conviction in his inn d that the pow-
er of distribution, in any form, ought not to exist,
and, not being found in the Coi sn'ution among the
enumerated and expressly g anted rowers, ,nat
Congress ought not 10 assume it firm distant im-
plication, or upon doubtful coivsnuc ion
Another argument had boi n used m favor of this
propos tion, which he wished very briefly to no-
tice It was that the creeJit of the States was de-
pressed, and it was our duty to aid m raising
them again, and restori ig their stocks and
bonds to a current and p-r value. He dif-
fered from the gent'em&n up< n the other side
in relation to our duties touching the S'ale
debts and the Slate credits. In his opinion,
our duties would be btst discharged by a tending
to ihe business of t1 is Government, and leaving* t*-e
Stales to attend to theirs, by exercising he tax ng
powers given to us by ihe Constitution, to pay the
debts and sustain the cri dit and faith and honor of
the Union, and leaving the soveieign States to pro-
vide for then own debts, m their own time and
way, and through their own powers of taxation
We seemed to forget that the constituency is the
same in bo'h cases The people to be taxed in
each Sta e are the same, whether the tax be im-
posed by a law of Congress, or by the authority ot
the State, and the powers of each State to impose
taxes upon its inhabitants, for its purpose-!, are a 
plenary as are ours to rapos-1 taxes upon th« in-
habitants of all the Stabs, for the pnrpo es of tt e
common Government He would be the last mm
to do any act intentionally to injure any State, 01
its credit; and might we not, by an interference
with their debts and their credit, not entrusted to
our care and keeping-, actually inflict injury while
intending to benefi1 them' Their stocks and be nás
were said to be d-pressed in the fortign markets and
in the bands of foreign holders, but how came they
so depressed, an 1 by whom had the depression been
pr ducect1 By the.e same foreign holders and pur-
chasers. What are we told is the actual condition,
at tms time, of large amounts of these 9eeunt,es
abroad' Not that they have been sold in the mar-
kets, even at depressed prices, or s0i,| at all, but
that they have been h> potritc.ited for comparative-
ly trifling advances, and under conditions cf for-
feiture which have alresdv attached lie could not
vouch for the amount of these secur ties so siuiated,
but be spve from pnb ic report, which had pie-
vailed through the new papers, and e se where, for
many months, without ronttadietion uheh had
met his none, when h' said thai About a hun-
dred millions in amount were supposed to be thus
hypothecated, and that the average advances were
said not materially t > exceed 50 per cent, upon the
par vame. If we proceed, by our legislation at d
th; 'pp'icauon of our means, to rai«e these stocks,
thus 'situated, thus voluntarily depressed by the
holders, up to par, is theic not danger that we shall
s'imulate their cup duy to perfect the foiieiture be-
fore the State* can command the mean? to redeem
'heir pledges, ar-d thus, m effect, make fir
tunes lor th se hoideis of the h pnhfctted
slocks, and throw into the current markets,
against the S'ates, debts doubh m amount to
the considerations they will have received'! If
such s,hou'd be a consequence of our interference,
does any one doubt lhat the injured States wou'd
call upon Congress to pay that portion of their
debts to which its gratuitous action shall have given
force and value, without consideration to them?
Let the Stab's manage these matters themselves
They understand the terms upon which their secu-
rities are held at home and abroad, and their own
interests in regard to them, nor are we at liberty to
assume that our interference is necessary to protect
iheir faith. The holders have taken the stocks at
depressed prices by agreement, ar.d equity le'ween
them and their debtors demands that the future re-
gulation of the value of the securities should be
left with them.
Another ground upon which this policy of distri-
butes was urged in some portions ot the c untry,
if not here, was, that it would favor the protection
of American wdnstry and Ami riean interests, by
calling for an increase of duties upon imports. He
had addressed the Senate, a few days since, upon
this point, and regreded to find that he had been so
unfortunate as to be understood by very fe#, and
entirely misunderstood by many. He would now
briefly restate the substance of ne argument he ih-n
intended to make, whni be would yield ihe floor to
the distinguished Senator [Mr. Clay] who was to
follow him
In the minds of those who advoca'ed the mea-
sure oí distributing the proceeds of the public
lands to the States, upon the ground above stated,
he suppo ed ihe reasoning to be that, as the Trea
sury now requires all the revenue it derives, both
fnm the eust ims ard Ihe U-nds, it the le^enue
fro"i tie lands Le uk n from it, tint fie tu the
customt mus' be mcreastd in a like amount, thus
rais ng the rates of duty upon imports and cors -
quently adding to the protection afforded by the
present laws His effort was to show that ihis con-
clusion did not tollow f'om the prem.ses, as a ne-
nessary consequence, for the e reasons.
A duty, wha ever may be Us rate, affords no
protection, while the importer of the foreign pro-
duct or fabric, against which the protection is re-
quired, holds ^ole and exclusive possession and
control of the market. Sucha duty may yield a
rich revenue, and fill the Treasuty,but unt 1 i's
operation commences to b  exclusive an'1 pio'sib -
tory upon the impor cd article, it affords no pro-
tection to the American competing interest When
it dots commerce to be exclusive and pn hibitoty,
and thus begins to .iff rd protection, by gtvirg a
po tion of he market to the dimcstic micre-t, we
necessary consequence must be a diminution of
revenue from that duty in the same degree, and to
the same exten', the ra e of duly remaining un-
changed. These seemed to him to be positions too
plain to require illustration.
He then contended that to separate p-rman-ntly
from the Treasury a source of internal revenue so
productive as that ot the public lands, mi'ht en-
danger, instead of a ding, the proteo ive policy, and
his reas ning to support this conclusion was, that
an inciense of the rate of a duty might not m-
c-ease, and m ght actually diminish, lb  amount of
revenue derived from that duty, though th" irerea e
of the rate would inerei.e the proteo'ion just as far
as it shou'd ha"e the effect to dimmish imuorta ion
that when the dimimit on of ímporiation shou d be
greater in the proportion than the increase of the
rate of the dutv, the revenue would be dimini hod,
thourih the protection would be increased that if
,hen it should I eeome neces ary to increase the
amount of levenne to be dente 1 from th s part cil-
iar importation, the only way to accrmplish that
olj ct would be to reduce the rale of the duty, and
thus surrender the p,o'ection afforded to 'he neces-
sity for revenue that to avoid ucn a nec*«sity, as
far as possible, it was the true policy of the inte-
rests seek ng protec ion, to foster and preserve,
and n t to squander or give a<%a>, eveij
for source of 'ntunal revenue, lh?t the trea-
sury might be made, to sQrae extent at leas,
independent  of   importjiuons,   and   that som
duties partially exclusive and piohibitoiy m t5nr
tffects night be preserved m a permanent tariff,
wnhout producing an empty Treasury That ihe
po'icy now advocated, of making the Treasury ex-
clusively dependent upon a revenue by import,
must place ihe protected interests in entire subjec-
tion to the necessity for revenue, and, therefore,
make it impossible to establish any sjstem of pro-
tection which would not be subject to be suntnt'er-
ed to that necssity, whenever the fluc'uations of
trade and the ever varying changes of mspurla uns
shorld interpose it. That Oongics cannot compel,
but only invite, importations, in any branca of
tradi, and that, therelore, when our Tn a my sh, il
be made solely dependent upm revenue tiom rn-
posts, our system of protection may be p'acod
more within ihe control of foreign in'eiests tN;m
our own, as the foirner interests must con*rol, to a
great extent, our import trade, ai d may, to a very-
great «x.ent, our levenufs fiom that sourc That,
while we have s urces oí internal revenue from
which we can supply our Treasury, we may, oy
countervailing lfgnUtion, counteract, foreign po-
licy hostile to our mteiests, but when we must
have the revenue, ws may r ot be ab e to adopt
the countervailing measures required, consist-
ently with that I'fcessitv And thai, the in-
ternal revenue fiom the lands bem¿ dr-pored cf,
the only means wuhin ihe power of Congress to es-
cape an entire dependence upon impost, were inter-
nal excise and direct taxation—mer-ns for raising
revenue which no man c< u d hope Congiess would
ever adopt merely to preserve the prote< uve ; olie y
Such is a brief outhn  of the aigumi i t h e I-
fered to the Senate upon the former o oís o" re-
ferred to, anJ he would not go faur cr n a repc i-
tton of it now He did pit know t'at 'he tiii>
were s und, bu> *■* thought th m worthv of n.aiure
consuleratK n bt fire this pnpo ed f'is,osu, Let    ic
Ian ! levfrue «hould be nade up' n th s ' 1 cf
f^voiii g p-ot etion Iloeeuldn t so vi vis u-
dency, or believe that sjth would le t< pr.>o 'oal
eflcc s, ard, as one favorab e to the pol cv oí p c-
teclion, as incidental lo ihe riising cf ihe uec s(1 y
revenue f r the National Trra i ry, he should fuel
cause for opposition to it on this ground.
SPEECH  OF  MR. CALHOUN.
01  SOUTH CAROI ¡\A
In  Senate, January   30,   1&41—la  reply   to   t <3
«.peeches  of Mr   Webster and Mi   Cl<7, on.
M    CiuTTENOi *j"s ame du' nt to  dt tubuic  u
revenue   from   the   pabhc  lan^s   an oig   tra
State .
Mr CALHOUN sa d no on" wno ha i ¡> t°«df i
to ihis debate cou d doubt 'hat th" < ession of Vir-
ginia, on w if!  ih" right to distribute th  revenue
Iiom he public lands had heretofore bcei placel,
was al'ogether too narrow to support th>¡; mea-
sure. The portion of the pabl cilowm c dei bj
her is small in amount, when compand with tt-e
who'e, and by far ihe better portion of i had ai-
read) been d sposed of, leavip? a residue alto-
gether too inconsiderable, to tí ct h e'jeet m-
tendrd by the CuSirihu ion The other, ami mur i
the laigtrporaon of th' public doma n, con is' i ^
of Alabama, Mi°s * lppi, P'onda, aid tie eiiiiw
region West cf the iv1i6Sf:sIppl river, vas put-
chased out of ihe common fund of the Union, * d
nocons'ruc l"! which could be put oa the deed of
cession from Virg n a co 11 possibly  'p> to it
Thi'i was seen a'fl felt by ti e tno lead n; ue)u.
cates of this am rdmcrt on tre o her s| e oí I e
Chamber, [Mr Clay and Mr Wtcsirn,] , t.<
they accord rn.lv erji!ea"OveJ to f rd ou o oi'^er
ground on whieh to p'ace the risht, b'oa ' enm a
to support the wnole, and found it, as llrv sup-
posed, in the provisten oí the Ce,n<a lu ¡on ve i „ft
give to Congress the pov-er to dispose oí t >. t>i-
n ones anf oih°r property belong ng to t ie l,m ,1
States In this they both concurred, *o far ?«, tn
revenue denveJ from the lands vas ce n i rti <'
But tne Senator from Massachusetts, vitl o m
views than his associate, extended t ir r aht °i <'i
ir'butwg, as I unde«s'ood h m, 'o 'bo ent re r ve-
nue__comprehending i, w ll tviat rec i,c   irom
taxes as from 'sn is                                               «
[Mr. Wjbsteb interposed, ard domed that h«
bad said ¡>o ]
