ían. 184 i.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13/
26th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
In reply to Mr. Webster and Clay—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
concern.   It would be to make that separate wh'ch
his pmcipals intended to be common.
When I look, Mr. Piesident, to what induced the
Sta'es, and especially Virginia, to make this mag-
nificent cession to the TJniun, and toe high and
patriotic motives urged by the old Congress to in-
duce them to do it, and turn to what is now pro-
posed, I am struck with the contract, and the great
mutation to which human affairs are subject. The
great and patriotic men of foimer times regarded it
as essential to the consummation of the Union,
and the preservation of the public faith, that the
lands should be ceded as a common fund; but
now, men distinguished for their ability and in-
fluence, and who are about to assume the high
trust of administrating the Government, are stnv
ing, with all their might, (and that, too, when
this fund is most needed,) to undo their holy woik.
Yes, sir, distribution and cession are the very re-
verse, in character and, effect, the tendency of one %s
to union, and the other to dmnton. The wisest of
modern statesmen, and who had the keenest and
deepest glance into futurity, (Edmund Burke,)
truly said that the revenue is the State, to which I
add, that to distribute ihe revenue, in a confedera-
ted community, among it> members, is to dissolve
the community—that is, with u«, the Union, as
time will prove, if ever this fatal measure should
be adopted.
There is another contrast, not less striking. The
States composing the old Confederation, m their
extreme jealousy of power, adopted the system of
requisition, as the means ot supplying the common
Treasury, but that proving insufficient, it was
changed, with the adoption of the pie ent Constitu
Hon, into the system of laying taxes duectly on in-
dividuals. But, now, it is proposed to reaiore vir-
tually the exploded system of requisition, butm the
reverse order—requisitions of the States on the
Union, instead o. the Union on the States and
thereby reversing the relation which the wise and
patriotic founders cf our political institutions re-
garded as essential to liberty Ttiey regarded it as
a fundamatttal principle, that the people should
grant the suppl es to the Government, in order to
keep it dependent on them. But, now, this is to
be reversed, and the Govtrnment, in the <hape of V
distribution, is to grant supplies to the people.
How is th r to be done1 How can the Government,
which, with all its legislation, does not produce a
cent, grant '•upp ie* to those vsho are the producers
ofa'l? I will tell you, the supples tobe dis'n-
buted to the States, are to be collec ed in a
roundabout, concealed manner, under the plau-
sible pretext ot taxing luxuries, (wmei and
silk*,) to be paid by the rich, or nobody, as
we aie told, to meet the requisitions of ihe Govern-
ments of the States, lest their constituents sheuld
turn them out for taxing them directly and openly.
Yes- we are plainly toid that the S ates have sur-
rendered ihe right of taxing imports, the most easy
and convenient mode of raising a revenue—that
is, the most concealed and ingenious way to the
pockets of the' people; and that it is the duty of this
Government, to which this convenient contrivance
is intrusted, to raise supplies by its use, not only
to meet its own wants, but also to meet those of
the States. Whit monstrous and dangerous per-
version !
If (continued Mr. Caihoum) I have been suc-
cessful in demonstrating the utter unconstitution-
ality of this dangerous scheme, as I trust I have,
the Senate will not expect me to follow the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] in his excursive flights
in favor of the expediency of this, his favorite and
cherished scheme. If Cong ess has no right to
adopt li, there is an end of the whole affair, but
there is one of the good effects he imputes to;t,
that I cannot pass in silence. He asserted that
it would finally setile the dispu'es and agitations
growing out of questions connec ed with the public
lands, by reconciling and harmonizing all con-
flicting interests, and restoring kind feelings in.
relation to them, between the old and new States
Such are his anticipation , but wi 1 they be re-
ahzedi Let ihe ¡one wuh which the Senators
from Missouri [Dr. Linn] and Arkansas [Mr.
Sevier] denounced his scheme, answtr. Does
he not know that every Senator fiotn the new
States, with the exception if those from Indiana,
are opposed to his measure? Can he, in the face
of such facts, really hope for a final settlement
of the vexed que tion of the public lands, or a
restoration of harmony between the o'd and new
Slates in relation to them? On the con'raiy, will
it not embitter the feelings on both sides' Can he
expect that ihe new States would see with favor a
moitgage 'aid on that portion of the public domain
lying within their limns, for the security of the
holders of State bonds'! Such, virtually, would be
the case, should the distribution be made The
holders would regard it «s a pledge; and to wi fa-
hold it, when once made, as a violation of fai'h
Would it conciha'e the slaple States—the grow-
ers of rice, cotton, and tobacco—on which the tax
to make good the deficiency caused by the distribu-
tion must pnncipa'ly fall' It is in vain you tell
them that the duties on wines and silks would fall
on the consumers, or on th« producers of those ar-
ticles abroad. Tney know, by woful experience,
that it ma'ters hule to them whether the duty be
laid on the export of the staples they pioduce, or
the importation of products received in exchange;
wheiberthe duties be piid en iheir pfbduct  going
out of poit, or ihe re urn cargo coming in View-
ing it in that light, the people of those S ates will
regard the measure as a cormmgly devised scheme
to pay the debts of others a' their expense.
Wou d it, 1 pgain a k, reconcile the Stat-s free
from debt? Will they be sa'isfied to be taxed to
pay the deb s of tie Sates which have been less
ciutious in their engagements than themselves? I
ask the Senators from New Hampshire—would
their State, happily free from all debt, be satisfied'
Instead of the firal settlement of the question, or
the restora ion of harmony, it nould unsettle the
whole subject if the public lamii, and ihrojr the
apple of dis--o d amar ihe S ates
Having cow said wh^t I intended on the im-
mediate question under consideration, I avul my-
self ot ihe opportunity to reply to tie objection
which have been made to the proposition I offered,
in an earlier stnge of this dt cjssiop, to cede to
the new State? the lands lying within thnr respect-
ive limits, on ju t and equitable condition?. The
Senate will recollect that the debate on that mea-
sjrejerniina'el unexpectedly, and wihout afford-
ing me an opportunity of answenn? the objections
against it. As there will, probably, be no other
opportunity ef meeting then, I trust it will be
a sufficient apolcgy ¡oi dung so on t.ns oca-
sión.
I begin w th what,  o m-, wou d be th  m s*
formidable objection, that, under ihe ga b of a
cession, the measure is, in f;.ct, but a mole of
distribution I reply, as on a ions er occsiu'i—
prove it, and I shall renounce it at rice .'ti'
forever. Cut I cannot take assertion for p" of,
however boldly made Unul it is "roved, I ha1!
regard the cnargc of distribution, coming as it does
from the open advocat s of that measure, as ongi-
natmg in a conscious feeing that, so farlrem
being populai, the scheme has no hold on ihe
affections of the people if they bei evej. it to Im-
popular, those who «o warmlv oppose c s-ion
woulf be the last to call it distribution
It is next objected, that it is a gift of the land 
to the new States Be it so I wou d infinite]/
rather make a gift oftne ivhol , thin oadiptihe
fatal policy of distribuían, and if it should re re
ees*ary to defeat it, I vvould regard a surreneler of
the whole as a cheap sacrifice. I go futher and
hold, that if the hnds, instead of being r gardeJ as
the property of the Union, should te regarded as
the property of the Sia es separately, the new
Sta es would hive the best ngnt to the oor ion
wi'hut their limit*. They posse's, unquestionably,
the eminent doma n, vhich would have cair ed
with it the property in the putlic lands with
in their oorders respectively, had they not
surrendered it, by special agreement, on their
admission into the Union. But that agiee-
ment was with the Untied Stales, and the surrender
of the property in the lands was to them, and it
may be fsnly questioned how far ihe pgrcement,
on their admisión, wou d be binding on ¡hem,
should the revenue from the lands bs perverted
from the use of the Uiatei Slztes to thai of the
States separately, as is proposed by this scheme of
distribution.
But is the cession a gift' Does it propose a sur-
render of the land for nothing? Is 65 per cent,
of the gross proceeds to be paid into the Trea,-
sury, no hmg? Is it nothing to put an end to the
angry and agitating debates which we witness,
session after session, constantly increasing m vio-
lence? Nothing, to save the time, and labor, and
expense of Congress' Nothing, to curtail one-
fourth of the patronage of the Government, and
that of the most dangerous charade,? Nothing,
to raise the new S'ates to a level with the old?
Nothing, to remove this great disturbing cause
which so injuriously influences oar legislation' Is
it nothing, finally, to substitute a system in lieu
of the present, as far as the lands lying within the
new States are concerned, which, m addition to
all the-e considerations, proposes the only prac-
tical me.hod of prevfntmg the loss of the lands,
and which, so far from a pecuniary loss, will
bring more into the Treasury than the present sys-
tem' I boldly assert that such would be the case;
as I may well do now, as no one opposed to
Ihe measure has vcntuied to question the cor-
rectnes, of the calculation, or the data on which it
rests
But the S nator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay]
says it is a gift, because trimy-five per cent.
lv too high a compensation to tne Siales for
t*-e r externe and trouble in managing the
land. He estima es the actual expense, all things
included, at ik per cent, on the grois receipts, and
say- that all beyond that is a gi t to the S ate . He
has ventured this a«>r ion, with the report of the
Committee on the Public Lands at ihe last session
before him, containing, in detail, from ¿he proper
department^, an estimate of trie expei <se, which, on
a supposition that the axera.e aniual s^le of 'he
portion of the land m question v ould average two
and a half millions, wojld aiiojnt to 22 per cent.
The Senator has omitted all the expenses, except
that of selling ihe lands, when, by turning to the
tiMes-, li3 will find that near'y one- h.rd is yet to be
surveyed and platte', ihat a large ami unt mu^t be
paid foi extinguishing Indian titles, and removing
Indians to the West He a'so overlooks that the
five per cent, fund r to be surr ndered by thi se
Sute, a s_,ra of i s'lf, equal to double ihe amount
which he has estimated as the entire expense to
whfi the S a'°s would b> su'jf-ct.
To th'se Ihj,* i ems must Lc l'dul donsuons,
whu.li in tetd i ' *>eing pifde as th'y have hereto-
fore Ven, by Congies-, are, if ma"e by ihe States,
to be jia d ft r Lv in ,.i <n ipj vll ng price of the
land at 'h™ nn , a I iwuig ihe j 35 ppr ctut, and
a'so the skills Sjicnt oi miernal imp-e veuvnt
wild), wi i the ficp ion ot he p «ion spent on
tKe Mis ¡>s pi and O no, are to ttimina'e-, and,
finally, the savn g ot expensa n our legi&<a-
tion, and m the General La"d Office, ¡n conse-
quence of meces-io!, a i of w ich the ¡as ía or has
omitted—Limited, r o w fhstar.d ng they are to
be fojnd in the repo t roe ore, mm, ano to wh.ch
he his ref r ed in t e debate Thece, a  I have
sited, a loi nt to 22 ¡.er cent on the s,rcss
a"on t of tVsie, to uhtch the committee has
added 13 pii cen* maung the 35—not as a gratui-
ty, but on 'he ground of lib ral compensation be-
yond mere expen e end saVln  lo this Govern-
ment, as bctsi right nt i'"lf, and n cessary lo en-
mare the hearty co opera ion uf the States, in carry-
ing om a measure th it would be hi.hly bejehcial
to the «hole Uu on, an 1 which coald not be suc-
ce-s'ully earned oui -.nhoat sue"! co-operation on
the par, tf the S'ates Not a cent has be n pro-
posed to be allowed, wh ch could be avoided, with
just regard to sound policy.
Dot the S^na'or was not content with holding out
the d fference of what he «as pleased to regard the
actual expense, and the 35 per cent a a gift. He
took s ronger grounds, and pronounced it to be a
gift of ail ihe pub ic lands, on ihe assumption that
the cssiion would be extended to tne States hereaf-
ter lo cofre in, on then ai'mission, and, next, to
the Teirittnes, and, finally, to ihe whole ©f the
public domain. I will not undertake to reply to a
mere assumption without proof, farther man to
say, that every measure of sound policy may be m
