Jaw. 184Í.
At £ÉNBlS: TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBÜ.
i.3.9
26th ConS""2nb Sess.
In reply to Mr. Wtbster and Clay—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
rity and greatness of our country. They were
precisely in the condition most favorable to that
mode of settlement which was best calculated to
secure liberty, civilization, and properity. Had
they been more numerous or powerful, the settle-
ment of our country would either not have been
•made at all, or would have been by the im-
mediate agency and superintendence of the Go-
vernment with a force not only sufficient to expel
or subjugate the aborigines, (as in Mexico by the
Spaniards, and Hindos'an by the English,) but also
sufficient to keep the c,61onies in subjection.
How great a change such a mode of settlement
would have made in the destiny of our country, is
not necessary to be explained on this occasion.
Bat, as it was, they were not too strong to prevent
settlement by hardy and enterprising emigrants,
inspired, ¡n some instances, with a holy zeal to
preserve their religious faith in its purity; in others,
by the love of adventure and gain; and in all, with
a devotion to liberty. It is to settlements formed
by individuals so influenced, and thrown, from the
beginning, on their own resources almost exclu-
sively, that we owe our enterprise, energy, love of
liberty, and capacity for self-government.
But there is another consideration, not less im-
portant, connected with the occupancy and condi-
tion of the aborigines. Had they not existed at
all, or been too weak to prevent our people from
spreading out over the vast extent of the continent,
without resistance, or resistance top feeble to keep
them within moderate limits, in the rapid and wide
outspread aftergame, pasturase, or choice spots on
which to settle down, the far larger portion would
have lost all the arts of civilized life, and become
fierce herdsmen and barbarians, like our ancestors;
and like them, in their frequent inundations over
southern Asia and Europe, would have overflowed
and debated tl-e civilized agricultural and com-
mercial settlements along the coast, excepting sueh
as might be protected by walls and fortifications.
It is to this fortunate combination of facts con-
nected with the aboriginal population, that they
were not strong enough to prevent settlements in
the manner they were actually formed, while they
were sufficiently strong to prevent the too rapid
Spread of our population over the continent, that
we owe, in a great measure, our wonderful suc-
cess. A change in either the one or the other would
have changed entirely, in all probability, the desti-
ny of our country.
The bearing of this digession on the point under
consideration will be readily perceived. We have
grown, indeed, to be so powerful, that the aborigi-
nes can no longer, resist us by force, and when
there is no danger that the arts of civilized life
would be lost by the spreading out of our popula-
tion; but the aboriginal population would not
therefore cease to perform an important function
in our future growth and prosperity, if properly
treated. They ate the land wardens or keepers of
our public domain, until our growih and increase
of popnlaiion require it, as the means of new settle-
ments. But till then, our interests, no less than
justice to them, require that their occupancy should
continue; and if the extinguishment of their title
should continue to outrun the rsgular demand of
our population for settlement, as rapidly in pro-
portion hereafter, as it hashetstofore, it is difficult
to conceive the confusion and difficulty which
must follow. Those we now experience are no-
thing to those which would come. That such
must, however, prove to be the case, to a great ex-
tent, if our land sysiem continue as it is, I hold to
be certain. The cause, as 1 have said, is inherent
in the system as it exists and, if not corrected, will
impel our population, by its necessary operation,
from the States to the Territories, and from them to
the Indian possessions; which I shall now proceed
to explain.
The system, as it now stands, embraces three
powerful causes, all of which conspire to pro-
duce these results: pre-emption, as proposed by
this bill, before survey and sale; the auc-
tion system, under its actual operation; and a fixed
minimum for all the lands, be the quality or
the time which they have been offered for sale
what they may.    They act together, and joint-
ty contribute  to  the results^ I have attributed to
them.
My friends from the new States, who are
so much attached to pre-emption, as proposed by
this bill, must excuse me for speaking my opi-
nion freely of their favorite measure. The con-
sequences involved are too important to keep si-
lence.
What, then, is the pre-emption principle? and
how doe's it operate as a part of ihe existing land
system? It is neither more nor less than to say to
every one, when the Indian title is extinguished to
anew portion of the public domain, that you may
go, and search, and tike all the choice parts, the
fenile spots, the favorable localities, the town sites,
or whatever other advantages any portion may
possess, at $1 25 per aere; and that not to b« paid
till the lands are offered at auction, which may
be many years thereafter. What, then, is its
operation, bat to give pick and choice of the
public, domain to the active and enterprising, who
are best acquainted with the tract of country to
which the Indian title is extinguished, with the
speculating capitalists, who may choose to as-
sociate with them? It is like spreading out a
large table, having a few choice and costly dnhes
intermixed with ordinary fare, and opening the
door to the strong, and the few that may be near-
est to rush in and select the. best dishes for them-
selves, before the others at a distance can enter
and participate. And can we wonder, with such
sd vantages, that there should be an active and
powerful interest constantly, at work to extin-
guish the titles of the Indians in rapid succession,
without regard to the demand of our increasing
population; to spread out table after table, that
the may gotge their appetites on the cho'cest dishes,
and slake their thirst with the most c stly wines;
leaving the ordinary fare, with the crumbs and
bcni's, to the rest of the community?
But this is not ail. Alter this picking and choos-
ing, under the pre-imption, as it has heretofore
operated, and wh ch it is now proposed to make
prospective and perpetua1, comes the auction sys-
tem, that is, the sales of ihe UndJ at vendue t-> the
highest bidder. Nothing could be more just and
equal, if fairly carried out; but it is notorious that
the very opposite is the case under its actual ope-
ration. Instead of leaving the lands to be deposed
of to the bids of individuals, according to their con-
ception of the value of each tract, the whole is ar-
ranged beforehand, 6t/ combinations of yoiverjul ar.i
wealthy indicUun's, to take the choice of the lands
left by the pre-emptioners, and to run down all in-
dividual competition, so tbat no one can obtain
what he wants without joining them; and thus
another powerful interest is united with the fornvr,
to extinguish ihe Indian title—to spread out another
table.
The next features of the system so much lauded
operates the same way—I refer to what is called
the minimum price; that is, of fixing one invaiia-
ble price of $1 25 an acre for all lands not sold at
auction, wiihout regard, as has been said, to quality,
or the time it has been in market. The effect of
this, with a quantity on hand to which the Indian
title is extinguished so far exceeding the demand
of the community, is to sink the value of all the
unsold land which has not been offered at
auction, to a price below the minimum, except
a small portion of the best, whic-h is annu-
ally purchased. Taking the aggregate of the
whole of the lands in the new States, it would,
according to its estimated present value by
the Committee on the Public Land?, not be worth,
on an average, more than 164 cents per acre. Tbs
result is, that no one is willing to give the minimum
for the inferior or les-* valuable portion. Hence
comes that great and growing evil, of occupancy
without purchasing; which threatens the lo-s of the
public domain, unless arrested by some speedy and
decisive remedy. It has already extended far be-
yond what is thought of by those who have not
looked into the sobj-'Ct, and is still rapidly pro-
gressing. I have taken some pains to ascertain to
what extent it has extended in two of the States
—Illinois and Alabama. It is probable tbat there
are not less than thirty thousand voters in those
States, residing on public lands as mere occupants,
without title. In a single Congressional district in
Alabama, there are, by estimate, six thousand vo-
ters. But, as great as this evil is, it is not all.
The fixed minimum price co-operates wish the pre-
emption and auction systems to impel emigrants,.
espically < f the more wealthy class, to turn from
the States to the Territories, where • the land has
been less culled over; and from the Territories to
the Indian lands, for the same reason; thus urging
forward our population farther and farther, and
driving before them the Indian tribes, unmindful
of the dispensation of a kind Providence, which
placed them as a restraint on the too rapid disper-
sion of our population.
There is another and powerful cause co-operat-
ing to the same result, which must not be passed
unnoticed. I refer to the vast expenditures in
the last twelve or fifteen years, in holding treaties
with the Indians, and in extinguishing their titles,
including reservations, and removing them to the
West; equaling, in some instances, the fee-simple
value of the lands, and in many others not much
less. These immense expenditures, amount-
ing, in the period specified, I know not to how
many millions, (not less, certainly, than forty rr
fifty,) have made juch treaties a great money
making affair,'the profits of which have been di-
vided between influential Indian chieftains and
their white associates, and have greatly contributed
not only to increase the force of the other causes in
the tJO rapid extinguishment of Indian titles, bat to
diffuse widely the baneful spirit of speculation.
Such are the inherent defects of the system, and
the results to which they have led, and must conti-
nue to lead, so longss it can find subjects on which
to operate, if not íemedied. The measure I have
proposed would apply an effieieiit remedy, as far
as the public landá iu the new States are concerned.
The combined action of graduation and pre emp-
tion applied to lands whi -h have been offered for
sale, ai provided for by the amend.i.ent I offered,
would, in a few ye.>rs, convert the occupants with-
out title info freeholders; while, at the same time, it
would tend powerfully to prevent the popula'Lm of
the new States from emigrating, and turn towards
those the tide of emigration from the old Stales, and,
to the same extent, counteract the too rapid spread-
ing out ol our population, and extinguishment of
the titles of the Indiana But no'.h'ng can effectu-
ally remedv the defects of the system, but a ridical
char>g°. What that ought to be, would require
rr.u;h reflection to determine s-atistactonly; but it
seems to me, on the best rcfl-ction I can give it,
that if, in lieu of public sales at auction, a system
at'graduation an1 rre emption had been introduced
from the first, fixing a maximum price suffi-
ciently high when the lands are first offered for
sale, and descending gradually, at short intervals
of one or two years, to the present minimum price,
and then in the manner proposed in the measure
wheh Í have brought forward, g ving the right of
pre-ompti' n at every stjp e, from first to last, to the
rettlers, it would have .i verted most of the eviK- in-
cident to the present system, and, at the same time,
have ¡".created the )evenue frotn the lands. It
wou'd have checked Ihe spirit of speculation, con-
centrated our population within ihe proper limit ,
prcveired the too rapid extinguishment of Indian
titles, and* temina'ed our owner-hip and adminis-
tration of the lands in t: o new Slates, by deposing
of them within a mi derate period of time, and pre-
vented most of the mii-chicvousronsequennes which
have hsen experienced. Trie introduction cf such
a change, or some such, founded on the same prin-
ciples, in refttttnee to lands not yet offered for sale
in the Territories, and the pot turn of the public do-
main lying beyond, and to which the lidian title is
not yet extinguished, would, in combination with
the measure Í have proposed, go far to restore the
sysiem to a healthy action, and put a sop to the
farther prog.ess of the evd, and remedy, in a great
measure, those already caused. I throw out these
suggestions for reflection, without intending to pro-
pose any other measute, except the one I have
already.
[Mr. Mangum not havirg published his speech,
the residue of Mr. Calhoun's, noticing his remarks,
is omitted.—Reporter.]
