Feb. 1841._________________    APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____________________ Í4!
26th Cong....2nd Sess.                                    Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Reynolds.                                                           H. ot Reps.
cut of all." Thik is reqairing a brave and efficient
army, comraanSed by as courageous and gal'ant
officers as ever exis-tid, to conquer the element
themselves. It is extremely easy to live in gay
and fashionable society in the city of Washington,
and snake speeches against the Fionda war, lather
than to be wet and hungry, and perhaps 5 ck, hunt-
ing down the Indians m the swamps and ham-
mocks of that country.
All classes of troops have been employed in this
service at various time?. Part of the regular
army, with many of the galiant officers who have
gained for themselves and country immortal honor
in the late war with Great Britain, has been en-
gaged in this servic. They have exerted th ir
accustomed bravery and energ>, but Without suc-
cess, as they were opposed by insurmountable ob-
stacles Volunteer corps of citizen soldiers were
also enlisted into this service, and the same re ult
attended their efforts. The brave and meritorious
Gentry of Missouri, with many other gallant men,
were ^lam in these efforts.
Our troops in Florida were compelled to over-
come enemies to which the Indian forre was in-
significant, and even coitemptible. Tnsy were
forced to war against the elements, the swamps,
hammocks, and sickness of the country, and
in the summer were constrained to yield the
field to malignant disease against which hum"n
power cannot contend. Many of the e brave men
are now lingering out an existence made wretched
by disease, contracted in this country in the war.
The great Napoleon himself, who was the prodigy
of all human crea'ion, and wa. av the head of the
finest army Ihe world ever saw, was ah>o defeated
in Russia by the elements. Tbé puny power of
man must yield to ths laws of nature. No mattsr
it the man be the greatest of his race, and has com-
mand over the greaiest military nation that ever
existed, as was the case with Bonaparte; yet he
cannot war with success against the laws of
Heaven.
It is doing the brave and gallant army of the
United States great injustice to make thess serious
charges against them, without the least foundation
■whatever.
PROSCRIPTION.
The gentleman from North Carolina expresses
no doubt the sentiments of the whole Whig party,
that the diplomatic corps of our Government in
Europe will be recalled, and others sent in their
places.
Mr. Chairman, I know not if the Opposition
party have changed their principles, but they have
changed their expressions. Nothing was so horrid
to the m, last year, as "proscription for opinion's
sake." Now, after the election, it seems to be
with them the only true and orthodox doctrine. It
is strange how victories will change expressions.
It was charged en Ihe Administration that an
army o" office holders were supporting the Demo-
cratic party, and efforts were made in bo'h Hou es
of Congress to deprive office holders from exercis-
ing the privileges of freemen; to disfranchne and
gag them.
But the scene has changed. An army of office
holders for the Harrison Administration are to be
eslisted, and placed in power. I do not suppose
sny effort will be made to disfranchise or gag this
new Federal army.   Time will determine.
WEAK   TREASURY.
Mr. Chairman, tha Opposition party charge the
Administration wuh misrule, and other words more
criminal, for ihe want of money m the Treasury.
Jeremiah, of olden times, would be pshamed of
his lamentations were he here to hear the modern
Whigs mourning over the distreases of the people,
on account of a weak Treasury. O K. Orful Ka-
lamity. These crocodile tears generally flow from
the eyes of tho^e that wish to live on the work aad
labor rf o'hen, through the medium of the Treasu-
ry, ard therefore think it a gieat crime in Govern-
ment U hi scarce of Treasury pap.
It is the proudest btast rf a Republic to have a
wealthy and happy people, and a weak Trea-
sury. A deficit is better than a surplus. The
amount oí money which might be needed in
the Treasury, is with the people, in useful opera-
tions.   The people make more with it than the in-
terest we pay on the Treasury notes, and the Go-
vernment is more prudent and economical in ex-
penditures when the Treasury is low.
TREASURY NOTES
I am not at all opposed to the issue of Treasury
notes under the circumstances of the case, and, I
think, more than five millions would be preferable
to that amount.
Some gentleman say it is unconstitutional to is-
sue these no es, and that a loan is constitutional.
Tnis seems a nice distinction. Tne difference be-
tween a loan and the issue of Treasury notes might
form an excellent subject for a critical discussion,
in some of the learned colleges and seminaries. A
professor of logic might test the talents of h s pu-
pil  for scutents  and precision m ascertaining the
difference. F >r all practical purposes the opera-
tion must be the same. The credit and responsi-
bility ot the Government is us^d in both cases, and
in my opinion, the Constitution stands as fair for
one mode as the other.
Some have most singular notions of the Con-
stitution. They contend that it is constitutional m
the crisis of a war to 13 uetuch notes, and in peace
the Constitution knows no su< h power. It «eemi
to me the Constitution remains the "¡ame stem and
unchangeable instrument in war as well as in
peace.
A sufficient amount of notes should be l-sued to
imorove ihe harbors around our coasts, and to com-
pete our national «oiks. It is economy and a
saving to the Government to continue these works
rather thin to see them tumble into rums, and ihe
materials ard implements destroyed Among these
nat'onal works I would expect to see completed ihe
Cumberland road, which is a work my constita
enH also wou'd be extremely well pleased to see
finished.
I have the utmost confidence m the talents and
integrity of the Hon. Mr. Jones of Virginia, the
chair nan of the Commutes of Ways and Means.
He is not warped astray by party prejudice, but is
firm to the true interest and honor of the country,
and such amount of Treasury notes as he deems
necessary and proper for the present wants of the
Government, 1 will sustain. The whole amount is
but trifling when compared with the wealth and
great resources of the country.
PROSPERITY  fP THE  COUNTRY.
Mr. Chairman, I will be permitted to exhibit a
small portion of the resources of the people.
I do this for vanous considerations, which I will
maWe krown before I close my remarks.
The report of tbe Secretary of the Treasury ex-
hibits an excess of exports over the imports of the
last year of g26 766 059.
The Secretary further says.
"The exce&s of exports ii> not only mole than ever was known
before, butquitethlee fold gieatei "
This is p'oof that cannot be controverted, that
the substantial wealth and resources of the nation
have increased last year more than m any former
year    Does thti  look like distress?
In the whole íeaion of the Northwest, and other
sections of the Union, the products of an indus-
trious and virtuous people are aston'shtng, and
would rot obtain our belief, if ihey were not taken
from official and correct data
In the S'ate of Illinois, taken from the census, we
find the people in  that State have the last year on
hand the following products:
Wheat            -             -            <•   2,302,956 bushels
Corn                -             -             - 19,626 904     "
Oats                 -             -             -    3 795,500      "
Potatoes        -             -            -    1 566 000      "
Neat cattle    -             -            -       164,901
Hogs               -            -             -    1J,358,184
Sheep              -             -            -       337,157
Coal                -             -            -    3,546,000 bushels
Salt                  -             -            -        20,000     "
Lead                ...       336,157 pounds
It is stated m documents, whioh I presume are
correct, that the value of property in t> e State of
Indi?na as <~«*ed for taxation for the )ear 1841,
am^un s to the "urn of §132,548,137 I h ve ho
data to exhiMt the pro luc sot tft's State this year,
but no doubt they aie greatly increased s.nce the
last.
"At Cleveland Ohio, independent of the supplies by wagon,
the receipts of wheat by the canal this year are near two mil
lions two hundred thousand bushels, and one half a million bar-
rels of flour
"TJereamirea at Cleveland, in 1840, on the Ohio canal,
280,233,820 pounds of produce, being an increase of 94,117,553
upon the prSviousyear. The increase of wheat and flour is
equal to453,765 barrels
"Toledo, Ohio—The amount of flourand wheat shipped at
this port is equal to 67,000 barrels Seven years ago the place
was not in existence, and the country around waa a wilderness,
and until 1837 was dependent upon Western New York for
bread stuffs.
"Ihe business between the ci yof St Louis, Missouri, and
Boston and New Yoik this year, according to the St Louis Ga
zette, is S6 000,000 "
When the Chicago canal is finished, which will
be ^oon, ihe transportation of merchandize to this
city will be mostly by it and ihe Erie canal. As
the city of New York is intimately connected with
the Northwest in commerce, and no doubt has in-
creased in the same ratio, I will sta'e the value of
real estate in ihe city th's year, and the estimated
amount of taxes for 1841:
Value of real estate,       .             .      §187,000,000
Amount of tax for the support of the
city,     ....             1,553,000
"Cotton exported from New Orleans m the years 1838-39 and
1839-10, endins30 hSeptembei,(from Hazard'sReeister )
Total in 1838-39         -                   530,817 balis.
"        1839 10                   -         <m 191    "
Increase         -         ■         -         373,374   "
"Exports of sugai from New Orleans in 1839-40
Total-Hogsheads                   -         46,511
liar els   -         -         -           6 978
"Cotton at Mobile, Alabama, (from Mobile Letter Sheet )
Cotton m 1°39         -         -         252,240 bales
"          1840         -         -         446042   "
Increase       -         -         -         193,802  "
Is this rum and distress?
I hope it will be no offence to the people in this
city, who complain so much oí hard times, to re-
cite flora the late hgenccr, a paper vih ch is ortho-
dox wuh them, the mercase ot houses in Well-
ington We must conclude from this improve-
ment that other valuable and lasting improvements
are progressing in the «ame pioportion If the
banks bad been overflowing lhs city with irre-
deemable shinplasteis, these improvements would
not have been made:
"The number of new buildings erected m the city of Wash-
ington during the year ISiOwpre as follows
BRICK DWELLINGS.
Three story.....15
Two     "         -      -                           39
One     "          ...             -        a
WOOD DWELLINGS
Twobtoiy        -      -                         106
One and a half story        -       -              8
One story                ...              8
Total numbei of dwellings                         178
Additions                        -             ■      14
■*hons                       -       -             -       13
OhuiJies          ....               2
Total         -      -           207
Mr. Chairman, I will not trouble the comrm'tea
with any more details of facts, shown g the increase
of wealth and improvements throughout the coun-
try as this will be a S'mple for the who e Union
The increasirg ard productive weallh of the
country mutt form a solid ba^is on which lo issue
the amount of Trea&urj note,  mentioned m the bill,
and moreover r must ul~o s lencc all unfavorable
and senseless clamors about ihe distress, mm, and
bankruptcy of the country. Is the city of Wash-
lrgton ? timed and distressed with 2i)7 new buildings
erected last yeat? Can any reasonable man be-
Leve that Illinois, with all her products, is about to
be ruined? Can distress be Ihe cor sequence of buch
unparalleled increase of wealth1 It will be a dis-
tress and rum of a smgu'ar character.
PAPER   CORRFKCY   AND   IDLERS.
I pretend not that bark notes are as plenty as in
some former ye-rs- but I presume no one will con-
tend that they are th  substantial wealth of the
country. They are uncertain, fluctuating, and only
the shadow of the substance. Are they to be com-
pared with the substantial products and improve-
ments of ihe nation?
I will exhibit the amount of paper m circulation
for several years, wh ch will ¡-how that it is the
banks, and not the country, thn hi  produced the
embariassment with some part of th  eommumtv:
Januaiy 1, 1820                       §44 863 344
"          1830                          61 333,^98
1834                          94 839,570
"          1835                       103,692 495
1836                        140,301,038
"          1837                        149,185,890
