APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
142__________________
26th Cong."-2nd Sess.
«         1838                    116138,910
"         1839                    135,170 995
"         1840                    106,963,572
The aboye table exhibas the deficit of paper cir-
culation in some years, which is the cause of the
imaginary distress so much complained of by some
people. Even if it were such cause as to produce
general distress, the Government cannot control it.
It is a matter with the State banks, wi th which the Ge-
neral Government bas no power to m terfere. Can the
misdeeds of the bank* be visiled on the Govern-
ment?
Tnese cries of hard times and lamentations for re-
lief generally proceed from people who will not
exercise any industrious avocation to make a liv-
ing, and who have nothing to live on. They ate
generally people sitting on boxes at store doors
whittling pine sticks, and doirg nothing for a live-
lihood except kicking the boxes with their hee's. In
the summer they seek the shade, m winter they
bask in the sun at the sides of the houses, and in
both seasons never cease crymg "change, c'tange —
the hard times have ruined us—Tip and Ty for
ever."
SPECULATION
It is often charged on the Administration that the
Democratic patty are senseless and deaf to ihe dis-
tresses of the people Their hearts are too cold to
relieve the sufferings of the community. That
some people are embarrassed in trade and
speculations, I have no doubt. At the time when
the bank circula ion was almost one hundred and
fifty millions of doi'a'0, this minced many per-
son* to embaik in trade and speculation, and
when the banks curtailed ihe circulation down
to about one hundred and six millions, many
of these land trains and speculators, by imprudence
and extravagance, became embarrassed, and some
rained. For tftt.se unfortunate men, the Demo-
cratic party have gsod feelings and sympathies, ne-
vertheless. How can ihe Government relieve
them? The Government possesses no magic power
to mike money out of nothing. It the Govcn-
nient relieve these embarrassed men, it must be
done by taxing the industry, prudence, and eco-
nomy ot anothei port.on oí the community to pay
then debts Can tins be tolerated ¡a a Government
ot equal rights? Is it ns>h for one p*op!e to pay
the ckbU ot anotlui? Thtse fluctuations in fie
paper currency were rot caused by the Govern-
ment. Congicss cannot mierfeie in Slate imita-
tions. 1 hese bank  suspended   hen the Govern-
ment was in full communion with them Both the
Government and banks isat together at the same
political communion table—the banks feasting on
the public deposites, ard the Government using
their paper. But the binks committed adulteiy,
and Ihe Government divorced them. The Govern-
ment never did, and do not yet, entirely rehuse their
notes, when they are paid in sp-cie.
SSCaETARY OP  THC IRiAStRY
It is strange, in the course ot this discussion, how
the Secretary of the Treasury lias been abused
Almost every word known m the English Ian
gwge to express /mud, hypocrisy, and imposition,
has been used against him. Is this a generous or
noble bearing towards a man or a party that are
defeated? We were overp iwered, not by princi-
ple, but by uumberi, and ve weie disposed to le-
gislate for ihs good of the country, witnout poli-
tical excitement But vie wtre forced into this po-
litical discussion. The honorable ¿.entleman from
New York [\ir. Barnard] commenced fie lire in
this House, \vh ch v. as iollowtd up by heavy ar-
tillerj on the same 6 de Whit could we do oth-r
than to combat it wuh facts and the truth? Was it
right to let unfounded a seitionsgo out tothe wotld
to impose them on trie peopl as the truth' Will a
generous people bo tansfiej to see an efficient and
meritorious officer abused and condemned for do-
ing his duty? The law makes it the duty of ihe
Secretary of the Treasury n, make a report each
year to the President, and foi the performai ce of
this duty, he is condemned almost as a criminal.
In after times, when reason regains hei emp re
amongst men, and party rant or is silenced, this of-
ficer will be esteemed as an able and efficient
financier, doing great service to the country, with
honor to btraseif.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Reynolds.
LOBE.________________ Feb. 1841.
H. of Reps.
mencement of the Government to the pres-nt time,
have taken the lead on this subject, and are dis-
posed to provide every poor man wiih a farm and
home for himself and family.
The Presidents, Gen. Jackson and Mr. Van Bu-
rén, both recommended" this policy, and the friends
of the people have joined heart and hand with
them m their recommendations.
The Secretary of the Treasury has likewise sta-
ted that the graduation would increase the revenue
and the prospective pre-empt,on policy cannot in-
jure it; ai the present pre emption law will not ex-
pire before the bill now before the House would
take effect, if it were passed into a law.
1 am not only friendly to these measures, but 
would be pleased, also, to see passed the cession act,
granting the whole public lands to the States where
they lie, on some fair and equitable principles.
Then this bone ot contention, this heartburning be-
tween ihe old and new States, would cease. The
country then would be settled and improved by a
virtuous and enterprising population, which is the
foundation of the wealth and strength of ail na-
tions. A revenue could then be raised from this
population tenfold greater and more certain than
the present, arising from sales of the public lands.
Tbis revenue is uncertain, and is paid in with no
good feeling  from the new States.
¿LIENS.
It has been seriously contended that the benefits
of the pre emption laws should not be expended to
aliens, and a vote in the Senate has been taken on
the subject Since the commencement of the pre-
set land system, the uniform practice has been to
s U the public domain to aliens as well as to citi-
zens of ihe TJni ed States. As far as I am in-
formed, no inconvenience has occurred from this
policy.
The State lavrs of III nois not only permit aliens
to purchase and hold lands in the State, but also
permit the same to descend to their heirs, as if they
were native citizens of the United State?.
During the debate on this interesting subject—the
public domain—an extraordinary opinion bas been
expressed, and some argument advanced to sustain
it, that an alien, under the laws and Constitution
of the United States, has no right to vote for mem-
bers of Congress. This sentiment, emanating from
such high source, and being so directly adverse to
the practice with us in Illinois, since the formation
of our Government in 1818, I deem it my duty
to give to the subject such consideration as it seems
to merit.
The Hon. Mr. Clay of Kentucky says, as re-
ported in the Intelligencer
"The right to \ ote implies citi/ensh p necessarily, essentially,
although the eonveise ol the pioposition does not apply Then
comes the State authont), but the State has no power to con
fer the elective franchise on any foreigner, who is not a con-
sumen' poition of the people of the Slate—who re not a mem.
ber of oui political community—who is not one of the peopla
of the United States "
And again-
"If a State constitution declares that aliens may vote, then
their vote may affect the composition of the House of Repre-
sentatives or of the cénate and so eventually the question
might come into their bodies in judging, as they respectively
have a right to judge of the qualifications of persons returned
as membets of the two Houses "
1 deny that the General Government have any
power to regulate or prescribe the qualifications of
electors for members of Congress. That power to
regulate and prescribe the qualifications of electors
has been confided to the State Governments, and
none other can exercise it.
If this were not the system of our Government,
that harmony and ciepeuucice on the same people
with the same qualifications which is necessary
and proper, would not exist. It the General Go-
vernment had tht power to prescribe the quahfica-
t ons of voter*, this would give it a distinct and
separate existence, from the people of the State Go-
vernments, which the uniform practice since our
national exivtence, and the forms of our Govern-
ments, m my opinion, do not sanction. The Ge-
neral Government, by this rule, would be able to
crush the State Governments and establish through-
out the Territories of the United States a central
omnipotent power. The rights of the States would
be destroyed by the undae influence of the National
Government.
It the General QoTernmejit possess this power
It is extremely difficult to regulate the fiical con-
cerns of this nation, exiended as it is, over such an
immense territory The operations of the Secreta-
ry have embraced the extraordinary sum of three
hundred and sixty millions of dollars, and extended
over nearly two million square miles. The fluctu-
ation of the currency, in that time has also been a
great source of annoyance and difficulty. "Last,
though not least," was the suspension of specie
payments. This left the Treasury without a «¡ol-
lar of available funds as often as it occurred. Was
not this an alarming crisis m the countrj 1 The
public money all locked up m banks, whow notes
could not be received by ihe Government, as they
were not redeemable in specie. This misconduct
of the bank  caused this calamity, and yet the Ad-
ministration and Secretary are condemned font.
And even now the Secretary is visited with the se-
verest denunciations foi doing what the law com-
pelled him to do
Under the law and Constitution, could he do
otherwise than to refuse to receive notes which
were not redeemable in specie' Could he, by
law, deposite the funds of Government in non-spe-
eie-paying banks? With all these disadvantages
and difficulties in the currency, the country, under
the present Administration, has flourished in an
unexampled degree.
Mr. Woodbury, in his report, says, he bas been
connee'ed with the Treasury from six to seven
yeais.
"Duiin°' lilis leim, there lias recurred much to evmce the
great h^al power, as vvcil as the pr imparity of ihe Unioi Some
leveists have, at times, oveitaken the lishnesi di played by
paitsoftho cnmnunity m ceilaio bianchti ol buMnt s an I
have t\ttnded then idvcise influences i > the íeveniie de¡ en 1
ent on them Hut the neriod and c mu iy as a whole, have
been almofel unexampled m plosperousdLVeloplnelltl,,',
Again he says:
1 It has enabled the Tieasury tomept the cut rent evp^ndituies
of thcGoVernm nt, as well as the exuaoidmiryones by Indian
wais, treaties, and other costly measures, and without imposing
any new taxes or high tarifl, and without any new funded debt
whatever, but extinguishing considerable remains of the old one,
and p tying the interest on thatasstimed fortius District, to «ave
ttte unprecedented surplus of morethm twenty eight millions of
dolíais,and to deposite the sime with the States foi salekeepmg,
until needed by the General Government
Moreover he adds!
"Tint hi'ides the recoided evidence of the prosperity
of the countiy, it is giatifying, tint the Irea^üiy, without
the aid ol the United States liank, his been able to make ns vast
(Olltctions, ti tnsfeis and payments with piomptitude, and, in
moit c tsea, with specie (i ¡te equivalent "
These statements of facts, together with those I
have already presented to the committer, will esta-
blish this truth beyond contradiction—that the real
and substanual weal'h and improvement of the
country have been advanced m an unparalleled de-
gree during the last year At no period since our
mtnnal existence has the country so much right
to rejoice as during Ihe last veir at her prosper! y
and impro -ement in all things lhat conduce to the
substantial and permanent happiness of man
Where is the distress and rum so much complained
of? And where is the cause of so much abuse
against an able and talented officer, who has labor-
ed so fai hfully and so efficiently in the dunes of
his offi;e for the permanent and general welfare of
the na'ion?
THE  PUEL C  LANDS
Mr. Chairman, the subject of the dublic domain
was introduced into this discussion, which, of all
other subj cts is ihe most wteresung to the people
m Ulu ois, whom I represent Were I able to pass
these two measure—the prospective pre-emption
and ihi' proper graduation of the price—I should
consider it the best public act of my life, and which
would be the moa gratifying to me. I should con-
sider it, also, the most slonous act of any one's
life to procure farms and homes for thousands of
poor and honest families and this, too, wuhout in-
jury to th  public. We would then see the new
S ates ciowded with hardy, industnous farmers, on
their own soil, able and willing to sustain the Go-
vernment in any crisis, whether in war or peace.
The journals of both Houses of Congress, and
other public documents, will prove, to the satisfac-
tion of all mankind, that one party in the United
States are friendly to these measure , and the other,
with some exceptions, are hostile to them. The
Democratic party, with lhat enlightened liberality
of sentiment and those enlarged views of public
policy which hsve characterize! them from the com-
