Feb. 1840.  ___________
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Reynolds.
jo prescribe the qualifications cf electors it might
require each voter to be the owners of landt to such
amount lhat iew only could vote ior members of
Congress. It might require also other qualifica-
tions, such as education, or peihaps, certain re-
ligion.
If the qualifications of electors were permitted
tobe different for each Government, m the same
proportion would the two Governments be diffe-
rent in their composition and character, and the
General Government possessing the greater power,
would, i,i time, destroy the others.
The Democratic doctrines contained in the cele,
brated Virginia and Kentaeky resolutions, the pro-
ductions oí the two great statesmen, Jeflerson and
Madison, would be prostra ed to the dust.
These evils, in my jtidgm nt, the Constitution in-
tended to prevent a d avoid, ¡t mtenhd, asit
said, that ihe fouic'atun of each Go/eminent
should be based on the same people, professing the
same qualifications as electors in both Governments
The second section of the first article < f the Con-
stitution of the United States contains the follow-
ing, to wii:
"The House of Represenfitives shall be composed of mem
bers cho en every second year by the people of the several
States, and the electors in each Estate shall have the qualified
tlons requisite for electorsof the most numeious blanch of the
State Legislature "
This language and expression would appear ma-
nifest to a plain common man "To have the qua-
lifications requisite for the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature," cannot mean that the
electors shall have oiher and further qualifications
to enab'e them to vote for member  ot Congres,.
We are prohibited from giving the General Govern
ment more poner than is given by a fair and rea-
senable in erpretation of the Cons ltutton. The
10th article in the amendmet of the Constitution
says-
' The powers not delegated to the Unite 1 States by the C>nsti
tution, nor prohibited to the States, aie ies.erved to the States
respectively, or to the people "
The above article does not require the "citizens"
of the United States to choose members of Con-
gress every second ysar. The Representatives
shall be chosen "by the people of the several
States."
The people of a State, ex vi termini, does not ne-
cessarily mean that they are citizens of the United
States. I am satisfied that "the people of a state,"
and the citizen  of the United Stales, have different
significations, and so it was considered by the fra-
mers of the Constitution. Indiansand nejroes are,
while residents of a State, people of the State
They are people, although they may not be citizens
of the United States. Aliens may very pioperly be
termed part of the "people of the Stale," when they
reside within the State—hold land m it, and are
subject to all the burdens of taxation, military
duty, &c   like other people.
"The people of the State" must be understood
to refer to those residing within ihe limits of the
State, and excluding tho'e living without from ex-
ercising the elective franchise for members of Con-
gress in a different State from which they reside.
This is tbe only resiramt imposed on the States by
the Federal Constitution The "people" voting for
members of Congress must «side within the States
where their vote? are given.
The following provision in the Constitution of
the United States, under the second section of the fiist
art ele above alluded to, will sustain the position I
have taken.
"Representatives and dnect taxes shall be apportioned
among theseverat States which mi> be in luded in this Union,
according to their respective numbers which shall be deter mn
ed by adding to the whole number of liee persons, including
those bound to service for a term of years, and excluding In
dians not taxed, three fifths of all othei pei&ons
In the above extract the words "the whole num-
ber of free persons" are used, and the woid "citi-
zen" is not mentioned at all, so that-the conclusion
must be correct, thst the Constitution did not in-
tend to circumscribe ihe action of State Govern-
ments tj the qualification of citizenship for the
electors ' Free per ons" are the basis to which
the ' three fif hs," v ere to b* added, and are like-
wise the bas"  on wh ch both the State and Federal
Governments are founded.
If the framers oí the Constitution had intended
to have used the word "cit z n" in place of "the
people of the States" and "free persons," or to
have attached the qualification of citizenship to the
elecor, they would have done ss>, as they had tn
the same instrument authorized the naturalization
of aliens, and regulated the extent of cnzenship.
The provision in. the Constitution, that "each
House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications oí its own members," does not
authorize either House to alter or change the qua-
lifications of electors.
The House is to judge of the election', returns,
and qualifications of its own members, according
to the laws and Cons'uu ion of the State where the
election was had. There is no power given m this
expression to add to or dimmish the qualifications
of vo ers, and, in all the contested elections, so far
as I have examined tnem, the House has not pre-
tended to excicise this powe1-.
The Constitution of the Slate of Ilhnoi", in the
27ih section of the 2d article, prescribes the quali-
fications of electors m these words.
"In all elections, all white male inhabitants above the age of
twe~uy one year«, having lesided in the State six months next
preceding the election shall enjoy the n *ht of an elector, but
no ¡ ersou shall be entnted to vote except m the county and dis
tuctin which heehatl actually reside at the time of the etec
ton"
There cannot be any langusge more plain and
explicit than the above It needs no commentary
It speak> for itself, and speaks a language lhat can-
not be misunderstood.
If an alien be permitted to vote under the Con-
stitution of a State, this does not make him a en -
zenofthe United States. I pretend not that a
Sute can naturalize aliens, and make them cmzt-ns
of the United S at s 'iiie elective f anchi e io
quite d similar from citizenship A person may
enjoy ot e, or ihe other, or both, and in some ca^es
neither a^ thp people oí ci'or m Illmo,s do not
tote and a e nut cuzín .
It has been the unnorm practice under the Con-
stitution of the United Staies, since its adoption, so
far as my knowledge extends, for the several States
to prescribe the qualifications of the elector* within
each State respectively; and I believe almost every
State in the Union possesses some difference in
their respective qualifications of electors. They
differ, some in the property qualification, some in
time of residence, some in color, some in ctzen-
ship, and al enage, &<■.
This marked diffeier.ee, and great variety in the
qualifications of electors in the several Sta'rs oí
this Union, establish the true and correct exposi-
tion ol our Consti'ution on this subject. Hereto-
fore, in many of the States, and in some at the pre-
sent time, free people of color exercise ihe elective
franchise. Th s practice is auih >nzed by the State
Governments, and I hare never heard of any con-
tested election being betore this House on that
ground. If Congress had the power to change the
laws and Constitution of a State on this subject, it
wou'd be a subject more likely to call for the spee-
dy action of Congress, than perhaps any other
Yet it remains for the Sutes to regulate, under the
Constitution, as it may seem ju t and proper
Within a lew years, Tennessee has changed her
Constitution, so that people of color do not now
vote in that Slate, and perhaps other Sta'es have
also arrended their Constitution , so that this class
of people do not vot;
These amendments rf the State Constitutions de-
monstrate that the States have exclusive power over
this subject, and that it i, left with them to correct
the evil, if it be one. It also proves, the Sutes
having exclusive power, thu the General Govern-
ment has none over the subject, and the rght of the
Government has never been a'tempted to be ex
ercised in pi eventing those amendments of Sta e
constitutions on this or any other subject. In 1 t
Lutell's reports, p. 334, the Supreme Court oí Ken-
tucky decide
( the negioes and mulattoes are almost eveiy wheie, consi
deiedanct tieatet as a degrade t lace of peop e in=omueh so,
that, under the Constitution -n 11 iw  of the United E^'ate" they
cannot beco ue cnuuis of the tinted ¡states "
This is a decision i consider directly in po'nt,
and it is a decision oí an enlightened and intelli-
gent court
If free negioes and mulattoes have the power to
exercisi! Ihe elective iranchise, and arc not at the
same time citizens of the United States, it must be
143
H. of Reps.
true with others, that they may exercise the same
franchise*before they are natural zed citizens.
If this House, judging on a contested election,
were to annul and abrogate the Constitution of the
State of Illinois, in thw clause, or in any other, it
would be a revolution m the Government, and a de-
struction of the present system.
A joint resolution passed m the Congress of the
United States, admitting ths State of Illinois into
the Union "on an equal footing with the original
States, in all respects whatever." The subject of
the State Constitution of Illinois was before the
Congress, and the principles therein contained were
examined and agreed to. Alter this public and so-
lemn ac', can Conpress recede from it, and annul
and change any part of the Constitution? I know
of no power, Supreme Court of the United States
or other tribunal, that can take cognizance of a
S'ate Constitution and decide pgamst it, when such
Constitu ion is "Republican," and the State is ad-
mitted into the Umon.
The honorable member [Mr Cláy of Kentucky]
says that, if a State Constitution j ermits aliens to
vole, such vo e may affect the "composition of
the House ef Representatives, or the Senate."
This is irue, that such vo'e will affect the House
and the Senate, and such was the intention of the
iramrrs of our Government.
The General Government is not based on the
masbes of the people throughout the Union, with-
out connection with the States. It is a Govern-
ment formed by th? union of the people of the
several Stales, and not by the general union of the
people tl roughon the tern onal limits of the United
"■-tves ihe people ot each S ate, separate and
apart in m ihe others, v, efir the President of the
Umicd States, and ihe Leg'slaturesof the respec-
li/e S a es elect S rattrs to ihe Sena e of the
United S a es. Th-se are the acutns of the States
distinct, from each other, and in the «ame manner
do they act in then respective component parts of
tbe General Government.
The States, seperate and apart from each other,
form this part of the Geneial Government, and
ta the same manner do they act in their respective
component parts as States in the selection oí mem-
bers to the House of Representatives. The people
of each S ate, in th"ir State capacity, apart from
the o'hers, compose the Government of the United
Elate*, which its name indicates
The per pie of each Slate, acting distinct and in-
dependent irom the others, may prescribe and regu-
late tne composition of the Hou e in any manner,
which will, in their judgment, conuuee the most to
their happiness This was the political compact
made at the formation of our Government, and no
one party can now alter or change it. The cha-
íacter ot the Mouse may satisfy one section of the
Union, when it is quite un atjsfactory to another;
yet it is constitutional. Abolitu n petitions, for ex-
ample, presented from one section of the Union to
the Congress of the United States, are not satis-
factory to another, yet th s will not fcrra any cause
on which to exclude the votes ot Abolitionists for
members of <Jon?re s If it be an evil to permit
aliens to vote, which I do not believe, the commu-
nity where it exists will be he most conversant
with it, more immediately affected by it, and will
sooner than all others correct it.
Mr. Chairman, representing a district in Illinois,
where the practice ior aliens to vote has prevailed
Mnee the formation of our Government, and be-
lieving, as the  people do, that it u right and con-
stitutional, I d'ened it my duty to give to the sub-
ject some such consideration a< I have expressed.
RS.SJDRCPS  OP  ILLINOIS, A>D THE STATE  DEBT.
Mr Chairman, the State debt of Illinois and the
resource to pay it are subjects of the greatest im-
portance not only to tbe people tf the State, but to
many m Europe as well as in Amer.ca
F.r the State of Illinois, I apprehend no danger.
T.ie resources oí the ¡state are grea*, and every year
the) ate b'oming more developed ami more avail-
able Si me of the annual proCuctso' labor it Illi-
nois, I have a'ready stated, gnd to which may be
added twelve or fi leen mill on acres nt land sub-
ject to taxation Tise great fertility of coil and ex-
tent of the State are known to all. The increase
of population, I Relieve, for some years past, has
