1,48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th ConG""2nd Sess.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
After he had done so, and upon the evening of
the same day, a very respectable committee—^nd
he thought he ought to mention lhat every member
ef that committee was a political opponent ®f his,)
arrived here from that Chamber ot Commerce, and
he was surprised to find them instantly and strong-
ly remonstrating against the bill which the Senate
had formed, and against his vote in its favor.
Now he had not—if it was his duty to have done
so—the firmness to change that vote, and he told
the committee at once, that he could not ehsmge it.
He voted for the final passage of the bill which did
pass the Senate and was sent to the House during
the last session.
That bill, however, did not become a law.
Hence time had been allowed for the public mind
to act upon that particular form of a bankrupt law.
It had done so to some extent, as the various docu-
ments upon the files of the Senate in relation to it
¡and to the general subject would show, but he yet
feared that action had been much too limited to af-
ford a sure guide to safe legislation.
To return however to his own experience as to
the results from that action of the public mind, so
far*as it bad acted. He took his seat here again at
the present session of Congres?; and what bad been
his duty to his constituents, during the period they
had bsen assembled? To present scarcely a peti-
tion in favor of a bankrupt law, and a very large
number of remonstrances against the passage of
such a law as passed the Señale at its last session.
He knew that petitions and remonstrances, as a
general remark, were very doubtful authority, but
the source from which they came might usually be
more relied on than the mere names subscribed.
In that sense, without desiring to be tedious to the
Senate, he would state that he, on the 5ih of Janua-
ry, presented remonstrances of this character from
the city of New York, signed by 205 merchants
and mercantile firms; and in consequence of the
controversy which grew out of the question as to
the real or fictitious character of the petitioners for
and against a bankrupt law, last year, the course
adopted this jear by these remonstrants had been
that every man who signed a remonstrance, put his
name, and business, and street, and number ihere-
to¡ and in every instance where one had been trans-
mitted to him, it had been with the injunction that
he would move to have it primed with the names.
That he had invariably done, and he had intended
ia every case tc return to the city some two or thrcs of
the printed copies, that an investigation in reference
to its weight and force, and to the property, standing,
and character of the signers, might be made, where
alone such investigation could bo properly made.
With the strictest intention to pertorm this duty
fully, there were several of the remonstrances
which had either escaped his notice among the
printed documents, or had not yet reached our ta-
bles from the printing office.
The remonstrances here spoken of were not re-
monstrances against a bankrupt law with proper
and safe provisions in the judgment of the remon-
strants; but against such a bankrupt law as that
which passed the Senate at its last session; accom-
panying an opposition to that bill with an expres-
sion of the further opinion, that the present short
session will not allow to Congress sufficient time,
from its other indispensable duties, to digest and
pass sueh a bankrttpf law as the great interests of
the country require, in case any such law is to be
passed.
To such remonstrances he found, from the print-
ed documents, there were 324 signatures of indi-
viduals and firms; and he was informed, from
sources to which he could give the highest cred t,
that these constitute, so far as they go, a body of
merchants and busine?  men of the city of New
York, equal to any other like number of men of
that city. He spoke now, of course, of the sol-
vent merchants, solvent traders.and solvent houses.
There was another class of remonstrants from
that city, and these might embrace the names of
some of those in the documents to which he bad
referred, amounting to one hundred and sixty-eight
individuals and firms who speak this simple lan-
guage: "We the undersigned, beseech your hono-
rable body, if it is found to be expedient to pass a
uniform bankrupt law, that banks and all other
trading corporations be subjected to its operation."
On looking over these memorials, as well as the
letters which accompany them —for he could not
speak from personal acquaintance, that being very
limited among the merchants of New York—they
embraced a very large body of the most important
trading houses in that city. Such, then, and he
had confined himself to the city of New York, af-
ter the lapse of time from the last adjournment of
Congress to this period, was the evidence in refer-
ence, not the expediency of passing a bankrupt
law, but to its form and character.
In addition to those, and he did not design to
protract these remarks, he had received remon-
strances from the interior trading towns in the
State. He had one from the city of Albany, which
he had examined carefully, having an extensive
personal acquaintance with the business men of
that city, and he could say that he knew but few bu-
siness houses of that city, or business men in trade,
whose names were not subscribed to the paper,
which was clear and strong in its terms, and de-
cidedly against any action at thepresentsession. He
had others from the town of TJtica, one of the
largest interior trading towns of. the Sta'e; and a
very few days ago he bad piesented a similar one
from the county of Seneca. Some of these remon-
strances were solely against any bankrupt law
which should ba retroactive under any circum-
stances and as to any interests, whi'e others were
more general in expressed views, but averse to
hasty action.
From these expressions of the present public
feeling, it would be seen lhat the creditor interest—
that interest which was to be the most materially
affected, separate from the debtor interest—had
now commenced to speak, the debtor interest
having been extensively moved and heard at the
lest session.
These were his evidences of the wishes of his
constituents upon all sides of the rreat question,
very briefly stated; and he begged that he might not
be misunderstood. He did not mean to say, or to
pretend to know, what were in fact ihe wishes of
his constituents in the matter; but he did say, and
he took the responsibility of saying it, lhat he had
never been able to make himself believe that the
power conferred upon Congress in this matter, by
the Constitution, was a mere power to pass an in-
solvent law—that it was a power intended to be ex-
ercised simply for ihe discharge of the debtor from
his contract, exclusive of the creditor interest. His
opinion had ever been, that if it was demanded
that they should pass a bankrupt law, the law
should be framed upon a fair understanding of the
terms. He said nothing now of the application of
such a law to any particular classes of men, or to
any specified branches of business. Those were
points which had been fully ducussed at the last
session, and upon which the opinion of the present
Senate had been very cbarly and decidedly ex-
pressed. The terms, "bankrupt law," to the mind of
every lawyer, apply more emphatically to the se-
curity of the creditor than to the exemption of the
debtor. They were now called upon to interfere
with existing contracts, and to absolve a class of
the community who—and he spoke not disparag-
ingly—had contracted debts which they could not
pay. There were certainly two sides to such ques-
tions, setting aside ihe constitutional points that
might arise. The creditor has rights, as well as the
debior. The creditor has an equal right to call up-
on Congress to secure his interests, and to protect
him from frauds, with the right of the honest debtor
to make a similar call to be discharged from his
contracts.
He had shown, then, that so far as the expression
of opinion of the solvent men, of the business men,
of the men who were now sustaining and carrying
on the business oí the country, could be ascertained
in his own State (Nsw York,) it was that the bill
which passed the Senate at the last session would
be an unsafe law; that it looked too strongly to the
interest of the debtor, or rather to the exemption
of the debtor, and too Utile to the security of the
rights and property of the creditor. Sueh, after
time for examination and reflection, seemed to him
to be the opinion which had been pronounced.
Again, and it may have had more influence on
his action and feeling than it should, he had the re-
iterated expression of men of standing and cha-
racter, and of as much business i&ponance in the
city of New York as any men of that city, that the
passage even of the bill for which he had voted at
the last session, would be an infliction upon that
city infinitely more severe than the sweeping fire of
December, 1835, and that the passage of such a bill
would be inevitably more destructive to the solvent
men of that city, and Ihe business of the city, than
that dreadful conflagration. He (Mr. Wright)
could not say how much truth there was in this: he
could only say that the assertions came from au-
thority which he ought to respect, and connected
with which there was no political feeling or associ-
ation to give them strength with him, for the authors
of the assertions were men, he was sorry to say,
who had never acted politically with him.
Thus far his principal object had been to show
the evidences from his o.tn constituents upon
which he had been called to act in this responsible
legislation. At the last session those evidences of
public opinion seemed lo him to take a very dif-
ferent bearing from those exhibited at the present,
and hence he had been induced, but a few days
since, to express the opinion that, at this late pe-
riod in our short session, and in the backward
state of the public bills which must be passed, there
was no hope of maturing a bankrupt bill, which
could meet the approbation of both Houses, and
become a law; that if fcuch a bill should again
pais this body, the other branch of Congress could
not even consider, much less pass it; that the bill
of the last session was much more imperfect in the
judgment of those classes of our citizens most in-
terested in the subject, than he had supposed it to
b<¡ when he gave it his vote, and should receive
material modifications before it ought again to pass
this body; that these must occupy the time of the
Senate for several days, if attempted to be ma-
tured, and must therefore render final action upon
the bill in the other House still more hopeless; and
that, believing for these reasons lhat any time of
the Senate spent upon it would be lost, he was wil-
ling to vote for the postponement of the whole
subject.
The pleasure of the Senate was to consider the
bill, and hence these remarks from him, and they
were not designed to protract discussion.
A few words, and a very few, on the question of
including banks and other trading corporations.
He begged the Senate not to understand him as in-
tending to enter into a labored constitulional argu-
ment upon that important point. He was not ca-
pable of doing so then—he had not studied
the question sufficiently. If that were not
so, it was not his intention to take the time
for such an argument now, but to throw out
a few suggestions which seemed to him to be plain
and practical, for the consideration of gentlemen on
all sides. He had learned from business men, what
he had believed himself, that the principal moving
cause for a bankrupt law had been the aclion of
the banking institutions—that in the time of ful-
ness and expansion, from 1835 to 1837, they
had forced out credits, which had been most
active agents in producing the bankruptcies
now appealing to Congress for a liberation from
embarrassment. He (Mr. Wright) admitted to
the full extent the right of the Slates of the Union
to charter incorporations for banking, and so far as
he knew, to any other extent, always confined, of
course, within the constitutional sphere which the
S'ate had chosen to prescribe. Under this admis-
sion, when the Legislature of a State had exer-
cised ihe power, what had it created? He cared
not whether the State owned the stock of the incor-
poration, or individuals—it made no manner of
difference in his view of the question. What;
then, had been created? A body, in the language
of the law, "politic and corporate"—zperson capa-
ble of contracting and of being contracted with—
a person capable of suing and of being sued—in
other words, a legal fiction which, in a business
sense, has the capacity of a freeman and a citizen
of the State. That was all. Take the Bank of
Alabama, and it was exclusively a State institu-
tion—for the honorable Senator (Mr. Clay of Ala-
bama) said, undoubtedly truly, that the State was
