J62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong-"'2nd Sess.
jjort of Mr Van Buren. I now denounce it
as a lie m its inception, a lie in its execution,
a lie in its promulgation. I stop not lo denounce
the poorartis', to whom it may have been a mauer
of indifference whether he lithographed ihe truth or
a Zte, but I mean to reach the author whoever he
may be, of the base unmitigated traduction, and to
fell him that not only my neighbors, who have
known me, and confided ra mv integrity fiem my
infancy, but the whole people of Georgia will, as one
man, proclaim it to be a lie. With many of the
frailties of humanity lingering about me, those
With whom I am daily associated at home, and
Who know me best,have never suspeced me, nor will
they tolerate the charge, of venality and corrup-
tion; and the very surest meansof vindicating my cha-
racter from such anonymous s'ander will be to rx-
¿ubit this specimen of Whig lithography (which I mean
to do, if Providence permite roe to renin.) to the
people among whom I live, that they may <ee and
know the means which have been resorted to out
of Georgia, for the purpose of affecting me at home
I shall not attempt, said Mr. Black, to follow
the three gent emen who led off this debate on the
Whig side of the House through the confu?ed and
discordant mass of figures with which they sousrht
.0 impeach the accuracy of the official estimates
The fate which awaited them at their own hands,
admonishes me of the impracticahtlijy of making
estimates in detail, wittiout access to the various
«¡urces of fiscal and statistical information with
which the Secretary of the Treasury must necessa-
rily be most intimately conversant. That function-
ary is in daily intercourse not only with the differ-
ent revenue officers of his Department, but with the
most extensive and intelligent merchants of our
principal emporiums. It is his exclusive business
to arrange, analyze, and digest these fac.s and this
information, a thorough knowledge of which is
so essentially necessary to an accurate calculation
of the receipts and expenditures of this vast Go-
vernment. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Barnard] acknowledged this much, when he ad-
mitted his information to be mcessarily limited and
imperfrctj and yet he draws largely on our "gene-
rous cfcfidence," for an approval of his counter
estimates. Why, sir, they can't agree among them-
selves. They tell us a permanent deficiency exists
in the Treasury Well, what is it? The gentle-
man from Mame [Mr. Evans] says it is somewhere
between $7,000 000 and §10 000,000—the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr Bfll] asserts it to le
? 18,000,000—'and the gentleman from New York
Mr Barnard] out figures them al', and tuns it up
to #40,000 000. These are the doctors who are to
treat the body politic for the next four years' Set-
tle your differences among yourselves first, gen-
tleman, before you tender us an issue of defi-
ciency.
But, sir, I take this broad ground, and I call the
attention of the Opposition particularly to it. Since
1837, Mr. Van Buren, wuh a growing and increas-
ing country, and a tariff of duties gradually dimi-
nishing, by the operation of the compromise act, has
not only paid the debts and preserved the credit of
the Government, but has actually reduced the pub-
lic expenditures nearly ttn millions of dollars This
is a fact, worth to the people of the United Status
just ten millions of dollar  more than all the cy-
phering of these discordant arithmeticians. In
1838 the expenditures were reduced from thee of
1837—in 1831 they were cut down six millions oí
dollars—m 1840 they were again reduced between
two and three millions. The President, in his last
annual message, says-
"The estimates and appiopnations fortho veai 1838 ("the fust
over whichIhad any control) were somewh-it diminished The
expenditures of 1839 were leduced eix millions of dollars
Those of 1840, exclusive of disburbements for public dt.bt and
trust claim'', will probably not exceed twenty two and a hall
millions, being between two and thu-e millions less than those
of the preceding year and nine 01 ten millions tees than those oí
1837 Nor has it been found necessary, in order to produce this
result, to resort to the power confened by ( ongress, of post
pomrig certain classes of the public works except by deferring
expenditures for a shoit peuod u, on a li mted portion of them
and Ivbich postponement terminated some time since, at the
moment the Treasury Department, by funherreceipta from the
indebted banks, became fullv assured ot its ability to meet them
without preiudice to the public set vice m other íespects Causes
arem operation which will, K is believed justify a still further
reduction, without injury to any important national meirst
The exrepses of sustaining the troops employed in Florida have
£een gradually and greatly reduced, through the perseveung
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Black.
efforts of the War Department, and a i easonable hope may be
entertained that the necessity lor military operations in that
quarter wilt soon cease The removal of the Indians from
within our settled holders is neatly compleftd The pension
list, one of the heaviest charges upon the Treasury, is rapidly
dinun shmE by death 1 he in St. tostly of om public buildings
are either fin shed, or nenly sn anj we may I think safelv
pioirn&e ourselves a continued exemption ftom bordei d fh
culties
'The available bala? ce m the Treasury on the 1st of Tanuary
next estimated atone million and a halt of do'ljrs Ihlsstim,
with the expected receipts from ad sources dinmg the next
yeai, will, it is believed 'ie sufficient to enable the Government
to meet every engagement, and letve a suitable bala tee m the
lreasmy at iheend of the jeir, if the remedial incisures con
nected with fhe customs ind the public lands, heretofore lerom
mended, shall be idopted, and the new appropriations by Con
giess shall not can y the expenditures beyond the official es i
mates "
Bur, sir, what do we now h°ai? Instead of se-
conding the econom cal niggesiuns of ihe Chief
Magistra e, these retrenching gentlemen, who la t
year were for bringing down the expenses i f the
Federal Government to ihe point at which Mr
Adams had it, ($13 000 000 ) are now taunting us
with a clo«e and niggardly pir<imo«j. Ins ead of
responding affirmatively to the ree mimendation of
Mr Van Buren lhat "Confiéis shall not cariy ihe
expenditwes beytnd Ihe official estima ej," their cry is
"give us more " The gc ntleman in m Ma'ne [Mr
Evans] tells us weouaht to m^ke ' I beral and abun
dant appi cpnalions, and his coadjutor from New York
to whom I have just Alluded, fills up tins broad and
indefinite outline, by msi'ting on vast appropria-
tions ior river , harbors, roa 's, and canals—for the
Noitheaslern frontier—fir building splendid wir
sieamers—for outtits and salaries for a new set of
minisleis and charges to io e jrn court —foi the pay-
ment of the 4th ins alment to the S a'e —for Frent h
spoliation?, and lie thousand < laims for money
which crowd vour tab'e And strangi to fl), not-
withstanding their disgistiug clamor l"t ye*r
ab«ut Mr Van Buren's ' royal establishment,"
they are now actually demanding ano her appro-
pnation to buy more furniture lor the bg cabin
candidate What ' are not the íaboureííes, the f.old
spoons, the $1 500 French bedstead, good enough
for old 3"?)' Is the "old pine table," en which Mr
Van Buieti ea's, his dinner, to be rr placed by c >st
ly mahogony, ot must \ou have a m ne sp endid
plateau than the one which now adorns the Presi
dent's (able, and about the co4 and extravagance
of which you d( scan ed before the el c ion, co eco-
nomically to the people^ I am aware, sir, that
consistency, although a jewel, is not the quesii n
now m order before the committee, or I might go
on to show the inconsistency between the piesent
demands and the former professions of Iheie admi-
rable refriiic/icn.
These, sir, are the anssrets which are noto given,
by the iifoim party, to Mr Van Buren's recommen-
dation that "Congress s-hall not cat ry the expendi-
tures beyond the official estimates," and given, to >,
in the face of their declarations that tht Govern nent
is largely in debt. Grant, sir, that there is a defi-
ciercy in ihe Tnasur)—is Ih s he «ay to supply
or letneve it1 Whit msk i a deficiency'' The le-
gislation of Congress, for without trie "authority of
law" the Executive cannot draw one dollar rut of
Ihe public coffers. How shall «e retrieve Ihis al-
leged deficit? By "liberal and abundant appropria-
tions" for a wild, extravagant, and splendid systtm
of internal improvements? By voting new outfits
for partisan ministers? By laying out millions on
millions upon coasts, haibors, fortifieaiioi s, ?nd
steam ships, when theie is i o recessi j for ¡0 By
( ffenig inducement  to the !bousamj specuaois
who crowd your lobbies to revive their exploded
claims? By spending anoihc $10 000 to refit the
White House for Ihe recep ion of the "old farmer,"
whose chief merit it was, but a few month's ago, to
live in a log cabin and drink hard ciuer out of a
gourd?
Is this the way to fill up an empty Treasury?
Slrange and unaccountable ps it may <eem to the
thousands of honest Ten who were deluded into
Ihe support of the Whig par y by profess-ons of
retrenchment and reform, astounding as it may be
to those who are quietly pursuing iheu daily labor
at a distance from the scence whieh is now passing
palpably and tangibly before me—yet it is ei,en so.
We are in debt, they say, but with ihe honorable
exceptions of the gentlemen from Virginia, [Mr
_________________________H. of Reps.
Wise and Mr. Mallíry,] and the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Alford] who, of the Whig paity,
during ihis debate, have evea ut ered the word
refraiCíimeíií, oi offered to cut down the expendi-
tures to the receipt 1 It wou d occur to plan, ho-
nest, un oplnsticated men, that this was the only
piacicable way, without rai'i.ig «our taxes, of fill-
ing up 'hi-, vaunted vacuum in tn Tieasu>y But
not content with these exnaordn „ry demands for
more money, when they say theie is no meney, they
go furihtr (t is now dis'mctly proposed by G n.
Harrison's friends, with the above exceptions, to
distribu e the proceeds "f ihe r/ubac lands among
the S'at< s
Those whose occupations will not permit
them to come here and see and know for them-
selves, are unwill ng to believe t'"at ihe Whig party
intend to effect this d stnbution atneng the States,
mi.cn less do they believe that ihis Government is
about to assume indirecl'y the dtbis ot the S'ates
by this distribution Why, sir, even intelligent
men in Georgia seriously douot whether this can
b= so If the p'oof of it depended upon my per-
sonal knowledge of the fact, it nay be that I could
not make out a point-bUnk east, I ut so far as the
proof of party measures t'epeud upon the declara-
tions of leading men who comp se t íe pa ty, there
can no lonser be any doubt in the minis of those
who are v-iling to be convinced b/the truth. I
«i I venture to say that there n> no Senator in the
other end of the Capitol who has not heard Mr.
Clay, Mr Wfbster, and Mr. Ctm Tt.iv dsn over and
o'ten announce this assumption, ei her direr-ny, or
penphias'ically Why, rn, it is the burden of their
song, tl-ev sp it every t iv, not only to their old
tuneo' distribu ion, but n tl eir new van uion of
' our obligations to the Str'es " Who doubts it in
Ih s House? Who will rise and, in the name of
the Wh g pa'ty, deny that it is ore of their mea-
sure ? Did not the nonorable gent'eman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr Wise] who, even hi-; encm «s will ad-
mit, is first among the foremost t f the Whus, get
up here the other day and not only announce it, but
deruimceti as sucht Did any one of his lnends or
opponents contradicthim? No, sir, not one. Let
the people of Georgia know, then, that this is
another of the fruits of the tree they planted. Be-
tween thiee and five mil'ims of the proceeds of the
public lands are to be annually abstracted from a
dtp'cted Treasury, to be given to the States, and
the manner in which these gentlemen propose to
fill vp the vacuum (by an increase of the tariff,) I
will endeavor presen ly to eipcse to rry constitu-
ents, when I come to nonce the extraordinary
speech cf my col eaaue, [Mr KfEiT] But,
sir, I am opposed to this distribution because
it leads to an as unption by this G >vernment ot
State debt?, and I ira opposed to that beau e those
debts amount to the enormous and alarming sum of
§200 000,000—nav, even the annual mlerett on
this extraordinary d bt is $20,000,000 lam op
posed to it because, if it b comes the s°ttled policy
of ihis Government, I, as ore of the people of
Georgia, shall be taxed indirectly, by an increase of
'anlT duties on imports, to rep'ac" the three, four or
five millions, or even more, which are thus to be
abstracted and distributed. For we have now no
surplus revenue, and I hope we never shall have.
Therefore every dollar that is now taken out cf our
already deficient Treasury for extraordinary pur-
po es, must and will be supplied immediately, for
ihe ordinary wants of Government, from that only
other source of revenue—a tariff on impor's. I
am opposed to it because this ii,c-ease of the tariff,
necessarily con equcnt upon th" d stnbution of Ihe
proceeds of the pubhc land , must fall most heavi-
ly on the South—tne cotton glowing and revenue
yielding South I am opposed to i', too, because
while Georgia owes comp^raiive'y noihmg, she
will thus be male lo contiibute far beyond the pro-
portiou of her t?xab!e property and population, to
ihe payment of sn eronnojs debt, for which she
never has, and rever will, receive a cent of bene-
fit. I-<utj in the fol'owmg table of the debts of
the different States, and although I cannot pretend
to figure against ihe gentleman from New York
(who foots op the piesentdeficitat#40,000,000)yet
my constituents may ascertain, by calculating for
themselves,the amount of their liabilities collectively
