tro                                              APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                            Feb. 1841.
S6th Cong.......2nd Sess.                                                   Pension Bill—Mr. Cooper.                                                                        H. of Reps.
we are indebted for tbe b'e«sings of the Govern
menf.   Yes, sir, for the right to assemble m th s
hall,  to discuss their ola ms and yet gentlemen
talk about dollars and cents, when «uc'a claims as
these are presented for their consideration.
There are a few widows yet remaining among
us, whose husbands not only fought ths battles of
your country, but wasted their fortunes, and m-
jnred their health in doing so And will you, said
Mr. D. now withhold from them th ssmall pittance
to keep them from suffeung, during the lew dajs
that they may yet remain amonsst us? An attempt
has been made, sai 1 he, to make this a sectional
question. Bat by looking over the last returns of
the Commissioner of Pension1?, it will be seen, how-
ever, that ihey are to be found in every S ate and
Territory of the Union.
Mr. Chairman, said Mr D I dtd not rise to
make a speech, but to correct what 'eemed tome
to be an error in the miads of so ne members in
supposing that this bill would increase your pen-
sion list, and therefore increase the public burden.
SPEECH OF MR. COOPER,
Or GEORGIA
In Ike House of Representatives, Ftbruary  9, 1841—
In Committee ot the  Whole (in reply  to Mr.
Giddincs of Oil)) on the Pens on bill, and the
amendment thereto appropriating $100 000  for
removal of the Indians ffom Fhrida
After Mr. Giddings; of Ohio had concluded his
speech, Mr. COOLER of Georgia rose in reply,
and said:
He felt himselt called on bj an imperious sense
of duty to do what he lean anticipated, and, al-
though it had been his purpose to remain si'ent
during the remainder of the session, he was not
permitted quietly to sit and heir ihe people he re-
presented— j e , hi  very neishb >is—shndered and
vililied, and the domestic institutions amidst whit h
he had been born and educated, with which In >
constituent were itkntitiej,assatltdand denounced
as amoral pestilence, that polluted and contami-
nated all who were in contact wnh them No, sir,
I should be unfanhtul to my trust, if I did not
speak out, when sentiments like thorns ot the gen-
t'emsn fiom Ohio, and principles such as he advo-
cated, were freely and plainly utiertd in this hvll,
in the tnanog of the American Ctmgiess—eum-
nent-i and principUs unwise, imprudent, nnsale,
akrmusg, and destructive of this Government—
principles dictated by a false ph lanthropy, and un-
supported by the laws and Consuiution or by the
reason and justice of the ca^e
During three Jong hours, sir, we hid sit, hear-
ing and seeing ihe infliction": wiudi that gentleman
attempted to put upon the Slate of Georgia. Re
spect for our«elves and for the taiion he he Ids, as a
member of ihis House, has procured for him a pa-
tient hearing
I have em'eavored to mark with accuracy ihe
sentmwnts he has utiered and the ptmc pies h  has.
laid down, that I muht clearly define his purposes,
an 1 expose the rule ihat governs him in refuMt g or
granting supplies to t'efend h s eourtry, when in-
vaded by a foreign or dom°st c foe
I think 1 have nut misunckr lood him, nor have
I erred in th* estimate I have put on his purposes
Theproposit rn before the committee is to app <>-
prtate $100,000 to caro out an tfioit to terminate
the Florida var—a ctnfl ct which you hate been
engaged in fcr live yt<>rs v ah savages and refugee
slaves—a war un1 i e any oiher «hich his hereio-
fore exisied—i foe tver in t'e field, nev¡r se°n
but always  fel—contiintallv attacking, bitmvi-r
met—o le with «hoot mm cent moih rs f>nd their
babes aie es lav ul vie im an ih  man at arms
To this proposit on tne member írom Oh o «ays
he will siand oppose ¡ And upon what ground?
The war, he says was unjust becau'e the people of
Gso-gia<ind of Florida «tie the a gie^ors He
ha* eadeav >re<l to irace me canst s of that war with
a view to fix this charge i n Ge r-n i in part cular.
He think* he has traied it tj ümnj I >r h  de-
clares lhat tne crime of negro stcahvg cernir tied
by ihe Georg ais, wat, the cause of ihe war He
arrives at this conclusion by assumii g, that witft-
Oitt slavery there could be no negro stealing.
After eondeming Ihe war and his Government for
being engaged m it—after abusing, in a slanderous
manner, the people I represent, for originating it,
as he alleges—after pojnng forth his invectives
and denunc a'ions aga'nst the peculiar domestic
institutions of my State, he utters loud and bitter
complaints that he and his constituents are taxed to
pay for this war—raises a lamentation and a wail-
ing in behalf of the poor Indian, whilst he stands
with his tomahawk and rifle over the mangled and
bleeding bod es of the defenceless white mother
and her child, and declares he will give nothing to
defeod or protect hi  country.
Thií, sir, is the character, the sum and the <=ub-
stance of the philantropy and benevolence of those
who, like the gentleman from Ohio, have such a
holy and pute religion in regard to slavery, so
mi'ch goo 1 will for the Indian and th" negro—
mixed with "scorn and md giation" for the South-
ern white man. Phis alibi ds us a measure of his
patno'ism.
I rtjDice, sir, that we of the South have a diffe-
rent and moie exalted patriotism—one which is
neither measured by our purse, our love of Indians
and negroes, nor our love of money. No, sir.
Tnough you were at war for a petty strip of land on
}our Northeastern boundary, fit only for firewood,
Southern products, Southern money, and Southern
blood would be at your command We should not
■■top to inquire whether yom w ar was- just or unjtist
We should not attempt to leproach our Govern-
ment and couniry for a v at, that might have re-
sulted from cutting or stealing woi d, a> Lapland
would 'ay, on her own teruu ry We should make
no such charge against any State We sh< uld hold
it to be our country'  cause, and for her cau^e and
her honor we would bleed and die Not so with
the gentleman from Ohio He has no blood to
shed, no battles to fght, no money to pay, no sym-
pathy to exercise Standing on the side of his
country's lots, he eornkmns hi* country, feels only
for thekavage, and refuses to pay.
I uill not go w i It ihe gentleman to írqune into
the eau.es of the Florida war Much as he is in
eaor, 1 feel no obligations to put him right He
could not be obliged to me for it 1 perceive ha
his a purpose and rn object in yew wb oh would
be wholly defeated if I should comet him L"t
him be indulged in his emu To rectify this would
only drive him to hunt up some other My effort
s'ull be confined to ihe auempt to expose and repel
his fa'se and slanderous charga against the people
1 rcpruen , exhibiting, Js >go, fairly an j fully ihe
objet t he ha-- tn view    '
1 will place a mee Matement of his principles
and lutes of conduct m review before tins commit-
tte and the c untiy Thne t ie a number in tn ¡>
CommilU", whose viíws n regard lo slaverv ate
under-tood io <i<<oul «ith die ^cntitman from Oho.
I have tntught I had seen a eonceitsd movement
■imongst them here th a sess o i 1 ¿m not pti-
mttfdto df ipnate those gentle.utn byname, but
H is well underdood to whem I re er When I >h<,ll
rtpiatm their hearing the principles avowed by
tbe gentleman on tins floor, 1 call on them to say
whether they oil do not agree Apd if I misrepre-
sent lum, 1 ask tumi  st mo1 friend ol ins tJ couet t
me
Sir, the gri tlrman iniint,nri , fi' t
" lint -hueiy is a Hn jt-io it cl r 3 ? Koial evil,
and ought to be abohs'ied '
¡secondly "l'iat hiis constituents are Wiul ed,
lhat their in rey htsb/en tík n io pay lot nfgroes,
and are gie tly e\ci ed on tne   object "
Tni'dly "lhat Corgress has as much power to
abolisa slavery as to ustam i "
Fourthly "That Congress has no power to take
the army to sustain it "
Ihese are some of the exiraord nary and mann-
ing docti me pnclaimed in this floor I have
not mistaken ihe gent eman Í wrote down bis
lan°uage at the am", a id sere it stands Does he
or anyone for htm disavow it? Not at all, sir,
he was «ell understood
Í ^hall not discuss tho e portions, I am not n"re
for ^uch a putpoje, I fttl them down  s part or the
h story ^nd signs of th.; times. There my dutyi
ends
These views are not peculiar to that gentleman,
I am well assured others here think with him.
Else why this silence? Their silence indicates
either their a^-eement er their apprehension at ex-
prcsing a difference, le t their constituents should
condemn tHm Either fact demonstrates the minds
of their constituency. That is the great point
Sir, these sentimtnts are freely disseminated all
over the Union by several of the ablest conducted
pubhc journals in New Yoik, Boston, Cincinnati,
and elsewhere. They are fast pervading the whole
country north of Maton and Dixon's line. This,
too, I put down as a part of the history of the
times. I should belie my own conscience, and be
unfaithful to those I represent, if I should fail heie
to record it
The gentleman from Ohio has made one disco-
very for which J give him credit, because it «eems
to conflict sjmewhat with his views and prejudices.
It is thi> he has at lengih ascertained that "negro
stealing" is a cume. It is due to him. to admit, how-
ever, that to constitute it a crime, he thinks it essen-
tial that the offen"e should be committed by a white
man, living m a slave region If committed by a
citizen of Georgia amongst the Seminole Indians, it
is a great crime, and a just cause of war on tbe
part of the Seminole, for which he excuses and jus-
tifies the savage. If committed by the Indian io
Georgia, it is excusable, for thereby the negro may
escape his master. If committed by a citizen ef
New York or Mame in Georgia or Virginia, it is
not only not a came, but an act of great benevo-
¡tnce and philanthropy, worthy tobe aided and abet-
t-d by the Legislalures of tho-e two great States.
[Heie the Chpnman, Mr. Clifford from Maine,
called to order ]
Mi Coopfr said, sir, I do not intend to be out
of order. I only adverted to these cases by way of
lllus ration.
Mr Evai>,s of Maine here rose, and said, he de-
nied that any citi? n of Maine had been guilty of
nepo stealing—on tbe contrary, he maintained that
certain persons from Georgia had come to Maine
and / 'Mapped a negro ]
Mi Coi per said he was apprised that the gen-
tlem?n from Mane, who thus interrupted him,
held the sime opinion wiih the gentleman from
Ohio, on thu suhjeet of negro stealing; and, in so
doing gave great strength and weight to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr Giddisqs,] by his talents and
l'fluencem the íanks of his poUical associates
He has uniifd in the charge of negro stealrng
fgdin t the people of Georgia—or that which is in
Georgia considered equivalent, to wit, kidnapping.
And whilst 1 e dees this, he maintains also, that a
c.tizen oí Maine, going from Gcorg a, commiF no
crime 11 haro< ung, concealing, Uking, and carry-
ing at ay a 'lave. But that the master, ¡n pursuit
of such pioperty, recovering it in the limits of the
State of Matt e, is guilty of kidnapping In thu, sir,
h' ag-ees with the gentleman from Ohio So do
o I e> gemlemen on ihis floor, many more, sir,
thin this House has credit for in the State of Geo-
gia In this, too, ihey are both sustained by their
political party m Mame, Ojio, New York, and
elsewhere
I s'a 11 net Hereto d «pu e the point with the
g itlnivn írom Vhme, whtthera cituen of Maine
has s ! a a *irg--j from Georgia I kave that is-
«ne to  the  c url and jury ot   Chatham county,
hi re, at leavt, exists pnmtftcie evidence of guilt.
Whether a citizen of Georgia has been guilty of
kidnapping his oicn negro, pur-ued and recovered in
Maine, where he had been taken and harbored, is,
st 11 more forei¿n to my purpose to investigate
Th  enfrie is loo slanderous and vile to merit a
¡e'utation fiomme, anl but for tie fact that it has
been wantonly made on this floor by a leader of one
ot the partie> in this Hojse, i would not stoop to
noiiv.e it Sir, I have been recently deprived ot the
p iwer to íesent it as I should do, by the act of my
constituent Tie powe of properly resenting
suco outrjses on this t'oor has been confided to
ofer hands I confess, however, that, impotent
a  my arm h^s ^een rend^re^, it is moved by an
irvo untary effoit to return ihe blow that is given
To my colleagues, sir, who hold here the powers
of the s orpion and the spear, I leave ihe office and
the credit of driving back 'the gentleman from
Maine.   In my feebleness, I shall probably have
