Jan. 1841.       _______            APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.            _________________175
26th Cong"«-2nd Sess.                                Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Thompson.                                                      H. of Reps.
revenue laws which weje enacted long before I
this Administration came in o po/.iír For the la.t |
four year , the taxes upon the people have b-en
rendered lighter atidhgh er, your levenue has been
gradually diminishing, and t1 ey are si'lin ihe pro-
cess of iurtner dim nutlun Tnese circumsances
required retrenchment At this, time, no surplus
meney is found in your Tr asurv ' Sba'l we blame
the Secretary? Surely not, jusiiee and candor tor-
bil it. On the contrary, he deserves the highest
compliment, the granule ot every patriot, in de
vising the means oí cu-'-uliog the cxpenjimres to
keep pace with the dimmtiion of the levenue ot
the Government, without permuting any great in-
terest rnatenallj- to ¡> ifF-^r
But, sir, uVre i  ano her word which has bi.en
rung througi all the changes Tho cry was iutt
raised within these tvalls, the winds caught up the
sound, and bo e it a'ong over every hill aad every
valley, over every city, village, and neighborhood,
throughout this va«t Repub'ie, Upon every party
pennant which was flung to the breeze, was writ
ten, ra bold and conspicuous letter , this word of
magic power. It was repeated by day and by
night, in the bustling ciowd and in the social circle
—"reform ' refoim'" And, sir, whit wis tne
meaning of all this? Among m^ const tuent , it
assuredly meant the «pending of less money The
people, it was asserted, had been unneces<anly
tcxed, to pamper and feed thi ofiVe holder, the Pre-
sident wa< represente 1 as living 11 prince y
pomp and splendor, and charge was demanded
Well, sir, that change ha- been gianted by the
peopK What now is the meaning of ihe word
"reforní1" The honorable gentlemen who lave
precedfd me, are leading and conspicuous mem-
bers of the triumphant party, and they have
given us their definition Now they call this
Administration "niggatdly," straining every nerve
to avoid expense, and that your public works are
rapidly going to decay. Now reform mears a
liberal expenditure of the public money, the build-
ing up of forts, the cleaning out of harbors the
constructing of roads and canals If this b3 its
meaning, then have the people indeed been de-
ceived TneSe things, for the most part, a e re-
jected and forbidden by tie well kn. iwn opinions of
my cofls'ituents, by th  Constitution itse'f, and by
my own convictions of expedience
The gentleman from New York [Mr Barnard]
complains of the Democratic party fur their leiu^al
to act upon private claims, thus enlarging the
necessary experses of the current y ar This
charge is gratuitous and unjust. I have seen no
party action since I have been a member ot this
House, on private claims. I speak for myse,f,
■when I say that few have been more punctual than
myself m attending to this branch of our kg slative
duties Some few of my constituents are interested,
and I have felt eager and anxious to reach and act
upon their cas s But the inference that Ihi
Democratic party were oppos°d to every rfnvate
claim, would impel us to the cor elusion that the
Whig party favored and advoca ed every private
claim And, take either horn of the dilemma, and
the who e would see n to be ridiculous.
But another charge of tip gentleman of New
York, [Mr. Barnand] which s'ruck my mmd
with surprise and astonishment—he asserts tha*
the furniture of the President's house is "unfit even
for a privats gentleman,' and that it shou'd l>¿ scld
out and other furm ure puichased That fus cen-
stitutes an additional necessary charge upon 1841 \
Has it come to this? Are ths services of tie ?.en-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Ogle] so «oon
to be forgotten? Is this the treatment he is to re-
ceive at the hands of friends, wno cía m to
be of the "more dec-nt" order? That gentleman's
speech was sent, during the last summer, into every ¡
corner of ths Slate of Mississippi. It described
the furmtuie as regal, princely, extravagant' The
drivelling politicians weie repealing it at every
tavern and cross roads, and it was held up as as- i
tomshra^, that a Democrat shoald be permuted to
live m such pomp and fplendoi ' Now, however,
a change has come, a different order of things pre-
vails. General Harrison is called by tne people
from his log cabin to the Wkite Home, and the cry
js raised, the furniture is unfit for such a man*
Will not the country hold the Wmg party respon-
sible for th° uah-illowed stories which have been
circulated abroad? Aad, if ihe furniture is to be
sold, I a„k, will not a sufficient amount be real zed
from the sale to reolace" the s'me' Other Presi-
dent have been content witi the furniture, and
will the President elect feel himself dishoiored by
it? use' I wish the country to know the^e facts.
I shall be cintent with their dec.sion.
B it still ano'her charge upon 1841, as made out
by the gentleman from New York, [ ^tr Bar-Nami,]
and the "niggardly" Democrats are to be saddled
with its postponement heretoto e Th y have re-
fused to do jute?, because, in doing so, money
was required I ailude ¡o the claims of ihe Choc-
taws for lands of which they hive been deprived
by this Govrnment These Cnoctaws live within
the Sute of M ssissippt. Then peti'ions have re
ceived my special attention, and I «m truly gran
fied that the gentleman has introduced this subject,
as a matter of complaint against the Democratic
poruon of this House, as n will afford me an op-
poriuniij of bringing 'o the not ce cf <h s commit-
tee tne present condji >h of t.iese claims.
By ihe maty of Dancing FUobtt creek, mads
w th the Cnoc'awí in 1830, it is provided, in the
14ih artic e,ta it those Indians who desired to remain
m tl e State ot Mississippi snould oe entitled to cer-
tain land, by signnying iheir in'enuon to the aaent
appointed foi t-iat purpose Tnis agent tailed
fanhfully to discharge his duties, and consequently
the Government sold the lands to whicn they were
ent tied, and they were driven from thnr homes
Thesj Indians are «till in the S aie of Mrssisstrp ,
and are insisting upon a da" campen anon for the
injuries they have sustained In 1837, C ingress
authorized a board of commi sioners to collect the
t°stimony m th se eisee. Thrt board torn nW
in existence til the 1st day of August, 1P38
These c >mvmssioners were unable to complíte
their undertaking At the sjc-eedmg session of
Congress, unsuccessful efforts were made to revive
tne comii's ion As *oon as I took my seat on
this floor, I cilled the attention of this House to
this subject pnd «ome time before the close of the
last session, the chairman of the Committee on In-
dians Affairs informed m> he was prepaied lo íe-
porl a b 11 But, sir, he was unable to do so, and
no action of Congress was hid At the veiy be-
ginning of this session I intro luced a bill, which
will mHe out ample justiee to th" miserable In
dians, who are in a stale of v ant and wretche1-
ness, which Wll is now m tl e h^nds of the Com-
mit ee on Indian Affairs I hope for an early te
port, and then I hope the gen lemán will joia me
in repairing this supposed breacn of good faith
Jus ice to Mississippi, as well as tj the claim
ants, demanJs early action. My par y friends
all around me have given m  (very assurance
of their as=is anee The deiartmems, time after
tm° have reported 'he facts and reqne ted a"-
t on I blame no p,- W fir thi  delay it h'S
grown out of the manner >n wmch  e have
done b.smess Morenv r tV <Uim 'ere is not
for money, but for land, and' e have as jpt, a
lar^e surplus on hard Bu , Mr Cnarman, why
dwell upon the-e tip es ol «ich m por momo1
these p etexts to keep out oi view the real des or,?
These are but skirmishes on the outp sts, to cov r
the mam movemen s of th  army There is
bthmdall tms another question, imolvi <g prnci-
ples of tap first magnitude Alienlv ha« i' appear-
ed before this House as a ps'iy movement ana at
toe ether en ( oi t^e Capitol, a distinguiste I party
leader, vh > sneak as one having -hi hority, openly
avowed it as a l-pdirg prmo pi tu h th- lmomtng
Administration I 'eter to the di tubai n of ihe
revenue, arising from ihe sate of tr e pabl c 'an is
among the States This, I believe, is tne true
cause of tie manifestation of a dispisi i n to im-
pose additional taxaton upon ths jeople I will
not cloak m/ fears on this subject. This distribu-
tion is but the b'gtnnmg of a sene-t of measures
which, when carried inio full operation, will sub-
vert ihe whole genius of our institutions In mo-
rals, n is the first <^p alone that co is,—in polines,
the importance of a principle depends upon the
consequences to which it may lead.   The present
condition of the States constrains me to fear the
succe s of that accursed measuie
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Thompson] spoke of the public lands as a great
electioneering fund, to be used by Ihe ambitious,
asp ring politicians of this country. He sa.d, that
it was true that they could not, like the Roman
Emperors, divide to each man his measure of coxa
bu the/were able to do that whici was equiva-
lent—give to each man his quota of the public
Und; There is ano'her illustration, interwoven
with the Roman history by the great master of htt-
m=m passion , beder sui ed to his purpose, for, on
that day when the proud usurper of his country's
freedon was laid pro trate m the dust, liberty
would have triumphed, had not the fortunes
ot the hour been ciianged by the proclamation
of Cse-ai's will, which assigned 'o every Ro-
man ci 17-n a piece of silver This dividing
the m iney among the States is r>ot to be com-
piled, in iu influence, to your preemption laws,
your graduation of prices, or lonr cession of pufelic
lands to the States in which they lie, it far outstrips
them all.
When I first hear 1 the saying of that distin-
guished man, [Mi. Randilph ] whose voice once
struck terror into the hearts ot loose construction-
ist, tlatthe day would come when a gentleman
would be considered out of order in this House to
quote the Consti ution,I viewed it as an idle prophe-
cy Bu , -ir, I view it as such no longer. We
have lived lo see that diy I now feel its force on
this veiy question Where, in the Constita ion, I
wou'd a k, is found the power m Congress to raise
money and divide it among tne States? I care not
to be shown the specific grant, for we ?U know
that is not to he f> urd What is herein the ge-
nius, ih  spmt, ihe na'ure of this Govcrnmen',
which e'othes us with hat importsnt powa1 Why
then is tnis que uon to be dreaded' Because oí the
pre ent conditiun ot the States.
S r, in casting my eyes over the twenty-six so-
vereignfes which composed this happy aad glon
ous Confederacy, and reflsetirgupon their present
pecamary embarrassments, I tremb'e for the honor
ol my country Already their fauh is pledged for
tne payment of about t.vo hunired and fortj-four
million of dolíais, and the annual interest to be
paid to fonifwrs, i. more than twelve mil ions of
dclhis If the c'jfii3ulty is now so great to meet
the interest, how will that difficulty be enhmced
when the principal ¡s to be paid. Does it never oc-
cur to the m n is of honorable membns, that poste-
rity will mqjire, what hive we received for all this'
Da they not d seover in all diis stock being held
ab'cd, a íru tful s urce of fuinre jealosies a&d
di sessions? Ine revenue derived from the public
lands will f-ill far snort in meeting the demands
upon the Sta'e-, The residue must be supplu d
f em taxation Yes, sir, onerous an 1 grinding di-
rect taxaion, unless ihi Government takes one
step further, which will b<? an easy one, this being
taken, t> pledTe the nveaue aiismg fiom im-
posts to pay this mtere t Tint being done, this
GfO/ernm nt assumes tne payment of the Siate
debt ¡ndrecil), v?h n ad deny it the power to do
so din c'ly
The proposuion to assam  the deb's of the Sates
is not openly advocated by anv respectable portion
o' either of tne g eai parties e f this c unirv. All
denv our "onsutu jo íal p > ver to pledge the faith ot
th s Govrnmeat fjx the paym?nt of debts contract-
ed in t*>e ex euhoi of loci objects But wonder
ful dt coverj tiis, hat w id ve have not the pow-
er to assume, wc have tne power to place in the
hinds of the Stat<\, the means of discharging their
oebts.
Mr. Chairman, k «craft and priestcraft have
had teen day, wi chcralt and bn.nlicraft have lost
the r influence A new era has dawned upon
the world, anl is chiraeler zed by the craft of po-
Hucians, ant it is peiceptibie in notning more
ciiarly than in this gre.it po'itieal movement. It
re ol.es itself into this,  e cinnot undertake, but
e can pay the debts of the Slates, and 1 shall
now endeavor to prove, that w  have the same
power to distribute among the States the revenue
arising from our tariff laws, as we have to dis
