176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong.-■••2nd Sess.                                 Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Thompson.                                                 H. of Reps.
tribute the revenue arising from the bale of public
lands.
In the adoption of the arteles of eonf«dera-
tion by the original thirteen States, the first diffi-
culty which presented itself, was the waste un-
appropriated lands in thf Western country. The
State of Maryland refused to ratify the articles
of confederation, until there was a prospect of
quieting that question. Shcu'aer to shoulder with
her confedérale?-, she had will nigh gone tnrough
the war of the Revolution, before she ha i sanc-
tioned the articles of compact between the
States. In 1781), the Continental Congress urged
upon the States, a liberal sunender of their waste
lands, for the use and benefit of all ihe S'ates.
On the first day of March, 1781, New York patri-
otically stepped forward and executed her deed of
cession for all her waste territory west of a desig-
nitedlme, "tor the use and benefit of such of ihe
United States as shall become members of the Fe-
deral alliance of ihe --aid States, and "for no
other use or purpose whatsoever," and on the same
daj, the Stile of MarjUnd ratified the Ameles of
Confederation On the first day of March, 1784,
"Virginia executed her deed of cession, Massaohu
selts does the same, April the 19 h, 1785 and Con-
necticut, September the 14ih, 17S6 On the 4 h of
March, 17s9, our present Constitution hav ng been
ratified by a sufficient number of the States, went
into operation, and m that instrument is found t i's
section
'TheCongrms «hall haw pernor to di pi e of anlmjkn ill
needful rules and regulations íespe nn-i the. lei i itory and othei
property belonging to the United suus
jU u not as c ear and eviieut as language can
nuke it, that ihe waste lands which ate here refer-
red to are recognised as the absolute property of
the United Slates; and being the properly of the
United Slates, can it, er the money arising there-
from, be deposed of, but /or objects in which this
Government, as separate and distinct from thn re-
spective Sute sovereignly, aie ínirresiu? It
seems to me that the propo ¡lion is self-evident,
and to prove it, by a regul   process if reasoning,
wtuld ie as uiinecis>ar} as in mithemattc* t > at-
tempt to demonstrate Ihe ?x om, that the whole i
equal to all us pans, it is sum a tiutn, *<• all Tien's
minds should íeadily assent to it upon a naked
s.atement.
But a common eiror has prevailed, that the Go-
vernment is a mere trustee of these lands. That
they were ceded to this Government meitly for the
purpose of meeting the debts ib.it then existed
against i>, and that these liabilities having now
been discharged, the States, in ihcir individual ca-
pacity, ha e a right to demand their respective
shares of ibis public dumam Nothing can be more
unfounded or unjust
L°t us recur, tor one mo nenl, to ihe causes
which led to ihe adoption oí our preset t happy
form of Government Th< mo u y powir is ih.
great"«t m every Government In England, (or
ages, Parliament pos esseil scarcely any < tber eff e-
tive power lli.i'i t j raise the necessary means of car-
rying on the Government, and at thai veiy ume her
people boa ted of their freedom Under ihe ani-
eles of confederation, the (ommon Tieasury wis
supplied by each State, in piopoition to th val ,e
of a'l land within tt e sam  snneyul lor any per-
son. Tins sjstem was toniid mop* r>tive Tie
Feleralailiance mcurrel tV>"-, but u as not p" -
sensed of Ihe power of ra sing the neee sir/ finds
to di Cn.ifge them Toe amount reil /e I r m the
public i,onrui-> under ihe Conled rati in was tritiim 
Hence ine painouc men of th it day (and p«ire r arm
wiser men m- er 1 ved in «n/ age orcoiin'r\) sought
to enlarge ihe powers of me Kertc-al alliance, „nd
the Siates cam" forjar! jui saiiendered o the
General Government toe pi uei of laying u post
duties For wha,t ptirpoi'2 To enaole that Go-
vernment lo pay the acb i aherdy i eunef, orlo
be incurred in future. In 170J, Gorgre s p ss<d
an act, entitled "An act m imos; provisions <i r tb-
debt ot the United State ," m which they pledge
the faith of Ihe Uniled S'ates the rev nue arcing
from customs, and ihe revenue from puo'io lunds,
for the redemp ion of the debts of the Untied
States
Now, sir, tho-e debts have been paid, ami by the
very same process of reasoning by which you take
the money derived from the sa e of public lands,
and give it a broad cast among the States, you can
show that the proceeds from impost duties may be
distubuted. And, I repea', commence this system,
and yeu bury your Constitution. Yoa do violence
to its plain meaning, and letter, and intent. Many
of the Stales are now hungering an! thirsting for
their share of the spoil Their appetite s keen
Their local politicians have loaded the States with
gnavous and foolish indebtedness, an I they have
not the nerve and fairness to face then cons ituen's
and ask them to pay their debts They are direct-
ing the eyes of the people to Congtess, to hide the
the enormity of their own conduct. Let the States
once feed upon it, and then voracious appetites
will not be easily appeased.
But, let it not be said that I di tru ' the honor or
the patriotism of the Sta es, or their ability to dis
charge all their liabilities. This Government is the
work of their own hands, they cr< ated it for Ih-ir
own mutual benefit and protect on, they invested
it with sufficient power to carry out the great lead
ingptirpo'es of its creation Bat one* admit the
idea thit any poition of the revenue of this Con-
federacy can bt seize 1 upon by the States, and
used by them individually, once giant that the pro-
perty of th s Government, held by the Slates in
their federative ctpacily, can be sold, and the mo-
ney appropriated by them sevei ally, and you de
s'ioy all restriction upon the poweis of this Go-
vernment. Tlu metes and boon Is of the Con-
stitution 1 aung once been broki a down, they can
never be erecteil asam If you can s=U ye ur ships
<i war, or the public lands which he bevond h Mis-
sissippi, anddivide Ihe money ami ng t e States, then
there i no limitation upon the disi retion of Con-
gress in the use of the puVii mjney And, is jt
not easy to perceive how S ate pjii'icims can C"-1-
vmce their several constituents of the facility if
this G ivcinmem to íai e money from impost du-
tifs? Du vt taxation is an abominati n n the sight
of such nun, b<cause the people then know ind
iri'ik every cent wmcli is abstracted fiom their
pockets by Government Tins leads them into too
do ea scrutiny if their pndigal appropriations.
Few men understand the opera! on ot our syste n
of taction, and the people do no kiow bon much
they pay for the support of the General Govirn
ment. It is on this account thit I dread tne mtro
dudion of this p íncip'e.
But, sir, there are other obiecUons lo this distri-
bution One of the Rpvobitionaiy principle  was,
that taxat on and representalion went hand in hand
Tht- cons i u'es one of the main pillars on which
our free institutions re t This distribution will
pr ictically oví rthrow that prtne pie. By this, Con-
grí' s will become the collectors of mon";—the
Sute Legislatures will app-opnale it N w, sir
the ti tie meaning of the principle «b we re e're 1 to
is, th it every legislative b >dy s'ould collet t th"
money which lhey sp=nd lie who takes ihe re-
sponsibility of u ing the peop e'¿ money should
also ncur the responsibility of raising that money
fiom the people. Sir, this distribution will be de-
satora! ¿in  in its tendency, ruinous in its pr ct'cs
unjust in its oppiation, and will teim nate in a vile,
cont mp ihle scrambl", a nong pditicians, for the
spoils ot this Government.
Ba<, Mr Chairmi", thtre is another ground for
a bug* deficit in i e Tit^sury at ihe eid oí'41. ll
wis s'a d I y the gentle inai fiom Mip', [Vlr
Evans,] ihai he had to doubt th it, during ti e se,c-
ceidii) A Imini iration the Ihud ins aim nt woidd
be pa d to ihe Sutes.
[fluí Mr Evans interposed, and slid h- bal
s'aud no sue i ihm¿ ]
Mr T. iheu sa,d It is unnecessary toboso tech-
nics! I me«n the/entiWi instalment and lur-
lainly could rot h?ve misunderstoo 1 'he sent'emin
n that particular B it i! matteis not One o hs
oiu party, the gentlema'i from slorth C^ro ma,
[Mi c>T1 NrJv] has brought f rw,>rd f bill to pay
this fourth ins'almeni to the S'ale4 This amount
is .tb >ut nine millions Tne money requisite to pay
this sum is not now in the Tieasury, as it is ad mt-
ti d on all hands I' must be raised by taxation
Gentlemen may say that this Administraron has
squandered th s money I will not go inlo that
subject now.    Enough for me to know, at present.
that the money is not in ihe Tr -isury. And are
we now to be taxed to raise this fourth msialment
for me S ate ? In IS36 we bada large surplus
collected from the people under a most imquuous
tariff. For the safsly of the fund, we deposited
tweniy-eight millions of tbis su plus with the
Stales, wnh the pkdge of Ihe faith of the Stales
¡hat it shoj'd be re'urned whenever wanted by this
Government Now, it is alleged, we want the
monej; but instead of calling on the Sates for
what they have slreuiy received, it is proposed to
raise (for we must raise it befor" we can compass
the ob|ect) nine millions of d illars, to be piiJ over
to them And why? Because, in 1836, we be-
lieved we were able to deposite with them thirty-
seven millions of dollar . This is sufficient to con-
vince u  of ihe danger which besets our path in
dealing on  large  es to the Stales.
Ii i proper, before I leave this part of my sub-
ject, to remark, in relation to the gentleman from
Geoigia, [Mr. Nesbit] that I a"i truly rejoiced to
hear b>m denounce Ihe distribution. And did I
believe that the President elect would be guided
by h s counsels, and those of his friends who agree
with him, I should be slow in taking any position
m advance, in opposition to the coming Ad-
ministraron foi that gsnt emaa agrees with me in
opposition to the distribution, infernal improve-
ment by this Government, r National Bank, and
in opposm  a protective tariff, though we may dif-
fer somewhat as to the amtndment under discus-
sion It is said, none are so b'ind as those who
will ¡-ft see. Is it not apparent to tint g-ntleman1
Do not the developments of every day in this House,
at tht other end of the Cap tol, convince him that
the hour is at hand when he is to be read out by his
put}? On" of two ihings is inevitable ei'her he
is to deny his principles, or eie ert his party. And
why, I ask him, in all k'ndness and sincerity of
feeling, wi'l he longer tarry and strengthen 'he
hands of the adversaues c f his principles?
Having thus examined the leal or supposed lia-
bilities of 'he Treasury, it is now proper lo go one
step faither, and inquire into our resources.
I a,jain repeat, so that I may not be misunder-
st o!, that, with the passage of this bill, the means
of he Govirnment will be amply adequate to meet
all demands falling upon the y ar '41, without
changing or amending, in any the slightestest de-
gree, the revenue laws of the country.
Thf gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
spoke of the proposed graduation and pre-empuon
bill-, as bills of revenue I agree wilh the gentle-
man, but little, if any, ad luional income was to be
expected fiom their passage. I do not know, how-
ever, that the fuenils of pre-emption placed their
support of that Oillon any such bas'S They be-
lieve, an! I am sure I cm lei not m sunderstand
iheir view , that i's provisions are ftunded in jus-
tice and sound policy, that it secures lo the emi-
gr?nt his humble home, facilities and accelerates
the settlement of your desert waste*, strengthens
your fron'ier, developes the resources of jour
countiy, enhances the value of your public lands
and promotes ihs general got d.
1 am ?waro, however, that some of my political
friends have p aced the graduation bill on the
"roird of a revenue bill And from the rcsul's in
the C1 íckas.iw nation, wheie this principle has been
in opera io >, ih re is some just ground for such a
poMtm, iuf the reduction of price, as proposed in
this bill, is so slow, and the lands on which they
would opera e have baen so l«pg m market, and 'o
thorough y culled, imt I do not expect a large in-
crease of revenue fio.ii the passage of this mea-
s«ie I bas  my advoccy or th a bill en odier
and higher gtouti'i When this Western domain
was < eiled to the Fider^l Government, the thuteen
original Siates pgreel with ihemselves, and, of
cojrse, Willi Ih? S ates Ihen in fun, to divide this
teruto-y m o States of suitable dimensions They
agreed, feitlhe-m< re, tba', "nhenevei any of the
said S a'' s shall r>ave sixty thou 5and free inhabi-
tants therein, such State shall be admitted, by Us
delegates, into the Conpiess of the United States, on
an equal foolm<; with ihe original States, in all re
"perls uha'eve) "
And apairi "Teat the Stales so formrd shall be
distict republican States, and adrmt'ed members of
