Jan. 1841.                                APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                          ifí
if       ■             *  -   '----------■---------------------------------"-----------------------------------------—-------'     ''    *"     '     ,--------------------------------------'-------'--------------------------------------"----------------------------—----------'-------------------'-----------------'---------------*•---------------------1----------1-----.---------------------U-A-
26th Cosg--"2nd Sess.                             Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Thompson.                                                 H. o| Rep .
the Federal Union—having ihe same rights of
sovereignty, freedom, and independence, as the
other States."
Here, sir, is the covenant. I call upon you to
keep your vows, redeem your pledges, abide by
your compact Long, long have the new Slates
waited for their promised redemption. The hour
of deliverance like ihe ignis fatuus, seems to recede
as we advance. Is it not mockery to say that
Mississippi is "soveieigr, free, and independent,"
' on an equal footing with the old States," when
more than one-third of her soil is held in manu
mortntt, on which the can le iey no tax, and over
which, wühov.1 permission, she can run no public
road? It requires no argument to illustrate my
meaning. The words themselves, interpreted by
plain common sense, will lead every mind (o the
same conclusion, that you have failed to <lo your
duty to the new S ates. I know we consen'ed to
this arrangement. But how was this consent ex-
torted fro n us. You made it the condition, the
price of our admission to the enjoyment of our ac-
knowledged rights. Well, sir, hitherto we have
submitted without a murnar. Mi-.sis*ippi has not
only abstained from taxing thp public lands, but
for five years after the^e la'ids have been purchased
by individual?, she ha* levied no tax upon them,
because this Government being a very km! land-
lord, she has claimed th i privilege for tho e who
deal with her. These lanJs have been m market
ten, twenty, thirty years, and loader fía one has
been found to give the pnc* demanded. Time
and again she has aslfd for tn  reduction of these
prices She desires to ex'mgonh your title If
your good lands are wortn no more tian one dol-
lar ar d a quarter, it is id'e to ask the same for
your refuse lanJs. But pass your proposed di.tri-
bution bill, and nothing but a bold and dec sive
assertion of our ngots wi'l wrest these lands from
your mi erly grasp. In future, the inquiry will
not be ho v we may conduce to the settlement of
these lands, and the strengthening of these Spates,
bat in what way we can wring from these new
States the last dollar. You must then have the
pound of flesh, but take heed in that event, that
you do not take the blood aho
The new States i n an equal footing with the
old Stales' Nj, sir Our lathers of the original
thirteen paid but a p<ntry pittance for their right of
soil; they received it as usually expressed in the
eld charters, from the "abundant grace" of the
king, bat we have been required to pay the u'ter-
mostr farthing
[Mr. Lincoln said. Ttie Indian titles to the
whole of the lands ot New England were extin-
guised by the contract of ths scalers. Tnere was
not ai acre that was trod upon by the white man,
bat what had been purchased. Mr. Lincols on-
ly wnhed the gfn'leman to know that the people
of New England purchased th" fee simple of
their lands by treaty wi h the Indians, for which
was paid the full value by that portion of our
country.]
Mr. T resumed. I thank the gentleman for the
information. All I ask for the people of the new
States is, that they may be placed on some ground
approaching the saa.e footing of tfce old States. If
the Eas era people paid for their lanis the Indian
pr.ee, which, in those days, was a mere tnflle,
surely they cannot complain of us, after we have
freely paid so much moie than the Indian price,
when we ask you to reduce, to a reasonable rate,
the price of your refuse lands
But one remark of the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr Beil] seemed to me to be unlike himself.
For him I have ever entertained the highest respect
and defence, and he is one of the latt in this House
of whom I would speak in terms of disparagement
But I must be true to myself. In speaking of pre-
emption and graduation, he said the advocates of
these measures do not desire their passage, but
prefer to keep them up as rIsctioneenng hobbies
This remark, when applied to a lar¿e and worthy
portion of this House, is hatsb, unjust, and, in my
opinion, unjustifiable But I advocate thosj mea-
sures. I th nk their passage is demanded by every
diciate of a sound and liberal policy, and, if tre
gentleman intends to give ¡its remarks a personal
13
application, I pronounce them  false and slande-
rous.
Bat the mam source of revenue to this Govern-
ment is derived from impost duties: and a propo-
sition is now before us, to increase that revenue by
levying an increased duty on silks, wines, bleached
and unbleached linens, &c which is to meet the
deficiency in the Treasury which will be created
by the distribution of the income from lands and
the payment of the fourth instalment to the States.
I rtgret that this disturbing qnestio  of tariff is
again to be raised There is no method yet de-
vised by man by which the legislator can so adroit-
ly thrust his hands into the pockets of biseonstitu-
ents and steal away from them their substance, as
is found in ibis system of taxation. To tax a peo-
ple under any circumstances, is by no means a
pleasing task. But under this ingenious device—
this lrgislative legerdemain—you impose heavy
burdens upon the people; you fill to overflowing
your public coffers, and strip them of the profits of
their labor, and then turn, and, with apparent can-
dor and fairness, attempt to flafer them into the be-
lief, that it is for the.r good to submit to the tax; that
they will prcspsr in business more when they pay,
than when they do not pay their duties S r, there
is no power m the Consü ut on which is more lia
ble to abuse, ay, which has been more abused,
than that «imple grant to lay and collect imposts
It operates secretly aid deceptively. The laborer
and the planter kn w not at tie end of pach
year what amount they have paid for the support
of G vernmerit, they do not perceive and mark,
that when they buy a pound of iron, or a bushel
of salt, or a yard of cloth, a portion of the con-
sideration goes in to support Government, they
do not p=rceive and mark, that the impor mg raer
chant paid trie duty, and added it to his b 11 as the
original cost/; that he makes a profit upon lhatduty,
selling n to the wholesale merchant*, that the va
nous hands through which the article may then
pass, till it reaches the consumer, each add their
per centum; and thus he pays his tax to the
Government with fourfold interest. Yet he knows
it i ot, le submits to it cheerfully, and politicians
are ever ready to impose it upon him. lis indi-
rectness constitutes its charm. It is circuit ras—
felt in it* results, but not seen in its operation. The
tax gatherer stands behind the curtain, and, though
his enactions may be heavy snd oppressive, yet
few undeistand, oi undertake to trace, the ramifi-
cations of trade; and room is ever left to the wily
Repretentative to argue with hi* constituents that
others, and not they, bear the burdens uf this kind
of taxation; or what they pay the Government with
one hand is reimbursed into ihe other hand by the
operations of the system.
Bat it is right and proper to deal fairly and can-
didly wi h the people. Nearly a'l the State? are
involved in debt, and domestic taxation is heavy
now, with a fair prospect of an oppressive, if not
ruinous increase Will, then, the Federal Govern-
ment be in haste to increase her taxation, and
thereby aggravate the present unavoidable pecu-
niary difficulties of the people of th? Sntes?
Shall we, when no necessity is laid upon us, be in
eager haste to impose additional taxes? Is it not
best to let this tariff question alone till we can pos-
sibly ascertain what shall be the salutary effects of
the reform demanded by the people?
In a Government embracing every variety of in-
terest, agricultural, commercial, and manufactur-
ing, like ours, inherent difficulties will always exist
in fixing upon a proper and equal system of taxa-
tion. If all party distinctions could now be wiped
out of the public mind as with a sponge, sosiety
would again immediately divide mto tax paying
and tax consumuig partus, and interest, no doubt,
would be the controlling principle. Tbe North
and the South, I fear, w 11 never agree in their
financial policy. I hold that the following consti-
tutes the fust principle of a sound p «lineal econo-
my, on which all just and equal legislation is based-
Tnat it is tbo duiy of Government to leave ca-
pital Í ee to *eek us own investments, giving pro-
tection and security to all—advantage to r.one.
Thus each citizen will reap tne reward of his own
skill and industry, and envy not tbe success and
prosperity of his neighbor.   Capital, in a free Go-
vernment, should Be left untrammelled, unmolested,
undirected, by legis'ative enactment: hire Water, it
will seek us own level; like air, it will always rush
it, to fill a vacaum.
With us jn the South, we consider it a settled
maxim, that ihe exports of the courrtry suffer* by
the duties upon imports. And those Who grew tie
exporting staple, had ]u$t as well pay the Katies
upon the articles for which their staple is exchanged
in going from horneas in returning into ojur own
ports     I will endeavor to illustrate.
The State of Mississippi produced, m the'year
1839, as it appears by the late census, 685,568
bales of cotton, which, at ten centsper pound, (and
this I consider less than an average price,) is worth
near twenty-seven and a half millions of dollars.
But it is due to remark here, that there must be
some mistake, either by the marshals or iheir de-
puties, in making out this amount. I am confi-
dent that this is too large an estimate; but, sir, I will
suppose thai Mississippi was separated from the
Uaion, and stood, an independent Government. I
will suppose, for convenience, that her exports are
worth twenty millions, on a fair circulation, it i%
right to suppose that she will import twenty mil-
lions, which is obtained as an exchange for bT sta-
ple. The rate of duties agreed upon in the ctrfl.
promise act is twenty per cent, ad valorem. Sup-
pose Mississippi imposed an undiscnminatmg duty
of twenty per cent, as before stated, then she Would
receive, as a Government revenue, one-fifth of the
whole imports; and the citizens of the State would
receive sixteen millions for their twenty mill'ons of
expor s. This tax the .people of Mississippi could
the more cheerfully bear, as it would be expended,
for the mosi part, m improving their rivers, m con-
structing their public roads, and in educating their
children With a revenue of four millions per
annum, in, the course of ten year*, with a prudent
expenditure, Mississippi could not fail to bloom as
the garden of the world. But, sir, she is a member
oí this Confed racy; she loves its institution'; and
though i s burdens fall heavily upon her thus far
she submits quietly to its exac'ions. If there be
truth in this leasomng, and she pays even the half
of what «he appear^ to pay, how great are her sacri-
fices for the sake of the union! Her representa-
tion on this ffoor is- so small m number as pcucely
to be felt. When money is to be disbursed, she
scarcely receives a ciumb that falis from yourtable.
I  is true, however, tha' irany years ago, out of
your «reat mumficfnce, you erected^a light-house on
the bluff at Natchsz; but, sir, of so little conse-
quence and utility is that lavor, th-it it is seldom, if
ever, lighted up by the cit zens. If this reasoning
be true, or even approaches truth, how unjust, and
, unequal, and impolitic, to take the money which
arises from the sale of public lands, which comes
equally from all the people of the Union, divide it
among the States , and supply the deficiency thus
created in your Trea.ury, by this unequal and bur-
densome system of taxation. It is our inability to
trace, to ascertain, to define the extent of these ills,
that makes the system tolerable. We submit; and
it would be honorable for us to submit, only on the
principle that
"He who is robbed, not wanting what is stolen.
Let him not know it—he's not robbed at all
Now, Mr. Chairman, said he, a great 'lifferencs
of opinion has been expressed by those who have
preceded me in this debate, as to the compromise
act. Such were the peculiar and striking circum-
stances uWer which that act became a law, that
I hope there is no portion of this body, at of
this country, who would disregard tbe princi-
ples therein contained But, so strange and so
singular have been the constructions placed upon
that act, that it is but due to mj self that I explain
to thu House, and through this House to my con-
stituents, what interpretation Is to bs placed on that
act, what was its object, and how we ought to meet
this great ques-ion, which will soon be upon us
Previous to ibe passage of that act, the Southern
people were contending and protesting agnnst the
principle of protection. They believe the hgh'est
duties for the people would be those derived from
taxes upon luxuries On the other hand, the ta-
riff party not only advocated protection, but aver-
red that the sudden overthrow o£ the system would
1
