178
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th ConS'..<2nd Sbs*.
Treasury Nole Bill—Mr. Thompson.
H. of Reps.
destroy expectations, and prove ruinous to capita-
lists who have made investments in manufactur-
ing establishments    Such was  the  condition of
the country, when, in  the latter part of the year
1832,  the gallant  State  of South Carolina, ap-
pealing to the genms of our free institutions, so-
lemnly vowed before Heaven that she had sub-
mitted to the oppressive burdens of that accursed
system till submission ceased to be a virtue, and
that a'passive acquiescence in its unjust exac-
tion was. no longer to be expected.   This indepen-
dent avowal presented an awful issue to the Con-
gress and people of the United States; euher the
protective system or our beloved country must
fall.   Congress met the crisis, and the compro-
mise act was passsd   In that act, the South yielded
much.   They conceded to the continuance of ihe
protective -principie till the month of June, 1842,
unwilling, by Us a-udden overthrow, to afford any
ground of complaint to the manufacturers.   They
conceded to the admission of sundry  articles of
luxury into our pons free of duty; because the
revenue arising from protected articles alone, un-
der tbeir first arrangement, was considered sum
cient for an economical administration of the Go-
vernment.   And what were Ihey to gain?     1st.
That,after 1842, no duties were to be imposed, but
with  an eye single lo revnue,  and that "such
revenue as may be neces«ary to an economical ad-
ministration of the Government."   2d   No duly
on any article shall exceed twenty per centum ad
valorem.   It is further provided m that act, that,
in case of excess or deficiency of revenue before
1842, the remedy shall be to" lower or raise the du-
ties on articles which bear a leas rate than twenty
per cent, ad valorem.   This act has remained un-
disturbed by any movement from any quarter, till
We aie now within less lhan eighteen months of its
limit.   And my determination now is, no act of
mine shall be such as to be tortuied into a pl a for
the tariff men to re! use to carry out the principles
of ihe compromise act.
Some difference of opinion, however, exists
among honorable members as to the necessity of a
revisal of our revenue laws before 1842. Sir, said
he, I contend that no one can read the act íuelf, the
speeches which were delivered on the occasion by
its prominent advocates, or understand the circum-
stances of its passage, and not freely admit that the
sompromise act was merely preliminary, setting
forth prmciples¿and leaving details for future ad-
justment.
Section third of that act begin? thus:
"And be it further enacted, Thai   until the 30th day of
June, 1842, the duups imposed by existing I iws, as modified by
this act, shall) emam and continue to be collected "
The residue oí that section is taken up in set-
ting forth the principles of all future acts on this
subject.
"And from andaftei the day last afoic&aid, all duties upon
importa shall be collected m ready money, andalt credits now
allowed by law in the payments of dutus shall be, and hereby
are, abolished, andstich duties shall be laid lor the purpose of
raising such revenue as may be necessary to an economical ad
mintoir&tion of the Government, and from and after the day last
aforesaid, the duties required to be paid by law on goods,
wares, and merchandise, shall be assessed upon the value
thereof at tho port where the same shall be entered, under such
regulations as may be pi escribed bylaw "
A fair interpretation ot this section inclines me
to the adoption of the opinion expressed by ray
friend from Soulh Carolina, [Mr Rhett,] on yes-
terday, that, after the 30 h day of June, 1842, noi
a dollar could be collected from duties on imports,
unless there was a re enactment oí the present ex-
isting revenue laws or some other.
But to return lo the act itself. The fifth section,
after enumerating a long list of articles which shall
be admitted to entry free irom duty after the 30th
day of June, 1842, thus corciude«:
"And all imports on which the fast section of this act may
operate, and all articles now admitted to entry free from duty,
or paying a less rate of duty than twenty pel cent ad valorem,
before the said thirtieth diyofjune one thousand eight hun
dred and forty two, from an 1 after that day, may he admitted
to entry, subiect to such duty not exceedm" twenty per cent
ad valorem, as shatl be provided for by law '
And again. In the sixth section, power is reserved
to guard against excess or deficiency of revenue
till the 30ih of June, 1842; leaving Congress to be
guided after that date by the principles contained
in the third section.
From all this, the inference to my mud is inevi-
table, that the compromise act of 1833 was consi-
dered as settling principles merely, and contem-
plated other legislation to fix the details.
This conclusion is strengthened greatly by the
remarks which were made by Mr. Cuy and Mr.
Calhoun, who have ever been considered the high
contracting parties on that occasion. A short ex-
tract from the speeches ot each will be sufficient
to settle that question.
In the remarks made by Mr. Clat, when he in-
troduced this compromise act, we find the follow-
ing:
"What wai the principle which had always been contended
for in this and in the other House? That, alter the accumula
tion of capital and skill, the manufacturers would stancr alono,
unaided by the Government, m competition with the imported
article" from any quarter Now, give us time, cease at! flue
tuations and agitations for nine yeats, and the manufacturers
in eveiy branch will sustain themselves against foreign compe
tition if we can see our way clearly for nine years to come,
we can safely leave to posterity to provide for the rest "
Again Mr. Calhoon on the same question re-
marks-
'There may indeed, at the termination of the series, be a ques
tion raised likely to produce some excitement He meant that
of thedistnbution of theduties under the maximum late of
duty of twenty pel cent asfixed by tne bill But he had no fear
thateven then, with the hghtof our present experience, any will
dare attempt to propose any distribution which shall not act
with substantial justice between the great sections of the Union
and the country "
Now, sir, it must be obvious that this question of
tariff must soon be met. The principles of ihe com-
promise I trust will be held as sacred as the princi-
ples of the Constitution. But I regret to see this
attempt to interfere with that question at the pre-
sent session In the first place, ihere is no necessi-
ty for it. In tbe second, we have not sufficient
time to discuss and settle the details of a bill which
I hope, when adopled, will prove perpetual And,
in the third place, the Democratic party, which is
supposed to be in a majority in this House, (but
certain indications on this subject, which I have
lately observed, have led me to doubt that fact,)
being in a minority before the country, ought not
to undertake, Irom a due regard to the popular
will, as evinced in the late elections, to settle this
great and vexed question And, in the fourth
place, an overflowing Treasury is the bane of
economy. The incoming administration has pro-
mised reform, and a straitened revenue will be the
surest guarantee for the faithful performancj of
that promise. Before we adjust this tariff ques-
tion, it is but right and proper to wait till we ascer-
tain how far retoroi and a "vigorous reduction"
will dimtm«h the expenses of ihe Government.
But if we must go into this question how, I have
insuperable objections to the plan proposed. The
Opposition raise the cry, tax articles of luxury,
the poor people do not consume silks and wine,
and therefore ihey will not feel a tax upon these
articles. Gentlemen need expect to get no ad-
vantage of me on this subject Whenever it is pro-
per to touch this subject, I will go as far as he who
goes farthest in taxing luxuries That has ever
been the favonle policy of my cons nuents- For
every cent which they will agree to take off of an
article of necessity, I will give them two on an ar-
ticle of luxury. For every cent taken off of salt, I
will give them two on silks; so that the humbug of
the poor people shall not redound to the advanlage of
one side, at the cost of the other.
But of all the articles which are admitted free of
duty^why are silk  selected? Are not teas as much
articles of luxury'J From my observation, I con-
sider that the poor people consume as much of the
one as the other. If ten per cent on silks alone
will rai«e sufficient revenue to satisfy the wants of
gentlemen, two or three per cent on all articles of
luxury now admitted free of duty would raise the
same amount, and interfere less with the regular
course of trade. This, it seems, is to be a shot
aimed at France and French trade. And what has
France done to justify this movement, this at-
tempted punishment' What was the reason which
led to the present admission of French silks, free of
duty, into our ports' Mr. Clay, in bis speech on
this, very compromise act, makes known the real
motive     He says
"By the bill now proposed, the duty on French silks was pro
posed to be repealed, leaving the others untouched lie would
frankly state why he made this distinction It had been a sub
ject of anxious desire with him to see our commerce with
France increased Trance though not go large a customer in
tho great staple of o>u country as Great Britain, was a great
growing customer   He had been much struck with a fact going
to prove this, which accidentally came to his knowledge, which
was, that within the short period of fourteen years, the amount
of consumption m France of the great Southern staple of cotton
had been tripled "
Upon observing this remark, I was induced to
refer to the statistical tables to ascertain the effect
of that law which went to the encouragement of
French commerce with this country, ai'd I was
traly struck with the result. The following table
shows the quantity of cotton exported to France.
Pounds
For ihe year ending 30ia Sep  1832   .    77,467,807
Do.           do.          do.    1833   .   75,119,894
Do.           do.          do.    1831   .    78 080,047
Do            do           do.    1835        99,586,448
Do.           do           do     1836   . 100,155,742
Do.           do.          do    1837   .   98,551,299
Do.           do           do.    1838   . 119 624 822
Do            do           do.   1839   .   89,109,737
This table clearly shows a fulfilment of lhat Se-
nator's wishes. It shows, that as we have en-
larged eur consumption of French silks, she has
enlarged her con.umpticn of our cotton I have
carefully examined these ponderous tables of our
exports to, and imports from, France, and the
results are mb*st favorable to the principles of
"fiee trade.' All commerce is but an exchange
of the productions of one country for those of
another, and unless we take French silks and
French wines, she cannot and the will not take
our cotton. The tendency of this measure will
be, as I believe, to dimmish the demand for
cotion; (for it must be remembered, tbat
fifteen sixteenths* of our whole exports to France
consists of raw cotton,) to depress and injure its
s.ale, and consequently, to affect seriously the in-
terests of my constituents. Therefore I deprecate
tne passage of this proposed tariff on silks at this
time It aims a blow, without adequate necessity,
at a good and profitable market for our staples.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. BabnabdJ
joins issue with the President in a remark he makes
at the opening of this session, that, during his
administration, "the great purposes, for the attain-
ment of which ihe Federal Government was insti-
tuted, have not been lost sight of." And, after
enumerating a long list of objects which involve
heavy expenditures of money, which have been
withheld during this Administration, in all of which
hve differ, ¿oío calo, he concludes, that it is the duty
of this Govtrnment to regulate the State banks,
and furnish lo the people a sound uniform cur-
rency m the establishment of a Nalional Bank,
which has bien neglected On this subject history
will do justice to this Administration In a moment
of great pecuniary pressure and difficulty, when
ram and bankruptcy stared us in the face on every
side, when ihe sioutest heart began to quail, and
the firmest nerve to tremble, it met tbe crisis and
restored the Constitution. It,would be a reproach
to the wisdom of our ancestors lo suppose, that la
the formation of our Constitution, ihey had been
silent on the subject of the circulation of this Go-
vernment, which is the life blood and soul of every
society. They have not been silent. They say,
"Congress shall have power to coin money, regu-
late the value thereof, and of foreign coin," and,
also, "no State sflall coin money, or make any
thing but gold and silver com a tender in payment
of debts." This is the sum and substance of all
the power they deemed it safe to entrust into the
hands of Congress over this delicate subject. Tbey
repudiated a National Bank when asked for in the
convention, "as incompatible with the rights of the
States and the liberties of Ihe people." They de-
clare that all power not conferred by the Constitu-
tion on the General Government, is reserved to the
S ates and to the people. This, then, is the whole
range of the authon y entrusted to us to furnish the
people a sound and uniform currency The line
of duty is plain Let its but walk in the path pre-
scribed by the founders of our institutions, and
happiness, prosperity, and liberty, will be our re-
wards Depart <rom it, and \, e enter a dangerous
sea, wilhout bounds or shores Congress has* no
power to bank, directly or indirectly. We are
bound lo fix a standard oí value, to con money,
and regulate ihe value ¡hereof Having done
this, we have reached the terminus beyond
which we dare not go  without usurping power
