180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong-•••2nd Sbss.
District Banks—Mr. Wright.
Senate.
ridicule. A nearer toad had been foil' d, by bank
makers, to the attainment of the grsat desideratum
'of our people: the philosopher's, stone had been
discovered    Speculation was the secret
But, in the spring of 1837, the cord was snapped,
and reality burst upon us The delusion which
had enwrapt our sense*, suddenly vanished The
banks had strained their credit till public confidence
was deslroyed. Consternation was ceen in every
countenance. The hope which buoyed up the heart
of the parent, and the bright prospect  which de
lighted the fancy of families, m a moment were
swept away. The cup whicti had been all sweet-
ne«sand exhilaration was now dashed with gall and
wormwood. And the  it was that ihe fe-s of our
rnar-hal reached the enormous sum ot $87,000 ,
"But, sir, I verily be íeve (he crisis, is passed i
We have sowed to the wind, we have reaped the
whirlwind. We have experienced the bitter fruits
of our*own misdoing And, m many ínstancas,
our legislaron has been unwise, without question.
@y such a reverse, any o'her pe >ple would have
been thrown back for years in thur onward march
We have tried, to the uttermost, legislative relief
and bank relist, butall in vain. Eaeigy, industry,
enterprise, and honor, yet remain; dear-bought ex-
perience has taught us salutary lessons of economy
and-frugality. Our genial climate, our fertile soil,
and our rich staple, are all our own On these we
base our hopes On these and a kind protecting
Providence we rely. Nor will our reliance be in
vam. It must be evident to all, that with an an-
nual production of a surplus staple worth twenty
millions in specie, without unjust and prejudicial
legislation on the part of ihe General Government,
Mississippi must ere long become tbe'fairest daugh-
ter of the South                         '
BANKS <|P THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, February 23, 1841.
The bill no revive and oniinue in existence the
charter  of the banks ot the District of Columbia
being taken u<p,      /
Mr. CLA^oj/Alabaraa rose to propose an
amendment. He moved first to strike out the
figure two in the 9th line of section and to sub-
stitute three, thereby extending ihe existence of the
charters to ihe fourth day of March, 1843, instead
of the same day of 1842 He next propo«ed to
strike out all after the section and insert as
follow:
Prtmdtd The said banks shall each for itself redeem all its
notes and specie liabilities in specie when demanded from and
after the passage of ihia act, and throughout the whole period
for which the said several chatters ire heieby extended And
in the event that an) one or molt of eii 1 banks sh if! decline to
meet its liabilities m specie as afoiesaid ot having commenced
to pays eue, shall, hereafter, during ihe period aiorcai I coast
or fail lo do so any bank so declining, cea^iig or failing to
pay in specie, shall, ipsofacto, hilen itsehuui andshtili lo
ceed to wind up its concerns under the provisions of the law
passed on the 3d ol July, 1810, entitled 'An act to conunm the
corporate existence of certain hanks m th* District of Columbia
for Certain purposes," whichsaid act is hereby madeapplici
ble m all its provisions to every of said banks failing as aloic
said, for the period of two years from the date of any such
failure or negfect to pay in specie And any attempt by the
officers of any uf said banks so as above said forfeiting us char
ter, aftei any such lorfeituie to exercise any of the banking pri
vil«ges conferred by this act, shall subject such officers to all the
penalties of illegal banking
The object he had in view would be apparent
on reading the amendment, it was lo continue the
corporate existence ot the banks for t wo y ears from
the fourth of March, but it was on consideration
that they pay specie on demand for their notes
Under the penalty of a forfeiture of their chai ters |
Mr. MERRICK said (hat ctrcumsiances con-
nected wi h this subject had recently occurred,
which were very different from what they were
when this bill was reported by the Committee on
the District of Columbia—many important changes
had taken place m the banks and the currency, since
that time, of so important, a character that he was
now inddced to think that the amendment was bet-
ter than, the original bill, and he h?c! risen to say
that he should offer no opposition 10 its adoption.
Mr. PRENTISS made a few observations, which
were not distinctly heard.
Mr. MERRICK was understood ¡o reply that
the bill of last session would still be applicable,
*¡4 compel them to wind up their affairs.
The amendment was then agreed to
Mr WRIGHT dssired to make a further amend-
ment to the bill, to prohioit the banks discounting
and paying out notes not their own—of banks that
were not paving specie, and of railroad companies,
that weie not redeemable in specie.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama would agree that the
banks should not pay out, but he objected to a pro-
visi n that would prevent their receiving such
note .
Mr WRIGHT submitted bis amendment in the
following t«rm=.
-BO 2 Atidbeitfurthei enacted, That neither of the said
banks shall, by virtue of any thing in this act contained, 1 e autho
nzed to issue or pay out any note, bill check or dtaft of any
bank company, incorporation, association, or individual, which
said note, bill, check, or draft, shall not be payable and paid on
demand in specie at the place where it is mado payable, and
any violation of this restrtctioi shall be, ipso facto, a forfei
ture of all the nghis, powers, and privileges confened by this
act m the mannei specified m the first section theieof as toa
failure of specie payments
Mr MERRICK was sorry this amen Irnent had
been offered. He desired to restore the banks to
the condition of those in the surrounding districts,
but fhair business was limited, and he did not wish
to place them in a different condition than those m
the adjacent counlry of Virginia and Maryland
He wished hem lo be specie paying banks, but he
did not wish them to be restricted Irom ihe u e ot
paper, which was commonly recused by the peo-
ple of the District. He was sorry that any gen
tleman should be tli posed to make a dis'inction
in the mode ot doing business between these and
surrounding banb-
Mr. WRIGHT did not desire now, at this late
slag*  of the se sion, to occupy much time on the
subject ot these bank charters. He had very
settled views in reference to proper charters
for banking institution , but it was not h s mttn-
tion to present them here. Tne proposition before
the Senate as now amended by the honorable Sena-
tor from Alabama [Mr. Clay] was simply to re-
new, or raiher revue the charters of these institu-
tions, and exten 1 them a sufficient time to enable a
new Congress to act permanently upon the subjtct
ot bands for Ihe District He did not, in reler-
ence to legislation so temporary, wish to diseuss
the general subject of banking >nd bank charters
If he could see simple piovis ons adopted which
would make trie institutions sate, and their eur-
redcy sound foi th s short period, he should be
content Such was the provision and the object
of the amendment of the honorable Senator wbieh
had been adopted, and such was his object in
offering ihe amendment now under consideration,
to prohibit tmse binksfrom paying out irredeema-
ble papei T ie amendment of the Senator was
go d as far as it went, and made the banks specie
paying banks 11 term , but it did not go far enough
It, while compell-d to tedeem their own notes in
specie on demand, thc$e institutions were permuted
to 1--SUE and pay out at pleasure the notes oí otaer
banks, of rai'road companies, and the like, which
were not redeemable, and not redeemed in specie,
the specie payitig provisions ot the honorable Se-
nator would be useless in fact, and m practice,
though sound m principle, and unexceptionable in
form.
Look at (he ban\-> of Maryland He did not
know that any of them were specie paying banks
now, even in form, but he had seen that, by a re-
cent Iam of the legislature of the State, they were
all authorized to pay out the notes of the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company, a company which
has no olhei power to l-sue notes to circu'ate as
money, than a blind and doubtful implication from
the provisions of a charter, intended simply to
confer the power to construct a railroad, and which,
assJtniBg bankirg powers upon such a basis, h*
believed did not make its notes, even m fcrm, paya-
ble on demand in specie, and certainly did not
either so redeem them in fact, or even make the
pretence of doing so With such notes for ¡he
currency of ihe banks ot Maiyland, of what use
were specie paying previsions in their charters?
To the publ c, for whose beiefit the banking powers
were conferred, or should have be-n confetred,
none whatever
In reference to these District banks the Senate was
not without abundant experience. These chafers
had been several times extended since he had been
a member of tne body, and what sort of a currency
had they commonly paid out? The notes of this
very Railroad Company, the notes of the corporate
cities of the District, and various other descriptions
of irredeemable paper. Indeed, much of the cur-
rency which had been heretofore circulated by these
banks was not in fact redeemed any where, and
could not be collected by law any where It was
the paper of incorporations declaredly insolvent,
anl as unable, as apparently unwilling, to pay.
Were they then constituting specie paying banki,
wi h the right to issue and pay out such papei?
With the right to furnish to the community such a
currency? Would the Senate delude itself by so
preposterous a supposition? But gentlemen urged
that the banks ough1 to be permitted to take uncur-
rent ard trred emable paper upon deposite, and so
receiving it, to pay it out upon the checks of depo-
sitors What broader power than this did the
banks want, or could they wish, to enable them to
transact all their business in irredeemable paper
not their own? Cer ainly none The moment this
authority was given, nothing was to be done but
to make their airangement with the Railroad Com-
pany, or any other corporation or individual, for
ihe use of a sufficient quant ty of irredeemable
notes, place them in deposite in the bank to the
credit of its officers or cleiks, and pay ihem out at
pleasure upon their checks. Thus the banks would
be m fact, what theJSenate does not intend to make
them, «redeeming banks of the worst character—
banks of issue ot an irredeemable paper which
they do not even promise to pay, nor make them-
selves legally habie to pay at any time, or in any
manner Instead of issuing their own note , which
they are bound by the bill to pay on demand, and
in gold and silver, they will merely issue paper
which is not simply irredeemable, but absolutely
uncollectable
What was the honest arid practical banking rale
upon this subject every where i That a bank re-
fuses to receive all paper which is uncurrent, or
not e-iual to its own, whether offered in payment,
or for deposite, or receives it at pai^ Surely not.
It receives such paper at its value and gives credit
for that value, not for the nominal amount. It is
not the custom of solvent banks to receive uncur-
rent paper as par and pay it out again at par. The
value ot the paper is fined before it is received,
and the deposi¡or has a credit for that value as for
a deposite of current paper or specie. His own
experience had been extensive upon this point.
His residence was upon the frontier, where the pa-
per of ihe Canada banks bad always had an exten-
sive circulation, freqututly as great as that of the
banks of the S ates., and yet it never was current.
/ 11 the banks upon the fron ierk take that paper at
us market value, either in payment, or for depo-
site, the value being agreed upon when the papsr is
received, and none of them have ever thought, nor
have the citizens, of going to the Legislatures of
their States for authority to pay out this uncurrent
foreign paper. The citizens would not endure
such a law, because it would retain the uncurrent
and depreciated paper among them and make it
their exclusive currency The sound rule takes it
from them. It centres in the banks and is sent
home for redemption
Is the practice under this sound rule injurious to
the just interests of any of the parties? It seemed
to him not. The depositor loses nothing, because
he receives the value of his uncurrent paper. If he
sustains loss at all, it was sustained when he took
the paper for more than it w<is worlh, or because it
has depreciated m his hands, not because he sells
it for money and for what it is worth. The bank
loses nothing, because it merely pays the present
value for depreciated paper So far, therefore, the
transaction is equal and just How then is the
great interest affected? The community? Most
benefically. The uncurrent paper is taken from
circulation, and its mlue, m gold aid silver, or in
paper which is convertible into gold and stiver, is
substituted in in place, as a part of ihe currency.
The sound rule, then, is j-afe to all parties and es-
sentially beneficial to th  whole public The mis
chievous operation of the opposite one, that of per-
muting banks to receive uncurrent paper upon de-
posite and agaii pay it out upon checks, has been
