Mar. 1844.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
181
26th Cons.......2nd Sbss.
appropriation for surveys—Mr. Carr.
H. of Reps.
glanced at; and the experience of the last few
years, and the condition of the banks of the coun-
try at this moment, supersede the necessity of far-
ther remarks upon it.
In. but one way could this view of the case be
obscured.    It might be said, if the depositor were
. permitted lo deposite his uncurrent paper as at par,
and check upon the bank for it, he  would sustain
no loss.  Thit misht be true in fact and in practice,
' but it could only be so b cause the depositor would,
. by this legerdemain of legislation, be able to throw
'  off his Its* upon his creditors; and in that case,
upon what class of his creditors would the loss be
likely to fall?    Not upon the wealthy,  for they
would n> t receive his check payable at the bank in
uncurrent funds in payment of iheir debts.    They
could command dollar for dollar and would have
it.    Upon what class then?   The laborers.    They
must have their pay to obtain bread, and the ques-
tion of time with them was more material than that
of loss upon depreciated paper.    They must take
the checks, because ihey must eat.
It was this very consequence which he wished to
avoid, and he could not tolerate the idea that the
f wealthy were to have a deposite of spurious funds
in the ba\ks, out of which they were to be per-
mitted, by the express terms of oui laws, to com-
pensate the p ■ or "for their sweat and labor.
A desire for special dsposites of this character
seemed to eiist. Permit them to any extent. As he
nndersiood ¡■pecial deposites, they may be made of
any thin?; of plate, of valuable papers, of pictures,
as well as of that which is called money, and in
any shape are only to be relumed to the deporitor.
In that shape let uncurrent and irredeemable paper
be deposited, and he would not object to it. If there
were those who wished to preserve such paper, he
was not one of them, nor was he an enemy to them.
If the vaults of a banlt were requisite for the pre-
servation, while he could not doubt the power of
any bank in the world to receive such a special ás
posile and return it, he would be ihe last man to
lefuse the right, in legislating upon the subject; but
to check up- n special deposites was, to his mind, like
a -roposi.ion u> check upon the ti le deeds of an es-
tate, upon family picuies, or upon any other proper-
ty of ihe haec-iaracier. And ihe authority to check
upon uncurrem money, as such, m deposite in a
bank, was merely to ask general authority lor the
bank to issue uncurret.t notes as a currency.
His amendment did nc t interfere with the re-
ceipts of ihe banks. He would not, if he could,
prohibit them from receiving, upon theirown terms,
any circulating paper, however uncurrent; but he
would not, by his vo*e, permit them to pay out any
other than a currency of gold and silver, or a cur-
rency of paper convertible into those metals at the
pleasure of the holder. This was the wt&retfcur-
rency he was prepared to favor, and no other, and
this was a limitation of banking powers which he
could not forego, for any time, or upon any con-
sideration.
If a different course could foster the true interests
of the people of this Di trict, about ¡whose helpless
condition they were accustomed to hear so much.and
so eloquently delivered, from the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on ihe District, he was un-
able to see the legislation in that light, and, there-
fore, could not be a piriy to it. His impression
had been, that, if Ihe-te institutions were to benefit
the people in their currency, their most useful agen-
cy was to consist in thy fact that any thing «li ch
passed into ihem, in the shape of currency of an
uncurrent charac-ier, was never to pass out from
them in the same character. In this sense the utili-
ty of banks was to him apparent; but it they were
to be mere institutions for the issue and circula-
tion of uncurrent and irredeemable paper, to cir-
culate as a currency, he should be ready to deny
their utility, and to consent to iheir perfect ¡ermi-
nation at the earliest possible period. It banks
were to be revived for this declaredly poor District,
which should be authorized by our iaw ti fijod ihe
markets of the Di-sinct with a pa,«er, called money,
which mortal man cannot collect any where, and
any how, he must be pardoned for refusing his
assent to their existence for an hour, much less for
months or years.
His impressions had ever been, that one of the
most useful iffices of sound banks was to take the
uncurrent paper of the bad ones, and of the other
irredeemable incerporations and associations, as
well as individuals, from circulation, and to substi-
tute a currency of value in its place. If this was
not to be so in future, he should be compelled to
call upon the friends of banks for some further
grounds for their utility before he could favor
them.
His earnest object was to give these banks life
for the shortest period, which would fairly enable
the new Congress to act permanently upon the
whole subject, and to havs that brief life given
upon principles which could be sustained in the
permanent action, and which, in any event, would
not compromit his settled views upon the great
question tnvo'v«d.
Mr. MERRICK said it would be observed that
under the bdl as amended by the Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Cuy,] the banks could not pay out
any thing but specie, unless by consent of ihe per-
son receiving it: fhey would be compelled to pay
on demand all iheir liabilities in specie. Bat the
amendment goes- further, and denies ihem the right
to pay what the citizens were willing to receive as
a currency. He had been told that the paper of
specie paying banks of the District, as compared
with notes of non-specie paying banks of Baliti-
more, wa.sat one per cent, discount; and there were
many cafes in which the notes of other banks
would be much more valuable to persons having a
debt to pay in Baltimore. He thought they had
given the citizen til he could require when they
gave him specie on demand iorth? rsaes of ihe
banks.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said the proposed
amendment of the Senaior fiom New York would
act as an inhibition of ihe bank-? receiving ih->
nuies of non-specie paying banks at all; for if he
were to bring note  of non-specie paying banks of
Alabama—and unfortunately Hiere were such banks
in Alabama—and wished to deposite them with the
banks here, he could not do so under his pmposed
amendment, as it-would prevent him from drí.win 
them out again. He iheiefore piopjs-crl to amend
the amendment by the addition of this provisi:
Provided, That nothing contained in this section shall pro-
hibit either of said ba ks ooin receiving ihe paper or any non-
specie piying bank or special deposite, and returning the same
to the depositor on his check.                                     *
Tie honorable ¡Senior's amendment di^tircly
prohibited the paying out of non-,-pecie pay n*
bank noies, no matter how the banks became pos-
sessed of ihem. He (Mr. Clay) mi;;ht deposite
with 'hem notes of non-specie paying banks in
Alabama, and this amendment would deprive them
of the right, to pav him back his own money, as
the banks would be prohibiied from paying out the
money of an individual which \ra< not of the de-
scription contemplated. Now, to some persons it
wouid seem, from what he had understood some
days a?o, that the paper of Ihe non-specie paying
banks of B.ilnmoic would be better than the paper
of Virginia now paying specie; and, therefore, as
well as fir the reasons he hid bef-re given, he
hoped his ameiidn-ent would be adopted.
Mr. WRIGHT said, if the words "on the pay-
ment of his check" were sirieken out, he did
not think the amendment wouid f-mouat to
any thing, and, therefore, he should not oppose it.
He was as willing that the banks ¡.tv-ald lake iire-
deemable paper on special deposite a? the honora-
ble Senator could be, but he did net wish to see it
paid out again. Now just see ¡he effect of the ho-
norable Senator's amendment—and he would detain
the Sedate but for a momen'. Suppose that he, as
a business man, deposited ten thou-and dollars of
irredeemable paper with these batiks, and he ihen
gave his check to a friend for five thousand dollars,
and another check to his honorable friend lor the
residue of the ten thousand dolíais, was not this a
distribution of that irredeemable paper amongst
the'community, as much as if it were paid out by
the bankf? But what did the honorable Senator
tell them'? Why in effect that tho charters w.re
good for nothing without the privilege. But vvcukl
they call it a special deposite, and yet direct that it
should be paid out on his check? Why it would
thus become as general a deposite as can be made
in a "bank.   If it were made as a sp-cial deposite,
it must be return*. 1 identically to the depositor.; hut
the moment they authorized it to be checked upon,
they authorized it to become the currency of the
country.                                                    "               "
Mr. CLAY of Alabama explained that the usual
practice was to pay out even special deposites on
the check of ihe depositor; and he hoped the notion
of the Senator from New York [Mr. Wbiuht]*
would not prevail.
Mr. SEVIER desired to ask his friend from New
York [Mr. Wiuoht] a single question, to which he
hoped the honorable Senator would, in candor, say
yes or so. Would the honorable Senator from
New York vote for the bill, if his amendment were
adoptedl
Mr. WRIGHT.    Yes.
Mr. SEVIER. That was better than he had ex-.
pee'ed; and he should therefore make no speech.
After a few words of explanation between Mr.
MERRICK, Mr. BENTON, Mr. WRIGHT, and
Mr. CLAY, the words objected to by the Senator
from New York were withdrawn; and in that shape
the proviso of the Senator from Alabama was
adopted without a division.
The question then came up on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Tapfam to stiike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert as an amendment a
bill embracng the fallowing features:', . .
Every stockholder shall record his stock in the clerk's (SfSee,.
the schedule of the same to be published every three months in
the newspapers of the District; every-«ale add-transfer to ba
placed on record, and published within ten days.
To issue no notesofless than $20, undera penalty offivehun-
dred oltars.
If specie be refused, enabling any j ustice to enter up judgment
with 2(1 per cent, damages, and cost of suit.
Making the passing of any no:e by any individual, ofleas
than ©'20, hable to a forfeiture of double the amount of the
note.
That if any person shall establish a bank and issue notsa as
money, without means of redeeming the same in current coin,
he shall be deemed sruilty of a misdeme mor, and on conviction
shall bo imprisoned not less than three nor more than t«a
years.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama hoped the Senator from
O/iio would now consent to withdraw his amend-
ment
Mr. TAPPAN rose, and spoke in support of his
amendment at Jength, ultimately giving way for a
moiion to adjourn.
REMARKS OF MR. CARR,
OF INDIANA.
In ¡he House of RepresenUiiVts, March 2, 1841.—The
Hou;e bei<;g in Couuniuee of the Whole on the
bill "making appropriation  for  surveys and
other purpose-,"
Mr. CARR said he was desirous of sffering an
addilional section to the bill as an amendment, if it
were in order so to do; and in order that the Chair
might judge whether ih-5 amendment he desired to
offer would be in order, he would send it to the
Clei k's table to be read, and it was read as fol-
lows:
'And be it further enacted, That the sum of fire thousand
dollars be appropriated for the purpose of making a survey
a.-.tl examination of the Louisville and Portland Canal as to it*
capacity to do the business required, and also as to the propria-
ty or nr'ipropriPtv of expending money to improve the same,
with a view to suit the state of trade and commerce of the coun-
try, and the cost thereof.
Also, a survey and examination of the Indian chute through
the falls of the fclhio river, with a view of judging of the pw-.
prtety- or impropriety of improving the navigation through (he .
falls.   And also a survey and examination, with a view of juo"¿-
ir.g of the propriety or   impropiely of constructing a, canal
round the falls of the Ohio river on the Indiana shore and the ,
probable cost thereof; suited to the state of the trade ana corn-
merce;of the country, said surveys and examinations to be mads
u nder"the direction of the Secretary of war,*"
which amendment was decided by ihe chairman
[Mr. Wise] >o be in order.
Mr. C went on to state that he had been in-
duced to offer this amendment upon'an estimate
made by the chief of the Topographical Bureau, and
the lecommendation of the Secretary of War, sent
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, in favor of such appropriation, for the pur-
pos-s d'es:gnated in hi  amendment, which estimate
and tecommendation of the'Secretary of War were
made in pursuance of a letter which he had the
honor to address to the Secretary of War; which
letter and answer were read as follows!
Washington, June 4,1840.
Sir- Ibegleave to present toyou the amended bill, as reported
to the Senate by the Committee on Roads and Canals, -AavíDg
for its object the improvement of the navigation at the &Hs of
the Ohio river, and which provides that the money expended
shall be done under the direction of tile Secretary of War, and
