APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
186     ____________________
26th Cono.....2nd Sess.
language, the eloquence of his manner, the power
of his intellect, and the conclu ivene^s of his rea-
soning—one who, during a protracted service
here, stood consp cuous for his zeal, his ardent de-
votion to, and consistent support of, the Republican
policy I mean the late Thomas W Cobb
Speaking of this city, this Government and their
influences during one of those moments of freedom
m conversation, when he was wont to relax into a
familiarity of expression, peculiar to himself, he
concluded by saying "By shot, Mark, we send Re-
publicans to Washington, and they come back Fe-
deralists "
DEFERRED PROCEEDINGS.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday/ February 25, 1841
T&e House being m Committee of the Whole
on theYNaval impropriation B II, Mr. SALTON-
STALE  moved to strike out $1,425,000 and insert
$200,000 tor the increase, repair, armament,
etc of the Navy
Mr. SALTONSTALL spoke in support of his
motion at considerable length The appropriation
reported m the bill was, he said, wholly insufficient
for the demands of the Department It is so, said
he, in the opinion of the B ard of Commissioners
That appears in every part of their reports to the
Secretary of the Navy The estimates presented
to Congress were not the result of their own judg
ments, founded on their knowledge and experience,
but were cut down so as to bring them within a
certain amount, to which ihey were res'neted This
was ihe course tie last year a* well as this The
Secretary of the Treasury forms the best con-
jectural opinion he cm as to the amount of revenue
lor the year This is reported to the President,
and then it is parcel ed out among ihe different
deputinems and branches of the service The
Board say expiessly, that their estimates were
made "under the restuction tint the whole estimate,
exclusive of marines, shall not excet-d $5,025,000 "
This is ^11 wrom?, siid Mr S, the head oí the
Department with the aid of the Comm ssioners,
ought to state that the proem condition of that
great branch c f our Government, the Navy, and
tha amount oí appropriation require! I do nit
say that their opinion should be conclusive There
is a tendency in all boards of officers to magnify
th« importance and the wants of their respec tve
departments But they should ma«e ihe estimates,
in th  first instance, and these shou d be submitted
to the examination of the President or the Cabinet
Mr. S thin rcmarkidon the duties of the Board,
their experience, and the great consideration to
which their opinions are entitled
Mr. S. then referred to the act of 1840 which
placed under one head appiopnations which ha 1
before been made under seveial, and referee! also
to the report oí ihe Commissioners to show that,
after deducting from the amount appropriated in
the bill the sum which the experience of twenty
five j ears hid proved to be necessary ' to prcseive
a value in vessels and stups equal to the rriginal
cost'" the sum of #100 000 only will be left tor the
increase and improvement of the  Nav^
One hundred thousand dollars for the increase
and improvement oí the Navy ' Who will say
that this is. sufficient? It is a pitiful sum for the
service for which it is required Besides, we owe
a large sum to he Naval appropriations We
have borrowed iiom the appropriation fur the
gradual improvement of the Navy, which was to
be applied to other purposes, «5670,000 for the two
steam vessels now near!} completed This ought
to be restored, this House did restire it m me ap
propnatton bill of last year, but it wis struck out
m the Senate, as was also an appropriation for be-
ginning a third steam vessel, oa account of the
state oí the Treasury. They applied to the Naval
bill the process oí incision, and annexed to the
Army and other bills the extraordinary proviso sub-
mitting to Executive discretion a larDe portion of
the appropriations.
Mr. S then referred to the acts passed from
time to time, by which at least $500 000 had been
annually appropriated for the increase and  ím-
Naval Appropriation Bill—Mr. Saltonstall.
provement of the Navy since the \eai 1816, the
last of which expired in March, 1840 The ap-
propriation, said he, is wholly insufficient No
one can read the documents from the Navy Depart-
ment and have a doubt about it The Commis-
sioners tell us what they want to do with the money,
they want to complete ths two steam frigates "if
the necessary appropriation i« made," ihey want
to build a third steam veseel to be p opelled by
Ericsson's propeller by way of experiment, and
they say that "they were prevented from including
this in the estimate, for 1840 by the supposed ne-
cessity of limiting the estimates to a certain
amount," Ihey want to complete the frigate Con-
gress, a 69 gun ship, on a new model, the success
of which it is important to try before building
other vessels of the same cliss; and they are desi-
rous of replacing the Guernere, a name which ex-
cites a thrill in every American bosom, as it is
associated with our first naval battle and naval
victory—a name which ought to be forever pre-
served in our Navy. One hundred thousand dol-
lars for all this' It is utterly inadequate They
must either stop and not go on to do what the
good of the couniry requnes, or they mus! draw
the funds from other branches of the -ervice, and
of coursa throw addmonal burdens on the next
year. Is this wise? Are we reduced so low as to
render this necessary?
Mr S. then spoke ot the importance of the Navy,
its importance was admitted, it had been ever since
ihe last war Time had been when the Nsvy had
its enemies, but n had long since passed It had
gained universal favor by us gallant conduct—by
the glory it bad acquired for itself and the country
He referred, also, to what other natuns weie doing
for the enlargement of their navies thoir steam-
ships, &o What would be our situation (he
asked) in ca«e of sudden wai?—not that he appre
hended it He trusted that v e should be saved
from such a calamity But now was th" time to
prepare for an eventto wnich v e might billable
But a navy (said he) is not íequiredfor war ->lone
It is essential for ihe protection of on* vast com-
merce spread over ilu g obe That íasone of the
reasons for its origiml establishment Our Navy
is our best repiesentattve evi ry where, and our he-.t
protection from insult an 1 mjuty WeougVtto
have a naval force in every sea, where o her man-
time nationi have established naval stations
Mr S then adverted w the hte snzares of
VfSsels belonging to hi- constituents on ihe coast
of Africa, an I contended that if a proper naval
force had been ihere, the outras.es m all piobability
would not have occuried The i why did not tre
gertleman agree to llu proposed amendment?
The on!y**reason which can be Riven is, the stite
ot the Treasurj ' The monev is all gone ' Is this
a Rood reason ? Will the cumtry s>con«idei it?
No Let us, said Mr S isbie Tie-isury no es,
or resort to a loan, in aiy mode, rather than
suffer our Navy to languish Not a permanent
loan, for I deny that the e is now, or ever was, i
parly in this country in favor of a permanent debt
upon principle, or a conflict of parties on this sub-
ject, as has been assorted m a high quarte*- Think
of the resources of this gr< at coi ntry, with its im-
mense commerce, its vast agr cultural products,
its swelling population, and uch a population, so
intelligent, so enterprising Let us no  then
make stinted appropriations lor our Navy Let u-
grant all that Ihe Department rciliy ni-eds We
oueitto the navy,we owe it to lurcmntry
Mr S express 1 the hope that no party feelings
or considerations would b permitted to mmg e in
the debate, or to effect the decision of a great
national quest.on Let one institjtion be pre
served from the contamination of par'y tnfe—let
that be our gallant Nivy
Mr JONES of Virginia, chairman of tne Com-
mittee of Way? and Means, replied, and expressed
hi* entire concurrerce m the sentiment hat the
Navy was a most important arm of the na íonal
defence, but said tha* it was necessary, mlegislat
mg in regard to it, to look further than this
What had the Department, whose duty it was to
superintend ihe whole subject of the expenditures
of Government, submitted as an e tímate of the
amount necessary to be appropriated to this branch
Feb. 1841.
H. of Reps.
of the service for ths present year? $ 1,425 000
The Committee of Ways and Means had not re-
duced this amount by a single dollar, but had in-
serted it just as it stood in the appropriation bill.
It was true this amount did not comport with the
opinions of the Board of Navy Commissioners;
but that alone was not to govern the House. If
the wishes ef thrse concerned in the expenditures
of each Department should be complied with, the
expenses of the Government would be enormOHS
indeed, exceeding by millions any heretofore known.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Salton-
stall,] who proposed to augment the appropria-
tions under this single item by th1" amount of
$57o 000, was himself the man who had the most
loudly and thoroughly condemned the expenditures
of the existing Administration as extravagant, and
had promulgated that sentiment throughout every
quarter of the country So had his political
friends But the moment the estimates were
brought down to a more reduced scale, they were
the first to cry out and denounce the Administra-
tion for its parsimony What would suit the
honorable member? The estimates were carefully
made up from a view of the whole subject The
President and the Secretary of the Navy had had
the full benefit of the report of the Board of Navy
Commissioners, on which the gentleman mainly
founded his amendment, they had been in posses-
sion of the fullest information, and had acted on a
deliberate consideration of the whole. The gen-
tleman wa.3 mistaken if he supposed the Secretary
of the Treasury alone was concerned in submitting
the estimates (f public expenditures to Congress
The estimates from the other Departments were
not submitted to his correction, but were laid before
a joint tpceting of the uhole Cabinet, they had
agreed on the sum inserted in the bill, and what
was < ppos d to ii? Tre naked opinion of the
B^ardofNavy Comm ssioners
Th*" estimates wlueh had heretofore been sub-
mit ed, under vinous heads, m separate sums,
were now directed to be summed up under one
head of the piesent item The Commissioners now
told Congress that 144 per cent of the whole
value'of the Navy was required for its repairs, but
they h'd changed their opinion on this subject,
having foro eily considered 10 per cent sufficient
In the British s rvice, the rat  allowed was 124
per cent but heretofore, in our service, 10 p«r cent
had been allowed, and it had proved to be suffi-
cient A large amount of the sum appiopnated
last year remained stul unexpended, and the bill
now aáded to that amount $1 425 000 more
[Mr Barnard here nquired of the chairman on
what dati it had been that the Secretary of the
Navy direcied the Board oí Navy Commissioners
to graduate these estimates in such a manner, co
that they should not exceed, in all, the amount
of $5,025 000?]
Mr Jones replied that he had not inquired
into the reasons of the Secretare Congress were
in po sesS10n of the most ample meansof ascertain-
ing the resources of the Government Mr J sup-
posed that five millions were deemed as much as
ci uld be afforded to be applied to this particular
branch of expenditure But they were told by
gentleman that the> must not look to the means
of the Government, but simply have regard to
what amount of money it was desirable to expend,
and go on forthwith to appropriate it If the
money was not m the Treasury, or to come into it,
the Government could borrow, and why not? But
could such a course le deemed wise m ^ man's pri-
vate concerns? Prudent individuals, before running
int > debt, looked first to their means of payment,
nnd the same rule would apply to the affairs of
Government Many gentleman wpre ready to
make appropriations to any and every amount that
could be asked, esteeming a national debt a
national bles mg, but Mr J did not be'ong to
that school, he considered a national debt a
national curse, and never to be incurred save un-
der tue most urgent and unavo dable necessity.
If we were at once to go on, and build upa navy
that shou d compete with all the navies of
European powers, it was nrt twenty, nor forty,
nor one hundred millions that would pay the price
of it.   The gentleman had complained that a large
