Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong-."2nd Sess.
Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Nicholson.
11!
Senate
Bank is needed as a head to the banking system to
control, restrain, and regálate the operations of the
State institutions. We deny that such an
institution would have the disposition, even if
it possessed the power, to restrain and regulate the
State banks. We maintain that, from its very na-
ture and organization, it wouidhave the same in-
terests, and would be actuated by the same motive-.;
and would, consequently, t< How the same line of
policy which has characterized the operations of
the State banks Instead of acting as a regulator,
we maintain that it would set an example, and lead
the way, m expanding and contracting whenever
its interest, or the interest of its political friends,
dictated eitaer course, and that the State banks
would follow the example either from the same mo
Uves of interest, or because ot their inability to re-
sist the influence of the example We maintain
that the history of the laie United S'ates Bank, both
as a National and S'ate institution, fully sustains
our positions.
The American people are j°aloas of a great cen-
tral moneyed power, the leading recommendation
of which is its capacity to control the State insti-
tutions. They see in it the power of reguH mg,
without restraint or responsibility, the value of
their property and their Ubor, whilst its political
energies would be «resistióle Hence it is, that the
friends of a National Bank succeed best in times of
panic and embarrassment >n urg n<> their pioposi-
tion Seeing no other imme 1'ate prospect of relief,
the peop's relax then an'ipithies to a National
Batik, and lend a favorab'e eir to the appeals of
bank men. But whilst we thus confidently con'ro-
vert the efficacy of the measure proposed by our
opponents, still we agree with th m in the senti-
ment, that some r medy is necessary foi our disor-
dered and defective system ofcurrenry. One of
the ch ef recommendations ot the Independent
Treasury system to the people, wa*. the promise
which it held out of restraining, to some ex'ent, the
excessive issues of State banks Whilst that gre.it
measure rests for its clains to support upon other
principles, I doubt whether u did not receive the
public approbation mainly because it promised to
operate as a partial regulator of the State banks.
When the constitutional Treasury system was pre-
sented to the people as an antagonist measure to a
National Bank, the condition of the times gave to
our opponents a decided advantage m that issue
The people saw the bank paper rapidly withdraw-
ing from circulation, the puces of property and of
labor rapidly sinking, with rum and bankruptcy
following in the tram of the contraction of tha cur-
rency. They desired relief—more circulation. We
presented the Independent Treasury sjstim as
a means of safety to the Government, but we
did not propose relief by increasing the cur-
rency. Our opponenis presented a National
Bank, and with that they promised to afford
reliel, by gratifying the wishes of the people
for an increase of circulating medium Amidst
the panic and pressure, the great purposes of
the Independent Treasury were either overlooked
or grossly misrepre«en ed, wmlst the National
Ban* interest was strengthened, because that
meaiure was more in harmony with the feelings of
the times. These two measures are by no means
necessarily, or even properly, antagonists of each
other. It a National Bank is ever established, I
hope it will not be intrusted with the custody and
the use of the public money,'but that such an in-
stitution may be disconnected from the Govern-
ment, and operate within Us proper commercial
sphere.
I have referred to the late issue between fh« In-
dependent Treasury system and a National Balk,
by way more fuly_ot establishing ihe proposition,
that the whole people, of every political division,
are united in the sentiment that some effectual prp-
yentive against the disorders of the cunency ought
to be applied. Our opponents have proposed their
remedy—it is a great central bank. We have pro-
posed no remedy—literally none—which holds out
the promise of a corrective.
Can it be wise to wait longer on th  Slates'
Saiely we must now be satisfied that the States
either cannot or will noi apply the corrective to
their banks.   Upon the doctrine that their charters
of incorporation are contracts between the States
and the corporators, it is certain that the States, in
very many instances, have surrendered the power
of reforming their banking institutions. If they
still possess the power, they can never act m con-
cert in adopting the necessary measures. In the
present condition of thing*, we must either sub-
mit to the creation of a National Bank, with
all its dangers, or we mu¡>t await the inevi-
table destruction which must, sooner or later, be-
fal the present banking system, and then take our
position on an exclusive metallic circulation, or,
which would be worse, wa must give ourselves ud
to a permanent inconv;rtible bank paper system.
For m> own part, I have no intention to abide by
either of these alternatives- I believe the power
exists m Congress 'o apply a remedy to the State
banks, and I hold it to be our duty to exercise that
power.
I know that there are some who cherish a jea-
lousy towards the exerciss of Federal powers,
which amounts, in some cases, almost to fastidi-
ousness I do not yield, even to them, in my devo-
ticn to the reserved rights of the State , but, at
the same lime, I feel myself under obligations,
equally ashiih, to maintain the powers delegated
to this Government But is the application of a
bankrupt law by Cmgre^s n tra'ing corporations
any ercroachment upon the rights (f 'he Stite 1
If these corporations were parts of the machine-
ry of ihe State Government, and were consti-
tuents of the body politic, there would be plausi
bihty m the objection But they are private
companies, organized for individual purposes of
trade, endued by legislation with certain peculiar
franchise*, to enable them to pa secute their trades
with more convenience and benefit to themselves
They have been termed by tome gentlemen "ema-
nations cf State sovereignty," and by others, "crea-
tures of sovereigntj," as if th*re was some
great magic m thece vague expressions Why
are corporations supprs'd tobe endowed wilh at-
tributes of sovereignty How do they differ
from other "creamres" or 'emanations" of legis-
lature power] In no respect, except that, accord-
ing to the prevalent doeirme of the day, they are
above the reach and beyrnd the control of the
powers that gave th^m b'ing. Upon this doc-
trine, tley are not merely "emanations" of sove-
reignty, but they are genuine sovereignties—so far,
at least, as the S ates are concirned. Do they
derive this high endowment from the States'
Most unquestionably not. They are made to
esstime the character of eontiacts; and hence,
under the Federal Constitu ion, tbey are shielded
ard piotected from S ate interference. That prin-
ciple, then, which is tuppised to attach io corpora-
tions the attribute of sovereignty, i<* not derived
from the States, but from that Constitution whose
powers we are called upon to pxercise Take from
thera the protection of the Federal Constitution,
and ycu sink them to the level oí all o her State
laws, subject to Stdte ltgislation and control, and
stripped ot all pretensions to sovereignty. But if the
doctrine be correct, that neither the State nor Fe-
deral Go/ernmettt can interfere vith corporations,
then this whole land is checkeied over with thou-
sands of sovereignties, in which are concentrated
a vast amount of the wealth of the country, above
law, and capable of giving law to the Union. How
ba eless, then, is the objection, that a bankrupt law
applicable to trading corporations is an encroach-
ment upon State rights. So far from being true,
the measure is designed to curtail the high prero-
gatives <f thee lit le sover-isnties, and to bring
them down to subordination to law. It is the exer-
cise of a power wrich comes in aid of the r g*>ts of
the States, which are leodered nefficient and impo-
tent from having surrendered Ine right of impairing
ronirac s How\ery little of Staie sovereignly is
left unemanated, if the tens of ihousandsof corpora-
lions for varion. trading purposes are subject nei
ther to State or Federal control
But th* great objection to this measure, v hich
has been pre sed with uncommon z¡=al and abil ty,
i , that it is not warranted by the Constitu-
tion I acknowledge th? doclnnp, that wh^nerer
Congress proposes to exeicise a power, those who
support it ought to be prepared to show   their
delegated authority In compliance wittaihis car.
dinal doctrine, I point to the power in the Consti-
tution which authorizes Congress to "pass anfi
form laws on the subject of bankrup ctes.  I
shall not stop to inquire whether the framers -of
the Constitution used the terra "bankrurMcy" m
its limited and t chnical sense, as applicable ^uty
to "traders," or whether they used it m i s broad
and ordinary acceptation, as synonymous wfth
"insolvency " This inquiry is unnecessary for
my present purpose In ihe limited an£ technical
sense of ihe term, by the English law, «nd in our
own country at tiii time of ihe formatioi of our
Constitution, all individual bankers and trafters
were embraced as proper objects of the bankrupt
laws. This is conceded on all hands, and it is
further conceded, that Congress now has the power
tomcludeina bankrupt law individuals who are
or may be engaged in banking or trading m their
individual capacities. But the argument is, that
so soon as ihese individuals are vested wnh corpo-
rate- powers and privileges, tney are withdrawn
from the operation of a bankrupt law, and may
claim exemption under their charters of incorpora-
tion.
It becomes important to inquire for that peculiar
principle in a charter of incorporation, wmch
throws this imr-enetrable shield around the cor-
porators,. They have a common name, by waiel|
they transact business, and by which they sue dad
are sued This privilege is given, merely to
enable them to car y on business wnh more con-
venience The magic principle cannot bef" located
in the name They have perpetual succession.
This privilege is designed lo avoid the consequen-
ces of the death of any of the members of the
company, and sure]y communicates no pecu-
liar right of exemption from ihe operation
of a bankrupt hw. Tney have a common
seal—H will not be contended that there is
any virtue in this privilege The individual
property of the cirpora'ors, m many charters,
and protected from State interference That
principle, then, which is supposed to attach to cor-
porations the attribute of sovereignty, is not de-
rived from the Stales, but from that Constitution u
whose powers we are called upon to exercise.
Take fiom ihem ihe protection of the Federal Con-
stitution, and you sink ihemlo the level of all other
State laws, subject to State le^isla'ion and control,
and stripped of all pretensions to sovereignty.
But if the doctrine be corree , that neither the State
nor Federal Governm-nt can interfere with cor-
por tions, then this who'e land is checkered over
with thousands of sovereignties, in which are con-
centrated a vast amount of the wealth of the
country, above law, and capable of giving law to
the Union How baseless, then, is ihe objection,
that a bankrupt law applicable to trading corpora-
tions, is an encroachment upon S ate rights. So
far from being true, the measure is designed to
curtail the high prerogatives of ihese little sove-
reignties, and to bnrg them down to subordination
to law. It is the exercise of a power which comes
m aid of the nshts of the States, which are rendered
inefficient and impotent from having surrendered
the right of imp/tirmg contracts How very little
(f State sovere inty is left unemanated, if the tens
of thousands of corporations for various trading
purposes are subject ne.ther to State or Federal
contol.
But the great objection to this measure, which
has been pressed with uncommon zeal and ability,
is, that it is not warranted by tne Constitution.
I acknowledge the doctrire, thst whenever Con-
gress proposss to exercise a pewer, those who
support it ought to be prepared to show their
deleeated autr.onty. In compliance- with tbis
cardinal doctrire, I point to the power in the Con-
stitution which authorizes Congress to "pass um-
foim laws on the subject ot bankrupties " I shall
not s'op ti inquire whether the framers of the Con-
stitution u<ed the term "bankrup'cj" in Us limited
and technical sense, as applicable only to "traders-"
or wh-ther they used it in its bro„d and ordinary
r< eeptation, as synonymous wuh "insolvency."
Tnis inquiry is unnecessary for my present purpose,
la the limited and techa cal sense of the term, v by
the English law, and m our own country at \he
