190        ____________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________Feb. 1841.
26th CbNG.'-'-^ND Sess.                                   Bankrupt Bill—Mr. Nicholson.                         ________________         Senate.
time of the formation of our Constitution, all mdt- !
vidual bankers and iraders were emb aced as pro- l
per objects of the bankrupt laws.   This is conceded |
on all bands; and it is further conceded, that Con-
gress now has ¡he pewer to include m a bankrupt I
law individuals who are or may be engaged m
banking or  trading in their individual capacities. '
Bui the argument is, that so soon as the e indivi-
duals are vested with corporate powers and privi-
leges, they are withdrawn from the operation of a
bankrupt Taw, and  may claim exemption unaer
their charters of nscorporation.
It becomes important to inquire for that peculiar
principle in a charter of incorporation, which
throws this impenetrable shield around the cjr-
porators. They have a common name, by which
they transact business, and by which they sue and
are sued. This privilege is given, merely to
enable them to carry on business with more cor-
ventence. The magic principle cannot be located
in the name. They have perpetual succession.
This privilege is designed to avoid the c nsequen
ces of the death ot any of the members of
the company, and surely commun caUs no
pecuhai light of exemption from ihe op"ra
tion of a bankrupt law. Tney have a com
mon ieal—it will not be conicnded that there
is any virtue m this piivilege. The individual
property of the corpoiators, in m .ny charters,
is exempt from liabili y lot the pa> ment of tht
debts of ihe corporation Tin  ex «ordinary
privilege cannot be supposed lo «any with it the
still higher exemption Irom the opeunou of liw¡>
which are binding on all other pardons These
are the leading franchisee which attach o trading
corporations. Examining them singly, oí m com-
bination, I am utterly at a loss to comprehend the
peculiar process by which they convert the in-
dividuals composing ihe corporation mto a being
beyond the reach of a law, which is admitted lo
apply to them as individuals
But it must be admitiid, that iVie is oneptinet-
ple connected with trading corporation , as the
law is generally understood, wbicu is peculiar, and
endows them with singular nguis. I allude to t'.e
' principle, lhat by our law, trading corporations are
endowed with the (tunny oí contiacn and bung
contracts enured m'o with sovereign States, they
are placed beyond the control oí those States
Hence, the inference may be, that they are also
beyond the interfeience ot the Üm ed Sutes I
will test the efficacy of this high principle
of corporations, by a lew iamiliar illustrations
Brokers are acias* of traders, who cumestiicily
within ihe design ol a bankrupt law la ¡> me
States, the trade of a broker is a Iranchne. It can
only be prosecute 1 by those who pay J "¡picific -uni
to the State ior the privilege. When ihe specific
sum is paid, the State issues a license an hot zing
the broker to follow his trada fur a specified tuno
Here is a contract between tht soveieisn Stale and
andan individual, by which, for a valuable con-
stdearation, she parts with a momII "emanation" < f
her sovereignty, and confers it upon a Droker Will
any one contend that ibis broker could claim an ex-
emption fiom a bankrupt law, upon the ground that
hecaraedon his trade by vntue ot a contiact
with the Slate? lie could claim uch exemption,
with the same reason, and upon the very sdm!.
grounds,  on which it is claimed (or corporation .
I next take the case of the merchant ihey have
ever been thu peculiar subj>-cls ou which bankiupt
]awsh*ve operated. In many State*, they buy
and sell goods, wates, and merchandise, under
contracts with those Slates They, too, aie en
dowed with a mall "emanation of Siaie so^e
reignty," in the shape tf a l'cense to merchandise
I ask if they cannot claim an exemption from a
bankrupt law, by v.rtu^. oí then contract with ihe
State, with the s>ame force uith which trad'ig cor
porations can set up the c aur "2
But, 1 will take another ultHiation, which I
think is still moie forcible. Umnco porated bank-
ers have always been subjec' to bankrupt la.vs.
There is now, and has been fir ra¿>i y years, m
the State of Tennessee, a p i/ate bank without
any corporation, whose no es have cticulattd as
freely, and whose standing is as good as oui w-
cirpoiated banks    I refer to the Bank of Ye it- I
man, Woi ds, and Co. in the city of Nashville.
The bill now on youi table, if passed into a law,
will operate upon this bank. It has no common
name, no common seal, no perpetual succession,
and the owners of the stock are liable, to the full
extent of iheir property, for all its debts. Yet, this
bank exists and trades under a contract with
theSttte of Tennessee, by which the owners et
the bank agreed to pay to the Stats, annually,
five hundred dollars for the p-ivtlege of bank
wg This privilege is secured by an act of the
General Assemb y of the State, which is just
as irrevocable, on the doctane that it is a contract,
as the charter oí an incorporated bank What
one reason can the stockholders of the Union
Bank of Tern's ee, which is incorporated, «et up,
by nay of exemptug themselves from a bankrupt
law, which cannot be uiged widi the same force
by the Bank of Yeaiman, Wood-, and Co ? Bo'h
banks exist by virtue of acts of trie State Legis a ure
—b-Mh have a subsisting contract wiih the Sia'e—
3et, that one which has the fewest privileges froii
che State, is admitted to be subject to a bankiupt
law, whist that which enjoys extraordinary pnv-
hpes irom the Siate, is said to be thereby exempted
from a bankrupt law. To make the ca e s ill
stronger will any one contend, that it the I>g¡s)a
tine oí Teritssee were to «■utlion/  Ihe Bank of
Yeattvipn, Wood-(, and Co lo 1 ave a common name,
and a common seal, and exempt ihe individual
property of th" owneis fiom 'he debts ol ihe c >m-
pany, that they could anymore claim exemptien
Irom a bankrupt law than 'hey ¡,ari non?
It it Le true that ihe incorporaron of a company
of indifidu iH, lor Iradin' purposes, lenders the
bankrupt power in Congress mapp icable to ihjm
then are brokers, merchants, bankers, and all other
traders, who trad<? undtr license, ,-dso exempt, and
the gianled power becomes a deid tetter- Undei
siuh a doctrine, ihe Siate Legislatures have the
p >wei of exempting every cla's and species of
nade and eecupa'ion from the operation ot a
bankrupt law. They have but to exterd over
them acts ol incorporation, and they completely
annihilate' the bankrui t pi wer ot Congress
The question which I am now considering, has
been discuss, d with gr at abi'ity by the Senator
from South Caiohna, [Mr Cii'iotm] That I may
not do his argument injustice, by attempting to
state it, Í will read i [ aragraph from a speech
made by him m 1840, in the Senate. He then
said-
"But we have not yet reached Ihe real difficulty.
If Ihe power was ever so appropriate, and the
only one that was—if precedents were innumerable
—H would only piové that tin Government would
have ihe right ot applying ihe powei to incorpora
lions ot us own creating It could not go an inch
bejond, and would leave the gre it difficulty u'-
touched, the n^ht of Congre.s to include State
corporations in an act of bankruptcy passed by
us authority ' Where is such i poever to be found
in Ihe Constitution? It seems to be forgot that
this and the State Governments are co-oidmate
Governments, emanatirg from the vame authority,
and making together one Cximplex, but harmonious
and beautiful system, in which each, withm iti
allotted sphere, is independent and c -equal wuh
the other II one has a right to create, the other
cannot have Cie right to deurov  
Tne paragraph wh th I hav^ust read, con-
tains the whole argumet condensed and com-
pressed, with'n a half a drz n lines In the
general principle laid down by the honorable
Senator I fully fO"t,ui. It .5 clearly true, 'hi'
the General and Stale Government arec-m-dmaf,
and, within the r ai'otted «phi res, melepon lent and
co-"qual in fiammg tha Constitution, the founder*
of our Government weie two evise not to foresee,
lhat m exercising the poues ef ¡h  respect ve
G lernmcnts th  e must ntcssa uy be cous'ant
da g"r cf se"ious co isk >is unless the hamony of
the two sys >rrs should be "'eeured bi piovid n ,
in advance, arawst .uch cot tit «jenr-ies. This
harmony was attamab e only by g.ving supremacy
to lie laws of one or the other syslem, in ail ea^es
of conflict T.ii* supremacy was given to tee laws
of the Geneial G ivemment «m th't clause of tne
Consatution which provides that the Cjnstituuon
and the laws of the United States, which shall be
made m pursuance theieof, shall be the supreme
law of the land. It was impossible that any reach
of human Wisdom could have made an enumeration
of delegated powers so definite and minute as
wholly to avoid the danger of occasional conflicts.
Conscious of its impracticabili'y, the framers of
the Constitution wisely piovided against such
emergencies, by giving supremacy to the constitu-
tional laws ot the Union. But to give to tne laws
ot the General Government this supremacy over
a conflicting State law, that Government i,ust be
clearly in its allotted sphere, exercisipg either
specifically del gated poweis, or powers necessary
. nJ propei lor ihe execution ot some one of those
specifically granted.
I am llus peculiar in defining ihe sense in
which the great pnnc pie assumed by ihe Senator
fiom Soufi Carolina is admitted to be correct, be-
taus- I appreh nd that the great error m that
Sena'or's argument uill be found m hi* having ap-
plied the princip e in a wrc-g sei.se. He seems to
regard ihe ird pendence and equality of the two
Govern.'ei's p^ arising from t! e fací, that there
are certa n specific powers dele'ated to the General
Goven merit, wh 1st he   ould co itend that all othet
p 1 > ers are is erved to ihe Stales I maintain, that
rot orly the specific poevers which are enumerated
in the C ms'itution . re delegat d, but that
all other powers neeeisary and prol er for Ihe ex-
et itiem of those specifically enumerated, are
?lso deletrited poever , and that laws passed
m pu suai ce thereof, are as supreme as
ihosj passed in pursuance of the specifically
enurieratei poweis Whiut h" will admit that
State ! w , comías; >n ullision wuhUm ed States
Lu/s pi s_d m pur'U-.i<ce of di'evated powers,
must srive way 11 their supremacy, he maintains
that Unit d ShUs law^, p-.s ert 111 putsuance of the
puwer to pas  D'cessaiy and pioper lat-s for the
execution ot the «numerated po% eis, must give
«ay to Sta'e laws «hen they confltit In this,
consists the diffeience 111 our opinions as to the
manner in which the two Governments are co ordi-
nal- and co-equal He regards one portion of the
United States laws (those passed in pursuance of
specifical y delegate! powers) as sapreme, another
portion, (diose passed to execute specific powers,
altnou¡ h constitutional, as he admit ,) he regards
as subordinate to Slate laws, when uVy conflict. I
regard all the laws of the United S ate<-, passed m
pursuance of powers granted in the Constitution,
whether specifieahy enumerated or not, is supreme
over ah Stale la* s c m ng m coufi ct v nh them. I
know of no au hon'y ior assigning r'ifferent de-
grees of di"iufy to oiifeieni class-i of Un>ted States
laws pass a in rursjint-e of Ih^ C nstuution.
I come now to the inference which the Senator
from South Carolina fVIr. Caihoun] draws from
Ibis great rrmciple. Because the two Govern-
ment', within then allotted spheres, ar« co-ordinate
and co-equa1, he iQrers that, "what one has a right
to crea'e, the eiher cannoi have a right to destroy."
The Slates have the r.ght to create banks; hence,
his aigument is, that the United States cannot have
a r' ht to destroy those banks In this position,
the honorabh- Sena or takes it for granted lhat a
bankrupt law is a measure of des ruction to the
State banks I will hereafter show thai, in this,
ht wholly mio pkes its operation. Ftr the pre-
fent, I will test his argument, even upon the sup-
po--n on that it is a rrea ure of destruction.
I admit that ihe S ates have the right to create
bank^, but, a  the same time, it must be re-
membered, that Conyess las tne right to "pa's
uriiorm law  on lie subject of Lankrup ces."
This is one tf ihe speci'.cally elelegdted pow-
etc, and, even upon the ai^ument of the Sena-
toi, must be supierre I a S ate cuates a bank,
whiep, by b 00m n^ 1 i,olven% subjects it elf to the
1 gitimate rpe'a-on of a bankrupt'aw, can any
propos tion he cl-arer han t^at the rankrupt law,
winch .s sjpieme, mu t lake its coarse even though
it is iSest.uct ve 1 ' tie bMi,' This consequence re-
sults nece^ariiv fro?i tne supremacy ot the bank-
rupt law.
But i am t\r from adn t'mg that ihe cp^ration
of a bankruot law involves the destruction of the
banks, and other trading corporation, to  which it
