NDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJ3E.
ÍDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJ3E.                               Jan. 1841.
192
 38th Cong___2nd Sess.
"ihree-qaarter cents, and substitute for the present
"iates the Federal currency, although trifling in
^amount* would be productive of great convenience,
and, without sensibly ditmnish'ni; the revenue,
would probably save in the Auditor's Office 10 000
•dollars annually in clerk hire. Changes in the
rates of postage on newspapers and penod'cals,
iiaroig reference to weight as well as distance;
changes in relation to the franking privilege, which
was becoming so broad in practice as now greatly
to embarrass the Department, not only by an al-
most incalculable diminution in' the receipts,
bat by becoming itself a heavy and increasing
'charge, were manifestly demanded by views
of sound pubhc policy, by considerations of
private justice, and what was moie, by the
Ütstmet and uaequivocal tone of pub'ic opinion
throughout the cuumry. Whether the franking
privilege had or had not been abased, was a qucs-
lion upon which he expressed, aud desired to ex-
press no opiuion Some fads disclosed in the Post-
master General'* report, struck him with no little
surprise. There were *io data for determining th-
number of free packets conveyed in the mal, b--
-oause a large p rtiort of 'hem were not eniered on
the post bills but an account kepi at the po t offi e
m this city for three weeks during ihe 1'st  e*Mon
of Congress, shows that there were s.nt out during
that short period, 435,669 free letters and packages
weighing more than sixieen and a half tons Takirg
thn*as the average of a session of ihirly-three
weeks, the two cents allowed to po«tmaMers for the
delivery of free letrera sent Irom this oftce alone,
would amount to $95 627. H)w could a D^par -
meat, depending wholly on us own receipt., and
asking nothing irom the Federal Treasury, 1 e ex-
pected to sustain itselt with the imposition oí such
burdens, especially with such draughts upon i s or-
dinary accruing tevenut? He ought not, puhaps,
to expect that a resolution like that which he had
moved—which, while it affected individuals of
all classes and conditions in hie, could have no
political bearing—would rccene much c n. riera
tioa here. If he bai enbraccd the whole sub-
ject of the ra'es of postagr—-practical as it «ou'd
be in its charac er, and m letting to every
body—he would regard any final action at this ses-
sion as utterly hopeles-. Hehat, th^refort, resuict-
ed the inquiry to a ungle point, embracing an cb
jeet som nifestly for the alvantaje o' the citizen
and-the Department that he would ven ure to hope
that it might be taken up at .ome lveky moment
and find lavor. Since it w&s not only admissible
to depart from the Subject immediately under c >n-
sideration, but so pamculariy in oHer that a Sena-
tor thought it incumbent on him t) give notice yes-
terday that he would take care not to be ovt of or-
der by speaking to the question, he (Mr Piercf)
would avail himselt oí the privilege of dig'es ion,
and state some of the reasons why he had not more
confidence in securing final action upon this and
other matters both of individual and general inte-
rest In doing so, he woatd save a va-it amount
of labor, 10 which? he would otherwise be subjected,
in replying to numerous letters from his plain,
practical, common sense constituents, who found it
difficult to understand why it was that measures,
the justice and expediency of which were unques-
tioned, could not receive the prompt consideration
and definite acuon of Congress. He would give
them the result of his ne<jrer*observatjon oí the
course of business here, and the eh.et obstacles
which he in the way of despatch. And they would
judge, it, indeed, that judgment was not already
made up, whether there was not too much evi-
dence that elevated patriotism and an anxious de-
sire to accomplish that legislation which was une-
quivocally demanded by the honor and the interests
of the whole country, were absorbed in. devotion to
party purposes, and rrnmptirgs oí personal smbi
lion. Without alluding to the character oí de
bates, or to scenes that might have occurred else-
where, calculated to wound the moral sense and
fee pride of our citizens a' home, and to bring oar
admirable institutions iu'o discrete' aorosd, he
might, be trusted, without t ffence to rj'her ^'de of
this Chamber, be psrmute I to say that par y prm
ciples—the application of those prmcip'ts D legis-
lative measures—party action, ana party tnunaph 1
Newspaper Postage—Mr. Pierce.
had, within the last few years, constituted the great
stimulants to effort, and ca'led out the speaking
talent m both ends of the Capitol. It was quite
immateral what leading question happened to be
brought forward at an early dayr it was the one
upon which the bank royal in either House was
sure to be fousht. The provisions of the bill might
might be simple, and i  principles embraced within
a narrow compass; not so the debate—like the
circle created by casting a pebble into the smooth
waters of a placid lake, it expanded and expanded
until it embraced within us broad circumference all
sorts of topics, and every great political question
that hnd ever been agitated from the days ot Gene-
ral Washington to the present hour. Ii did not
become him to complain of this. To himself per-
sonally it had been odifying ami instructive, and «so
it must have been to any person, provided he had
not read the debates lha occurred many jears
since upon tbc same subjects He tound no fault
wiih it, but on this ground. A debate of a pa ty
character, springing up at the beeinnmg of a ses-
sion, was almost certain to exclude all sober and
judicious l-gislation upon most of ihe great sub
jects myolv ng the interests of theouniry It was
nntonou  that even tf>e general appropnat on bills
were crowded into the last hurried hours of the
session And what was, if possible, stdl worse, it
excluded the demands of honest claimants, who
had been waning and knocking tor years at the doors
of Congre-*. Hardly a day passed that he was not
asked by so n« ot these mentorum^ persons why
this or that claim—-a claim indisputably right, the
jjs'ice oí which no oie could den'—'iad noi been
disposed of And what was his answei' It w?s
th it, which he now gave once for a I, actum upon
matters ot pnbu- concrnment an I private inkiest
was deterred to debate upon po'itical questions and
to party wranrlmg- The sh ¡rt session had u ually
been a ses ion of business; and he t xik leave to say
that, although they might disregird measures of
public u'ility I ke that contemplaied in h>s lcsoiu-
tion, a'ul t.rt popular feeling a< delnnce, u was
cruel to therst aside the ju t demands of iidmduil
bldimint-. Some most extraordinary facts might
be adduced on this swbj ct. He could point to
cliims still upon the calendar, which hal been pre-
sented to boib Houses, favorably reported on in
each, that had come down urdiquidaiei through a
pen d when there was an almos' interminable, de-
bate upon the question what should be done with
|40,000,000 suiplus revenup,at that time nidivi
duals honest and injured, had complained to him
that while they were waiting for taidy justice, they
were sulF ring not only pecuniary loss, but the
deepest mornfication from being u able lo fu hi
their engagements, b cause ihey were denied here
ihat which was honestly their due. It was just so
now . Yet here we were with a baltle royal going
on m both Houser—at one end of the Capitol on
Treasury notes and at the other on the pub-
lic lands V'hen either w. uld probably ter-
minate, he be íeved no gentleman ventured
to hazard a conjecture. Daring all this he
had been forcibly struck by an impression made on
his mind years ago, when he had heard little of pj-
lines and res d less, that (he Inbits of debate were
from year to year g owing worse and worse. It
had com  to that at last, that the powers and use-
fulness of gentlemen seemed tobe estimated, not
by what they said, but by the time they occupied.
Tne usual annunciation in the morning papers was,
(after taking good care not to allow the ungular
ability and surpassing e'oquence of the speaker, who
is sure to de nolish all ihe p>e^iou> arguments of
his antagonist, to go unnoticed,) that Mr. —
spi ke one, two, or three hours one, two, or three
days and, upon this announoencnt, his mark upoi
tee scale of merit was es abli hed He be íeved
that a happy change was taking places in popular
opinion upon this subject, anl that ihat sei'e (f
merit was likely to give pl^c  to another and a cet-
tei standard h might not jeihaps retard this
change in in progress, or be lo4 upon the ye unger
aspirants for ni'-nnetiop, o remember that all toe
repor ed speeches oí the most aecomplishe i and
dexterous debater of mo lern times, Chines Jame-.
Fox, from 1768 to 1775, in the British House of
Commons, were embraced in Iwtnty-nine pages; less
_____________________Senate.
thau the volume of one single Congressional speech
of modern times.
He reeol'ected with perfect distinctness some re-
matks made by that noble philanthropist, profound
jurist, and sagacious statesman, Mr. Livingston,
be believed düriag the year 1830. He would ihank
the Secretary tasend him the volume of debates
up< n Foote's celebrated resolution.
Tne remarks of the distinguished Senator, pro-
noucced in this Chambei ten years ago, were so
apposite, so perfectly in point at the present time,
that he would read a few paragraphs. After a
brief exordium Mr. Livingston proceeds:
' The multiplicity anil nature of the subjects that have been
consideied m debating a resolution, with which none of them
seem to have the slightest connection, and the addition of new
subjects, with which every speaker has thought it proper to in-
crease the former stock, has given me, I con less, some uneasl
neos I feared an irruption of the Cherokees, and was not
withoutapprehensionsthat weshould hecalled onto terminate
the question of Sunday mails, or, if the Anti masóme conven
non should take offence atthe secrecy of our Executive session,
or m=isi on the expulsion of the initiated fiom our councils,
that vie should be obliged to contend with them for our seats,
indeed, I had myself serious thonghls of introducing the re
formation of oui national code, and a plan foi the gradual m-
ciease of the navy, and am not yet quite decided whether, be-
fore I bit down, I shall not urge the abolition of capital pumsh-
m nts in trnlh, the wholi. brought forcibly to my recollec-
tion an anecdote to d m one oí the numerous memoirs written
dunng the reign of Louuis XIV too trivial, perhaps, te be in-
troduced into this grave debate, but which, perhaps, may be
excused A young tady ha 1 been educated m alt the learning
of the times, and her progieas had been so much to thesatis
faction of the Punces^ who hatt directed het studies^ that,
on her first introduction, her patroness used to address her
thus 'Come, Miss, discourse with these ladies and gentlemen
on the subject of theology So—that will do Now tattcof
geogiaphy, after that, yi u wilt converse on the subjects
of autonomy and metaphysics, and then give them your
i leas on logic and the bettes letttes' And thus the poor
gul, to her gieat annoyance and the gieater ofhei auditors,
wis put ihiougli the whok circle of the sciences ir.
whn h she tiad been instructed Sir, might not a hearer of our
debugs i i ^omc days past have concluded that we, too, had
I t.n d reefed m i similar wiy, and that you had said to each
ol the speakers 'Sir, please to rise anr¡ speak on the disposi-
tion of the public Units al ei that, you may talk of ihetanfT,
let u* know ill you think nn the subject of internal improve-
ment and, belore you sii down discuss the poweis of the Se-
na'e in relation to appointments and Ihe right of a State to le-
cede fiom the Union, and litush by lelu ig us know whether
you appio\ e or oppose the metstues ol the piesentor the fix
puctdmg dduiinistlatlonE,' The approximation, sir, of so
many heterogeneous materials for di-cussion must provoke a
smilt. and moat of thooe who have addressed you, while they
lamented that subjects unconnected with the resolution had been
introduced into debate, rarely sat down without adding to the
number "
Mr. P. sai i he had no intention whatever to re-
flect on the course ot any gentleman. It was not
for him to díctale, but when he was importuned
from day to day respecting measures in which the
peop'e whom he had Ihe honor in pari to leprefent
were deep'y interested—when they were continu-
a'ly asking him why the Post Office reform  as not
effected—why ti eir prívale claims were not con-
sidered, *he chose tj stale the true and only reason
—o'e which no gentlero.au here could gainsay or
controvert
His people were net a complaining people; but
they knew what was just and reasonable, and they
dually insisted upon it He would ray a word
with regard to New Hampshire, not in a spirit of
boasting, but to silence the scoffs and taunts of
weak men and wicked men, of buffoons and petty
politicians, who^e jests and slanders had found
their \«ay into the partisan press under the caption
ot the "dark corners" That which had drawn
upon her reproach was precisely the distinguishing
characteristic of which every son worthy of the
so 1 ihat gave him birth should be most proud—the
sturdme-s and inflexibility with which she had ad-
hered to her political principles. In war, she had
sent forth from her thou*and b'ils vastly more than
her proportion of men, with strong hands and stout
hearts; to do ba tie for the common country; and,
a¿ iheir blood upon many a well fought field, both
in the Revolution anl the late war, would testify,
they had not disgraced the lahd of their nativity.
Iri peace, she called her sons to the ballot-box to
Mamp the seal of her reprobation upon miserable
mummery oi e eclioneermg shows, and to smile
back defiance upon any appeals made to them not
supported b> truth and reason.
"Tne d>ik comers1" She obnoxious to the
charge of daiKness andignorance' He would not
?*k gen I men to look at the number and condition
of her li!erary ín^utut'ons of the highest class—at
her six j-three academies, in which the languages
and the higher branches of education were taught,
