Jan.1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
26th Cong----2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Huntington.
Senate.
with nearly six thousand scholars—at her two
thousand common school, ail supported at the pub-
lic expense, with more than eighty one thousand
pupils—at the circumstance that the means < f edu-
cation was brought, as it were, to every man's door
—there being a place of pubhc education to every
one hundred and thirty inhabitants; but he would
state a single fact, ascertained by the late census—
it was this: thai, with a population of 284,481
souls, there were only 927 pprsons over twenty
years of age, foreigners included, within the Hmiis
of the State, who could not both read and write;
and on that fact alone he would hold her up in the
sunlight of her intelligence. He msu uted no com
pansons, but he mignt safely challenge them from
others So much, by ihe way of digression, which
he had not only descanted upon, but illustrated.
The Post Office Department itseL presented a
striking illustration ot what he had said m relation
to the course of busines? here. A few years ago,
the condition and management of that Department
were regarded as tie salient points of parly debate
in both Houses, and a steady fire was kept up for
weeks. The country was told that there was no
such thing as hope of «fleeting a salutary reform.
The Admmistiauon was ¡horoughly corrupt and
profligate, and must be put down. The operations
of that Department had been constantly en'argmg,
its revenue had risen Horn one million to four mil-
lions ot dolíais, an I jet, liom (hat day lo Ihe pre-
sent, we had heard scarcely a word of abuse, or
proposed reform there. Why? Because it was
not material to the party issue ma'e up before the
people. He desired not to be misunderstood He
claimed no exemption Irom paity feeling. He was
ardently attached to the party with which il was his
pride to be associated, not more from the force of
education than from thorough and c nfirmed con-
victions of right, but he was assured that his con-
stituents would be better satisfied with reform where
reform had been constantly sounded, and was, in
many re-pects, most needed—m Congre*, , by ac-
tion, by reasonable de-pa'ch m the tran-action of
the people's busing s.
Thus much he had thought due to th  subject,
due to the people whom he had t«ie honor, in pait,
to repiesfn , and to the unfoi túnate claimints who
had so long been vailing h-re for justce. He
would only add, that ihe worst kind of a tax; that
could, by possibility, be imposed, was an oneious
tax upon. know'ed-e—upon the means of know-
ledge—upon the means of exchanging th mglvs—
upon letters, newspapers, and p'nodical,
He had no doubt lhat a considerable reduction,
might be made in the. rates, of which the whole
bjsmess community would feel the great benefit
without anj sensible diminution of the receipts.
The single change which he propo<ed might seem
of trilling importance, but it was not so in fact. It
would a g.e U ri licí lo printers of small sheets m
the country, and to their patrons. Under the ex-
ntmglaw, they were competed to pay as much for
a newspaper that hid to travel but five mile-  to
reach their door, as if it cama one hundred, and for
a little coanlry sheet, a they would pay for Biother
Jonathan or the New World. What was the
effect? A law so palpab'y unjust was constantly
evaded, and the papers found some other convey-
ance than the public mail. L mit your postage to
papers coming from beyond the lines tf the county,
and have some reftience to weight as well as dis-
tance, and you not only consummat" justice, put a
stop to the violations of ihe law, and tecure more
postage, but you will relieve both the printer and
subscriber fir>m a dependence upon the accommo-
dating spirit, or, it may be, the caprice of mail
con'riclors.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE.
,/
PROSPECTIVE  PRE-EMPTION BILL.
Wednesday, January 20, 1841.
The bid  to establish a permanent prospective
pre-emffon system in favor ot sealers on the pub
lie lands being ngt n taken up as the special ord^r
of the day—
Mr. HUNTINGTON slid that, before the  Se-
nate adjourned last evening, he had suggested that
IS
he wished 11 offer o-rtain amendments to the bill;
and, as they weie now in order, he would proceed
to propose ihem. When, on a former day, he had
made some remarks upon the general provisions of
the bill, he had intimated it as hts conviction lhat
there «as annjerity of the Senate in favor of a
pre-emption system of soma kind, and the votes
given since the piesent bill had been under discus-
sion showed thai opmion to be correct; he had fur-
ther obseived lhat, m his judgment, the bill, as it
had been reported from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, was such a one as ought not to pass;
and that he would, when the proper opportunity
should present, make an effort to have it amended.
The Senate, as Mr. H. understood it, hid now set-
fed certain principles or the general subject; in the
first place that they would not adopt the plan of
cession, as propo ed by the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun;] and again, that they
would not adopt the amendment offered by the Se-
nator from Kentucky, [Mr. Chittenden ] attaching
the principle of distribution to that of pie-emption;
and in the third place, that ihey would not assent to
the substitute proposed by the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Prentiss,] making pri-emption retrospective
and not piospective The.e points he conside ed
as now «.tiled, and the amcndmentMr.il wsJied
to propose would not interfi re rt all with these de
cisions.
There were some provisions in the bill which he
thouiht should not remain there, aid some others
which might with advantage be modified, and some
new onas which should be added, tne better to se-
cure the nation and honest settlers from fraud and
imposition. The design of the amendments he
should offer would be to carry out the professed
object oí the bill, which was to give Ihe hone.'
bona fide -.ettler ihe prior right of purchase of a
quartei section of laud he had settled upon, and
they went to carry out the spirit of the pre- m>>tion
law of 1838—a statute which has been ontmued
arad the principal provisions of which are now in
force. This had not been particu'aily a'luded to,
hut so h the fact. W> are now under the pre-
emption Uw of 1838, it is, wuh some aerations,
at ihishour the law of the land; it was revived in
1841), and extended to 1842, and the prefert bill is
a departure from that law, not merely by mpkim-
the system prospective instead of retrospective in
us operation, but by onn tm'i irip rta  t parts of
that law, and altering essentially some of us pro
visions On what grounds are pre-empt oi laws
defended here, an i m the na ionl On 'he two
principles of public policy and of private jmlice.
Is il not «a (. to te juitly due to the honist dono
file settiet ih .t he shall bi protected in ihe erj iy-
ment ol the truiis of his industi}' Are we not
told tha¡ ii a foreigmr leaves his country and
cji.ies here, or one of cur owr, citizens leaves his
riv'diDce in an old State, at d ?ces on our pubhc
domain, and eie-cts a log c«bm on it, justice
requires he snail be cjvercd by a nie-emphon law,
and secured if the p «se-ston of his hnd; Is not
It is assumed, everywhere aL the equity on which
a pre-emption iu'V is fonudtd, so far a- it respecN
the individual1 \ml, wuh legard to its public
policy, is it not said 1'iat such laws encourage the
set'kmeat and sa e ot the public lands'! that they
rai^e the pnce of the ¡«ids, and give an impuke
to population", thus bru'iünc: strength to the coun-
try, and adding to the public wealth? Am I not
justified m saying that these arc the tvto principles
on which the pre-emption s^s'em is made to
hinge?' Cent'emen m-iy differ a* to the expediency
of the system, but its friends put it on the two
grounds I have s'ated. If these be indeed the
jsrmriples on which alone the bill can be defended,
I hope its advocates will suppo,t them, as they are
assumed and embodied m the amendments I shall
offer, wh'ch go >o pro'ect the buna fids settler, and
him alone.
Willi these view, I offer the following amend-
ment to the bill, and ask the Senate to compare it
with tie bill, and juJgi? whek-r it is not in ac-
cordance wi'h the pnne.ples on whuh any pre-
emption Uw cm rest, an 1 otig'it no1, tier-foie, to
be adop ed
Mr. H. here read the amendioe,. , as follows-
"Sec 5  Afcr the word 'divided,' n die third ¡me, Btiike
out to the woid'no,' in the fourth line, and mser. 'equally be-
twoenthem, but neuhershali have any claim, by virtue of this
act, to any other land, and' "
The b.ll now reads-
Sec 5 And be it further enacted. Thai where two or move
persons snail have settled on the same quarter eection, the
same shall be divided between them, and the deficiency made
up to each out of the contiguous vacant ground; but no wilful
inti uder on the known claim ol another shall be entitled to nm
beneiit undu this section
It the amendment shall prevail, the section will
read:
"Thatwheie two oi more persons shall have settled on the
same quartei section, the same shall be divided equally be
tween them, but neuhei shall have any claim, by virtue of
this act, to any other land, and no wilful intruder on the known
claim of anoiher shall be entitled to any benefit under this
section "
The bill, in its present shape, declares that if
two or more persons shall settle on the same quar-
ter section, Ihe land shall be divided between them,
and each settler shall be entitled to so much from
the contiguous vacant land as shall be sufficient ts
make up to him the full quantity of a quarter sec-
tion; but ihat no wilful intruder sha'l be entitled to
the b nefits of this provision of the law.    It gives
to every settler (not a wilful intruder on the same
quarter section) an equal right  in tha* land, and
aho a rigit of pre-emption lo what is equivalent
lo a whole quarter section     He is not merely to
have his interest m  the quarter section with the
rest who unite with  him in seizing upon it, bul
enough is to b- taken from the adjoining land tc
make up a quarter section to each.    Will not thl;
prejudice the  interests of the lorn fide seP.ler, and
promote those cf the speculator?   It does not pro-
hibit the settlement on a quarter section by more
peisons than one; any number may agree to asso-
ciate and unne in  fixing themselves on a single
quarter section, and thence spread themselves ovei
all the contiguous lands.   Will half a d zen mdi
viduals settle on one quarter section ot land, il
ihey all intend to become permanent r stdenls ot
the soil    if they enter on the land wi h a sincen
dtoiif el making Inemselves homes in the wilder
ness, they will each take his quarter section ant
begin to improve it; but, by this bill, a family niaj
go  on one,  and improve it  together, and  then
when the time of sale come,, each of them en
braced within the provisions of the  bill will be en
titled to a separate quarter section at the Govern
ment price      Nor is this all.     If it were onlj
familes tnatcou'd do thi-, their taking a t-act to
gether might furnish some eviiet ce of an inttn
u m to settle peimanently tn tne properly.    Bu
what 's lo prevent a company ot sp cuUtors Iron
gt mg on the land and inhabiting it, and raising om
log cabin, to furnish  a shelter for them all, and a
soon as the pre-emption light is  to be perfre'ed
claiming, c ch one, his separate iract of land, at ¡
dollar and a quarter, ai.d immediately selling it a
a great profit'!    í  have no disp' sition  to bsnefi
settlers of this description; and the pre-emption ngh
should be confined to  those who, in good faith
make settlements with a vie " of becimniii peima
neat reudents.    And this amendment effecs ihi
objec', and therein carries out the principles avow
ei by th" friends Oi the bill.   Sucti was the provi
sion of the act of 1828, and such is n^w the law o
the land.
Its p'ovtsion is, that if more th?n one persoi
shall settle on a quarter section, each of th; per
sons so settling shall have an equal share of th
land, but shall have no claim to any other law
whatsoever by virtue of that act. Such a bill be
came a law, and by an act passed in 1840, it ha
been continued m force two years longer. I pre
sume the clause was introduced expressly to guan
against the evils I have mentioned. I am dispos 
to carry out this policy. I wish to insert the guard
whish our predecessors thought it proper to adopi
that ihey might shut out the rich man and thespe
culator, and bestow ihe benefits of the bill on non
but uotia fide improvers of the soil. I trUot th
amendment will not be objected to.
Mr CLVY of Alabama said that there mre tw
wa5S to destroy a bill: one was to vote it dowi
an! anolh'r was to talk it down H  regrettt
tha' the gentleman had not nrovght t tvvard h
an e.ulment sooner, when the bill wa,inpirgre
of amendment, but a'ter t íe biU h id b , n lender
as perfect as it could be, a proposition had be
brought forward to recommit it with mstructiOi
