Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wr
26th Cokg--"2nd Sess.
which had been given in favor of this bill, he pre-
sumed it was to piss, and was desirous to make it
as perfect as possible. He was wilting that a
young man over eighteen and under twenty-one
should have a pre emption right, provided he was
married, and the head of a family, but, if a similar
provision was extended lo other minors, he appeal
ed to gentlemen to consider wbat was the effect
likely to he produced on the domestic relations of
life Inviting young men from the homestead of
their fathers, conferring property on them be-
fore they were of age, and set'lmg them in masses
in a new country—what must be the effect of this
on themselves, as well as on the community into
the mvdn of which the/ were thrown, without be-
ing bound to it by any of the ordinary social tie*?
It went to break up family relations, and tempt
young lads to a breach ot th* duty tbey owed
their parents Was it wise thus to stimula'e emigra-
tion, and throw young and inexperienced boys into
ctrcumslances where they would be exposed to all
manner of imposition'! What right had such young
men to enter on our public domain and erect them-
selves a log cabin or other building without the
consent of their paréate? By the laws, he believed,
ef every State in the Union, their personal ser-
vices, until they were of age, belonged to their
father Would gentlemen tempt them to desert
their du'y—to depuve th^ir parents of the aid on
which ihey leaned, and to which, by the laws of
the country, they were entitled, and which they
might c'aim under a law <f far higher origin and
far more «acred obligation1
Mr NORVELL sugges'ed that, by the laws of
the Geneial Government, young men of 18 could
become purchaser* of the public land There was
no law to prevent it, and why, if he went on a
piece of wild land with the intent to make it his
home—if he cul ivaled the soil, and erec'ed on it a
dwelling, ought he to be placed on a worse footing
than others?
The question was now taken on the proposed
amendment to strike out 18, and insert 31, and de-
cided in the negative, as follows
YEAS—Messr . Bayard, Ciay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Graham, Henderson,
Huntington, Ker, Knight, Mangum, Merr ck,
Nicholas, Phelps, Pieice, Prentiss, Preston, Roane,
Kuggles, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Websier,
White and Williams—24
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Anderson Benton, Bu
chanm, Ciay of Alabama, Fulton, Hubbard,
King, Linn, Lumpinr, Moaton, Nicholson, No-
vell, Porter, Robinson, Sevier, Sm th of Connecti-
cut, Sturgeon, Talltnadee, Tappau, Walker, Wi'l,
Wright, and Yo' rg—94
The Senate being equally divi ]e 1, toe President
gave bis casting vote  n the negative.
So the ameivlmert was rejected
Mr HUNTINGTON nrw cflered ano her
amendment, prooo mg to strike out from section
first the words "has been c shall be di tinguishcd,"
and insert "shall have been extinguished at the
time of such settlement " go that if tbe amend-
ment be adopted, it will read, "on any of the
public lands to which the Indian title shall have
been extinsmshed at the time of such seltlemen  "
He said thtthe proposed r merely with the view
of making the bill more evplici', and of preventing
misconstruction, esp'cirliy as the registers and
receivers were to ¡uve power to dec de m a «urn^
mary manner and definitively all quest ons arising
under the act As the bill to >d, it nn.ht be so
construed as to apply to ifnd to which the Indian
title had not been extinguí bed The object of the
amendment was to prevent this Instead, trere-
fore, of the word" in the bi 1,''the title to which
has be^ti or may be extingu shed," he proposed to
substitute the words, "shall hav^ been extinguished
at the time oi s'ich settlement.'
Mr. CLAY of Abbama said he concurred in die
amendm-nt
Mr. HUNTINGTON I am glad ttaeie is one
amendment which the gentleman can approve
Mr CLAY And I a"i glad ihat there is one of
the gent'emanS measures which I can approve
Mr. HUNTINGTON rejoined, that, although be
was pleased to have the support of the Senator
from Alabama m this amendment, he thought it
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Linn.
more important to have a majority of the Senate
lo concur m (bis, as they already had done in ano-
ther amendment which he had proposed, and to
which the gentleman from Alabama had objected.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he would propose to
the Senate another amendment, the object of which,
as in the last case, was to iend«r the provisions of
the bill more explicit. He could not ¡suppose it
was intended that the pre-emption right granted by
the bill should be extended to any other land than
the quarter section on which the pre-emptioner
settled, but, as the bill was drawn, it must be mani-
fest that a person who settled on a quarter section,
and brought himself within the scope of the bill by
making improvement, &c might claim a pre-
emption right ta any other quarter section open lo
pre-emption. To p event this, Mr H. preponed to
insert in the 12 h line ot the 4th seclirn, afiei the
wcrd "land," tne word  "so settled upon," so
that, if amended, it will read "shall be entitled t 
a pie-emption in the purchase of a quantity of the
public land se seitltd upon, not exestdmg one quar-
ter section "
Mr LINN inquired whethei his friend from
Connecticut would exclude a man who had settled
on a fiacuon containing 17') or 180 acres The
Senator was aware that m the survey there were
some fiactional sec ion", one quarter of which
would not alwajs be 160 acres This had pro-
duced some mfference of i pinion m Mis>ourt At
some land office  a man wa* allowed to inter such
a traction, ard at others not. In consequence, an
appeal bad been n ade to the lanu department at
Washington, and fhere it had been deciJed that the
settler must confine himself to (he exact amount ef
160 acres This Wjspioducuve of great inconve
menee Pait of a man's farm might have bten
on such a fiaction, and he was thus pievented from
entering i Si ch ca«e~ could be provided for in
this bill, and be snould be sony to see it pre-
vented
Mr. HUNTINGTON said that th    care sup
ptsed was already provide! d r u< the lull, and his
amendment did not, m nis opinion, in erfere with it.
Tne question bun^ put, the imerdmeit was
agreed to
Mr. HUNTINGTON now offered as a further
amendment a new section lo ihe bill as follows
'Sfc 10 Andbeit fvi ihfr pnacted, That before any per
Ron claiming the henefi of tins law sh ill Inven patent for the
land whith he may c! urn by having romrlied with its provi
slon« he shad make oath beloi e some pers n audi irized bv law
to administer thesame, which oath with th certifi ate of the
ptrson almmisteni ^it shall bo filed with the icgster of ¡he
pro! er l^nd office when the land is ap¡ bed foi in I by o ud re
gtster sent to the jfhre of the Commisstonei )f Public Lind 
tha he entered upon l! e land which he rl urns loins own neht
us le\clusl\eiy 1 r his own use ard btner aid tl at lie has
not hrtuly i nd lectly n a le anv a reenpntm c nlrict in
any way 11 manner with any r el on u p i ons whatever by
which the title which 1 e mitrht aoqtuu Iiom tbe R viimtnt
of tht, 1 i itetl sttdte blio tld i me to the u e 01 bei eft of any
o le except himstlf 01 t  c nvey or transfer the pai 1 land, or
thu title which lie m^y at quire to tbe s im to any o her per
son or perse ns whatevei it a v s dj-^q lent time an 1 if such
person claiming the bei efit of this law asafoiesaid shall swear
falsely m the premises be sha I be sulject toal! the pains and
penalties for perjury forfeit the monev which he may have
¡ aid lol tbe land, and all ngl t and title to the said ¡and and
any grantor conveyance which he may have made in pursu
anee of such agreement 01 c ntract asafoiesaid shall be void,
except m the bands f ipurohisei in goodfaith furavalu ble
consideration w thout nt ice An Hhe cer ifioa e uhlch shall
be filed with the Commissioner aa iroiesatl shah be taken
to be conclusive eyiderce that the oath was legally admmis
tered '
Mr H said that hi? intention in this ar.f-nd-
ment, as in tbe others, vías to c rry out the pro-
fessed rbject of t^e law, hy preventing frauds and
securifg the honest, bona fide se'tler in ihe posses-
sion of bis land By thr bill in lis piescnt form,
any md.viduil was not only vet prohibited, but
was permitid to enter on land for thebenelit of
others, instead oí himself Nov/, if the design cf
the law was to grant a pre-emption right to die
bona fide set ler only, was it no' leasonable to re-
quire his affiilavit that he was such'! This was the
'ecurity wh ch the Government had agemst frauds,
and, howevei frad, it was sume see.untv Did
Western gentlemen want others to get the boon?
Did they oe ire individuals to go upon tbe '«ad fir
the benefit ot speculators? As ihe bill new isi, a
man might openly and profes^edlv enter on a quar-
ter-section for 'he benefit of sorre rich spe¡ ulator,
and ootam foi him the right of pre empt on Mr
H. said that he followed, in this amendment, the
Senate.
law of 1838, and though he admitted that it would
prove a very inadequate security, still it weuld be
some. Good citizens would not refuse to take the
oath.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said the friends of the
bill had no wish to allow men to enter on the lands
for Ihs benfit of others, and, hoping that the amend-
ment, if adopted, might possibly hive the effect of
reconciling some gentlemen to the bill, he should
not oppose it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTINGTON now said that, as the gen-
tleman from Alabama had gone thus far, he hoped
to have his concurrence in the amendment he was
about to propose. The law was not only prospec-
tive but permament. He desired so to amend it
as that it should expire by its own limitation, and
it would be open to renewal if, on trial, it snould
not be found to be productive of evil He wished,
therefore, to provide, as in former pre-emption
laws, that the law should continue in force for a
limited time only; and with that view he offered
the f-Hewing amendment
"Sec 11 And be it further enacted, That this act shall be
and continue in force two years, and no longer "
On this amendment, Mr. HUBBARD demanded
the yeas and nays
Mr LINN said he wished to offer a few words
on this amendment If, said Mr h we are to
open a pre emption discussion every two years, he
predicted that it wou'd cost this Government ten
times as much as it will ever gam by the abolish-
ment of the pre-emption system altogether, and
putting the lands to the highest bidder, which, as
has been conclusively shown, amounts only to the
difference ot a few cents He did not entertain a
doubt ot it Why, sir, have we not seen, from
time to time, Congress engaged, day by day,
gravely discussing, at an immense expense to the
people, the question whether yen would pass laws
lo permit the earnest settlers of the wilderness to
purcnase their lands at one dollar and twenty-five
cents the acre' He considered ihe money thus
spent as absolutely squsndered He had voted for
the Senator's amen (ment [Mr Huntinbton's] re-
quiring an oath to prevent traud, but he must be
permitted lo say that there have bee  an almost in-
finity of chaiges of fraud brought against the set-
tlers on our Western lands which were nearly des-
titute of foundation Tnere was scarcely ground
enough of (act for a man to plant the sole of his
foot upon while fulminating tbe thunders of denun-
ciation and abuse which have been heard here and
elsewhere.
I believe (said he) there is more false swearing
m the custom-house of one of our large cities, m
foot upon while fulminating the thunders of denun-
ciaren and abuse which have been heard here and
ei*enhPre
I believe (said he) thfre is more false swearing
m the custom-house of one of our large cities in
one day, than would be sufficient to damn the whole
world—certainly a thousand limes more than ex-
ists on the whole line of our frontier, in relation to
pre emption rights, in a year. It has become al-
most proverbial to charge the people of the new
S ates with a want of moral sense I fling back
the charge on 'hose who make it I know it to be
unfounded I stand here openly to deny it, and I
aver that, save m a very few cases, the charge of
frauds is wholly without foundation How was this
s}s'em of accusation employed against Louisiana?
It was caid ibat the speculators there had seized
upon ihp fittest and most beautiful land in all the
country, and by fiaudulent practices had appro-
priated it to themselves. Well, the Government
employed an agent of character and experience to
go to ihe spot and search into the truth of the charge.
He did s<, and what does be report to you? That
be always beard reports in relation to some other
neighborhood, but never was able to light on a spot
where the existence of fraud was found. As he
approached the ground, the charge receded before
him it vanished, it evaporated, and never proved
to be tangible, except in a very few case*. And he
would venture to say, that if similar charges, which
have been made elsewhere, shall be subjected to a
thoiough investigation, gentlemen will almost feel
ashamed that they ever entertained even a suspicion
of their lruth.
