iNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                Jan. 1841.
198                         ___________________AfPJfi
26th Coxg""2np Sess.__________________
I do not deny that fraud may have been perpe-
trated, but I do say that it has occurred as seldom
as ever will b« possible under a merely human law.
The system of floats did, I admit, give occasion to
much wrong to the United States, and the Govern
ment, by that means, lost some of its best lands;
and yet it was not fraud, bat all originated from a
construction given to the law by the land depart-
ment here. He said he was opposed to that con-
struction at the time, and should be still. The ob-
ject of the pre-emption system is, that the new
States may get an accession of good, moral, indus-
trious settlers. And here I must be permuted to
say, on the subject of land stealing, that, while very
littte has been committed against the General Go-
vernment, the United States have been guilty of no
small amount of it, as regards some of the United
States. By the treaty of Pans of 1803, you ac-
quired possession of the magnificent territory of
Louisiana, stretching from the Gulf of Mexiaó to
the sources of the Mississippi, and by contiguity
to the great Western Ocean With the country
was tranferted into the bosom of the American
family many thousand souls, mostly ignorant of
our laws, customs, and manners. This Govern-
ment was bound by that treaty to respect that pro-
perty. Bat did we not see that they refused for
many years to confirm any tract over one league
square, or any tract containing a lead mine or salt
spring. Was this just or right? And, sir, have we
not seen these same lands sold and the money
pocketed by the Government, and title still refused
to the claimant and, when taken from him and
afterwards confirmed, you force him to take the
same amount from your picked and refuse public
domain subject to sale at private entry.
This you call carrying out a solemn treaty'm the
spirit in which it was made. But, sir, I do not
charge this Government with intentional wrong in
this matter, notwithstanding it did steal some of
these strangers' lands But I do  ay that more
rank injustice has been commuted by ihe Govern-
ment, and by gentlemen who stood here and saw it
done before their eyes, than has ever been commu-
ted by the people of the whole State in relation to
your public domain.
When the whole of the Stile, during the last
war with Great Britain, between the Missouri and
the Mississippi rivers, was left to defend itself by
a population who had settled on the lands in de-
fiance of your law , these very squatters proved to
be your best soldiers, and such they ever will be.
And when the old States shall be sunk in follies
and crimes, and shall have become a Government
of mere property, there will still be found on the
frontier a gallant band of hardy agriculturists-,
among whom the love of liberty will still survive,
and whose virtue and patriotism will be the preser
vation «f our free institutions. God forbid that
any unliind feeling should be excited in my bosom
by the acts of this Government in reference to Mis-
souri. I am an American citizen, thoroughly and
truly such, as my votes will prove, but I confers I
do feel nettled, at times, when I hear my constitu-
ents chargtd as they have been on this floor, and if
1 am driven to carry the war on this side the moun-
tains, in their defence, I promise it will be in no
measured terms. And if the question is to be
made of comparative mo-aliiy and of simple re-
publican integrity, well do I know on which side
the balance will rest.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said that the amend-
ment was one of greater importance than at first
view it might appear to be. In all the pre-emption
laws heretofore passed, a clause had been inserted
limiting their continuance te two years, and the
question for the Senate now to decide was, whether
they would deviate from the uniform course of le-
gislation, and now pass a pre-emption law which
shoald be interminable m its duration It seemed
to him that there we'e so many considerations in
favor of the Senate's listening to the ameidment
and giving force to the arguments in its, favor, that
they conld not well refuse to adopt it What was
the system which it was propped to enact for a pe-
riod wholly unlimited? It was a system new, un-
tried, and perilous in the extreme It went to open
io the right of pre-emption the whole of the land* of
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Clay of Ky.
the United States on which the Iadian title had been
extinguished; all that were subject to private entry;
and all that had not yet been surveyed and put up at
auction. It invited ¡.ettlers to seize upon the land
before it had been surveyed. It was a virtual re
peal of tha auction system, for when all the good
land should be taken up, what would ths-re be left
for the auction to operate upon? Nothing. It
amounted to a total alteration of our land system,
which had been in successfu 1 operation for more
than fifty years; a system under which Ohio, from
being an uncultivated wilderness, had sprung up,
as if by enchantment, into a densely «ettled State,
numbering a million and a half inhabitants, while
other States through the entire West had advanced
with a progress not less rapid. Is it wise (said Mr.
C.)—let me put it to the Senate—let me put it to
the c untry—is it wise to put this matter out of
reach «f our hands, until we are perfectly sure that
it will work weli'! Let me put a case to the friends
of this bill. Here is a new district of lands opened,
lands of the most inviting chaiacter, containing ex-
actly ihe proper propurtion of praine and timber,
beautifully situated, and of the highest degiee of
fertility. You then i"sue your proclamation to all
the world, inviting all who cnoose to rush upon the
fresh and virgin soil, under the promise that they
shall have a pre emption right, and they come at
your call. Now, by the provisions of the present
land system, you declare that the sixteenth section
in every township shall be reserved for purposes of
education. By the effect ot ihis bill, that section is
gone, it is gone. Who does not foresee that such
a settlement as is here invited, must lead to scenes
of violence and contention in regard to land tules,
on which no patuot eye can look but with sorrow
and dismay? Under ihese circumstances, what is
now proposed by my friend from Connecticut? It
is merely to bring the act under review at the end
of two years, when it shall have undergone some
trial vi to ltb practical operation And is this a new
proposal' have not all our pre-emption laws here-
tofore been limited in point of time' Not one of
them has been, like this, universal m its range, and
unlimited in its duration.
Someihing has been said about the tediousness
of legislation, and the great consumption of con-
gressional time, occasioned by our debates on sub-
jects connected with the public domain, but have
gentlemen attended to ihe facts on this subject I
say that, but for the series of experiments which
has been so fatal m its operation on the whole
country and on all us interests, the sessions of Con-
gress, instead of increasing m length, have shown
a constant tendency to diminution, 1 have before
me a very curious document on this subject, em-
bracing every session of Congress from 1789 to the
present time, being fifty-two annual sessions And
what are the results it cxhibiis? That the two first
sessions of Congress, after the Government went
into operation, were among the longest of any—one
of them continuing two hundred and twenty-one
days, and ths other two hundred and ten I know
it has been said, and truly said, that this is to be
accounted for from the fact that our whole system
bad then to be organized; that the first Congress
had to put the new and vast machine of tha new
Constitution, wuh its multitudinous parts, into mo-
tion But I find that in the fourth Congress there
was a session of one hundred and ninety-seven
day; and in the sixth of one hundred and ninety
days. Another session exhibits one hundred and
twenty-one diys; and another one hundred and se-
venty seven. And what do you spppose was the
longest session (not including th-t in which war
was declared against Great Britain) smce the Go-
vernment went into operation? It began m
No"ember, 1797, and ended in July, 1798—occu-
pying 246 days. The next longest was the °ession
during which we went to war with England, and
which continued 245 da}s, and so the list goes on,
the long sessions gradually diminishing m their ex-
jent until Gen. Jackson came into power. They
commenced a new system of legislation—the at-
tacks on banks, ihe lemoval of the deposites, the
multiplication of graduation and pre emption bil's,
with all the other wild and reckless and ruinous
measures which have prostrated the business and
prosperity of the country.
Senate.
Away with the idea that we are to be frightened
in o the adoption of the present bill from any hope
of relieving ourselves from labor and from those
high responsibilities and sacred duties which have
been imposed upon us by the Constitution. It has
no foundation in fact. The whole consumption of
time, of which gentlemen make such heavy com-
plaints, has been caused by their own impatience
under the operation of our most admirable land
system. All we ask of them is that they will for-
bear, that they will submit to a system which has
been so long and so successfully tried, and there
will be a gradual diminution of the time consumed
from year to year in the discussion of land debates.
Yet, aferali ihe complaints, the longtst session
we have evei had was within twelve years from
the commencement of the Government. The next
longest was that in which we declared w¿r, and
the other long ses-ions have happened since den.
Jackson came into power.
Now, I ask, shall we, as wise men, as safe, ju-
dicious men, cast behind us all the advantages ot
an old, and long tried, and advantageous sjstem,
which h'ES worked well and produced the happiest
result", and subject ourselves to a new, untried,
and interminable scheme like lhat proposed in the
present bill? What will be its effect in a financial
point of view? The Government is now aground.
The cry for Treasury notes' Treasury notes! is
the only remedy sounded forth from the head of
the Tieasury Department. The denouncers of
banks, and bank paper, and the credit system, now
cry in our ears for more, and more, and yet more
paper money. I call the attention of the Senate to
one of the reports from the Secretary, from which
it will be perceived that there is a labored exertion
throughout to diminish Ihe charges upon Govern-
ment, and to augment the receipts ot the current
jear. And this extravapant Administration, in its
expiring moments, begins to preach economy—a
word which has been heretofore rigorously excladed
from their political vocabulaty. Look at his esti-
mate of the product of the customs during the pre-
sent year. He sets them down at 19,000,000; and
on what data1 On none whatever. Only because
it was convenient to swell the income to that
amount The product ot the last year was but
13,000 000, and why does he estimate lhat
of the coming year at 19,000,000? Simply be-
cause those figures would enable him to show a
lit tie surplus in the Treasury at the end ef the year,
and if for that purpose an estimate of twenty-five
millions had been necessary, it would have been so
set down. Look at his report, and what does he
say1 Why, that there is a "strong illustration of
the probability of a conjecture." Yes, we have
the "strong illustration of the probability (f a con-
jecture." This language reminds me very much of
ihe expression used by a friend of mine now not
living, but then a member of the Legislature of
Kentucky. Rising to speak to some matter in de-
bate, he said that he thought "he had a sort of a
^lgn of a symptom of a sensa'ion of an idea on
the subject before the House." And really that
seems as good to me as the Secretary's "strong il-
lustration of the probability of a conjecture." And
after all,whatis this "strong probability''" It is ana-
ked estimate of the honorable Secretary that the re-
ceipts from the customs will amount to nineteen
millions.
I see, in a certain paper sent by him to another
part of this Capitol, that the Secretary tells us this
overabundant, overwhelming revenue for the first
quarter of 1841 will amount to $3,000,000. Where
does he get the other $16,000,000, and what do you
propose to do under such a miserable, wretched
state of the finances as lhat in which the present
Administration is about to lea*e the Treasury' A
gentleman possessed of the feelings ot honor and
self-respect, if he were about leaving a building and
delivering it up to the occupation of others, would
be careful to have it put ¡n the nicest order. He
would have the locks lepaired, the painting and
whitewash renewed, all ihe fastenn gs of the hou«e
overhauled, and the entire premises scrubbed,
washed, and put m a state of complete and credi-
table repair. But what have we here? The Ad-
ministration who are about to surrender the public
Departments to the possession of those whom the
