Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
26th Cong..-.2vd Sess.
Pre-emp'ion Law—Mr. Clay of Jila.
Senate.
who is warring against the ínteres s of his o^n
State. It is the Senator who is wilting to give up the
share of that St?te in the rich and fertile lands of
Mis oun anl Arkansas, for a parcel of wre'ehed,
miserable pme barren1-. Pol these hp is ready to
barter away the inheritance of his own Alabama,
m all the nch and abundant regions northwest of
the Ohio No, sir, no, I have been the true friend
of the new States, as, I none, of a 1 the Slates
In offering a just and and liberal distribution
among them all, of the proceeds of the the public do-
mam, and in consideration of the peculiar situa-
tion of the rewer States, I have proposed to add
twelve and a half per cent to their shares in this
distribution Is this the part of an pnemv' If the
Senator chose to say ihat, in his opinion, I was
warring against the interests of his State, it wou'd
have been another thing, but I deny his right here,
or that of any other Senator, to pronouncp, as ex
cathedra, that lam the enemy of ihe nc w States,
and am warring against them The fact is directly
the reverse I have been consulting their truest in-
terests by urging a just, liberal, generous system of
policy, whieh would at orce advance the interests
and secure the ultimate prosperity of every Stote
in the Union. I regrei thai the Senator hould
have taken occasion to make ihi"s remark It
wasunnecebsaiv, it was uncalled for Ii the S -
natir differs from me in opinion, let him differ
like a man, in an open, fair, d gnified, and courte-
ous manner Be-ause he oppo es my course n re-
ference to the publ c linds, does it therefore rolbw
that I am hostile to the new Staled I trust no ,
and I hope, in future, that the honorable gentleman
will manifest a little more of toleration and of cour-
tesy in his snee hes here The Senator chose to
use the word "irrevocable," as applied by me to
the prov sion of this bill I never used the word
I said the bill was inlammable m point of time,
and in i s present form it isintermwatle, un il the
requisite authority shall iiiterpp e to repeal it
From a view oí the wh le subject, I am opposed
to the bill, as ¡mpairit g the amount of revenue lo
com  into the Treasury durirg the presen'} ear,
thereby augmentirg' a deficit for which provision
ought long since to have been made, and as
fraught with evils passirg all imagination, from
the disputes and contests ior tit'e among that flood
of settlers which '-> invited from all the quarters of
the kno vn wor'd to ri'sh m a miss upon our pub
lie domain. I have nude, and shall continue to
make opposition, as heretoiore, with this differ°nce,
that, whereas formerly I opposed pr*-"mpü< n bills,
though only retrospective in their operation, and
confined to a particular district, t oppose this ih°
more as being prospective, mteimmable, aid
reaching to the entire extent of the public do nam
And, most marvellous of all, it is yet sai 1 that ell
this involves no interference wbalevei with our ad
rairable, our venerable, pnd long-tried land sjstem,
which has been so justly lauded on the present
occasion
Mr. BUCHANAN said >t was not his purpo-e
to interfere in the diipu e between the two Sena-
tors of the same name, though on opposite sides of
the Senate and of the question. He should leave
them to fight their own bittle I gave ray reasons
(said Mr B ) for believing that thp revenue during
the present >ear will be much grea er than that of
the past, and is likely to reach $19,000 000
Mr Clay (Interpo ing ) Will the Senator be
so good as to tell us, it th° matter stands ?s h"" has
lust represented, ho wit happens thsttbeSecrtiarvoi
the Treasury ha^ estimated the first quarter o the
present year at no more than $3,000 0001
Mr. Buchanan said he should b fore he took bis
seat. The Senalor from Ken neky has expressed
an opinion contrary to mine Mine is based on
some- facts, at least His, «o far as apoeats, is
founded upon none
Mr Clav. None except the product of the last
year
Mr Buchanan Yes; but I have shown a dis-
tinction between our circumstances du'insr the last
year and the present The Senator speaks of the
revsnue of th* first quarter Why, sir, we have
entered but twenty da>s m that quaner, and what
estimate can as yet be formed as to toatf
Mr. Clav    T>e Secretary has made one
M' Buchanan The rece pts of th's quarter
will mainly depend < n last fall's imputations, not
on the «e of th° present year You cannot, as jel,
estimate, wi'h any d«grce of accuracy, what the re-
sults will be for this vear There have been great
and unu ual storms on t*-e ocean, and great de
struction of properly, but so many arnva's have
already taken place, as to justify the expectation
that the amount of dunes at the custom-
house will be largely increased. Every body
can ■•ee thf>t the receipts for the first quar-
ter must, of course, fall short, because, they de-
pend ch efly on the importations of last vear, and
tnere h".s not been time, as jet, t^ show whether
the SenutoT''s estimate for the whole year er my
own may prove to be correct I cslculab that t'-ere
will be $19,000,000 of revenue, becau e the ímpor-
tat on will probably be lare?, and no redaction of
tl e tar fF will occur ui dcr the existing laws till the
last day of next December. But vast importations,
to ugh ihey augment the revenue, turn sh in them-
sel/es no evidence of nati mal prospef ty Onllat
subject, ( ur h s'ory ratis m one e ernal ci e'e One
year, we import too much, and have more goods
than we can pav ror We become ihrrnc' at (hit,
and the next > ir import too little, anl hence the
hist ryof ourfo ign eo "Titcp isahi«!oiy f ex-
pansion aid contrar t n, an I of pe^t ually recur
rfg levulsions
The next thing I shill refer to in the r°marks
wh ch fell from the honorable Senator, was. that
his good taste and í is good nature did not mduce
him to forbear <rom some remarks upon my poor
mission to Russia
[Mr Clay, (speaking across ) You filled it s0
well that ycu ought not to complain ct me on that
account ]
Thaf, to be sure, 1j a sugar-plum, vih eh in some
measure corrects he aciditv of vhat went b ture
It comes i i vers tnely, an 1 prevei ts '■orne re-
marks in which I m ght otherwise have induced
I tan w tn gre't truth, cay tb it mission was whol-
ly unso) cited b> me, and that it was a¿ unexpected
as any event, tbe most improbable, could have
been, nor was it d< nel by me.
[Vlr Clay (across ) No bad thing though—not
a thing for aman to turn up his nose at j
It was not refused, it is true—bu1 only for the
re-'son tint it was pres ej with si mi eh earnest
ness by the distinguished in in then at the h ad of
the Government Í accoidm.lj jielded an 1 went
pi road, vid I can s w, f r th  henefit of any pen
tieman (n such theie br) who mav be lo k og ior-
warl toafoieign missnn as some great tbinsr,ihat
he will most assuredly be di appointed, unless, in-
deed, he hapi ens to be a millionaire
I am glad, on one accuni, however, that I ac-
cepted the mission The piecedent may do s me
good to ray friends on th « «lie of the House It
requires no prophet, to predict, that in appointing
members of Congress It office, General Hanison
will at'east follow in the foots|ens cf "his illus-
trious pie 'eces or," aid may prrtib'y V. te him
farbehnd It woold be haul mjted to depuve
him "f the ^ervic s of -o r-.my di-Hngu hed ae-
rator0 and Representatives, tnd equal!' hard to
deprive thorn of the pleasi re oí *civmg hm.bj
acting upon a politi'" ! onneiple v h ch v.o lid ex-
clude them from office I am bappy to believe that
there is no danger of any Mich unpleasant result
If I read the signs of the times aright, whatever
objections may have exjs'el against Gene) i] Jack-
son on tl is scoie, they will at le?st be cq'nllv well
founded against his illustrious successoi and if any
of his fn°nds heie  *nould  happen to be loci jng
0 it for '"oa e= an4  fi hes," ad I can sav is, that
1  wish them G"d pee' I mi„hi add, i it d d not
weaken the force of be nrr-edent, that t'ie mi -
sion was not offered to me, u M aflu I ha 1 re-
tired from Corfn ss, and become i pnva'e ci iz^n
The honorable Senator says thüt the tin -> has
not yet come to investigate the exi-avagancc cf
the Yan Buien administration Well, I hope
it may cone and I now vent"re to say «hat those
^ho attack it will not be able o sho¿, in *ne whole
course tf that Adra ni trabón, any item tí cmsu
rabl" extravagance. If any such exist, th  oppor-
tunity to investigate them is always present Every
particular of expenditure, down to the last cent, is
open before \ ou What act of Congress has Mr.
Yan Buren violated1? In what has he departed
from those ec momical principles we all profess,
and which I hope we s\all all practice? I know
of none We have called on gentlemen to specify
particular , but the Senator from Kentucky says
that he goes only for aggregates, He looks only at
the footing of the bill Can he defend such a
coui se? With all his ability and eloquence, can
lie show that this is -\ fair mode of judging? The
question depends not on the gross amount of ex-
penditure, but whether the expenditures have been
kept within the proper limits, whether they have
been wisely directed. If a man buys what is very
valuab'e, hemast pay propor'ionally, and no mo-
ney has been expend d by this administration
which was not sanctioned by Congress
On the subject tf pre-emption, I think I am$er-
fectiv safe, for, although I am menaced by the gi-
ant irm of the Senator from Kentucky, yet I am
sh Hed by that of General Harrison, the distin-
guished "mihtiry chieftain" who is soon to take
the ! ead of the Government We have heard that
he goe, the whole for the pre empuon principle.
Would it, then, not be well for the Senator from
Kentucky to reconsider nis opposition? Let him
not attack the bill as hostile to the grept principles
of our land system, because it does not trench upon
them at all It does not reduce the pnce of the
land it proposes to keep that up at $ I 95 per
acre Its whole effect is to give to the industrious
and honest settler an opportunity to buy for him-
self a home, provided he contents himself with a
quarter sec ion of hnd—t. «mall inroad indeed on
the exi ting land sy.tem—a system to which I am
qaite as much devute I a- the Scnotor from Ken-
tucky
Mr CLAY of Alabama caid he rhould not pro-
tract the deb-ite, but would oecupy as little time as
pissible, for he sought to hasten the engrossment of
ihe bill He «as, hi wever, called up by the re-
marks of the Senator fium Kentucky, [Mr Clav ]
fie had been unfortunate enough to <xcilc that Se-
nior's ire, because he had c introverted the two
alleged facts on which the Senator relied as ob-
jections drawn from the bill The one wa«, that
the bill deployed and utterly 'ook away the six-
teenth or school section m every township, in con-
tradice n to which, Mr C had referred to ihe law
of t\- country which ie ervcd the sixteenth sec-
tion beyond theieach of danger As to the term.
  iich tiie Senator had applied to the bill,Mr C.had
quoted it as "irr. vecib e," it wa probably "mter-
minab'e," but Mr C on side red the two words is
much the «ame He should I lie to know the prac-
ticii d fter"uoe bdween them If the bill was "m-
Urmmible," did not that jeny the p iwer of Con-
gres to repeal it just as mrch as if it was "irrevo-
cable'!" Mr C said he xvas dispii d to treat the
Senptoi from Kentucky with courtesy, but when a
measure, m in'rolunn1  which Mi C. had taken an
active pir vas ns ulel in an nn «tan an table man-
ner, h" 1 't bound to drfend U The Senator com-
platnel i í Mr C firoareing him with warring
arimst tre new Sis. >= H^ had made such a
ohir e, and h> thought himself wananled by facts
to do se Ihe Senator, however, p'ead to his ju-
risdiction, and yet, m the very next breath, under-
t ok to defend him elf against the charge Mr C
did not claim ti he ihe Senator's judge, he was not
the judge, nor did he claim jurisdiction over him,
he was ths comp!r> riant, the Senator was the party
to be trrd, t io fue judge in Ihe case was the coun-
try, and to its decnon Mi. C would leave him
The Sena'cr muht attempt to coastitu e himself a
judge in tiis as m many other matters, but Mr C
s'iou!d apoeil to the people of the United States,
and tie memorial* of their Legtslatares What
did they sayt They .had applied to Congiess to
have ihe lands of inferior quality placed upon ¡heir
proper bass, they had remon.trated against and
censi i d the policy which ihat Senator advocated
The^ bid pa"sed upon the question, they had re-
peated th"ir remonstrances and memorial* for the«e
fifteen years pist, which fully'onftrmed Mr C in
the opinion he had expresse I Had not the Sena-
tor advocated principles directly in contradiction lo
the prayer ot these memorials' Had he not op-
posed the reduction of ihe pnce enen of the swamp
