£04
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
SSfixR Cong-.-2nd Sbss.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Fulton.
Senate.
every objection? It is proposed that the States
shall pay over the receipts from the lands quarter-
ly, monthly, or as they are received, or that they
should go directly into the hands of an officer of
the Government. As your present land officers are
citizens of the States, and you have found that you
can trust them with perfect safety, how can it be
suppo«ed that they would be less trustworthy, if
employed by the State, m the same service' The
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Smith] has justly said,
lhat the new States will receive much more under
tbe distribution principle, than under the cession
measure. Besides th'ir proportions of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, the distribu-
tion bill proposes to give to the new Slates 15 or
17^ per cent of the sales wuhm their limits, add
to this tha 500,000 acres of land proposed to be
granted, and you have a much larger sum annually
paid, than the 25 per cent, which the cession bill
proposes. But by the cession bill, the rights of the
new States, and their citizen*, pre to b  secured,
and these are objects e>f such vital importance to
them, that they are not be weightd in the balance,
against dollars and cents He regarded the propo-
sition to distribute the proceeds of the '-lies of the
public lands, as one of ihe most fatal measures to
the interests of the new State*, and, indeed, as de-
moralizing lo all ihe States, that had ever been
brought forward. It was a bad measure when the
Treasury was full, but now, when it is empty, and
our revenue is diminishing, to think of giving away
a part of that revenue, and to tax ihe people pio-
portionably higher, to nuke up the deficiency thus
created, teemed to him to be an act of extrava-
gance, if not of madness, which he was at a great
loss lo eomntehend. If, however, we must hive
money paid over to the States why not pay over
to them the 65 per cent, which the cession bill pro-
duces, and thus permit the new States to become,
in reality, free, sovereign, and independent mem-
bars of the Union1
But, sir, It tus k ok a little into this proposition
to distribute the proceeds of ihe salts of the publn
lands The Constitution never contemplated any
other ternlory as belonging to the United States,
excepting that lying in the forks ot the Ohio and
Mississippi, and that west of Georgia and north of
Florida, to th> Mississippi river The Connuu
ttongtvet> no authority t> ihe Cmgress er to the
Executive to purchase territory i rom a foreign
State. The purchases which weit mad", therefore,
from France ami Spam, were unronstituiionAl,<ind
only btcanie a part ot the Union by tnc acqui-
escence of the States untied
All the piovision. ot the Constitution relating to
the territory be longing to the Uni ed Stales red r to
this teintoiy, and, it is to tins t< rtitt ry exclusively
that the compacts entered into b lueen ihe United
States and certain Slates which tided their n^ht to
the waste land , applies Let us <ee what .lie the
provisions of these compact-. That < t Viigima,
so far as it relates to this subject, is in these wouls,
he was compelled to quote than, a though so < fien
quoted by other Senators-
'The Jctnds so ceded sh ill lie i msideie 1 is i coi nnon fun t
for the use and beneltl ol Muh ot Hie United States a  have
become, or Utah tiei oine members of tin ( onfeduation 01 fi
deia! alliance of sai I Matti, Yngliu n clu ivt a coi Ihüí to
then usual respective tioporiinni> m ill "uiualtliii"i ind<\
penditure and shall lie (aiihfuily ind inm fuh di-.pn.erl oí ni
thatpurpo e, and for no other viae ot puipi \c whats itvei
During tht. Confederation this Gi>v< rami nt was
supported by contributions from the Slates Con-
gress h?d no power to rare a revenue, therefore it
was agreed that the proceeds of the sales of ihe
lands ceded by Virginia, and mdecd all the Stites,
should be applied exclusively to tlaesnpport of the Con-
federation, in this v,ay ort'y could they lessen equally
the burdens of each of tneSta es By ihese compacts
these proceeds were set apart forever for the support
of the National Government, and it was expressly
stipulated that they shouid ne\ei 1 e applied to any
other purpose whatsoever All the S a'es then m
the Confederation, and all the St t°s that ha-se
come rato the Union since, are eqjaily oound by
this compact, (for the Constitution provide-, that
all such contracts ¡shall be binding upon the Unued
States,) and any attempt to apply ihese nroceeds
lo any purpose whatsoever, «xcept (he national
"charge and expenditure," is a palpable violation
of the compact.   The right to these lands was
never recognised as belonging to any one Slate by
the Confederation, ihey were claimed as a pur-
chase made by the common btood and treasure of
all the States. The compacts entered into by ihe
Confederation with the claiming Slates, were de-
signed to settle ihe controversy The proceeds
were, therefore, set apart as a "common fund," for
the common benefit of all the States then in,
or afterwards coming into the Confederation. The
States separately can have no right whatever to
these lands, they were ceded in full property to the
Confederation, on the express condition, that the
proceeds of the sales should be exclusively applied
to the support of the Confederation, and to no olher
purpose whatsoever The giving, therefore, of ihese
proceeds to the States, or its application to the
payment of State debts, would be directly in the
very face of these compactó The proceeds of
these lands were to be iorever applied to the sup-
port of this Government, and were intended lo
lessen, in proportion to their amount, the revenue
which Congress was authorized to raise from other
sources since the union, or by req ositions upon the
States during the Confederation It has been
pointedly asked, what would be done with the sur-
plus, if the lands yielded more than the Govern-
ment requited? The answer is, we must take care
of it, and if such a thing could be possible, lhat
we would never have use f r such a suiplus, it
would have to remain the property of tl e nafon,
precisely as other national property. Tne impera-
tive command of the compact i>, lhat th s fund
shall be bona fide applie 1 lo the suppoil of the Na-
titnal Government, and to no othT use or purpo-e
whatsoever The Senator fren Kentucky [Mr
Clay] compared this fund to a fountain belonging
t> a number of persons, and contended that each
of the proprietors would have a right to draw pails
of water from it, without doing injustice to either.
He contended that this fund might be more pro
p rlycompattd to a stream of water which had
been in dispute amongst a number of individuals,
aud who, to seille the dispute, hat entered into a
partneiship m oanying on a mill for their
common benefit, and, thereupon, those claim
ing the water course entered into a com-
pact with the cempany, by which they con-
veyed the water cour e to the company, upon
the expnss condition that the water of the «tteam
should be forever appropriated to th • uses
ot the null, and lo no othei purpose wlntst ever
Woultl ihe parties, witnout a dissoluitnol the
partnership, have a right to divert this stream to
their prívale benefit'! II  was satisfied lhat the
lands ceded by the Slates to ihe Confederation, ard
now beli ngmg to the United S ale's, could be di -
posed ol by Congress lor no othi i puroos-, except
lor the support ot ihe G ivernment The Constitu-
tion gives lo Congress the power to dispone of (hem
Ihe compact stipulates the purpose to which alone
ihe proceeds arc to be applied
It is conlended that tne t rm "dispose of," gives
unlimited power to Congress over the public lands,
an1 authorizes the Congress to apply the proceeds
to such objects and purposes as, in then discretion,
they may deem would be best ieir the country. He
contended that the power to "dispose of," gave
only ihe right to sell, and tl at the avsils of such
sales went into the Treasury, as oih°i revenue.
The very fi st at t of C ingress on this subject, pro-
vided that the proceeds oí such sales should go into
the Treasuiy But thi° pcwei t> dispose of was
expressly given in comphan  with ihe compac's,
and the words "dispose of," are taken from Ine
compacts The Virg.n a deed of ce=siun says, this
fund shah be faithfully and bon i fide disposed of, to
meet the common charge and expenditure, and for
no other purpose whatsoever Here, then, is the
purpose for which tnese lands v ere granted to the
United States, and here is the origin of the power
of Congress to dispose of ihe territory Hence it
was that the framers of the Constitution gave to
Congiess, m compliance with th"se compac s, the
power to dispose of the Territory of ihe United
States If the power to dispose ot the territory car
ues with it an unlimited power to make use of the
proceeds, vo also does, the power to lay and collect
t?xes, etc. give unlimited power to apply tha money
so raised at discretion.   He thought tt clear that
the claim of power in Congress to distribute the
proceeds of the sales of lands acquired by cession
trom the States, was in direct contravention of the
deeds of cession themselves, and contrary, also, to
the provision of the Constitution which gave to
Congress the power to dispose of the territory of
the United States. The amount would be so small
that it would not be worth contending for, if the
distribution is confined to the territory ceded by
the States The mam atgument applies only to
that territory, but the distribution bill covers all
the territory of the United States. How can it
be contended that the country purchased from
France and Spain—all the territory compie-
hfnded within the limits of Louisiana and
Florida—can be disposed of by Congress,
and the proceeds given to the States? This
country was purchased by the United States. It
was paid for with the money of the United States.
A part of the revenue raised to support the Govern-
ment had been applied to this purpose, and conse-
quently the property :>o purchased belonged to the
United States collectively, and not to the separate
States The proceeds of the sales of this terntory
consequently become a portion of the revenue of
the United States, and to distribute it among the
States, would be no less unjust than it would be to
lmpo=e duties upon importations to be so distributed.
It appeared to htm that these views, could not but
strike the minds of all who heard him as sound
and conclusive; and he therefore felt himself justi-
fied in expiessing the opinion, that if Congrcrs
attempts to distribute the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands, sold in the State of Arkansas,
that State would be bound to enter her solemn
proiest against ihf measure, as unconstitutional
and unjust But what was the bill to which this
proposition to distribute the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands is offered as an amendment' It was a
simple pre-emption bill, such as had been passed
rt peatedly by Congress, except that it operated
prospectively, and if it became a law, the settlers
who go upon, and improve the public lands, could
not afterwards be denounced as crimináis. It would
permit that to be done, which we cannot prevent
irom being done, and the doing of which
had, as he belipved, operated most beneficially for
ihe country These settlers go into the wilderness
and open the country for settlement—they bring it
to ihe notice of purchasers, and cause it to be set-
tled and sold, and they greatly enhance, by their
labor and improvements, all the public lands
which surround them So well satisfied of this
was the Congress wnich disposed of a million and
a halt of acres to the Ohio company, that they
grimed the company 100,000 acres upon the ex-
press ci ndition that it should be given (not sold at
the minimum pi'ce) to actual settlers, m tiacls of
100 acres to each settler If the price to be paid
by the settlers was much less than can otherwise
be obtained for the land, it would furnish some
cause for opposition on the part of those who look
mainly to the amount of money for which the pub-
lic lands are Hid. This, however, is not the fact.
The truth is, a cent or two over the minimum
price is all that is obtained for the public lands A
decoment íeceitly laid on the tables of Senators,
fully proved the correctness of this assertion. This
document proved that there had been sold, between
1833 and 1840, 65,843,807 87-100 acres of land.
Tne pmovnt realised from the sales so made, was
$72,269,749 53, being a little less than $1 27 per
acre—not quite two cents more than this bill re-
quires to be paid by settleis for their lands. Will
>ou drive the poor man from his home, and take
his cabin and cultivated field away from him,
ruher than give him a preference over the specula-
tor of two cents per acre in the purchase of his lit-
tle improvements Put your lands up at auction,
and what is the result? Why, sir, the moment you
issue your proclamation of a sale, the speculators
put their agents at work They obtain the numbers
of every valuable tract to be sold. They meet to-
gether at the sale. They form a company and
agree to bid off all the good land offered. They
accordingly purchase it at a fraction over ihe mini-
mum price, as th y hive no competitors imme-
diately after the public sale is over, they have an
auction amongst themselves, and each one pur-
