206                                                  APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____________        Feb. 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.                                     District Banks—Mr. Tappan.                                                              Senate.
to aid the mercantile interests of the country is left
ia undisturbed vigor. Nor can thi- be considered
as a party question both political parties have
joined in conferring these exclusive privileges upon
the banks; both have suffered by it; and many of
both parties have become satisfied that the evils of
oar banking system are very great, and ought to be
removed. All are interested m whatever improves
or deteriorates the currency. The party going out
of power, as well as the party coming into pjwer,
can have bo interest at stake which should induce
them, to grant the privileges asked for by these peti-
tioners. May I not hope and expect, then, that
this subject will be calmly discussed and fully exa-
mined, that the Senate may come to a correct judg-
ment upon the amendment proposed?
It is nece*saty to understand precisely what
those who petition for the passage of this law ask
for. Do they ask for the privilege of lending their
money at six percent or any other rate of inte-
rest? Not at all, for they have already full and
entire liberty to do this Do they ask to be per-
mitted to sell their individual notes, payable to
bearer on demand, or to lend them upon interest?
Not they. No law prohibits such traffic In this
District individuals may dispose of their notes as
they please, and the people of the ten miles square
may use such notes, written or engraved, fur money.
There is no law to disturb them. These are rights
and privileges the whole people enjo), but tins is
not enough for these pt titioners. If lett the advan-
tages common to all the citizens, ihey must be left
to all the common responsibilities They would
lose their highly prized monopoly They want
some advantages over their lellow men Ttie pow
er of levying a tax for their own u e is what they
want Tbi*. cannot be done without a charter, and
therefore thsy avk for a charter Tney pray Con-
gress to say to the world, that the business of mak-
ing paper money is a very meritorious business,
worthy of all patronage and encouragement, ami
that this small porti >i of the good people ot this
District are alone worthy of public trust and confi-
dence in carrying on that business, so that when
they get this sanction for then business and cha-
racter, having got a law punishing with fine and
imprisonment all others who, in this free and en-
lightened country, may attempt to carry on the
same business, they may drive out from circulation
the gold andsdver, and supply its place with their
notes, notes for which they <!nw n terest And as the
chartets sought to be revived do not limit the quan-
tity of paptr to be put m cticulation, those peti-
tioners propose that then ttxmg power slwll be as
extensive as the public credulity and their indus-
try in circulating their papei can make it
To what extent this taxing powei is used by the
banks, in this District, 1 have not the mi iins oi de-
teimimt.g. We have a report from th> StcicUry
Of the Tieasury, giving u„ som~ mfoimatiunuh.it
it is m the whole United States I doubt muih
whether the debasement of the com, resoled to
by some despotic princes m formei time'', to fleece
their subject, was ever as onerous a tax as is paid
with great cheerfuln ss by the American people,
fur the mere pleasure of using p ctares for money,
instead of the constitution il turn ncj Fiom the data
given by the Secretary, the ami unt must exceed
thirty millions of dollars per annum, an enormous
sum, making the currency ot the country cost more
than the Government ol uV country, including the
maintenance of out fleet and rrmy
In asking fir a revival of these defunct chatters,
these petitioners piay you to raise the value of their
property to an indefinite extent Those charters
authorize the issue ot pnper, without any limitation
of the amount In general, bank charters require
a certain amount of gold and silver com to be paid
xnto the bank, and allow the issue of paper to not
exceeding three times the amount oí -peeie so paid
in. Not so with these bank , they ate under no
obligation to keep any specie on hand, excepting
as they are required to pay ge Id and s'lver for their
notes at all times Nor is tiiere any thing bat the
demand for the articlem this market which, in any
way, limits the amount of paper they niay put m
circulation. It results from this state of things,
that while the mechanic, with his. one hundred
dollars in gold   and silver, can   purchase   but
one hundred bushels of wheat, the banker who
has subscribed his one hundred dollars to the stock
of a bank, may make one thousand paper dollars,
a id buy with it one thousand bushels of wheat.
His situation is even better than this, for he need
not keep his specie in bank—he may put in his own
note, take out the specie, and sell it for a premium
The difference between the mechanic, or other la-
borer, and the banker, then, is this the former has
to earn every dollar he expends, the latter has to
manufacture it, the former has no credit but what
his habits of industry and moral character give
him, the latter has a credit created by law. If a
farmer were to ask Congress to pass a law where-
by his bushel ot wheat should be held and account-
ed in all sales as three bushels, entitling him to re-
ceive for it the market puce of three bushels, it would
not be more absurd, in reality, than it is tor these
banittra to ask to have their money appreciated m
value But the farmer's petition might be granted
with safety, for men would not buy such wheat
It is only m the trade of bank paper that men fail
to estima'e the article at its real value There is
no danger that they will mistake a pint for a quart
measure, or Like twelve inches for a yard of cloth.
Another advantage sought by these petitioners
is, to be exempted from liability upon their con-
tracts. A bank is liable, as a corporation, nomi-
nally to the extent of ifs stock The individual
membtr* of an incorporated bank are liable only to
the extent of then subscriptions so that, if, for
every hundred dolíais <t stock rubscnbed, they
contract debts to the amount ot o ie thousan 1 dol
lars, and the bank fails, the su ciiholdeis lose only
the hundred dollars, the public lose the rest The
propelly purchased by the bankers w th their notes
cannot be taken by the holders of those note*, and
applied to then payment, unless the assets of the
bank will redeem its paper, the holders must lose
It E/ery member of society, excepting only the
banker, is held responsible for the payment of his
debts, the Uw exacts from him every c-nt of his
property, and even holds his future earnings liable
to the>r liquidation, but the banker is invited, by a
chartei of incoiporation, to engage m hazardous spe-
culations, to become a desperate gamblur in stocks
and merchandise and land'., and is told by that char-
ter that, il he fails to redeem his paper, the stocks and
merchatidi-e and lands he has purchased, shall not
be taken fiom him and given to his creditor ! Can
any thing in legislation be more iniquitous, hoi ling
out a premium upon villany, and rewarding dis-
honesty? It 11 this exemption from liability for
their debts which induces binkcrs to use such exer-
ts ns to obtain charters If they conduct their bu-
siness prudently, they would not is~ue more paper
than they had means to redeem Charac er and
credit, and a reasonable circulation for their paper,
might be obtained without a charter, and it bank-
ers weie honest, and intended to remain so, and
content themselves wall the sure ¿nd reasonable
piofits of a fan business, they would not ask for
charter^, they would no moie think of asking for
such exemption from liability than would the far-
mer, the msrehaut, or the mechanic
May we not ask what authority has Congies* to
gram such extenwve and valuable privileges to
these petitionel 1 It hi none—none whatever
JCvamine the Constitvtnn of the United Siatcs, and
you find there the power to com money an 1 legj-
late its value, butytu find no power, expieos or
lmpliee', to charter banks, or to authorize the
making of paper money It «as evidently intended
that Congress should have the enure power ovei the
currency o' the country, and they must have this
power, i r they cannot reguiate the vilue of the cir-
culating medium The power to rom the money
of the country is vested exclusively m CoBgrcs^
No part of it is reserved to the Stales, and do you
suppo-e sir—does any Senator suppose—that Con-
gress may delegate the power to com money, and
regulate its value, to the State'? may delegate it to
fifty or an hundred men in this District? No one
would pretend this and yet, by granting these bank
charters, you grant the power to regulate the value,
not of the gold and silver com of the counti/
merely, but o( all property I will not attempt to
prove what is known to every body. You cannot
keep gold and silver and paper in circulation toge-
ther—the paper always drives out Ihe gold and sil-
ver, and takes, its place. The gold and silver is
hoarded, or sold as merchandise, and paper becomes
the exclusive, actual circulating medium of the
country. Your power to regulate the value of the
only legal and constitutional currency of the coun-
try, has become impotent by j our own unwise le-
gislation, and the usurpations of the States, for the
States, although forbid to issue bills of credit, in
defiance of the maxim that power not possessed
cannot be delegated, have authorized by their laws
innumerable companies to make and vend bills of
credit—by the most manifest usurpation, have given
the entire power ever the currency of the country
to others, when they did not possess any portion ot
such power themselves
But the friends of this bill do not pretend to sus-
tain the power to charter these banks upon any
clause in the Constitution, but the one which gives
Congress the power of exclusive legislation over
this District This power is geneial, but it would
be a gross error to suppose that because the power
is general, it is, therelore, unlimited. It is limited
by the freedem of our principles of government, and
by the immutable laws of justice The people of
this District are citizens of a free and Democratic
Commonwealth, entitled to the most perfect equali-
ty of rights and privilege?. We have no power to
destroy this equality; we have no power to give to
one-sixteenth part ot the people the power of rais-
ing a revenue for their own emolument from the re-
maining fifteen sixteenths, we have neither power
to change this District into a monarchy, by placing
a master over it or an aristocracy with a nbsnd
at its bu1 on hole, or a pen behind its ear to tax it.
Snnpose that, i istead of a petition for the exclusive
privilege cf making the money of the District, we
wrre asked to giant tht^e men the exclusive right
of supplying all the fuel wanted here, and were
also a^ked to punish with fine and imprisonment
any person not of the privileged company who
should sell coal or wood—should we bear the Sena-
tor from Maiyland, [Mr. Mehiuck,] who is so elo-
quent in favor of these banks, tell us that the peo-
ple were asking "for their clear and undoubted
rights " and that to refuse this monopoly of fuel
"woul 1 be ru.nous to the trade and business of this
district?" I th nk not, and yet the supply of fuel
is as necessary as the supp'y of papir money; it
requires quite as much capital to purchase it and
bring it here for distribution, as it does to buy the
papei, the ink, and engraving for bank notes It
would not be as severe a'l infliction, I think, to be
compelled to use fold and silver for our money as
it would to do without fuel, and yet there is not a
Senator heie who would sustain such a petition—
not one, sir, but what would feel such a petition to
be a mockery But we have the same power to
grant the exclusive privilege m the one case as in
the other, and the s-'tne pretence of the public good
may be urged as strongly and as truly in both It
may go further if a chartered company is necessa-
ry to make the paper money of the District—if ca-
pital cannot be found in individual hands sufficient
for that business, then all business which requires
capital to carry it on, equally requires a charter for
that purpose, and equally requires D hive its ex-
clusive prui!eges guarded by fine and imprison-
ment. It is an utter perversion of justice in a State
pretending to be governed by equal laws, to give to
A and B ad vantages which are denied to C and D.
This injustice is not seen in the banking business
of the countiy, for habit has blinded us to its enor-
mous evils But let the proposition be made to
give the exclusive nght of supplying us with any
other article, and all men, except those who were
to be the privileged few, would unite in condemn-
ing it It would be seen at once that Congress had
no power to make such grants—no pictures of ruin
and desolation—no array of widow and orphan
stockholders would have power over our sympa-
thies, or would for an instant warp the public
judgement upon such a proposition.
Congress have power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, and excises, but they are not authorized to
deleg te this power of taxation. All the purposes
for   hich money may be raised by taxation, are
enumerated, the enriching of corporations is not
one of them.   Taxes can only be raised by Con-
