Feb. 1841.________________      APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                ________£0<
26th Cong—2nd Sbss.                                      Pre-emption Law—Mr. Hubbard.                                                               Senate.;
triet, and no want of money by those who had either
industry to labor for it, or commodities to pur-
chase it.
But the peopie of this District do not want these
banks revived. They are not anxious to recom-
mence the payment of an onerous tax to these
companief; they get along very well without them.
If it were not so—if they wanted the revival of
tfiese charters, why do they not say so? Why do
they not petition? There are about sixteen thou-
sand adult males in this District. About two hun-
dred of them have petitioned for a revival of there
bank charters. Two hundred ! With all the means
and appliances of the bankers, they have not been
able to get more than a small proportion of peti-
tioners ! Are not these facts conclusive that the
peopls of this District do not want banks? These
money changeis, casing themselves the people of
this District, remind me oí Robespierre: he spoke
in the name of the people of France; he called
himself the people; and he was the people, as
these bankers are the people of the District. The
rule cf these is as despotic, a" grasping, as was
his. There is this difference, however: Robespierre
sought power, and used it for the preservation of
public liberty; he bad nothing mean, sordid, and
selfish, in bis aspirations.
Mr. President, I entreat Senators to consider the
position they occupy in public estimation, when
acting upon this subject. It has been said, and it
is believed, that the borrower is the servant or
rather slave of the lender, it has been known that
members of Congress, in times past, were greatly
indebted to '.he late Bank of the United States;
and though the names of those debtors were sup-
pressed, it was a very general opinion that the
bill for rechartering that bank was passed by a
Congress of debtors to the bank. Fortunately for
the country, it wss vetoed by a man who could not
be corrupted. In the last report made to the
House of Representatives, it appears that members
of Congress were indebted to the banks in this Dis-
trict $87,600. The sum is not probably decreased
since. I presume that no part of it is due from
any member of this body; foi surely no Senator
would vote where he was directly interested. To
revive and prolong these charters is asked for, that
the banks may give time to their d- blors. A man in-
debted to the banks, and voting to extend their
charters, votes to give himself an extension of time
to pay what he owes them. I will not impute cor-
ruption to any member of this body. I will not
suppose that debtors to the banks here are passing
a law for their own benefit. Courtesy forbids this
supposition. But what will the people think, who
do not know your stem and unyielding integrity as
well as I do. There is danger, sir, very great
danger, that the character of this body will suffer;
that the people, who ¡tee what passes here—who
note the zeal which sustains the claims of the bank-
ers, and that, too, of men who profess to be Demo-
crats—who profess to consider, as their first duty,
a sacred regard to the ri h!s of all—whose leading
axiom is, that legislation, to be jus!, must be equal.
There is danger, I say, that the Símate will not
long retain that high and commanding station it
formerly held m the estimation of the people; but
will sink to the contempt that awaits the slaves of
corruption.
"What is thought and said of the Legislature of
Alabama—as pure a body of men, probably, as
this Senate—since it has been published to the
world that a majority of tr.e members of that body
are indebted to the bar.ks in sums eq;al to seven
or eight hundred thousand dollars? Has not some
special acts oí favor towards the banks been uni-
versally looked for from that body? I know none
of ihe gentlemen composing that assembly, and I
would not throw suspicion on their purity, but it is
to b« lamented that they have placed themselves in
so inauspicious a l'ght to their country.
Mr. President, we are under a bank govern-
ment; not merely by means of loans to legislators
is that government sustained, but the control of the
circulating medium of the country has given it a
commanding influence in. all the States. We have
seen the banks hold conventions to consult and de-
termine whether they shall longer continue to re-
gard their contracts, or treat them as of no moral
obligation; and whenever they have concluded to
disregatd them, and have refused the payment of
their just and acknowledged debts, they have al-
ways found the Legislature of the State obsequious
enough to their wishes to sanction such refusal.
Until recently it has been usual to suspend the .laws
for the collection of debts against suspended banks.
The obligations of all other citizens than the
bankers are left to be collected by the usual course
of law. With them, their convenience is permit-
ted to control all law and all moral principle. I
would change this course; aisd, as one great means
of changing it, I propose to separate, entirely and
forever, the Government from the banks. The al-
liance between them has long existed, to the great
injury of both. The banks have acquired power
and influence to overawe and control their needy
associate; but in gaining this power and influence,
they have played a desperate game, and are, now
breaking down with the exhausting results of that
unnatural connection. Let them stand on the same
level of equal protection with all other occupations,
and they would have no more power than the other
occupations have. With their exclusive privi-
leges, their exclusive power and influence would de-
part, to return no m.>re. If the banks lose, by this
operation, somewhat in profit, they would gain in
soundness, in character, and real stability and use-
fulness. Whether my proposed change of system
be adopted or not at this lime, is not of so much
consequence as that the subject should be understood.
Reform will surely follow a thorough knowledge of
our banking system. If I shall be found to have
contributed something to accelerate this reform, I
shall be satisfied.
PROSPECTIVE PRE-EMPTION BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. HUBBARD,
of new Hampshire:
In Senate, Tuesday, February 2, 1841.
The bill to establish a permanent prospective pre-
emption system, m favcr of setiers on tj|l public
lands, who shall inhabit and cultivate theSame, and
raise a log cahin thereon, was taken u^^me question
being on the motion of Mr. Crittenden to recom-
mit the bill, with instructions to report a bill for the
distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands among the States, which Mr. Young had
proposed to amend by a motion to substitute for it
the bill of Mr. Calhoun, proposing to cede the
lands to the States within which they lie, upon cer-
tain conditions,
Mr. HUBBARD addressed the Senate as fol-
lows:
Mr. President: 1 had not intended, until recent-
ly, to have addressed the Senate upon the impor-
tant questions now presented for their consideration.
It will be recollected (hat, at the Ian session of
Congress, m a speech which I thsn delivered upon
the assumption of the ¡State debts, I gave, some-
what at length, my views upon the subject of dis-
tributing the revenue of the Government among
the States. I was then opposed to the whole pro-
ject. I regarded it £s an open, flagrant violation of
the Constitution—as subversive of the true inte-
rests of the people. Subsequent reflection has only
confirmed the views then expressed; and I had no
intention of again entering upon the field of debate
in relation to the questions involved in this discus-
sion, until I h;ard the arguments in f.wor of the
contemplated distribution of thai portion of tha re-
venue derived -from the sales of ¡he public lands.
I must say that I gave to the honorable Senators in
the opposition, and to their areumenrs, the most
profound attention. I was anxious to hear what
could be said either in favor of the constitutionality
or of the expediency of this measure. And, sir, I
have been privileged to hear all that ingenuity and
learning, all that argument and ability could bring
to its aid; and I must say that I yet remain uncon-
vinced and unconverted. The distinguished Sena-
tors from Kentucky and Massachusetts have not
been able to satisfy my mind that Coi:gres bas any
more power, under the Constitution, to distribute
the revenue derived from the lands than it has to
distribute any other portion of the public means.
This subject, durtng the late Presidential canvass,
engaged much of the public consideration. It was
a most prominent topic wife the slump orators whV
were active to put out this and to put in another
Administration. This was the promised measure
of relief. It was this distribution scheme which
was to give life, vigor, and strength to the business
of the country. It was this which was to remoro
the embarrassments of the times, to reanimate the'
hopes, and to give confidence and support to the
people. It was urged as the favorite plan and ap-
proved purpose of those who are now coming into
power. It was contended that the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands rightfully belonged to,the
respective States; and it was unceasingly urged^ by
way of objection to the present Administration, that
its friends were known to be opposed to this whole
policy. I recollect well these things. I was no
stranger to these events—to the various charges
made against the Administration.
That was a contest of unusual violence and ac-
tivity; and I rejoice that, at this early day—so soon
after the termination of that contest—lhis self-same
subject is brought before the Senate of the United
States; that the people, notwithstanding what they
then heard from party politicians touching this sub-
ject, will te now privileged to read and consider all
that its most able advocates and friends can adduce
in its favor, as well as what may be said against it.
The whole ground will be examined; the reasons
for and against the measure will be understood:
and, reposing, as I do, entire confidence in the in-
telligence and virtue of the American people, I
have no doubt what will be their ultimate judg-
ment.
I am perfectly certain that I cinnot be mistaken
in the sentiments of the people of my own State,
in relation to this question. They have been re-
cently promulgated through her Legislature, and
I am happy to add, that in communicating to the
Senate my own views, as I purpose to do, I shall
but declare the wishes, the feelings, and opinions
of the people of New Hampshire.
Before proceeding further, may I not be per-
mitted to urge upon the Ssnate gravely to consi-
der what, at the present time, is the posture of our
public affiirs—of our foreign relations—of the
condition and state of our beloved country? And,
I would ask, is it fit that the Senate of the United
States should, at a time like this, be deliberating
whether any portion of our public revenues, eur na-
tional means, should be abstracted for any but for
public use? In the face of an empty Treasury,
and with a strong probability that, before the
close of the next Administration, we may be in-
volved in a war with one of the most powerful na-
tions in Christendom, is it the part of wisdom for
the Senate to be deliberating upon a propostion of
dividing among the States five millions of the ac-
cruing revenue, when our whole maritime frontier
from Maine to Florida is without the means of de-
fence? when our fortresses are without men and
without arms? At a time liks this, while Ports-
mouth, Boston, New York, and Philadelphia, are
exposed to the attacks of any enemy; while our
inland frontier is utterly defenceless, as not to be
able to resist the incursions of the ruthless savage;
we are seriously debating the question of ab-
stracting from the public use a portion of the
public revenue. Can this be judicious? Is it evi-
dence of that forecast, prudence, and discretion,
wheh ought to characterize the American Con-
gress? No sir, no. The time has come when it
becovnes us to pause and consider well our ways
and means. The news of the morning canto!
be calculated to quiet out apprehensions. Certain
it is, that it should not fail to excite our diligence.
News showing the complete, and triumphant suc-
cess of the armies of. Great Britain ■ in China-
news showing that she is now omnipotent in India.
"Nor has the British arms been attended with less
success in Africa, for Mehemet Ali seems now but
a British vassal."
Possibly these events "may have no unfavorable
effect upon the pending questions between this
country and Graat Britain," but it seems to me
that they will not tend to accelerate the adjustment
of the matters in controversy. I fully concur ia
the patriotic sentimeats recently communicated to
?he Legislature of Massachusetts by the present
