§14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cons. -«2nd Sess.
¿Pre-emption Bill—Mr. Hubbard.
Feb. 1841.
Senate.
hereafter jo a low rate was, therefore, desirable to
the great" mass of the people, because it was con-
fining taxes to a low rate;" and "by confining in
substance any future change to purposes of reve-
nue alone, and within twenty per cent, would im-
part greater permanence and prosperity even to
manufacturing, and with that to all other descrip-
tions of industry." From the whole tenor of this
report—from the state of popular opinion, which
is believed to exist upon this subject- -I am led to
the conclusion that a system ef ad valorem duties,
not to exceed twenty per cent, after the first of July,
1842, will be resorted to for the exclusive purpose
of collecting revenue, and will become the settled
policy of the Government. It is conceded that the
duties on imports will be reduced undertbe operaion
of the compromise act, before that expires in 1842,
five millions, leaving only ten roiuons of revenue de-
rived from customs. This deficit mast also be supplied
by creating new or increasing old duties. There
can be no doubt that the annual expenditures of
this Government, for years to come, will amount
at least to twenty millions of dollars. Fifteen < f
that twenty, at least, allowing the present sources
cf revenue to remain undisturbed, must be derived
from duties on imports. But if the coniempla'ed
revenue derived from lands be annually abstracted,
then the whole twenty millions must be collected
from imports. The Secretary of the Treasury, in
the report herein before referred to, proposes a
mode of supplying the defici«nry which would
necessarily be produced in the reduction of duties
tinder the compromise act before July, 1842. And
what is that mode? I refer to it to show the gro¡s
impolicy, if not the impracticability, of distribuís
the avails of the lands. An imposition of ad
valorem duties on articles not now subject to duty,
is proposed by the Secretary as the means cf sup-
plying the deficit; and the tables furnished by the
Secretary contain much valuable information.
The first gives ihs names and value of all fiee arti-
cle  imported into the United States in the)ear
1838, after deducting such of them as were ex-
ported; and the Secretary suggests that taking the
imports ef that year as a guide, and peihaps nearer
an average for some time to come than any other,
it shows that the value of all free articles entering
into the consumption of the country would amount
to $38,161,588. This was their value in 1838.
And an ncí «aforan duty of the maximum percentage
■would yield $7,632,317, as the gross amount of
revenue; subject, however, to all charges,
losses, expenses, and deductions, incident
to the process of collection, and to the
operation of the revenue laws; and when
we compare the gross amount of revenue with
•what finds its way into the public Treasury,
it would net be extravagant to estimate the nett re-
venue accruing at this rate of duty, upon the ag-
gregate vaiue of the importation of the free arti-
cles contained in the first list of the Secretary at
an amount not exceeding six millions of dollars.
It is true, the Secretary makes that estimate of
value after deducting such of the importations as
may be exported; but when a duty shall be imposed
on any article, the exportaiions of that article will
be increased. And as evidence that my conclusion
is correct, it may be statei that the gross revenue
on imports for 1838 was $20,114,164, while the
nett revenue was only $16,158,800, a deduction of
one-fifth in the whole amount, which is very near
the proportion I have assumed. From the gtoss
revenue on the value of importations as before
stated, at arate of duty of twenty percent, advahrem,
one-fifth part must be deducted to satisfy draw-
backs, bounties, charges, and expenses. I shall
have occasion to refer to this matter again, for the
purpose of illustrating thseffect,in a pecuniary point
ef view, which the proposed distribution will have
upon the pockets oí the people. For it should be
borne in mind that it is the amount of gross reve.
aue that is drawn from them. My object m referring
to this matter at this time is merely to show that an
imposition of an orf valorem duty of twenty percent.
on the long list of all the free articles imported into
the United States in 1838, will yield a nett revenue
for the use of the Grovernment, of six miilions of
dollars, and if the same rate of duty, is made ap-
plicable to all other importations, the whole amount
of revenue, derived from imports, will not exceed
annually sixteen millions of dollars—taking the
value (f the importations of 1838 as the basis of
my calculations. If to this amount ¡s added the
ordinary receipts from the sales of the public lands,
the whole revenue will not exceed twenty millions
of dollars, indispensably necessary for years to
come, as experience wilt verify, for the economical
support of this Government. It is true that the
receipts from the public lands from 1835 to 1839
both inclusive, amounted to $55,492,956, making
an average of over eleven millions per year—but
that was a season of extravagance and speculation.
The whole amount cf receipt* from the lands from
1811 to 1824 inclusive, was only $21,150,680, ave-
rage only a million and a half per year. The
amount from 1825 to 1829, the sales averaged less
than a million and a half a year, and the whole
amount < f receipts from 1830 to 1834 inclusive,
was $16,988,835, averaging for each year less than
three millions and a half, and the receipts for 1840
will not exceed three millions; Snd averaging the
whole receipt  from 1811 to 1840, the annual avails
will fall short of three and a half millions of
dolíais.
I therefore think that I am correct in assuming the
fact, that for years to come not over four millions
annually will be atldedfto the'revenues from this
source. The Secretary, in the same repott, adds
that a. duty on his entire list of f-ee articles, of 15
per cent, will yield a nett revenue not far from
five millions tf dollar;—'he sum required to
provide for the re decon of duties under the com-
promise act. The Secretary bases his calculation
on the ground ihut there will be no drawback*, and
that the charges will amount, to over «700 000.
The exact duty on the value of the ímpoiutions m
1838, at fifteen per cent, would amount to the sum
cf $5,724,237; making the expense of collecting
from dulirs, a nett revenue of live millions of dol-
lars, the sum of $724,237; an estimate, in my judg-
ment, too low, as I think mus.t appear from a fair
comparison between the gross amount of the reve-
nue arising from duties with the neti for any given
number cf years, after making proper deductions
for debentures. But the Secretary adds, that this
entire list of free du'ies includes some which should
be subject to a less duty than even fifteen per cent,
for the reason that they will not bear even that
duty; andtheref'oie he suggests that "another mnele
of raising the same amount of revenue would be
preferable;" and to that end he proposes to select
from the free articles these which may be regarded
most as luxuries, though not in every respect be-
longing exclusively to that class; and he hasgiven
to the Senate a second table in h:s report, contain-
ing the entire list upon which he proposes to assess
this maximum of per cenlage in the way of duties.
The valuation of these free articles, according to
the importation of 1838, it will be seen by n ft-rring
to this list, a copy of which I have subjoined,
amounts to $29,026,448; and being made subject to
a duly of twenty per cent, after paying the expenses
of collection, would yield about the same amount
of five millions. In this estimate of charges, the
Secretary approximates nearer to the tiue amount
of expenses. The twenty per cent, duty on the
value of this list of importations, would make
$5 805,289, making the expenses exceed $800,000.
But I propose, to some exlent, to analyze jhis list,
in order to show what the effect would be upon the
people of my own State.
But it should not be forgotten that these various
estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury are
made with a view to supply a deficiency in the
Treasury which will happen before the first of July,
1842, on account of the reduction of the existing
tariff of duties anterior to that period. Tvvo
and a half millions will fall off the first of Janua-
ry, 1842,and two and a half millions on the 30th of
June, 1842, leaving a deficit of five millions in the
revenue from this source, should there be no change
in the tariff. These estimates are not submitted to
the Senate for the purpose of supplying a deficien-
cy in the revenue, which wouid be occasioned
should the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky be adopted. Although it so happens that the
friends of the distribution policy propose to rosort
to a taxation upon the same description of articles,
in order to bring back to the Treasury that which,
under their distribution scheme, they propose to
distribute. It will be necessary either for the Se-
cretary or for the friends of the proposed amend-
ment to give up their favorite mode of raiding re-
venue. It will not serve both. It will prove in-
sufficient to supply the means which will be re-
quired by the Secretary, and by those who seek to
reduce the revenue, five millions to divide among
the States.
Selection of certain free articles consumedin 1833.
Silk and manufactures of                                      $7.897,343
Silk and worsted             ....      1,520,154
Worsted «Miffs.....3.878 941
Linen?, bleached, &c.   .           .                       .       3,098,557
Ticklenburgs,&c.....333,024
Sheetings             .....          148,554
Bolting-cloths.....20,538
Wool, undei 8 cents per lb.      .           .           .          438 669
Crude saltpetre  .....          119,606
Animals (not for breed) .           .           .           •          15(1,219
Pura(undiessed)             ....          300,045
Coffee......7,138,010
Tea          .......       2,559248
Copper, in pig? .....          812,170
sheeting             ....          526,792
old.....78,590
«29,026.448
The above contains the list of free articles upon
which the Secretary proposes that a duty of 20 per
centum ad valorem should be imposed, for the pur-
pose of raising five millions of dollars, to provide
for the deficiency in the revenue which will be pro-
duced by the operation of the existing tariff system
before July, 1842. Upon the supposition that this
proposed duty will raise the sum required to be
drawn from imports, which, with, the sum now de-
rived from Ihe sales of the public lands, will pro-
duce a revenue sufficient, for the ures of the Go-
vernment, economically administered, I would ask,
how is the deficiency to be supplied, if all that part
of the revenue derived from lands shall be abstract-
ed from public use? This is the sum ard substance
of the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky. And how is that deficiency in the reve-
nues of the Government to be supplied? Will the
friends of this policy presume to recommend that
the ad valorem duties on the beforementioned free
articles shall be doubled? No, sir; they will not
dare to introduce such a proposition. The very
existence of such an onerous duty will defeat the
very object intended. Instead of increasing the
revenue, the effect will be to reduce it; for by in-
creasing duties upon articles of mere luxury, you
will either prevent their importation altogether, or
else you will introduce them by an illicit trade.
The effect upon the revenue in both cases would be
the same. Impose a high duty, for instance, on
silks—will silks be imported? Their use will be
abandoned, or they will be smuggled into the coun-
try. But let us see what will be the direct effect
upon the consinvrs of the 20 per cent, ad valorem
duty on teas, coffee, and silks, as proposed by the
Secretary. Sir, since I have been in Congress, the
duty on the two first dexribed articles has been en-
tirely removed. And why so? For the reason that,
so far from being luxuries, they were regarded by
the great mass of consumers as the conveniences,
if not the necessaries, of life. What article among
the long list of importations enters more univer-
sally into the consumption of the country than tea?
It is now a free article. As it is proposed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, in his report, to pre-
serve the policy and the principle embraced in the
coaipromii-e act, to establish a tariff of ad valorem
duties, it will become necessary to revive again a
duty on teas and coffee for the purpose of revenue.
The value of the teas imported into our country in
1838 was    -           -           -           - $2,559,246
The value of coffee    -          -           -    7,138,010
Making in all           -           - $9,697,256
It is proposed to assess hereafter an ad valorem
duty of 20 per cent, on the value of these importa-
tions.    That duty would yield annually in revenue,
$1,939,451
To this should be added the charges and
expenses incident  to the   collection,
which cannot be estimated less  than
10 per cent.   -                                       $193,945
Which, together, make an aggregate of
