í*eb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cowg-.-2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr, Hubbard.
&Í8
Senate.
dunes and charges on teas and coffee of $2,133,396
Adding nearly one-fourth to the cost of their im-
portation—thus imposing an indirect tax of 25 per
cent, upon all the teas and the coffej which enter
into the consumption of the people. Let it not be
said that this is a tax which operates exclusively
upon the rich. No, sir: it is a tax which hears
upon the consumer, be he rich or poor. In New
England—certainly in my own State—these ani-
eles are of very general use Scarcely will you
find a family in. the whole range of New Hamp-
shire that is not in the habit of using daily these
essentials of life, as they are regard°d by our peo-
ple. But this is not all Among the list of free
articles, upon which it is proposed to impose a duty
of 20 per cent for revenue, are bilks and the manu-
facture of silks The value of the importations in
1838, of that description of goods, was $7,897,343
The value of silk and worsted goods  -    1,520,154
Making             -           - $9,417,497
A duty of 20 per cent, on this amount, would
yield           .... $1,883 499
Add to this the charges at 10 per cent.      188 349
Making an aggregate of           - $2,071,848
And I would ask if this indirect tax bears exclu-
sively upon the rich1 No, sir- far otherwise. Is
there any man so ignorant of the habits of our peo-
ple as not to know that silk-i are used by our coun-
trywomen generally, if not universally? And it
could not fail to occur to me that when it was pro-
posed to a«se^s a duty on silks that it was intended
to compel the great body of the consumers to use,
as a substitute, the fruits of our own manufacto-
ries—to substitute the muslin of our own workshops
ior the silks of Prance. There could not be se-
lected from the long list of free articles any jpon
which an imposition of duty would operate more
oppressively upon the people of my own Slate than
those I have enumerated, except that most obnox-
ious of all duties, a duty upon salt, that indispensa-
ble necessary of human lite—a duty which has al-
ready brought $23,000,000 into yout Treasury, and
which it would be as difficult to sustain by argu-
ment as it would be to sustain the justice of a tax
upon the water we drink, or the air we breathe.
Let it not be understood, sir, 'hat I am opposed
to this system of ad valorem duties for the purpose
of collecting revenue. It may be more equal and
just than any other tariff of duties And in re-
ferring to the particular articles which are to be
made subject to duty in the new order of things, I
have only intended to show the effect which such a
duty would produce upon my people. I have only
intended to show that it is a tax upon the poor—
upon the working classes of the country—and not
exclusively uoon the rich as some have supposed.
But even such a tax would be borne without a
murmer by the people, were it necessary to i aise
revenue for the support of their Government And
should it become important after the expiration
of the present compromise act so to regulate the
tariff as to confine the duties hereafter to be im-
posed within twenty per cent on articles of im-
portation, instead of a wid  range of thirty, fitty,
eighty, and a hundred per cent, and more—at times
previously in practice and frequently for protec-
tion, it would furnish no ground for complaint—it
would probably, in its consequence, be productive
of the greatest good. And any regulation after
1842 which may be nectssary to carry out this po-
licy, which, even if it lead to the imposition oí du-
ty on teas and on coffee, will receive public sanc-
tion if the object be pubUc revenu , and all the
revenue of the Government shall be faithfully ap-
plied to that same object.
But what does the amendment propose? That
we shall give away to the States—that we shall scat-
ter to the four winds of Heaven five millions of the
public revenue annually—and that the deficit shall
ha supplied by a tax on these same luxuries, as
they are called. No member ef this S«nate, and
no sound reflecting man of this country, will, for a
moment, suppose five millions can be collected on
the list of free articles hereinbefore named. The
whole deficit in the revenue, as well as that occa-
sioned by the reduction of the duties in 1842, as
that occasioned by the distribution among   the
States, cannot be supplied m the mode named by
the Secretary of the Treasury. Will the people of
this coun ry submit to the most unequal and op-
pressive system of taxation which has ever'1 yet
been invented by the wit of man, to supply a defi-
cit in the Treasury occasioned by a distribution of
the avails of the public lands among the States?
They will never willingly submit, for such a pur-
pose, to an annual tax upon teas and coffee, of
$1,939,451
upon silkc, &c.           ...   1,883,499
Which, with the addition of the charges
and expenses of collection, &c. of   -      382 294
Making an aggregate of          -           - $4,205,244
to be drawn year following year from their pockets
as the consumers of these essent.al articles of life.
It has been said, in argument, that the expenses
and charges ot every description necessarily inci-
dent to the collection of the revenue arising from
ihe sales of our public lands exceeds 20 per cent.
And the amendment proposes—after all these ex-
penses shall have been incurred—after the nett
avails shall have been placed in the Treasury—
that the amount shall be taken therefrom and given
to the Stater, and that a like sum shall be drawn
from the people for public use. Does it not occur
to every man that this very operation imposes a
tax of from one and a half to two millions per an-
num, in the shape of charges and expenses, upon
the people, and this without yielding the slightest
benefit to any one? If five millions, when collect-
ed, could be distributed to the people upon the same
fixed ratio, and a like sum could be taken from
them upon the same ratio, without charge or ex-
pense, no injustice would be done But it would
be such an extraordinary operation, as would have
nothing but its novelty to recommend it. But the
principle rests on no such measure of equal justice.
The proposition is first to collect into the Treasury
(say five millions) the proceeds of the public
lands, and pay all the charges and expenses
of collecting, making a million more; then
take and divide among the States the five mil-
lions, and turn around and collect from the peo-
ple, by a tax on imports, revenue sufficient to
replace tha five millions in the Treasury, and
pay all charges, which cannot amount to less than
a half million more. I have said that this amend-
ment, if carried into full effect, would operate
most oppressively upon the people of my State.
Thp great articles of necessity which now enter
into their consumption, pay an annual duty equal
to one-third of revenue derived from imports.
In 1836, the duty on salt was           -       $504,111
In same year the duty on sugar       -      4,396,986
In same year the duty on iron          -     2,180,650
Making the sum of           -           -    $7,081,847
In the year 1837, the duties on the
same articles amounted to            -       6,049,053
In the year  1838, the dut,es on the
same artic'es amounted 10             -      5,378,979
In the  year 1839, the duties on the
same arlicles amounted to             -       7,114,178
The tables with which I have been furnished,
show the precise duty on each of the articles for
each year; but the proportion is very nearly the
same in each, as that given in 1836, and the result
ot the whole matter is, that nearly one-third of all
the revenue derived from customs, is derived from
these three articles of indispensable necessity. Add
to the^e the duty on molasses, and more than one-
third of the revenue is annually collected from the
consumers of these four nece svies of life. And
who are the consumers of these dutiable articles?
Certainly the people of my own State, m a much
greater proportion to- the whole consumption than
her population bears to the population of the whole
couniry. And why do I say so? Because no one
of these essential article', to any great extent, is
manufactured within the limits of New Hampshire.
While Pennsylvania makes her own iron—while
New York manufactures not only the salt con-
sumed within her limits west of Utica, but also
most of that consumed in the States northwest of
the^Ohio—while Louisiana .manufactures her own
sugar, the people of Kew Hampshire ate compelled
to consume articles of this description, the produc-
tion of foreign countries, and subject to their od1_
ous, unequal, and oppressive system  of indirect
taxation.   There can be no doubt, then, that the
people of my own State, from their peculiar location,
pay more than their just proportion ot the revenue
derived from customs.   But this is not the only
burden connected with this matter, which the peo-
ple are compelled to bear, by the operations of this
system of indirect taxation.  Let me illustrate. The
gross revenue derived from the duty on salt from
1789 to 1838, both inclusive, amounts to $28,780,-
754; and withm that period of time, there has been
paid from the National Treasury, m bounties and
allowances, $7,119,093, leaving only a nett  reve-
nue from this source of $21,876,101.   While the
people, the actual consumers of this article, were
compelled te pay, m the way of duties, the whole
amount of the gross revenue, it results that only
three-fourths of that amount finds its way into the
Treasury for general use; and so it is with all the
duties and taxes imposed for the purpose of reve-
nue.     The gross exceeds  the nett revenue from
twenty to twenty-five per cent, per annum; and it
is the gross revenue which is collected from the peo-
ple.    That is the description of revenue assessed on
foieign merchandise; and on that amount is charged
and paid back to those entitled, not only all draw-
backs, but all bounties.    Besides, there is paid out
of this amount, before the nett balance goes into
the Treasury, all the real and legitimate expenses of
collection    The merchant charges for his goods to
the purchaser from him, and he to the people an
additional price equal to all which is asssssed, as
the importing merchant has to pay all which is
assessed to ihe United  States.     I  have   taken
the gross revenue for four years commencing with
1836,1 and compared it with   the  nett revenue,
that the people may understand the burdens they
are made   to   bear.      I    have ascertained the
gross revenue derived from customs for the years
1836, 1837,1838 and 1839, and they make an ag-
gregate of $95,350,482.   This, it is true, is liable
to large reductions by debentures and drawbacks
upon importations, but that is the amount assessed
upon  the people.    I have  also  ascertained the
nett   revenue derived  from imports for the same
years, and it amounts to $73,875,856, and making
a difference of $21,474,556, a sum drawn from
the people under this system of unequal taxation.
It will be seen that the average nett revenue for
each year, from customs, is a little less than twenty
millions, and if this sum  is f urly apportioned to
the population of  the whole country, it will be
found that for the years  I  have mentioned each
man, woman and child would have to pay annually
not less than $1 25 per head; if the gross revenu*
should be  thus apportioned it would exceed that
amount.    The   proportion   of  New Hampshire
would have been, for each year, over $350,000.
With the present redaction of duties, including all
charges and expense, if divided according to the
population, it would impose a per capita tax of a,
least one dollar per annum. The proportion then ot
the import duties of New Hampshire,wouldnowbef
according to that estimate a tax of $285 000 annu-
ally.   In a pecuniary point cf view let us see how
New Hampshire would stand.  She would receive,
if five millions should be distributed, according to
the ratio named, (the number of rgpresentatives
m both Houses in Congress) about $119,000, and
the tax which she would have to bear, m first col-
lecting five millions from the public lands for dis-
tribution, and then  collecting five millions on im-
ports to supply the deficit, estimating the charges,
losses, and all expenses for such an operation at
two millions of dollars, which is much too low, if
the Secretary of the Treasury be correct in the es-
timates contained in his tariff report, would amount
to not less than $170,000, making a dead loss to
the State of at least $50,000 annually.   But this
is not all.   The injustice of a tax upon imports
renders that system of taxation peculiarly objec-
tionable, unequal and oppressive to the people of
my native State.
The consumer, all admit, has ultimately to pay
the duties on imports. Is this a tax on property?
No, sir,lit may with much more truth be denomina-
ted a poll—ajsersonal—a per capita tax. I am fami-
liarly acquainted with a single individual residing
A
