S16
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th CokG""2nd Sess.
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
in the town adjoining the one in which I live; he
has a family, and is a man of large "property. I
will take fifty families in this same town, the ag-
gregate of whose wealth would not equal his, and
yet each one of those families consume as much
tea, as much salt, as much sugar, as much molas-
ses, and contribute as much towatds the revenue
derived from customs,as the individual referred to.
This is not a solitary case; they are of common oc-
currence. And can any man say, with a know-
ledge of these facts, that an impost tax is not a
most unequal, and, consequently, a most unjust
tax upon ihe people? 'The mechanics, the working-
men of the count™, are ihe consuméis of your du-
tiable articles. Toe men of modérale esta es—'he
farmers and laborers, wiih tbeir families, are
among th>ve who consume the necessaries, and
many of them what are called the luxuries ot Ufe.
In my own town I know an individual who earns
his daily bread by his daily labor, yet consumes in
his family a grea er amount of articles subject to
duty than my neighbor worth a halt a million of
dollars. It is ihe inequality in op-ra ion of this
tax on imporis that renders it oppressive, and
should never incline Csngress to resort lo it, except
for the purpose of revenue But sir, entirely dif-
ferent is that pornon of Ihe revenue derived from
la^ds—that pertton which it 11 now proposed to dis-
tribute among ihe ¡-tales, thus increasing the bur-
dens of that portion ol th« community now op-
pressed. That is a tax upon property, the poor
man feels it not, he goes mio the wilderness of the.
West, pays his two hundred dollars for his quaiter
section, and gets a good bargain It is a source of
revenue which should be carefully protected, for
every dollar thus collected is a direct benefit to the
other tax payers—the consumers of dutiable arti-
cles It would be a most happy state of things
could every dollar of revenue wanted for the use
of the Government be derived from the public
lands. I am in favor ot a tax on luxuries, but I
would impose that tax in order to do something
like equal justice to all the ux payers Tha'
would to some extent operate as a tax upon proper-
ty, and if the Senator from Massachciseits is ready
to go alorg with n.e to do substanti U just ce to the
pee pie ot his native Stale, I woul 1 say to him,
■while you impose taxes upon luxuries, take taxes
off from the necessities of hie, while you are dis
poi ed to colled revenue from the rich, take from
the poor the burdens which bear them down This
would indeed be justice, and substantial justice.
If I had time, ihpre is one view ot this tub] -ct
upon which I should like further to enlarge, and
tliat is, the pecuniary effect which the distribution
to the States would produce upon the pcop'e
Docs it not occur to every person, that while you
make the proposed distribution to the Stales, you
confer no general benefit upon the people? If, for
instance, the share assigned te Indiana goes ti re-
lieve her to that extent from her indebtedness, is it
not manifest that such an application of the fund
would be an unequal tax upon the poor, and for
the benefit of the rich? If the debt of Indiana were
to be difcharged by the means of direct taxation
up*n her people, the property of the Siate m such
a ease would bear the but den, but if any portion of the
debt «hall be discharged by duties or imports, then
the effect would be to tax ihe consumers of the du-
tiable articles—not a tax upon property, but upon
consumption—a most unequal, and, consequently, a
most opprtssive tax. There is no way that L\e\v
Hampshire could appropriate her distributive share
so as to produce equality and justice in its opera-
tions upon her people. If the principal be funded,
and the interest be annually applied for the sup-
port of the State Government, is it not apparent
that the principal, in such a case, would be sup-
plied by the unequal contributions of the pooi?
And such would be the effect if the amount was
funded, and the interest applied for the support of
our schools. These funds are now raised by a tax
on property. But if supplied in the mannet I have
named, does it not at once occur to eveiy man that
the same would be produced by the odious and op-
pressive tax imposed upon the consumption on this
occasion. But, Mr, President, if the fund should
be apphtdfor State internal improvements—for the
construction of a railroad upon the banks of the
Connecticut—would the benefit conferred to the
People «f my Siate be ji proportion to their contri-
bution ? JVo, sir; the ci izens remo'e from the im-
provement would derive no earthly advantage by
any such application of the fund. That portion of
her population who reside on her granite hills—
among the fastness* s of her mountains—so far
from realizing a benefit from any such appropria-
tion of the fund, wou'd be compelled to bear an
increased taxation to advance the interests of rich
individual and rich corporations. But, Mr Presi-
dent, I cannot pursue this subject further on this
occasion.
Upon the sxpediency of now providing for the
distribution among the States, of that portion of tne
revenue derived fro n the spies of the public lands,
I I ave to add, that smile ihe balance exists asainst
the lands, ai d in f ivor oí the Treasury, no measuie
could be more urjus J ri0 n0i puipuse to go into
thr consider, non oí that master. On a former oc-
casion I attempted to perform that duty. The re-
sult of my ralcu'Ktions at that ti 1 e sho ved that the
Treasury was grea ly in advance. And the calcu-
la! oís wh'ch were recen'lv presented by the hono-
rable Senator from New Yoik, confirms, to some
extent, my own results. At all even s t'iere can be
no doubt ihat upon a full, a just, and hon st ex-
pose of th' account current b-tneen the Treasury
and the public lands, millions would be found due
to ihe Treasury Would there ihen be, sir, any
semblance oí jusiic n di tribu ing this part of the
public revenue-, vhen ihe money drawn Irora the
pockets of the p op'e '01 thepcquiMtion of tKe pub-
lic domiin has not been remibui seel—and drawn
too by ihe unequal opera ion of taxes on íropor's?
I place this fact before the Senate, and I would ao
peal to their sense of jus'ice whether they are pre-
pared to distribute the proceeds < f the lands among
the Slates before the co->ts and charges incurred in
acquirme and preserving them shall have been paid.
It was due to the subj >ct—it was due to the people,
that this particular matter of receipts and expendí-
ltures shou'd be exhibited—that the account be-
tween the Tn. a^ury and the lands should be stated
It hai been do'ie by the honorable Sena'or from
New York, and I thank him, and the country will
thank him ioi the exhit.t. Independent of every
other consideration, with a kuowledee of ihe fact of
there being?, great balance due to the Treasury
from the lands, I would not part with ihe control of
the proceeds ot the sales. I would hold them for
the use, the benefit, and the mteiest of the whole
people, to whom thi y rightfully belong I wou'd
do this, wl erever tin application of their own
means ha;e added to the Union an extensive do-
main. And lint 1 these means shill be reimbursed,
it would be unjust to the gieat body of the tax-
payers to distribute the pertion of the public reve-
nue dtrived from 1 nds
Mr President, the State in wmeh I íesii'e asks
no favor., of iht < son at in  hands ot Congress S ¡e
has regarded this Government as consti uted (or a
wholly different purpose than to dispense chanties
to the different membeisot the Confederacy. New
Hampshire hat, looked upon this Government as
deriving all its force—all its erergy, and all Us
power from the people—as most emphatically a
Government ol the ppople. She regarded the pub-
lic revenues as the voluntary contributions of the
true sovereign-, of this Republic New Hampshire,
I am happy to -av, is a non debtor Sate But
unlike JNo'rth Carolina ?nl Delaware she
has no ample funds in re-eve for her usa
No, sir, sh" is think Gol, free jrom debt.
Her ns'ituuons ¡"e supported by the contri-
butions of h-r people, year following year.
They know tha v due of their Government
because it receives its support, its life and bnng,
from the revenues de ived from the direct taxaaon
of her people. Sir, it is mat'er of gratificat on to
us, that we have no such ample means in reserve,
upon which we can draw for the suppoit of our
schools, our highway , and of all the other institu-
tions oí our Commonwealth, In proportion to our
populition and territory, there is not a State in this
Confederacy whose affairs are conducted with more
economy, or whose administration inspires- more
confidence Her primary schools, her literary in-
stitutions, are her pride, her boast, and her honor;
and whether, according to the judgement of the Se-
nator from India >a, [Mr. White,] ' her people
read right books" or not, it 1  enough for me to
know that 'hey not only read, but think and act for
themselves, and it would have been better for In-
diana if she had imitated the examp'e of the Gta-
nite State, extended her system of education, and
avoided that evil with which she is visited, a State
debt. New Hampshire, as a Sla e, would not re-
gard her share m the distribution of the public reve-
nue as a favor conferred. No, sir, she would look
upon it a« a curse. Sir, I have some feeling,
some little information upon ¡ins very subject. I
voted for tha deposite ac of 1836. I felt it to be
my bounden duty at the time, looking tJ the per-
msnent security of our public revenues. New
Hampshue then received her share of the deposite
made undo1 'hat act, and it his proved any thing
but a blesrf-.g to my p eple. While the principal
is held sacred, at ibis ver> moment, for the use ct
the General Goveromen*, yet its primaty di=po> -
lion d'S'urbcd the harmony of our legislative as-
sembly, and the disposition of tue accruing inte-
rest neither fertilises cur soil, enriches is owners,
or improves the character and con iuton of our
people. Sir, knowi g as 1 do the efuct whieh has
been produced in mv oun S'alc by the deposite of
the public funds, m 1836 7, n her Tieasury, I have
cause to lament, and deeply do I lament, that I
ever gave my vote in favor of the deposite act of
1836 No consideration, sir, could now tempt me
to dj the like again Looking to ihe prosperity,
to the industry, to the happiness and well being of
the ¡re iple of my State, I can give no support to
this distribution measur . I w «Id not inflict upon
them, a s corid time, such a curse
Mr. President, thde stems to be a delusion upon
this vhoie suljoct. Why, I would a k, shall we
distribute anion tha States any portion of the pub-
lic revenue1 Why make sueh an abstraction from
the public Treasury? Why d vide with ons hand
and exact wita the other? Why send ¡onh to the
States your publ c treasure on one day, and on 'he
next send among the people youi tax gatherers, to
collect and to return to the Treasury ihat of which
it has been thus wantonly and rashly despoiled'
Why should all these things happen?
Mr President, it would be difficult to give such
an answer to these inquiries as will satisfy the Ame-
rican people If we distribute the revenue among
the Sta'es, we shall take one fatal step towards
the de-iiruction of their ¡mint of lofty independence,
and reduce them to the degrading condition of ser-
vility and dependence upo-i the General Govern-
ment Tfm "s not ah. if we dis nbute the revenues
ai ong th" Sta'es, we sha'l not only destroy their
pide aid love of liberty, but we shall piral j ze
the entrgKS and efforts of the people themselves.
M> f're^ident, it is less lhan a year since
I addressed this Senaie upon this very ques-
tion of distributing the public revenues. I
tn n portrayed the c nsequence of the mea-
suie upon the States and upon the people.
I can add nothing neiv I have given to this
subject all the consideration wh'ch its importance
demands I have given to  t my best thoughts—
my best reflections;. And I would not now wish to
gainsay any th ng in relation to th s proposition
which I said in my speech upen the assumption of
the State debts on February 7,1840 1 cannot sup-
por this measure. I regard it as destructive of the
¡nebpendence of the States—as ten Mg to corrupt
and degrade the people—as subversive of theg^eat
objects of this Government—a3 conflictins with the
plain provisions of the Cons'aui on—as dangerous
to popular liberty—as uneqja', unjast, and oppres-
sive m Us consequences upon tne tax payers of the
Eepubhc.
Mr. President, in all human ptobabiiity this is
the last time that I shall address the Senate of the
United States upon this momentous question, as
my place in this body will soon be occupied by
ano'her. With deep reluctance have I, even at
this time, trespassed upon the patience of this as-
sembly. I was aware that the subject had lost
much of the interest which was excited st the com-
mencement of the debate I was aware that the Se-
nate had become tired of the discussion. I was aware
that I came forward under every discouragement.
