di8                                        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3 an. 184L
26th Cong.-."2nd Sess.
to the old Congress of the Confederation, and it is
upon the assumption of this fact that the argument
is rested, which deduces from trios* cessions the
power of the present Government, acting under a
Constitution since adopted, to distribute the reve-
nue arisiDg from all the lands among the Slates in-
dividually. But, sir, all the lands were never so
ceded. On the contrary, the greater part he far
beyond what were ever the utmost limits of the
ceding States, and were purchpsed by th s, from
foreign Governments, since the Constitution was
adopted. Here, then, whilst the claim of power to
distribute, founded upon the alleged character of
the cession, is extended over the entire domain, the
cessions themselves are found to embrace but an
inconsiderable part
As to this portion thus ceded prior to the Con-
stitution, it has been shown, by other Senators, to
have been vested, not in trust, bu. m absolute pro-
perty, in the Confederation. Yet, I advert to this
without deeming it important For the object of
the ceding States, whatever it might then have
been, has since become utterly immaterial; because
this Government holds no power over the lands in
virtue of those cessions but by an exprés  grant
in the Constitution. From that source alone, it
derives authority over all things subject to its ac-
tion. Beyond that, it has no power to go, becaose
it would then be beyond ihe source oí its own
existence. The Constitution was not, as many
suppose, the reorganization of a previously existing
system, but an original—a first Governwent within
itself; the old Confederation having possessed not
one—not even the first—faculty ot a Government
acting, as it did, never on men but States, and de-
pendent, as it was, on volition solely for obedience.
The ceding States—the States to which the cessions
were made—all the parlies to the cessions, were
alike parties to the Constitution. Their objects in
us adoption were the "¡ame, and, as the Confedera-
tion was dissolved in that verv act, a readjustment
was necessarily made of their relative n hts and
interests, equally m the lands at in every thing el5c.
For the e reasons jt was that Congress, by an ex-
press grant in the Constitution, was authorized to
"dispose of the public Hnds" a ?rant atooun in?,
in itself, to a cession anew—to a runstitutioual ces-
sion—of whatever right or reversion, title or trust,
in ihe lands, the States might have hive held prior
to, or during, the Confederation And, sit, this
new cession, if not the old, is, up in. the tace of it,
mcontestably absolute For, if not so—it, as is
pretended, upon the contingency of having dis-
charged the public debt, the icmammg land , oi
their proceed™, were to be diverted to a particular
object, (as to distribution among the States) and
that object, too, nat otherwise within the power oí
Congress, why was not such object declared' Wnv
was the grant of p >wer not wade commensurate
with it? Why were the lands—the whole of the
lands—confounded with all other public prop riy,
and made subject expressly to the same po ver, as
they csrtaialy are by these words of the Constitu-
tion: "The Congress shall have powei to dispose of,
and make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing, the territory or other properly belonging to the
United S ates " This is the single clause by which
Congress has power over the jand■., and equally ap-
plicable is it to all public pioperly
If, then, it be said (and so it has been) that tus
power is, upon its face, unlimited, and that, there
lore, although CongresA has no authority to dis u-
bute revenue generally, it may yet apply the lands,
other properly, or their proceeds, m distribution to
the Stat s, my answer iv, that the power is unlimited
only within the orbit oí the Constuntion To any
object which is i'self, and independently of this, pai-
ticular power, within that orbit, the application may
be made, but to none other, beyond the Cons'itu
tion Congress cannot go, in search ot a new object
for the application oí this iund, nor can it draw
such an object within its own action, by connecting
it with others already there
And of this the reason is plain. Through-
out the Constitution there run two distinct
classes of powers—the one pre cribing the o6-
jects to be executed; the other providing the means
of execution. In the former cla¡>-, the objects ¡are
few and express, in order to confine the action of the
Pre-emption Law—Mr. Mien.
Government within definite limits. In the latter,
the means are, by the fot m of the grant, necessarily
general, yet hm ted in fact by the objects expressed
tn the former, because the object in view must ever
precede, and afford the sole reason for at all re-
sorting to means. To the second of the two class-
es belong the general powers "to lay and collect
taxes," "to borrow money," and to "dispose of and
make all needful rules and regulations respecting
the territory, or other public property " The ob-
ject? to which the proceeds arising from the exer-
cise of these powers may be applied, are, elsewhere
in the Constitution, expressly numbered, and the dis-
cretion of Congress m making the application is
limited to a choice between the objects so expressed.
If, therefore, the distribution of the revenue, or of
the proceeds of the public property, or of the pro-
perty in kind, be not ii^elfzxi object exiting in the
Constitution, independently of the poweis to collect
revenue, to borrow moneys, and to dispose of the
property, it exists not at all Ths power to raise
means by taxes, loans, or the sale of property, was
left discretionary as to amount, for no other reason
than because the sums necessary to execute the ex-
press objects to which those means were to be ap-
plied were contingent, and, therefore, not to be fore-
seen But the number of those objects being known
and limited, imposes a check upon the exercise of
this discretion It can be exercised no further than
thosp objects, as they a. íse, are seen to require.
The means are limite I by the end So, likewise, is
the selection of the particular one out of the objects,
m the execution of which the means are to be ap-
plied, left to the d screlion of Congress, because, a
choice between these several objects must depend
upon the ever changing End unforeseen exigencies
ot Government. But here, too, this discieuon is
limited to the number of enumerated objects, among
which the choice must be made, and that number
infixed m the Constitution. In a word, sir, the
power to raise means, from whatever source, is, as
to that, exhausted when the means are obtained
The application of them, then, requires the agency
of a new and di>tinct power, which begins to act
only when the other cea'es Nor can these powers
be blended, increased, or diminished, or the order
of their exercise uansposed, by assigning ihe
mears to an object bejoie they are themselves
obtained, or by changing the character of the mean",
as by converting money into land, or land into
m >pey.
Yet, sir, such has been the purpose, the single
purpose, of all the reasoning of the Senator from
Massachusetts He claims for Congress the
power to distribute the fund derived from ihe lands,
for the sole reason that it is so derived thus mak
in« the power of appropriation depend not upon the
object for which revenue may be rared, but upon
the sowes whence it comes. Well, "\r, if this
principle be sound—if the source of revenue be
not limited by the objects of appiopnation—n, on
the contrary, the number of those objects depends
upon that source—it the power to appropriate does
not hnvt, but rests upon, the power to tax—then are
both unbounded, the Constitution impotent, and
the Government absolute
But why distribute the five millions yearly
drawn from the lands' Is it thought to be a sur-
plus beyond the wants of Government' No.
So far from it, that the Senator admits its with
drawal from the Treasury will require the imposi-
tion of a n w tax upon the people, and actually
proposes ihe levy of the tax, to an equal amount,
as ths first *tep in distnbution. Why, then, this
circuitous legisl?tion' Why not advance directly
to the end in view' Why not distribute the tix to
be raised, and reiam the money den/ed from the
lands' The reason is manifest, th? one process
m<iy conceal, the other will expose, th  real object to
the people—taxation fir distribution For in what,
at last, does this process end, if not in a distribu-
tion of revenue gtnerall}—in the levvmg of ta¿es
upon the people for that purpose, and,m reference
to the annual income from the lands, only as fix-
ing, for the present, the sum to be imposed for dis-
tribution'
Who, then, can doubt that the Senator's reasoa-
mg, disguised though its object be, resolves itself
into a claim of power in the Federal Government
Senate.
to tax the people, not for its own rightful purposes
alone, but for the purposes, also, oí ihe States__to
tax fiem for all purposes wha ever, as well those
beyond as within the Constitution' And if, sir,
such be the power of this Government, what power,
what right, is left to the States—what security to
ths people' For is it not evident that, as the power
of taxation must ever be commensurate with the
objects committed to the care of Government, if
those objects fee numberless, left solely at discre-
tion, equally discretionary must be that power.
Then does the Constitution become a nullity, and
the ppople defenceless. Nor, sir, does the form of
Government, m such a ca< e, whatever it may be,
change the character of the evil. Despotism over
men is the freedom of Government from restraint,
whilst actirg upon them. Their liberty depends
upon the existence of such restraint, not upon their
ultimate powei of repairing wrongs, by revolu-
tion—a power at all times equally available, in
their hand, against all the foims and ills of Govern-
ment Thus reasoning, as undoubtedly they did,
the American people not only dividea power be-
tween the State and Federal Governments—not
only limited each by written Convtitunons, but,
for the greater precaution, withheld from bo'h all
powers deemed dangerous to the liberty of the citi-
zen. But why this division—these limitations*—
why this reservation, if the taxing power was to be
left in this Government illimitable as to objects or
amount?
To tax is a power, in its practical results, includ-
ing all others By this it is that Government takes
from the people, and applies to its own u$e, their
propei ty, and the products of their labor To this
they submit for no other reason than because Go-
vernment is instituted for their benefit, and contri-
bution by them essential to us existence But Go-
vernment is no longer for their benefit, when,
taking to itsHf an undue proportion of their sub-
stance, it inflicts misery where it should afford se-
curity against it—a result ever inevitable when the
taxing power feels no restraint. Hence it is that
the only test by which the freedom or despotism in
any system can be known is, whether this power
over the property and labor of the people be limit-
ed or not. If unlimited, the system is despotic; if
lnrited so inefficiently as to admit of evasion with
impunity, it is equally so In either case, the Go-
vernment and the people become, eventually, anta-
gonist forces, wuh antagonist interests—the one
struggling to obtain, the other to withhold, contri-
butions. Every new tax, then, strengthens the
Government and enfeebles the people in the con-
test Through all history, this strugg'e is visible.
This it is, more than any other, that has, m every
a«e, convulsed ihe world, and strewed its bosom
with the blood and bone* of murdered men In the
Roman repnbl c, the governing class, having first
succeeded m obtaining almost the entire property
of the country by sly and imperceptible means
long employed, the strife began with the people for
resti'ution. So was it in France prior to the first
revolution, and such is now the strife in England.
With us it seems Government is about to com-
mence the contest for acquisition with the citizens.
But in every instance, whether to acquire or to re-
tain, the struggle for property is ths same, and the
people, whesf labor produces all, are ever in the
n->ht Wherever, under a system at all free, the
governing power has succeeded (and itgeneially
has) in the plunder of the people, these results have
invariably followed a division of the popular mass
into classes, the rich and the poor, next, the esta-
blishment of political orders, the aristocracy, with
power, wealth, and corruption—the multitude m
p nury, dependence, and wrath, and, finally, when
civil discord, proscription, confiscation, and death
have had the r sway, single handed despotism has
closed the scens.
To this catas'rophe, and by these means, have
all free Governments been brougnt; and whether
it be, of all such, the inevitable tendency, our
own example must prove. Bat if this calamity,
hitherto universal, can here be averted | if our
destiny shall be found more happy than theirs—it
will be because the people resist the evil whilst
yet they are strong, and end it at the begin-
ning, for with us, as with others, the necessities
