m<i_________________       APPENDIX ,TO THE, CONGRESSIONAL G&OBE.________________Feb. 1841.
26ts.Cong—-2nd Sess.                                     Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Bmton.                                                              Senate.
since. The notes were assimilating nearer and nearer
to a currency. The hundred dollar limit which he
bad procured to be introduced, was'reduced to
fifty; the interest was sometimes reduced so low as
as to be made illusory; the notes came to be re-
issuable, and payable to bearer; the facility of
granting them had becoms so great that the de-
jnattd was now annual; and the bills passed with-
out the show of opposition. The present bill was put
upon its passage without a word being said pre or
con; it was about to <be passed -without yeas and
nays; it was going through like water, when he
(Mr. B.) arrested its progress far an instant, and
gave rise to some little discussion—some little show
of resistance. Such was the downward progress
of the paper money policy. Its course is down-
ward, and rapidly so. The resource was too easy,
too seductive, too irresponsible, to be rejected; it
has become the ordinary alternative; and unless
arrested soon, must eventually run the career, and
receive the catastrophe, of all paper money.
Mr. B. said there were but half a dozen Treasury
note acts upon our statu¡e book, and the one-half
of these bear date in  the last three years.   The
Administrations of Washington, Jeffcr.-on, the two
Adamses, Monroe, and  Jackson, aifoided no in-
stance .of a Treasury note bill, although each of
these Administration^, exeept the last, had been a
frequent borrower of money, and oí sums of all
amounts, from as low as forty thousand dollars,
and for periods of time of all durations, froma few
months to several years. Mr. B. here exhibited the
captions < f above seventy acts of Congress during
the Administrations which he had mentioned, for
borrowing sums of money, many of them for the
snjppott of the Government, some to enable the Ad-
ministration, if found necessary, to caryy into effect
the appropriations made by Congress; and all of
them with she ways and meats prepared to pay
them when due.   Trie old way was to borrow in .
preference to striking paper, snd to lay a tax at the
same time to meet the debt and its interest.   This
was the old way in our Government, and it was the
old   way   in   England,   wben   patriots   b.re
sway in that country.   It was the responsible and
the safe way; for, when a loan was made, and a
tax laid, the people would call their representatives
to account; they would hold them, to iheir accoun-
tability; they would malte them give reasons, when
they got home, for creating this debt and imposing
this tax.   Not so with thesi Treasury notes.  Thsv
crept into existence without the knowledge of the
people; they created no present burthen; they put
off the evil day; they avoid aecountabiltiy; and an
issue of tens or hundreds of millions of thi , paper
would find apptamkrs an 1 defenders in nearly a1!
the advocates for a strong and splendid Govern-
ment—in nearly ail the friends of the paper sys-
tem—¡n most of the advocates for ¡he telief <>f the
people, the assumption of State debts, and  the
• jwjtmMi,'' as it is called, of the fourth instalment.
At a subsequent part of the debate,
Mr. B. rose again to say that if he had expected
aid enough to make are.pectableshow on a divi-
sion-—aid enough to have presented the least chance
of success—he should have moved for the sma'l
loan for the few months which the exigencies of
the Treasury might require in some poitions of the
present year.   Prom one and a half to two mil-
lions w.m all thst was required, and ¡hat fur not
more than three or four montns, aed this not to
supply a deficiency but to equalize the inceme,    l
and to meet the extraordinary demands—the  pen-
sion demand?—of March and September.   If he
had seen the po sibiiiiy ol  success, he would have
moved this bill; he would have taken the resp-'.ns,-
bility, or the odium, as the esse might be, of mov-
ing it.    But ho saw no chance of success.    The ge-
neral tendency is still for paper; paper from the
General Government; paper from* the State Go-
vernments;   paper from the  banks; paper   from
town and city governments; paper from individu-
als. ! Paper was still the  word; and with nearly
one-hundred Bullions of specie in  the  eountry,
lampblack and rags was still the 'avente resort. 
Very well, he said. Things must take, their course,
and, titongh omnipotent now, yet he would vea-
tine to iaythat the course of paper money would
soon be run, at the rate ws were going on.
Mr. B. appealed again to the early history of our
G^vernmeat, aad ¡howej, from the debates in the
Federal Convention, from the terms of the Con-
• stitution, from the first revenue aet of 1789—from
all these source?, ha showed that hard money was
to be the currency of ihe Fed! ral Government,
and that neither paper issued by itself, aor by the
State.;, nor by corporations or individuals, was ever
in ended to come into the Federal Treasury. The
standard of value was to b; preserved there; and
it was one of the boasts of the Independent Trea-
sury system, that it was to restore that standard to
the Federal payments. Treasury notes were struck
out of that bill—six short months they were struck
out; and now they rise up in a separate bill—rise
up like mushrooms, and arc full grown as soon as
seen. It was one cf the main arguments in favor
of the Sub-Treasury, that it would keep tip a cir-
culation of gold and silver; but at the rate we go
on, that argument must prove illusory.               ♦
Mr. B. reiterated his assertion ihtst the public
debt of Gteat B.itain, now so enormous, had grown
up, not on loans, but on exchequer bilb. Annual
issues of these bills for as many millions as the
ministry chose to ask, had been the cour*e of rais-
ing the wind there for upwards of a century past.
These millions were granted without noise, and
without notice. When due, they were funded,
without noise and without notice. Taxes, from
time to time, were laid¡ not to pay principal, but to
pay interés'; aad now tfee interest of the national
debt is rne-half larger than the princiral was at
the commencement of thi-; delusive policy. A
century and a half ago, the British national debt
was only about twenty millions sterling (one hun-
dred millions of dollars,) the annual interest is now
about thirty millions sterling, (one hundred and
fifty millions of dollars ) Such is the progress of a
public debt growing up on issues of Treasury pa-
per. No such progress could have been made in
the British publ'c debt, if responsible loans and
laxe-s hat! been resorted to.
Mr. B. deprecated the whole policy of these
Treasury notes as being the most dangerous species
of paper money—as being contrary to the intent of
the Constitution, and the practice of the Govern-
ment under the administrations of Washingion,
Jefferson, the two Adamses, Monroe, and Jack-
son, and only tolerated in Mr. Madison's time on
account of the war—and as being at war with all
our tí.ík about the gold currency, the hard money,
the Independent Treasury b.ll, and all our pro-
mises to keep alive, and preserve, the only standard
of value which the wisdom of the world has yet
discovered,
Mr. B. reminded Senators of tho origin of the
BrttUh oebt, and how it had grown up, in the short
space of a century and a half, from th? small sum
of twenty millions sterling, to the frightful amount
of four thousand five hundred millions of dollars.
This vast debt had grown up, chiefly upon Treasu-
ry notes, called in England exchequer bills. The
way of raising the deb's was this: When the Minis-
try needed money, they applied to Parliament for
leave to issue exchequer bills. Toe leave was
granted, the bills mad  payable on time, and wih
interest, and ths present wants of the Treasury
thus supplied. When the bills became due, and it
was not convenient to pay them, the first resource
was to p,iy old billi wit'i new ones; and the next
was to fund them, and mak3 a permanent debt of
them. Sometimes the interest would be raised, to ,
prevent them from comini; in for a while. T;,is j
has been  the coursa of things in England.    It is   !
thus that her enormous debt ha? been created__has
grown up to its mountainous s;ze, without shocking
and alarming the people as it grew. And are we
not now taking this fame eourss,? Are we not is-
suing our exchequer bill*, as a matter of course?
Are we not lakinj up old bills with new bilk? And
is not the prospect of having them funded now
staring us in the face? Do not the friends of the
new Administration allege tho existence of a new
Rational debt, created by us, and more than hint at
the necessity of funding it?
Mr. B. sa,d ihe bill now before tho Senate pro-
posed the issue of five millions of these notes, not
to meet a deot of that amount, but to provide for a
temporary deficiency which, may exist in the Trea-
sury during some paitof the present year. He
unde||pod the Secretary and the friends of the pre-
sent Administration to stand upon the position,
that the income of ihe year will be equal to the ne-
csssary appropriations of the year; but that the ex-
penditures being heavier in March and September
thwi in other months of the year, on account of the
pensions and some other large items, it will be ne-
cessary to have something more for those two
months than the current revenue at the time will
bring is; and, therefore, a temporary supply is want-
ed, which can bs reimbursed in the course of the
year out of the existing income. This is what he
(Mr. B.) understood; and it seemed to him to be a
proper case for a brief loan, such as was constantly
made under like circumstances during all ad-
ministrations, except that of Mr. Madison, during
the war with Great Britain, and the administration
of Mr. Van Burén, under the difficulties imposed
by bank suspensions. Mr. B. conceived it. to be
no objection to a loin to say that short loans can-
not bs made. He believed that very long loans,
and very short ■ ones, we re the kind most easily
made; and that the United States had never yet
failed to make a loan of either kind; and never
will, while it preserves the character of paying to
the day. It has that character now, and, while it
preserves it, can borrow as much as it wants, and
more than it ought.
Mr. B. said h« would prefer a brief lean ia the
present case, because; it wa3 clear that the amount
could be' reimbursed out of the current revenue
during the present year. Were it otherwise, and
could the loan not be reimbursed out of the cur-
ren'revenue, he (¡Mr. B.) would be widing to lay
duties for the purpose; but not duties on French
silks and French wines, but on luxuries coming
frooi beyond the C?pe of Good Hope, snd from
countries wi h which we had no coi-nmercial trea-
ties, nor any commerce of a kind to affect or dis-
turb our own pursuits of industry. The Asiatic
commerce, from beyond the Cape of Good Hope,
presents a proper subject for the. levy of a small
revenue, if any is wanted. It is a commerce fed
principally by hard money, no way dependent upon
our agriculture, no way connected with our do-
mestic industry, and large enough to yield a hand-
some income; and the whole of it coming under the
character of luxuries. Silks, teas, spices, fiuecet-
tons, were thi priacipal articles of this trade; and,
except the cheapest description of teas, which might
be excepted from tax, the whole might be con-
sidered as luxuries. This trade, Mr. B. said, now
averaged about ten millions of dollars per annum,
of which above eight milliuns were free of duty,
and the remainder subject to a very small duty.
To this commerce be would look, with the excep-
tion of the low priced teas, for an imposition of
duties, if additional revenue was needed, in pre-
ference to French Rilks and French wines; bat be-
lieving that no additional revenues were necessary
at ihis time, he should vote for none, either on
Asiatic or European productions.
Mr. B. said that as long ago as the year 1826 his
attention had been turned to the fact of occasional
and temporary deficiency in the revenue, arising
from fluctuations ia the amount of imported goods.
From these fluctuations it must result that the same
rate of duiifs will give different amounts of income
in different years—an excess in one year and a de-
ficiency in another. By the sinking fund aet of
1817, two millions were to be kept in the Treasury
to answer the demand during these occasional de-
ficiencies; but he (Mr. B.) objected to keeping any
amount on hand for that purpos;, and wostld pre?-
fer a permanent sxt, authorizing the Administra-
tion for the time being, to borrow a limited sum
say three or four millions, if found necessary to
carry into effect the appropriations made by Con-
gress.
Mr. B. concluded what he now had to say, oa
the «object of these Treasury notes, with saying
that experience had developed anew objection to
them of ¡he most serious character to the South
aid West. It was their inevitable tendency aad
effect to draw the specie of those sections of the
Union to the Atlantic cities, where it lay until the .
rate of the foreign exchanges Carried it to Europe.
The course was this:   these Treasury notes ai{
