Jan. Í84t.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL «LOBE.
no
26th Cong....2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Barnard.
lam of what it is to be faithful and prompt m the
d «charge of honest debrt.
And then, Mr. Chairman, how has it been with
the operations of the past year on the barracks and
fortifications of ihe country? One or two cases, I
suppose, may serve as an example for all. A
stinted appropriation was mide for these works
last year. Under authority granted by Congress to
order, the application of these moneys was post.
poned by the President, so that, to u«c Gereral
Jesup'a language, "the operations have beta lim t-
ed, with a few exceptions, to paying outstanding
claims," etc. This, ore would suppose, would
have effectually arrested the progress of these
works; under any other Government, sach would
have been «he effect. But no such thi-i¿ here.
"Owing to a demand for employment," s.i}s Col.
Totlen, a most worthy gemleman and able office1,
mortified and stung, I am sure, as a high raided
and honorable man, by such a condition of things,
"Owing to a demand for emptor ment on tht pari of-
laborers, mechanics, and contractor-, we have been
enabled to do something," &c In (tl cr vo'ds, to
tell the story plain y myself, and rel.es e Colonel
Totten, the case is thu: Tne Government is en-
gaged jn construcmg foi ¡ncations, which sie Urge
and expensive works, snd are earned on by yearly
appropriations. It I as in its emp'oy on these
works superintendents, and contractor-, and me-
chanics, and labcrei?, m >.t of whom, at l«-ast ma-
ny of whom, make their arrargement?, domest c
and otherwise, with ref rence to permanent em-
ployment on the-e works, from ihe commencement
to the completion of them, running, of course,
through a number of year . Tney know that ¡h<"se
Bie works undertaken by Go «rr ment—a wealthy
old gentleman, who generad/ does what he sajs he
will do Such a thing as fai ure or bankruptcy is
not thought of. These contractors, mechanics, and
laborers are on the ground promptly with the rc-
tam of every working season, invited by the Go-
vernment, and taught to expect nothing else than
to go on with their work as usual, snd to be paid
for it, of course Then comes the Government, by
its agent, and, to their bitter disappointment, an-
nounces that funds are low, and prompt payment
for labor is not to be expected. To work or starve
—this is the condition of labor all over ihe world.
What shall the-e men do' Their business is here,
and they have no employment elsewhere,and ui'ght
not now be able to fu.d any "Well, ¡in-, cieates, n
be sure, "a demand for employment"—a pre--- , g
demand. Ihe Go/crnment, tco, i- as urgen i to
have the work done as they are to do 11, and tuetrd
is, they are employed, and go io ivonc. They w.ll
ear  the money, ard though the Government can-
not pay, it will o'os, and with this debt or demand,
by selling it, or pledging h, or ¡n some way, but of
coarse not without senous saci&ce and lo-s, they
will continue to real ze someming out 01 it tur their
carrent necessities.
Now, sir, ihi5 is prccsely what has 'aken /tUce.
I have nsw m my hand a le'ier irom aa intelligent
and worthy gentleman, a pascnal friend of mine,
rssidmg at Oswego, by which I am interned mat,
during the past seacun, the woik on the foit at that
place was caint-d on on a cicdit. It was under-
stood, and so stipulated oh the part of the Govern-
ment, that payment was not to be demanded oí ex-
pected before April next, nor v«cuid any evidence
of debt be given, except by a credit entered on the
books of the ¡superintendent, it was permitted,
however, graciously to the poor laborer, to transfer
his demand, and the purchaser had nib name no-
ted on the book opposite to the account My cone-
«ponden* has furnished me with a copy oí one of
the orders under which thete transfers arc made,
drawn by a laborer who makes his mark, w>th cei-
tam cabalistic letters of the snpenn'endr.it not.-d on
it, by way oí recognition. The paper might, per-
haps, with propriety, be added to some o"ier\ as
one more specimgn of the '-better cuneuy " oí the
Government.
But I have given thi"s case as an example of the
prompt manner m wh.ch the Administration has
met all demands upon it. By a specie;, of moiat
coercion it compels its creditors, who cught to be
paidptomptly m casn e^ery Saturday night, to
submit to an unjust and ctuel delay of payment for
H. of Heps,
several months, and to resort, therefore, to the ne-
ces ity oí hawking the eredit of the Government in
tne market on petiy accounts, with serious loss to
themselves, and then, havmg done this, it tarns
round, in the face of such a transaction, and blows
a trumpet of praise to itself for having promptly
met every demand upon it *
I will allude to one other ca^e, very much in
point. I am informed, and I believe correctly,
that, to carry on operations on. the important works
of Port Schuyler, on the East River, a sum of mo-
ney was borrowd of ons of the banks m New
York—the Mechanics' Bank, I think—borrowtd
for six months on an interest of three per cent, for
that f.ne. Here, then, the contractors, mechanics,
and laborer0, and those who tarnished suppl e--,
were paid 11 cash, and paid piomptl); ^es,'paid
promptly in cash, but with a rigid and invariable
«¡eduction from tie old tota1 of every account ren-
dered of three per cut. Hore were accounts for
work and labor perforated, and provisions and sup-
pli s luriv-hed, at s'ipulasd prices; aid before
these accounts would b  paid, a discount must be
submitted to pqual to the ímcrest oi ihe money for
six months. la o her words atld in effect, 'he cre-
ditors tbe.ns'dves are ob'ifed to bun ,w 'he ¡non^y,
using 'he name and ereoitot tfax Guvern.nent, with
ahchto pay their own demand- un lb; Crovera-
menf, ¡>1 eady due &nl past due, and to pay six
mi utiis' merest fur it. iiow such a transaction
m^y aifect Ihis Government I know no; but I
know that no private gentleman could ever hold up
his head again in an honorable community, after
he had once resorted to such a mode of meeting
his engagements.
But, Mr Chairman, I should never be done, if I
should at'empt to go thiouah the c«es in detail of
delinquency in the matter of prompt payment on
the part of the Administration. I must be brief m
what I have fuither to jay about it.
Tne lidian Deparlment is full of instances of
gres neglect and delinquency. So I understand
and believe. Some hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars, it is believed, yet remain unpaid, underatrea-
ty entered into with ihe Pottawatamies, I think, in
1833. At the last session, we made an appropria-
tion of §36 000 to carry mto effect a tieaty <7itn
the Stockbndge and Munsee Indians; and I am
told («at not one dollar of it has yet been pail. A
payment h,is been a¡Aed for, on vouchers acknow-
ledjcl tobes'iffi er', c" ¡He pro er derartmtn
n re, .ntt Ríiticd on me ¡, ¿ tía' ^«moments
hi I b^nma'p, or w..a d be, for p^tnent fome-
uher> et-e, and by an Ind an aient Pa, anm has
pi o, as 1 am told, been deoia'ided of an lad'ra
a-ent—t.<e on y one who c-uld be thought of as at
.ill hUely to be entrusted wi'h tie case—ind no-
thirg could b° obtain d Sevei-d cases of strong
?nd urg'nt c aim a>e pi°n. oníd by General Jesup
in ris report. Oat b/ the Choctaw*, wnue their
propcuy, ¡and, has been .aken for a foif—'alien for
public use, and no payment evade, or proposed to
be made. And another claim on the part of the
Creaks, on a p sit've agreement made with them
by the Geneial himtcll, fene years pgo, and no
payment is made, or any di-positun showi. to make
i*.
And, then, what has been the couise of the Ad-
mins ration in regard to claim?, wnether in the
Dopartmen s or before Congress? It is well under-
stood ¡hat these claims in the Departments amount
to a very laige sum—probably to trrl ion-—claims
growing oat of the Plondawar, and Ind'an affairs,
¿nd i fher thing . These demands have not been
promptly met. in some ca3e , as I suppose, ap-
pnpiiafons have been made to m*et them, but the
accounts have not been agisted. In o'her cases,
the.e has been service according to law, and the
demands are according to law, bu' th^re has been
no appropriation. I do not doubt that the next
Administration will find million-, of these demands
lying ovei und-r one p-etenre and anotler We
hear General Je«up complaining that disbursing
and accounting officers are hung up m the Depart-
meits tor one or two years oefore t^e/ caa set their
accounts ano demands adjas'ed. Befóse Congress,
ft is said, there aie ten thou-acd claim" n jw pend-
m". Nobody do'ibis tlut \cry many of these are
just, and oi.ght to be prompdy p   4.   Yet, who
tiat was here at the last s"ssion of Congress failed
to observe the studied and systematic effort of the
Administration, by every possible device, to pre-
vent the action of Congress on this whole subject?
And that effort succeeded. Congress passed WBs
for private claims, in seven months, to the amount
of $ 14,000' Justice and honor were sacrifices
openly, with the sacnñce of the claims of the pub-
lic creditors. Appeals to the mercy of the Govern-
ment, as well as to its justice, fell unheeded on the
cold, dead ear of party. The rejection was as de-
liberate as it was hearties ; the appearance of
t nngs must be saved for the benefit of party; the
Treasury must not bear the burden of these just
dues at a crisis of so much political importance.
And thus were thus dues boldly shuffled off. They
amount, d mbtles", to millions and are left, with
ottier tnings like them, as a legacy to the neit Ad-
mnistrauon. He is a bold man, Mr. Secretary,
who cou d claim, in the face of facts like these,
and teach his master to claim for the Government
the credit and the praise of hiving promptly met
all demands upon it!
But, Mr Cnairmao, I pass from this point, to
consider another, closely connected with this. A
h'opy man is that President of these "united States-
si ho can say, with truth, at the cío e of his term,
that, under his administration, "all the purposes
tor which this Government was instituted' have
b en accomplished," and that is precisely what
Mr. Van Buren says for himself. Sir, I solemnly
declare that I would gladly altow this declaration
to psss without a word of animadversion from me,
if I could do so without manifest injustice to the
in-coming Administration. It is due, hewever, to
th-^se on whom the buiden of Government is to
fall after the fourth of March, that the error,
amounting te delusion, on which this position rests,
should be thoroughly exposed. In attempting this,
I shall carefully avoid all differences with the
President on matters involving constitutional doubt
or difficulty. I shall say nothing, for example, of
the course of the Administration m regard to cur-
rency and credit. Many very important interests
have been sacrified, during the last four years, in
regard to which the President claims to shelter
himself under a constitutional scruple. I shall re-
spect that claim, on this occasion, and offer him no
disturbance upon it. I shall take him, as I may
had him, beyond this magic circle, and there is
mit'er enough, u> Heaven's gojd name, wi'h which
to impeach the perfect accuracy of the sslf-sati-fy-
ing declaration to whicn I have referred.
If any body will take the trouble to look into the
reports of the present session from Departments
and heads of Bureaus, and note the number and
variety of urgent recommendations for the public
service which they will find there, and which are
and have been all the while wholly neglected by
this Admiins'ratiOB, he will then be able to appre-
ciate the force and value of the claim lhat "all the
purposes for which this Government was instituted
have baen accomplished." 1 will refer to a few
things.
The providing of proper bamacks for the accom-
modation of the army falls with n the province of
the Cluartermas'er General. These works are'in-
dispensable, and are required in various parts of
thecountry.. The last year "little was done,"G«i.
Jesup says, "except to pay some outstanding
claims," even on the small number of those works
for which appropriations were made. The money
was withheld by the order of ihe President. The
appropriations of the last year are to fall as an ex-
tra burden on the Treasury in the year 1841. But,
besides this, time are a large number of cases pre-
sen'ed as urgent by General Jesup, and urged als >
by the Secretary of War, for which no provision
shateyer has been made, and none is proposed.
The Secretary alludes to the fact that 40,000 In-
dians have been removed during the last four years,
add'i" therefore, that number to the multitude al-
ready'on oar Western border. These are, most cf
them, dissatisfied, moody, and restless, broodirg
over Wrongs, and waiting for the chances oi re-
venue. They are planted on the immediate con-
fines of Sates and Teirttones belonging to this
Union, and "the Gove-tment has contracted,"
saya the SsciUary, "a solemn obbgaUm, not only
