Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
26lH   CoNG""2nD  SEbS.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Bell.
H. of Refis*
I warn them to take care how they force upoa the
new Administration the necessity of an extra ses-
sion, whtoa cannot con the ration less than halt a
million of dollars Halt a raillirn ought, in my
opinion, to be regarded as a substantial item in
their estimate of what constitutes economj; and
they will most assuredly be justly responsible for
the sin of it, unless ttiey --hall, at the present ses-
sion, make suitable provision ior the wants of the
Treasury. I warn them not to indulge the hope
that, by any ingenious disj-u se of the true state of
the Treasury, or of the large amount of debt now
suspended over it, or by any other artifice, they
can so manage to drive the new Adm nistration to
the necessity of a called session, with the expecta-
tion of raising a successful clamor against them on
that account I tell th"m that, unless they act
promptly—unless they act effectually at the present
session upon ihe subjects I have indicated—the
reasons for a called session may become too man -
fest—the nececsity too palpable to admit cf decep-
tion or misundeistandmg a called sess'oo, or a
meeting of Congress in advance of the stated pe-
riod, will become, in try opinion,  indispensable
As to the imrrediate qaes>ions presented by the
bill, there are two o them about which little ne d
be said. The first relates to the fact of an exis'ing
deficiency in the m°ans of the Treasury to meet the
current demands upon it, and of this I think there
can be no doubt, nor can theie be a reasonable
doubt that this deficiency is at l ast equal to the
five millions demanded by 'he bill The other
question directly pre en.ed by the bill is not so
deal, but 'here wojld be quite as little reason n
taking up the time, oí the commi'tee in the discus
sionofit. It is whether the mode of supply pro-
posed by the bill is the proper one—whether ihe
issue of Treasury notes or a direct and open loan
is the more constitutional and eligible mode of
granting the necessary supply. The policy of re-
sorting to the issue of Treasury notes, however ob-
jection tWe in time of peac , has be°n adop'ed and
sactioned by the majority in this House since 1837,
m opposition to the opinions and pnr.c pies of those
with whom I havegeneially ac ?d. A? Ion  as the
same majority control the decís ops ot the Hot se,
the policy may be iegarded as permanent, and, a'-
though their supiumacy, we may hope, will termi-
nate with the present Congress, toey are still ia Ihe
ascendant here, and must be showed to have their
own way While, therefore, I cannot vote for the
issue of Treasury no es in time of peace, for the
reasons often a*s gned by o bers on this llooi, yet I
will not repeat the argu rents against the bill on
this ground; nor do I feel myse f called upon to
propose any amendment to change the mode of
sapply provided for in the bill, especially 3o far as
regards the amount necessary to meet the immedi
ate demands upon the Treasury. I choose to de-
vote the time allowed me in this discussion to more
practical vi w  and objects, and to leave to these
who have the numbers and the power to regulate
the mode of the supply which t-ey think expedient
to grant at their o#n discretion and upon their o n
responsibility
But, Mr. Chaurnan, there pre two other ques-
tions, naturally em ngn connected with tne subject
of this bill, of the greatest importance, and about
which much may be sad!, and about wh'ch there
will probably be s0ma controversy. The first of
these, bith in point of time and importance, con-
cerns the ext nt of toe deficiency thai will extst in
the resources of the Treasury during the present
j ear, and raises ihe inquiry whether, instead of five
millions, ten or even more will not be necessary to
meet the demand  upon the Treasury witrm the
year.
Relying chiefly upon ÚV p oof. furnished by th"
annual report of toe Secieary of the Trea«ury, I
shall attemp* to show that the amount of existing
debts or demand , as well as the demands which
will certainly accrue against the Treasury in the
course of the year (1841) is largely underrated by
that officer, and that a high degree of probability
exists that he overrates the amount of the current re-
ceipts into the Treasury, both from cus'oms and
lands
Let us first inquire what will be the total amount
legally chargeable upon the Treasury during the
present vesr (1841,) ard secondly, what amount
will probably be actually presented or demanded at
the Treasury within the year.
The Secretary of the Treasury in bis annual re-
port, states the amount legally caargeable upon the
Treasury within the year 1841, at thirty-two mil-
lion five hundred and fifty five thousand seven hun-
dred and fifty-seven dollars, but it further appeals,
from his own statement, that he estimates the actu-
al demands up^n the Treasury, within the year, at
no more than twenty-two millions one hundred and
thirty-four thousand, seven hundred and thirty fouj
dollars—th  difference between ¡riese two suras being
ten milhon four hundred and eleven thousand and
twenty seven dollars. This last is the precise
amount of the appropriations for 1840, and former
years, outstanding at the end of tne jear 1840,
either already applied or set aside for the service of
that year, and not yet called for, or not applied,
(postponed) and remaining applicable to ihe ser-
vice of 1841 Por this large amount tne Secretary
thinks, it will not be recessary to make any provi-
sion, on the supposition that an equal amount of
the appropriations for the present year will he over
uncalled ior, cr unapplied at toe close of it This
as I wilt show hereafter, is mere conjecture on the
part of the Secretar), for, as to th- amount which
may be Outstanding at the end of the present year,
ltmayretin or it maybe oniy two milLons, ac-
cording to encumstances
If the Secretary of the Treasury is correct in the
supposm n mat no more than t ent}-iwo millions
aid a little upwards will be actually called for or
demanded at ihe Treasuiy w.tbin the year, it will
only be rfcesi^jy to provide means to that amount,
atid a sufficient balance m the Treasury to mee
contingencies But if it can be shown that a much
greater amount oí paynie.its wi 1 be required from
the X'reasury within the year, it must be met by an
increased supply of means.
The best mode of detecting and exposing the
errors of the Secretary will be to take up and exa-
mine the items in his estimats, both of charge and
supply, seiiarale'y
Tne appropnauons estimated oy the Secretaiy of
the Treasur/, as a new and specific charge upon
the yiar 184 ¡, amount to a small «urn over sixteen
ana a half millions of dollars. This is the lowest
estimate «mce 1835 I do not complain of it be-
cau e it li we'l enougn to bear in mind that it is
evidently a feced e.tima'e, and for mat reason
and the further one that the nearer tn^ estimates or
appropuaiicns for any one year approximate the
actual wants of the Government, tr e larger the
proportion of them v/nich w 11 be expended wi hm
t^ejear. The Secre ary had said, two years ago,
that the annual expenditures might, m his opinion,
be soon reduced to seventeen or eighteen millions
o dol ar~, and, to verify, .'s nearly as possible, bis
own predictions, he made a sort ot Pncrustes bed
of the Treasury estimates, to woich every branch
of the public serviee was to be fitted at all hazards.
These rstima'ec are certainly not adjusted to the
demands of the public service at the present junc-
ture, as will abundantly appear from various pub-
Lc documents emana wg from the Executive de-
partments To make the demands ol the pubbc
service «qua e win h s s¡andard (t expendí uies,
the Secretaiy, like the tviaitot i Id, has lopped eff
a foot here, arid a head there, and, had it b en ne-
ceosary for his purpose, he was even prepared to
have sac ified an entire branch of tne publ c sei-
vice for a ttme                                                  ,., i
The next item, or rather the next cla*s o<" ihe
new charges upon tbe Tiea uiy for the jeai 1841,
is one which die Secietary could neither add to nor
diminish—it being the amount which is a ready ap-
propriated for the service of the year, by existing
laws, to certain specifi d objects The aggregate
amount ot this de crip ion of new charges is five
million five hundrtd and thirteen thousand two
hundred dollars Th  principal item of th s
amount is four millions and a half ot dollars, which
will be requ>red to redeem ^ut tandmg Treasury
notes wnhm the year 1841 The sum oí thest
two items or closes ot new appropriations, for the
year 1841, will exhibit the whole amount which
the Secretary of the Treasuiy supposes will be ac-
tually demanded or paid withm the year.   When
thrown into the usual Treasury form, they  will
stand thus.
Estimate of appropriations to be made specifically
chargeable upon the year 1841     - $16,621,520
Appropriations specifically chargeable
upon the year 1841, by existing
laws, viz
For military service, &c. -    $864,000
Pubhc debt, including in-
terest and first instal-
ment on debt assumed
for Distrct of Colum-
ba      -          -           -      149,300
For redemption of Trea-
sury notes falling due
within the year            -   4,500,000
Total of  appropriations by existing
laws          ....
5,513,200
Total amount spec fically chargeable
npon the year 1841            -          - §22,134,720
But there is another large class of appropria-
tions chargeable upon the year 1841, which ought to
be included m the regular and formal statements
which issue from the Treasury Department, but
which, in general, are only to be ascertained trota
a careful reading of the annual report. I mean
the balances of appropriations for former years,
which are outstanding at the close of one year,
and become a legal charge upon tbe ensuing year,
without any new legal sanction. These balances,
at tbe end of 1840, app-ar, from the statement ac-
companying the annual report and estimates, to
have been, as I have before stated, ten million four
hund'ed and eleven thousand and twenty seven
dollars In general, these balances of former ap-
propriations are the first that are drawn from the
Treasury in each year, and the means therefore,
must be provided to meet them in some mode or
other, but I notice them at present only as consti-
tuting legally and properly a part of th* entire
charge upo'i the Treasury in the year 1841. By
looking into the annual Treasury report, it will be
found that tne Secretary so regards them. Tae
total amount of appropriations legally chargeable
upon th year 1841, according to the Treasury
statement, and estimates, will, therefore, exceed
thirty two millions. When expressed in the usual
form, the account against the Treasury would stand
thus:
Amount of appropriations specifically chargeable
upon tne year 1841    .           .           . #22,134,720
Amount of former appropriations eut-
standmg at the close of the year
1840, and wl¡ich become a legal
charge upon the year 1841 .           .    10,411,027
Total amount of appropriations leeal-
ly chargeable upon the year 1841,
according to the estimates and s'aie-
ments of 'he Secretary of the Ttea-
sury            .... |32545747
But this statement does not show the entire legal
charge which will exist against the Treasury in
the j tar 1841. Tne Secretary of the Treasury
make  h.s estimates upon the basis of the usual
and cut rent service of the year. The present Se-
cretary has never departed from this rule that I
remember, even in a case as important and pressing
as an existing war, when a large force of militia
and volunteers were in the field, and large expen-
ditures had been actually incurred on their account.
Such a case occurred in 1837. At that time the
annual estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury
were made out for the year 1838 (December, 1837)
there weie between five and six thousand mounted
volunteers on service in Florida, besides four or
five thousand regular troops Before the cloie of
the year 1837, and veiy probably before the esti-
mates ior the following year were made out, a
million of dollars had been expended beyond the
amount appropriated for that service in that year;
yet the Secretary took no notice whatever, in his
estimates of the expenditures and appropriations
for the year 1838, of the large and extraordinary
demands upon the Tressury which the Florida war
would ngcessanly produce, nor did he make any
provision whatever {or the aullion of delta thea
