244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January, 1841.
S6th Cosg......2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Bell.
H. of Reps.
be ? expended in that service within the year
1837, beyond the appropriations The fact, there-
fore, stated by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Evans,] of half a million of dollars having these
expended in 1840, for the nay and subsis-
tence of the seventeen hundred ni'lma now m ihe
Florida service, and no notice taken of it in the
annual estimates, is no novelty in the conduct oí
the honorable Secretary. His usual prac-
tice m this respect shows how little reliance
is to be placed upon bis estimates generally,
as exhibiting the amount of the probable demands
upon the Treasury in any one year. Congress
has already been called on to vote at the present
session one hundred and fifty thousand dollars to
supply the deficiency in the naval pension fund,
which the Secretary must have known to exist be-
fore he made out his estimates for ihe present veai.
This is, therefore, a new charge upon the Tre-i-
sury, not included in his annual estimate'. To
this we may add ninety-two thousand dollars re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means for
the same object. We must also include in our ac-
count of the new aharges which will certainly be
created against the Treasury within the present
year, the amount proposed to be appropriated for
the public buildings in this city, now under con-
tract, or in a. course of construction This sum
will not fall short of one hundred and fifteen thou-
sand dollars, and may far excead lhat amount,
Wemar also safely estimate that at least two hun-
dred thousand dollars will be voted by Congress to
miscellaneous objects at the present session This
item has been set down by 'he Secretary of the
Treasury, in soms of his estímales, at one million
ot dollars In addition to these several amounts,
we learn from ihe speech of the gentleman from
Mame [Mr. Evans] that the Secretary ot War had
sent to the Committee of Ways and Means an
estimate of appropriations for the support of the
Florida war in the year 1841, amounting to two
and a half millions oí dollars; and as it appears
that a large portion oí this amount has already
been expended, and the war still continues, I take
it for granted that that sum, at hast, will be voted
by Congress for that service. These several items
oí new appropriations, not included in the annual
estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury, will, of
course increase the amount already staled as con-
stituting the gross legal charge upon the Treasury
in the year 1841, according to the Treasury esti-
mates Stated in the usual form, the whole amount
legally chargeable upon the Tieasury in the year
1841, will stand thus:
Total amount legally chargeable upon the Treasu-
ry in  the year 1841, according to the annual
Treasury estimates and statements, $32,505,747
New appropriations,   not included m
the Treasury estimates, viz
Amount already appropriated to supply
deficiency  in   the   naval   pension
fund        .          .          . #150,000
Amount reported by Commit-
tee of Ways and Means for
the same object     .          .    92,000
Amount reported by Commit-
tee on Public Buildings     .  115,000
Amount asked for by Secreta-
ry of War for support ©f
the Florida war     .          2,500,000
Amount of probable appropri-
ations for miscellaneous ob-
jects          .           .           .  200,000
Total of new appropriations
not included m* the Treasu-
ry   estimates    and   sta'e>
meats        .           .---------—   3 057,000
Total amount legally chargeab'e upon
the Treasury in the year 1841, #35,562,747
Of the whole amount thus shown lo be chargea-
ble upon the Treasury in the year 1841, we have
already explained that ten million iour hundred
and eleven thousand and twenty-seven dol'ars con-
sist of former appropriations, and although, as ai-
read/ stated, these are the first that will be expend-
ed and paid from the Treasuiy within the i ear, yet
the Secretary of the Treasury, in making out his
estimate of the amount of meass necessary to meet
the actual demanda upon the Treasury within the
year, assumes as the basis of his estimate, that
there will be a balance of the whole amount of
appropriation legally chargeable upon the Treasu-
ry in the year 1841 remaining unexpended or un-
called for at the end of that year, about as laige as
the simi ar aggregate balance outstanding at the end
of the year 1840 If the Secretary is correct in ih s
assumption, then, instead of thirty-five and a half
millions of dolíais, it will only be necessary to pro-
vide means sufficient to meet a demand of twenty-
five millions and a little upwards within the year—
this being the balance of the entire charge upon the
Treasury, after deducting an amount equal to the
outstanding balances of former appropriations pt
the end oí the year 1840. The question is, whether
the Secretary of the Treasury has rot made too
high an estimate of the outstand ng balances of ap-
propriations at the close of the present)ear.
Now, sir, as to the question whetner tr.e Secre-
tary of the Treasury has not overrated the balance
of the appropriations chargeable upon the present
year which will be outstanding at the clos° of it,
and for which he thinks it unnecessary to make any
provision within the year. In deciding upen the
probable amount of the appropriations of the pre-
sent andf ormer years which will be outstanding at
Ihe end of this year, it is recessary to look into the
nature and condition of the service and objtels for
which they were voted by Congress Ot the ten
millions and upwards of these balance which ap-
pear from tht Treasuiy statements to hav¿ b<=en
outstanding at the close of 1840, the Irrpest poi tion—
m fact, nearly all of thrm—were specific-1 l)y chargea-
ble upon the y ear 1840 From the same stat menf it
appears that upwards of six million  ami a hilf of
the entire amount have been expendedor applied
to the service oí the last year, but the payments
therefor ha\e not been demanded or ma le from the
Treasuiy They, therefore, con mue to be a legal
charge upon the Treasury during the pre ent year
and until paid The condition oí this part of the^e
outstanding balances may be made more mWligible
by the employment of a term not strictly admis-
sible in financial pirlancr They may be properly
represented as moitgaped or secured for the pay-
ment ot debts already due by the Government, or
for tue fulfilment of contracts and engagements en
tere! into betoie the close of the year 1840, and
whit-h rtm.ím to be paid in the year 1841. An-
other, and the only remaining portion of theie
balances, alter the transfer of a small part to the
surplus fund, has not been expended or applied to
the serví'e of any former year, they h «ve been
postponed, and remain over to be expended or ap-
plied to the objects for which they were originally
appropr'ated within the year 1841. These unap
plied or po.tponed balances amount, as appears
from the Treasury statements, to upwards of three
and a halt millions ot dollars Thev might anl
ought to have been applied to the <e-vice of the
year 1840, had there been sufficient time after they
were passed by Congre s, or had the Exeeitive
been pleased to do so, but whii-h were not so ap-
plied, either for want of time or inclination. The
obligation on the Executive to expend or apply
these unapplied or postponed balances within the
present year is just as binding as though they were
made a specific charge upon 1841 by law
It is true tnat the Executive administration may
so manage as to postpone or strrend the applica-
tion of a pottion of these unapplied balances to
another year, as the present Administration has
done within the last two years In the «aaie man-
ner a large portion of the expendi'ure of the new
appropriations for the pes nt year may be post-
poned until 1842, bjt, m both cases, it would oe a
postponement—a suspension (except as to a small
pari, n its nature contingent, and whuii may  je-
ver be wanted) against law, and in violation of a
high moral, as wi 11 as legal and constitutional duty.
When Congress appropriates moneys, it i-s meant
that they shou'd be applied to the respective
branches of the public service for which they were
designed as speedily as may be consistent wi h the
nature and demands of the objects The Execu-
tive, except in cases expressly provided, is vested
with no discretion in ih  matter, and the assump-
tion of it is an abuse ot power.   It is the exercise
of a dispensing power. Etecu'ive influence and
patronage are necessarily increased when authority
is assumed to apply large sums of money, or not,
at discretion, to objects and interests m which large
bodies of men feel a personal concern.
It may be of use to notice briefly the nature and
history of tnese outstanding balances within the
last ten or twelve years. They have attracted too
little attention from Congress The theory of our
system of annual and specific appropriations sup-
poses or requires, in general, that the appropria-
tions made by U w for the service of a year shall be
expended or applied within that year to the objects
specified This is so at least as to all appro-
priations not contingent m their na'ure, or not in
their terms coi fined to the «ervice of a sing'e year.
To carry out this theory ngoiously would often be
very inconvenient, and sometimes impossib'e For
example- Payments upon contraéis for supplies of
the army End navy, upon contracts for supplying
timber to the navj, and even the pay of the army
and navy, fro>n the nature of the service, cannot
always be made at reguhr periods In such cases,
although the expenditures may be said to be in-
curred within the yeai, the payments a e often not
made from the Treasnry until after the close of the
year for which the appropriations were made But
a constitutional and faithful administration of
the Government requires that the appropriations
and trie expenditures for each ye?r shall corre-
spond as nearly as pasible. By the existing
practice, the Government assumes the power to re-
duce oi en'aree the expenditures wtthm the year,
at its d sere ion. The nractice of the present Ad-
mini->tidtion,m this respect, will put it in the power
of the Government, within the present year, for
example, to expenl twenty five or six mi'ltons ol
dolhrt, provided the Treasury is sufficiently reple-
nished, although the new appiopnations specifical-
ly charaeibl° upon the year may not exceed twen-
ty-two millions, pndof the while amount legally
chargeable upon the Treasury m 1841, we have
seen thit the S°cretary estimau-s that upwards of
ten millions will remain either unexpended or un-
called for at the close of the yeai This is an
abuie for which there is no adequate apology or
necessity. If 'he Sectetary is r ght in his estimate
of the probable ba'anc* <?t outstanding appropria-
tions at the end of the present year, he might and
ought to have brought down h s es ima es of new
appropriations to twelve instead of sixteen millions
of dollars The progress of this abuse deserves no-
tice The charge upon the year 1829, consisting
of former appropriations, I find was of applied but
unpaid halluces three million four hundred and
«eventy-eight thousand thrtP hunorcd ard eighty-
fuur dollars, while the amount of unapplied or
posipen d balantfs was two hundred and twenty-
sevfn thous?nd eight hundred and seven dollars
only In 18.10 the applied balances lying over for
payment amounted to two mi'hon four hundred
and fifty-seven thousand dollars, and the unapplied
to e sht hundred and sixty-two thousand dollars. In
1832 the applied balances were three million four
hundred and twenty-three thousand dollars, and the
un?ppliedfive hundred and one thousand dollars. In
1834 the applied balances were five million one
hundred and ninety thousand dolíais, and the un-
applied fi ur hundred and forty-n'ne thousand dol-
lars After that yar this irregularity increased m
so rapid a r«i'io tba1, at he c'ose of the year 1836,
■ he aggregate amount of these b?Knees was six-
teen ralliois, seven hundred and fi ty t« o thousand
dolíais At the close <f the year 1837 they
amounted 'o fourteen mi 1 on one hundred and fif-
ty-Si-ven lhouíand dolar-. And Tie Hve already
Sfen lhat at the close of the yeoi 1840, while the
applied balances were only six million six hundred
and sixiy-on.5 thoos4nd one hundred and
twenty tirce dclla'S, ^nou v¿ an increase of
thi-s claso of balances sm-e igig of bout one hun-
died per cert th« unapp led oi pc^tpc ncd bilaices
were three million ^evm huidred and forty-nine
tnousand nine hunared ind four <'ol|pr=, an amount
more than s x e n t ™ies qrcater thai, the same class
of balance  n 19<;9 '
In orJei to form sump ju,t estimate of the propor-
tion of these irree milhin «even hundred and forty-
nine thousand nine hundred and four dollars of the
