*ÜL
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 184 i
26th Coks".«3nb Sbss.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Bell.
H. of Reps.
is to take place at the end Of the year,) the total
amount of leceipts from customs would then be
only sixteen millions and a half, an amount less
than the original estimate of the Secreiary of the
Treasury by two and a half millions.   I beg leave
to say that I thmk the estimate of sixteen millions
and a half quite high enough to be assumed as cer-
tain—so certain, that no provision need be made
fey law for supplying any deficiency in the revenue
below that point, when we are deciding upon th«
necessary supplies tor the support of Government,
and maintaining the public faith during the year.
The revenue from the customs may, indeed, turn
out to b  much greater than the original estimate
of the  Secretary of the Treasury     The precise
amount of receipts from customs must always be
subject to much uncertainty.   I was quite con-
founded, when I beard the honorable chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, after he had,
with the utmost complacency, declared his inten-
tion of relying upon the estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury as the very best authority he could
consult, and that w« must take them as the basis of
our supplies for the support of the public credit
during the year, turn about and argue in direct
terms that there was no sort of certainty in these
estimates, nor could there be, from the nature of
the source of this branch of the revenue—the com-
merce of the country, the fluctuations and revul-
sions of which being so great and irregular as to
defy all calculation    "Happy," he "-aid, "would
the man be who could make a close approxima-
tion to the actual receipts" in his es imates    Yet,
sir, it is these uncertain and unreliable estimates,
and, in the case of the receipts from customs, as-
sumed to exceed in the present year those of the
last more than five mil ions of dollars, that we are
to consider as a certain ca h fund to meet actual
demands upon the Treasury to their full amount
within the year    What though it should turn out
that the receipts from customs within ihe year may
exceed   nineteen  millions,   does  that   possibili y
■weaken the argument that, m providing the ways
and means to support the public faith and credit,
■we should make our estimates so moderate and
reasonable, that if we err a' all, we should err on
the safe side, that we should be sure not to exceed
the  actual  receipts?    Every circumstance con-
sidered, which may and ought to influence the im-
portations within ihe present year—the small stock
of goods on hand, and the reviving trade and confi-
dence on the one hand, and the danger of over im-
portation on the eve of the great reduct on of duties
to occur so soon on the other—satisfies me that six
teen millions, and a halt is as high an estimate of
the receipts from customs in the present year as can
be safely relied on
Another «em of the Secretary's estimate, I be-
lieve, will tarn out to be quite too high. I allude
to the estimated receipts irom public lands He
states them at three and a half millions 1 his is a
much larger amount than appears to have been re-
ceived within the past year The receipts from
this source in 1840 probably have not exceeded two
and a half millions of dollars. Upon what theory
of increasing prosperity—upon whatjus.t expecta-
tion of a sound and abundant circnla'ing- medium
likely to be real zed within the year 1841, docs the
Secretary base his calculations on this pomi? Do
we not well know that the season of bank resump
liftn is always one of diminished cmrency, of
straitened means among the people? Again, sir
where are those tracts of new and fertile lands
■which are to be brosght m'o market within the
present year—what fine and virgin region is yet to
be offered to the cupidity of the speculator, or to
the more humble ambition of the pioneer and set-
tier, which holds out the prospect of increased sales
and receipts from that source wuhin the present
year? If I wanted evidence of the over estimate
of the Secretary of the Treasury in relation to this
branch of the revenue, I need go no further than
his own more recent statements, contained m the
letter read by the Conimittee of Ways and Means
In that letter he informed the committee that the
receipts from public lands within the current quar-
tet of the present year, will not exceed four hun-
<&ed and fifty thousand dollars. At this rate the
jreceipts of the whole year from that source, will
not exceed one million eight hundred thousand dollars
You, sir, [Mr. Casfy,] know that me expecta-
tions indulged by the Secretary on this subject are,
and must be, delusive If we receive two and a
half millions from lands this year, we will do well.
I do not forget that the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, in his annual report, holds out the prospect of
an increase of receipts from the lands during the
year from the adoption of the pre empuon and gra-
duation policy—but this too is all a delusion—a
humbug. It is only a continuation of that system
of imposture with which the country has been so
long misguided and lured on to the most injurious
and destructive measures The supporters of the
pre-emption and graduauon principles in the future
sales of the public lands well know that he receipts
from that source will not be increased to the
amount of one cent within the year, etenif they
should succeed in carrying out the views they pro-
fess upon this subject at the present session. I go
further. I ¡say they not only do not expect any in-
crease of means from that source, but ihey do not
intend that there shall be any. If I am wrong in
this statement, I challenge any gentleman w|,0
knows the contrary to rise in his place and correct
me. No, sir, they know they have no m'ention of
putting any additional means from this source into
the Treasury within the present year Yet we
continually hear that the Tieasuryis to be reple-
nished by the passage of a pre-emption law.
[Mr Hubbard of Alabama said that he intend-
ed that sales suould be effected under the pre-emp-
tion law, if it should piss, during the present jear,
and he added that a large -mrunt of the public
lands, had been surveyed and could be entered
within the year J
I do not undtrtake, said Mr Bfll, to speak of
the views of every individual arrong the
friends of the Administration, in or cut of
he House, upon this subject. I only speak
ot the aggregate intention and pol cy of the
party now and lately in power, and I know them
to be such as I now state, from ihe met conclu-
sive facts and circumstances. But, 1st me ask the
gentleman from Alabama, though he may not in-
tend 'o prohibit prompt payment from the se ler or
the present owner of ,i farm, who may wish to buy
adjoining lands, under the araduaUon principle, if
he intends to compel immediate pavment* or, ra
ther, if he does not intend io give time? Doe-, he
not know that the determina!  n is o give ai least
twelve months' credit to both the setileis and hold-
ers of adjoining laDds? Sir, I have long been a
close observer of their pol cy Th~ gentlemin
from Illinois [Mr Reynolds] b ought the subject
of the graduador policy before the House at an
early day of the session, and he made quite an ef-
fective speech upon the subject, but not a svllable
did he utter to commit bun to the policy of imme-
diate sales and prompt payment The pre-emp ion
principle has been chiefly discussed m the Senate,
and, alihough I have been kept from my place
here by indispov-mon for several weeks, I have not
lost sight of the ltnpor'ant movements now maning
on die political chessboard Í have been so
altenti/e to them thai I am able txuaffirm with eon
fidtnee that no money was íatended to be brought
into the Tieasury, within the yeir, by the adoption
of etiher of the measuies alluded to
[Here Mr Reynolds rose and remarked that, a?
he nad been alluded to, he would explain what he
had said upon the subject of the public land ¡f be
was permitted ]
It is not necessary, said Mr Bell I hive read
the gentleman's speech, tnough I did not hear it
I understand him w 11 I will do him the justice
to sav that he is one of the most ingenious gentle-
men in this House He excels in the art of getting
along with the peonle, if I may be allowed to con
vey in common phraseology the idea of superior
tact and address in electioneering But, at the
same time, it ought to be borne m mind that many
an honest and confiding people are most egregious-
ly and grievously deceived and imposed upon by
such talents Yes, sir, I understand the gentle-
man's speech well enough, and there is nothing in
it to contradict the views I have expressed I have
also noticed the shape of the pre-emption bill in-
troduced in the other branch of Congress, and the
course of the remarks made in its support That
but is a perfect model of legislative d plomacy.
There is not a word m it that mdica'es the time of
payment by the settlers Yet I know that it is not
intended that a single settler shall pay a dollar
within the year, unless he does it voluntarily. Nor
do I find fault with the policy of the friends of the
bill m this respect. In the first place, good money
is very scarce in the We t, as every where else.
If the banks do not resume, the money cannot be
had, to any great extent, and the settler would lose
his pre-emption right for the want of means, and
his improvements wou'd fall into the hands of
speculators and capi'alists from other sections of
the country On the other hand, if the banks should
resume specie payments in the West, to require the
se'tlers to pay for their lands immediately would
shut them i p again. So that either way great
mi«chief would ensue
But I undertake to say, if the door were thrown
wide open and it were in the power of the advo-
cates of ihe graduation and pre-emption policy to
carry out the plans which they prtfess to have so
much at heart, at the present session, they would
not do so I have known them too long, and un-
derstand them too well, to believe they would set-
tle both these qurstions at this time, if they could
For six continuous years hive I warned thesmceie
and candid advocates of this change m our land
system, that it was not meant by tne great leaders
to settle the^e questions for a senes of years to
come I am rot sure that the managers of this
subject out ot the House desire that the pre erup-
tion bill should pavs at the present session. To
pass bo<h, I am sure, is rot dengned, for that would
exhaust their s ock in trade, and he peop'e in ihe
tar West cou'd no longer be made the dupes of
ihose who profr-ss exclude devo un to their inte-
rests. All agí atton upon this 'object would hence-
forward cea e, anr* those who live and hope to rise
by it would lo e at once their ocunation and their
prospects. There are gentlemen present, and from
the West, and who belong to the majority in this
House, who know that I have expressed these
views to lhem privately for the last slX years I
do not mean to be undeistood, in ih se isnarks, as
being opposed to the pre-emption policy, or to the
en^raittng of the graJuauon principle upon our
land system On the contrary, I have been uni-
formly in favor of the pre emption policy—believ-
ing it far better that the risht should be enjoyed un-
der legal sanctions than n violation of lav.
And I believe it will be expedient to adopt the
graduation principle a'so But, upon such ques-
tions, I thmk our law  should be fixed and p°rma-
nent Our policy ought to be proclaimed and esta-
blished in advance of the settlement of ihe fine re-
gions of the We t, that are brought into market
every year or two This vvnole question ought to
be settled, not only for the sake ot the West, but
for the honor of the country and its institutions
I beg pardon of the committee for this digres-
sion. It is a subject too nearly allied to the one
under debate to pass with mt any notice, and tt was
too full of immediate interest, in other aspects than
that wh ch relates to this question, to justify me in
saying ie«s upon it My prime object was to show
that we have no reason to expect any increase of
receipts into the Treasury from the public lands
within the year, by any change in the land system
I have already expressed the conviction that two
mil ions and a half would be the maximum of re-
ceipts from that source within the year, or, at all
events, that it would be unsafe to rely upon a
greater amount.
If I have not erred m assuming that sixteen and
a half millions of dollars from custom, and two
and a half millions from land', were the highest
amounts which could be «afely and confidently re-
lied upon from these sources within the year, the
means of the Treasury will be ¡ess than the Secre-
tary estimated them by the sum of three mil'ions
and a half—that being the differerce between his
estimate of the receipts from customs and lands
and the one I have stated and rely upon This
will, of course, show an increased deficit m the
means of the Treasury m the year 1841, and in-
stead of four million nine hundred and fourteen
thousaad six hundred and seventeen dollars, as be-
