¿5o                                           APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________ Jan. 1841.
26th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
did and c stlv sys'em of internal improvements,
the Southern and plan mg intents are once moie
to groan under renewed restrictions and burilen"
upon foreign commerce, and the intolerable weight
of high protective duties, laid to enrich the manu-
facturers, of the North and Ea«t. The meaning of
all this, sir, when properly interpreted, is, that we
are no longer to consume the products of British
capital and British industry; that we are plnut to
set bounds to the system of foreign credit, which
subjects both our domestic trade and currency to
such ruinous vicissitudss and revulsion , in hort,
that instead of upho'dmg the policy wh ch only
enriches the foreign capitalist, increases the wealth
and financial resources of rival nations abroai,
we design to adopt a system of home proátic-
tion and policy which will ten 1 matenai'y to
reduce and cripple the energies of Great Brit an and
other foreign nations with whom we have any con- I
siderable commercial connections If these ad-
verse and c ntradictory charges be true, the Wh p*
will certainly be the most arrant and urgrattful
koaves recoided in history: for while tnpy areir-
debted to foreign gold and foreign influences for
their present triumph, it would seem that the) bad
determined to use the first m mems of tl eir power
to make unrelenting war upon the inteiesli  o£ tin ir
foreign patrons and fin ml  We are in the 1 abit
of regarding ours Ives, Mr Chairman, the in st
enlightered people in the world, at.d, ukm  'he
people as a whole, I believe we are so. Butlhit
such downright absurdities and nonspn e sh ill I
pass curren'lor ratioral and probable iiuihs, and
that any of our leading statesmen should cond-
tcend to practise such impostures siowsthit we
are yet far m the rear ot lhat decree of eul ght n-
ment which the due efficiency and preservation of
our free system rrqture
I shall conclude, Mi Chairman, with rrp"itit "
the sentiment with « bit h 1 set cut If th i e v ho
arein the majority m Cenzress desire to avoid the
incoBvemen<e and exposure of acalle.il se i i o
Congress, they have it m their power to do h
They must, m the first place, make adoqu-ite p <-
vision forihf deiicuncy in the revenues and mt ins
of the Treasury the present ye-ai To do this ihe}
must authorize the issue of kn millions, i f Trrtmi-
ry notes at least, when they have de tie this, i( it  
decided that the increased deficiency oí th next
year owjhl to be providtd for by a itvisu n oí the
tariff, they should s*t to work to tffi ct that ol ject
atthepiesem s-e-sion It will be to > la e ,it the
commenoement if the ikxi rtgular íe s on to pre
vide by tarrll repulan*ns> lor any elide lency in ihe
revenue for 1842 No bill lor that pui pose viuld
probably pa s until tour oi live nimths oí tl c s s
sion had elap e I. All mh íegulaiu ns, lurfl r-
more, must be pto pf tuve 'n ihe mi .hi t ni, i c
country Will be flooded with the imput-iun if
free goods in anticipation of tin chai¿ i shout n
be laid upon them The whole irid and bn in 
of tha country will be in dang?i of ben g l ro*i
into confusion and disoider, aid as to jnydtfi-it
in the means of ihe Treuury in that \oir, lb  < n'}
remedy whieh will thin be in (ur po«er -will be i
loan, more Treasury i ole , t r a national dtbi All
these inconvo!jieiicc% will result if we 'ail lo pel
early m the pr«tnt j ear, and all the íes onsi11' ty
for ihim will rest upon those \ iiohaie 1  p w i
to anticipate and avoid t em, but a I ni re u   in
exercise it.
SPEECH OF MR. THOMPSON,
or -jouth carouna
In the House of R preventative*, January 21,1R41—
On the bill to  .m'horiz* ihe  issue oí  ¿'ii-asury
notes.
The House being in Oomm ttee of the Whole
on the s>ate of the Union upon the bill mtkug
provision for the lta-e of five rr liton  of Tt< a«ury
notes—
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON of Soa'h Csron-
na, addressed ihe committee as Í illows
Ii is not my purpose again to di c i s the rons't-
tutional power of Congress to issue Ims  ry no c ,
intended 10 circulate as a currency. It is n< t tie
cessary for any practical purpose that I sho i d do
so, and, if it was, I should regard it as a wotk al-
Treasury No'e Bill—Mr. Thompson.
together tupe fl ou- until ihe suguments heretofore
madp on that point have been answered, wh cb, as
\et, has not been done I have no wish to disturb
t^e elf coerplaceney of the Secretary, nor to con -
trove rt the assertion in his report of the "financial
ah Uty" with which he say , with equal truth and
delicacy, "the affairs of the countiy have been
m«inag d by h m " Considering his present pecn-
Ur - condition, he is entitled to some indulgence, as
he has been tiled, 'Bd all that remains to him is "to
show causa is hy the sentence of the law should not
be propounced," and in all such cases much latí,
lude is allowed. The honorable Secretary congra-
tulates tee country tnat, "notwithstanding some ¿e
presstoi s in particular branches of business, or in
paiticu'ar pi ces, the general prosperity has been
such as t) create a large siupb  oi products, and
to e iib'e us to end abroid immense and ineieased
values of ihcm, however gieat the complaints have
bfcn as to knv puces."
I certain y do not envy tie man who, having
charge of the mist re pon-ibie office in the Go-
vernment—one wmch wields a power over the cur-
rency ?nd budines o" the country lit tie short oí ab-
silme autocrat J—and who by a series of experi-
ment1-, iei,klessl> and ignorantly made, has re-
ducía the puo ic Trta uiy lo bankruptcv—carried
in Ivency and mt irj in o the abide  of affluence
and haipipe. s — isyi d an unceas ng and Vandal
«ur ninn conn icr >md credit—repeating h s
blows before th fl  h h d cei ed to quiver from
th< e -Ireaely ii fl < ted, hai i g at la t reduc d ojr
l nror iions iltu t one-bud by deslroymr, not
ti wsutsof oiii p ople fir f< "cign commodities,
but iheir au ht> topurehist them anl re'-ieed'he
value ot eve-iy oi <• of ihe p ciluc's of our induc-
ir)—now «oolly congri'iiktcs Ihe country that he
has not also oes'ioyid the physical aliltty to labor
aid produc —' at 'he limbs and Miiew  of our
pi o'ilp in li timcinshed—hit tne ' still labor in-
i'u i ouslj—ilihotgh, it h tru , tiny get very Utile
ft r   i   p ah ition   el th thbii
W-" havp b'm tnkl by the Cnanman of the
W<>ys ltd Mians tint Ih s me.isare is oniy tempo-
wij, pn I thi>t the c n )t"s Will bt ied(cn,,oJ within
lieyeir If ih it h nuiblc gentleman will turn to
h s sroich at 'he 'a t ses ion, on a -Mmilpr proposi
Hon, he will find ilia' he ¡uld us the very «am 
tí  ig aid "m ips simis" verbis" I then, as now,
snidthit it was net nu", and that ro one intelli-
gent i Í the co id t on of ih cou itrv could think so
And wl at his Ixtn lhi rt all? But the honorable
member siys, w'io could have anticipated such a
I lling iff in ihe customs'—who could have aim
no Hi d sieh i timailment if importation i an-
sí.     , 11 ei y ma i in the United Swes e I any m ei-
I  , ii , ' c pt ihe keeictary T"is, as / i as I
m ( nicer mi, Miiiir  si lacio pre ph t) In a
perol m*M|f e^ily in  the la-t stssion I  uied ibis
lann'iivc
'ill i i i o li tim my ui ¡ he 1 ^ verv much les''
llnnlh   -^   icUiyestimi e«, i   ttl ecx| emlitmes in ichsieilti
II  n tin p  11 lies ihe iev*m p tro n customs lor'lit firn
|iJiu whuii w^ tpt i iat I il © 11>00,000 v, ¡1 not be o e mil
ll n it tin {t>|PU iir tin fuluii i not rcoio thepuni?
i*o f's will nil 1 ii íporttd fn many ied ons Thoic ih moip
po Is i v\mthpc in r; thm aici ink I m ieilthy con liuon
el c un n lit, mil i n icy v lymmy more hf o cin be ^oll it
ill l n -* up i )\\h m h the nrpoi 1111" men ¡ai t to sell
f              H t 1 t i i tiy rncic mt i Avrnm is he in
t okI ih i' it t nlc II hp I 3 h will not íe
rui | i ii ni f jmitile I Dutihri Inn nomoiev
1   I iy        i    N       r i     Ptl   I   nop  on lnif t na \ t lie les
I       i   iv bt         n   \|             I lies        rin      be b Id   and
thee !y tlttii it t is t rep poitlhnm oi let them rot ( n the
niche
Xh t o ii'en ica1 dung'! hive (ccuned wh ch
weie Dui'ictrl-a t'lrru-ut'on ot impor'S, aid n -
c er c of ('me lucks Th ac on t m the report of
Ih  feeeretaty, a er th" event ,  i h a charge of a
v-ry few «oid , is the same as m> cmfi lent pre-
diciie n be'oie, ahd }et he regards it as? jreat Ron-
dar, ind h" en i man if the Ways aid Means
me s mnrcent y ex*"   ras, -« ho could have an icidp-
tcd th, i l rn>wer, any oni,, not wilfully blind
We   m'ed foreign good , it is true, but we wanted
als > tne abil ly to bay then. Tne great law of de-
mand and soj p g iverns tms, as all the oih r ope-
ra ions oi ci t'.merce But what is demand? It is
njt s mply the w-iuts of a community, bit it !K com-
pounded of those wants, and an ability k buy
lis Camanchc Indian , no doubt, need fi ty mi'
lions ot merchandise, but they have not the means
H. of Reps
of bu ing. Would any one, ttien,  ay that there
was a demand there for thess fifty millions] Cer-
tainly not. The severe and protracted pressure
which we have been suffering, has cut down the
consumption of every class of society ¡o the lowest
possible point. Never has there teen a greater re-
volution in the personal circumstances and habits
of a people—a chaDge almost instantaneous fro-n
repletion to raanimn—from profuse indulgence to
a parsimontous economy. Men have been re-
strained to the pressing wants of absolute neces-sity.
What wonder, then, that impoitations have been
diminished as the market ha  b en íeduced, and
that the public lands have remained unsold to a
people who have had no money to purchase them.
But it v as not at the last session alone that vie
were told that t^p e loans were only temporary. It
has been the umforei language which has been be d
to us I well lemembtr that more than two years
agu my eollea-ue [Mt. RhettJ read me a severe
lecture, because I ptef'^red a loan—an honest,
bona fide, consti'utional loin—to th .5 fraudulent,
deceptive, and ui consatutional measure He was
amazed that I, a Southern man,  hould be m favor
of a public* debt I could not then, as I cannot
now, see any dufererc m that particular between
a debt contracted by th- l suing of cerlificates of
s ock, bearmg five per cent, interest, and ihe issue
of Tieasury notes to the sime amount, bearing five
percent merest I could not see that it was tne
less a debt when the obligation was precisely the
same, because these obligations were written on
d fferent kinds of paper, and with different engrav-
ings and devices, nor because, in the case of stock,
we shi old hive one' hundred creditors, instead of,
oy this measure, five tnousand. But I did see
another, pnd, to me, not an unimportant difference,
the one was a measuie c'eirly constitutional, the
other palpably and dangerou ly unconstitutional.
And wnat was the repl>—the sm¿le and onlv re-
ply"! Why, it was this that the loan would be a
permanent debt, and that these notfs would be re-
deemed probably in three , certainly in sit. months
How has the result falsified this calculation' And
ytt tie very san e men, one and all, with a modest
seif complacency —I had almost said vt nh cool assu-
rance—come and make to us, with an air of oracu lar
confidence, the very same predictions which there-
suit has already thrice falsified I am oppostd to
ih-se temporary and unconstitut onal expedients- to
raise money—this spendthrift cour e of not look ng
one month ahead to antcip^te the exigency, but
providing for it under pri eit and exireme pres-
sure, and then only p ovidmg for it, not by pay-
ing, but by ci inging the form of the deot, this Jere-
my D ddler po i'j of living liom hand to mouth,
and depending forever on the l st resource of all
rccii'c s spendthrifts, of borrowing or giving a note;
and, I repeat, th'U the financial ahihty of the pre-
sent Secretary «epias to be summed up in the rare
art of givm<* a no e No, sir, let us come i p to
the work Let us m et th-emergency with the
firmness and mtelligenes of statesmea,and pmvide
permanent means lor meeting a permanent deficit
in the revenues, an I abandon th.s course of tem-
porary expedients as dishonor n? in the end to the
ciee'it anl character ot a Goveinrnent as it is to
those of an individual That there w 11 be a defi-
c encv of means to meet the demands on the Trea-
sury, I cannot suppose ¡hat any one doubt- It has
alrcidi been demonstrated by tho'e who have pre-
ceded me, and if Ia"anad,er, however bneñf,
to that branch of the suij-et, i  is not wnM tne idle
and unnecessary puroosp of  ho«.irig the inaccura-
cies of tie Secretan, his w?nt of intelligence, <rt"3
want of candor. ínat w u'd be to pile Pelion
upon Ossa—one ffore added 10 the multitude of bts
misuKes would not even be not ced, if any one of
hi  e>timates has been verfied by results for the
last three vears, I am ignorant of it. Certain it is
that mistake is the general ru'e—accuracy the ex-
cep ion. I do not ra tne least doubt that Mr.
Woodbury wil> leave the Treasury twenty millions
in debt I am certain fifteen m llions. Will the
?cr-umg revenue sanpon ihe Government, how-
ever economical, and pay this debt? It will not.
I do not believe that those revenues will even meet
the currem expenses of the Government, even, if
things stand as they are, without any of those rx-
