254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong""2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Thompson.
H. of Reps.
ket, not only of indemnifying themselves for the increased
price on the imported articles which they consume, but m a
great measure of comm mdmg the industry of the rest of the
Union The argument urged by them lor the adoption of the
system, and with much success, is, that the price of products
and property m the manufacturing States must be thereby in
creased, which charge proves the beneficial operation of the
system on (hem It is by this very incitase of price whuh
must be paid by their fellow citizens of the South that the in
demnity to the manufacture! is effected And by means of this,
the fruits of our toil and labor which, on every pnnciple of jus
tice, ought to belong to oui selves, are transfeired from us to
them The maxim, that the consumers pay, strictly applies to
us. We aie mete consuméis, and destitute of all means oí
transfeiriog the burden fiom ouiaelves to others
"The case, then, (airly staled between us and the manufac-
turing States, is, that the tariff gives them a prohibition against
foreign competition in our own market m the sale of their
goods, and deprives us of theSbenefit of a competition of pin
chasers for our raw material "
Tins, sir, was ihe gravamen of all our opponents
to the tariff—that duties were la>d on arttc'es
which were manufactured here, and as to which
the manufacturers receded compensation in in-
creased pi ices ot what ihey -old for all they paid
as consumer*; and that such duties were'not laid
on aruclts as to which they, like ourselves, were
consumers only.
The following is sn extract from an address of
the same convention, on ihe part of South Caro-
lina, to her sister State , after she had nullified the
tariff laws. In a grave, solemn, and well con-
sidered appeal to these States, the principles of a
tariff, with which alone it was dtcl.ued that the
State would be satisfied, are laid down, and this of
taxing the articles now duty free was the leading
point insisted on-
"Is there any ju&tice m taxing the iron, s dt, sugai,the coiise
woollens and the calicoes ol the pool and middling classes, of
the farniei and mechanic, and n t taxing at nil the winti   the
ellks, and tho spices 01 the  wealthy and luxuuoos elates ot
society 7   Of our imnoitation oi is39 seventy six millions wetc
duty freo, and eighty five millions p ud duty    The articles duty
free were, almost without  exception,   alucies  usel   by III
wealthy, oi law nnituals used in the lactone-*, wlnl ttiioaiu
clestaxel arc asmvambly uncles of uectsoiiy, u&ed by those
in indigent or moth rate circumstances    Theio aie one hun
dred districts repiesciuod on this lloor in which there uemt
twenty men who wouki be aliened bv dunes on wine, and not
twenty who are not alia ted by the prt sent tn iff
"Having now piebented loi the consi lei tti n of the I < lenl
Government uidouii nit dciati Mutt3 ihelixid mil lmal de
termination of this Male in n I ilion ti tin pioiedm • system, it
remains foi ustooubmu a p! in of li\aimn m which vv, w uild
be willing to acijuieste, m a spun <l mutuil conctv ¡un ¡no
vided woaie met in duo time, uidiu i becoming -pun, liy the
States inhiested in the piottetion ofniariufictuus
"We hehevu thai, upon ( veiy pist and tqmUblt pnnciple of
taxation, the whole lu.1 ol piolet tedarnc es tdiouldbe imp ittd
free of duty, and thai thcievttiue dtuve 1 fiom tighiei imports
should bi lulscd exclusively f om the unprolcitet artuln oi
that, svhout ver a duly if imposed upon iron ted anulen un
poried, an excise duiv of ihebaim rate should hi inipo-,< U upon
allsimilai amelen nianufactuicd in tin I mud fe¡ ties tins
would boas near an approach in puk, teqn ihty n, touldpoi
Bitjly be made in. a system ol indirect tixunon Itut we no
wilfiog to make a largo olluing to pic^eivo the I mon, and
with % dislinu declara! ion tli u it n i concession on , ui ¡ in,
we will consent that the same nti oi duty may be imposed up
on the protected mueles, provided that no mon levenue be
raised than is neccssaiy to miel Ihe demands ol the Government
f >r constitutional pmposes -mil pi ivided tint i dutv suhsnn
tially uiiifoini be imposed upon ill foielyi impotts "
This point, however, was not yuldtd to u% and
there was a lorg list oí anieles írt e ot duly Hww
was this done? At the instance of the anti-tanff
party? No. But tti spite ot then tamest and con-
tinued remonstrance. The list was made out by a
tariff m n, and with aspee al view to the benefit ol
the tariff laterea, Mr. Clay, in the same aititle
to which 1 have refeind, gives the following un-
contradicted account < f ihis matter:
illhen bejondthtt i enod is the provision lot cash duties,
home valuations,aloiif' md iiliei U hbtol free articles <aitlti
ly made out by my fi < rid hom liliode 1^1 mil  [Mi   K\t< ut }
expressly foi the benelit ol ihe in muía turéis"
A second meeting ot the Convention wns called
to consider the compromise at t lis leading pro-
visions are discussed in the leport of tiat b dy, and
one of the leading, indeed the most prominent ob-
ject on presented m Uiat report to the act of March,
1833, was, that certain articles were admitted duty
free.    Htar wh it is said upon that point:
' It is this aspect ot the question whuh Ira íeconcdcd us to
the piovtsions ofth in w bill (certainly not free hum obifc
lions) which piovide In the introduction ol winis, eilU,
worsteds, and a nun>uer of ot cr mielen, fiee of dun "
It was objec unab e, gieatly objec lonable; but,
in considerauon ot o hei compels 'mg Knefiis, the
Convention was"ieccncilcd"in it It did at tapprove
but was resinc'lid Not,   r, bow stands ihis
whole matter'1 The pr nciple that lexur es woi Id
be taxed, at bast equally wuh ntce saries, no o ie
ever has or can contrctert In adduion to which,
it is the principle fur which we of the anti-
tariff party have m all tune contended, as not only
just on the well-settled and admitted principles of
political economy, but as the only principle which
is not grossly unjust and unequal in its operations.
Tne combined influence of experience and argu-
ment has convinced our opponents. They say to
us, Gentlemen, you are right in this matter, and, as
we need more money, let us not duturb the com-
promise, but let us tax thoje luxuries wb,ch none
of us manufacture, and all of us u«e And we refuse
to doit. To what end have we labored to enforce
our arguments'? Was it to convince our opponents,
and to obtain ihe practical íesulis of a corresponding
change in the system of imposts'! or merely fi r
the dialectic triumph—not only to ¡-how that we
could take any side ot the argument and ma'ntam
i —that we would not then lay taxes on the protect-
ed articles, nor allow the duties to be taken off
other articles? Now, it is piopoted, not to incteace
the dutiek on the protected articles, but to restore
the duties on luxunes, which we protested strenu-
ously against being taken off And we again ob-
ject to the duties being laid on May it not well
be asked what will saiufy us? Is no such a course
like that of a pouting child, who refuses to have
his biscuit buttered on one side or on the othei? I
broadly assert that theie is no one principle which
has been so cons'antly asserted b/ the anti-tariff
party as this of laxmg luxuries and other articles
now free of duty. Suppose that we had no reve-
nue at all, and it was propostd to lay duties on
wines and silk ; would any arm-tar'ff man op-
pose it? x\o one wou tl Although ws have
st me levenue, we have not eneugh , and as
to the deficiimy, it i precisely the tame, not a
shade o( diiftrtnce.
This bungs me to the ¡a ' propo ilion whith I
have asserted—hat, it I «as free fiom all obliga
tionufot ihe subject, I should, witn<ut one mo-
ment's hesitation, adopt tie pnneip e of taxing
luxuries The two giea es( points of consideration
in all questions of taxation are, that the tax should
be as lntle as possible burdensome, and that it
should be willingly paid. Both these are attained
by a tax on such articles as wines and silks, in an
tininmt degree The tax is paid by the wealthy,
and those who do not feel in the sligh'est degree
the niel eased pric from ihe duty, audit is paid
willingly No one pajs it who docs not chose to
do it. Not so with such articles as now b ar the is hole
burdens oí the levenue They <tre articUs. of pume
necessity, f uch as salt and iron, which the 1< ss opu-
lent are obliged to lwe, and rinnol choose whe-
thtr they wnl pay the tax or not
I will not weaty the committee by the discussion
ol a proposition which no one lias as jet ques
Honed—the peculiar justice of a tax on luxuries.
The pnncip'e, as universally adnmied, goes further
than is n.ees^iry to this argument. It gots to
taxing luxuries and exempting necessaries But
all that is now contended ft i is, that ihty should
bear some tax, «Ithoug'i not even as huh a rate as
necessaries. This bun? a pnnciple universally
corceded, and specially insisted on by the South, I
wtud not oppose it even it its sectional bearings
and tendencies were d sadvantajeous I will not,
either from principle or policy, act from the dictates
of that terrapin patriotism which draws itself within
its own shell in a matiei wheit a just discrimi-
nation may be made, I «hall, of course, pieier my
own section But I wi 1 not viola e the well-esta-
blished princple'i of poli ic-il ectnomy and of manl-
iest justice to benefit my-üt or my own peculiar
people, and, s r, let me say to Siuthern men that,
it ihey are restrained by no other considerations, is
it wne to < dopt cuch a course' We are, and al
ways will be, the weaker interest. If we ?ct upon
prtne pl s thus exclusive, what aie we to expect
from others' If oe adop' Ishmael as our model,
and set our If ees against all men, may we not ex-
pect that all men will set thcr faces f gunst w-i
If we thus act, v ith what grace shall we hereafter
read lectures to our Worth.rn brethren about honor,
justice, pa'notiMB? But, sir, if pen iemen vili Us-
en to no arguments on ihiu subject but iho^e of an
ext 'usive character, forgetting ihat we owe duti s
to the C liftdeiac/ as will as to our pail cularsec
tions, I submit to them that no principle of taxation
can be as fair and as just to the South as this is
Oae reason, for thjs is enough—duties must be laid
on something Tqese anieles (silks and wines)
are not manufactured in this country, and lhere.
fore no class or section is benefited by the increase
of price. They are consumed equally in the
different sec'ions, and therefore the duty is paid
equally. Is there any other better source of reve-
nue's The only other that can be suggested is an
increased du'y on the piotected articles—an the
artic'es manufacured here Do s any anti-tanff
man prefer thai' If he does, ler htm dare to say-
so. But, sir, I submit that an increase of duties
on ihe protecled articles would not increase reve-
nue. It is not every increase of the rate of duty
which increases revenue. On the contrary, writers
of the highest authority maintain that any duty
beyond twenty p.r cent, diminishes revenue.
The manufacturers well know this; we of the anti-
tanff sthool alwajs to!d them so; and that the pre-
sent rate of duties was better for them than
any higher rate. Experience, that great teacher,
ha proven to them what our arguments failed to
do, and this accounts tor the fact that thf gentle-
men from New York and Maine [Mr. Barnard
ard Mr Evans, tariff men,] and myself are found
together on this subject How we come tegether
is no lockout of mine. I stand where I always
did. They have come to me. Why have they
done so2 Becauce it is stipulated in the compro-
nii-e so—so stipulated a* 'he instance of the South;
that a de&cit of revenue shall be supplied by duties
on the unprolectel articls; and because they have
found, as we h-uve always asserted, that the pre-
sent rate of dut.es was protecion enough. The
only ot ject of protecting duties, as the term imple^,
¡s to keep out foreign competition. The present
duties accomplish that, additional duties would do
no more, wht'st a domesiic competition would be
thus encour. ged. The manufacturers, therefore,
canmt possibly g'in by it, but must lo«8.
I have he.ird one, and only one, objection made
to th s proposition, and that i.,, that, as Southern
staples, rice, cotton, and tobacco, are received in
exchange fi r French «ilk* and wines, any increase
ot duty will greatly dimmish the consumption of
those articles, and destroy the ability of France to
purchase oui commodities. This, sir, is a genuine
humb jg from the original Missouri mint. I have
seen another humbug frcm the same quarter, per-
vading the country and my own State, with the
exception of my own district, and adopted and
chenshfd until it bacame superstitious fanaticism—
a thirg not to be met with argument, as no super-
stition is. I believe it it, a law of all superstitions
that ihe moie absurd n is, the more fana'ical are
are its devotee-. I cannot say that this, the latest
humbug, will not have an equal run—but a hum-
bui; it is Will any gentleman inform me what
article < f foreign production we can tax which is
not iiab e to this same objection, ihat it is paid for
wih Southern stapW2 All our commerce nearly
is earned on with those staples; wines, and silks,
not a whit more than salt, sugar, rice, or any other
article. Those staples may be said to be the cur-
rency of foieign commerce—the medium p,f all its
exchanges. Unless, wme answer can be given to
this, there is an end of the argument. You must
torbear lo lay any impost duty at all, and retort to
alchymy and direct taxation. But I go further.
As to any other article, it may not only be said
with equal truth that it is paid for with Southern
s'aples, but as to those artic'es the effect is uncom-
pensaied, but as lo s'lk, the lecdental compensa-
tion, if not complete, is nearly so. certainly greater
than on any other aifcle If silk dresses are not
w< rn, cotton fainos will be suDsituted, and cotton
muslins cost neatly as much, and ara one-fourth
as durable, so mat, tor any silk fabric excluded,
an equivalentwnl be supplied in olhcis of cotton,
on' own part'cular Map e. Thus, I repeat, shall
we incidentally be compensated more on this than
on any e th«r artic't. But I deny that the duty on
Si.ks and wines will matenally dimmish consump-
tion. Ihey are art c'e. of vanity and pride, not of
neces'.íy. Tney are used by the wealthy, and the
ppce which they bear is oft^n th  inducement to
tdtir purchdst—not an objecnon—the real value.,
not the criterion of value. To whatever'extent,
however, the consumption of these articles is re-
duced, the vis medwettnv of commerce will supply
