Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLÓSE-
SE
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Davis.
H. of Reps.
troduced by his successor, will be State papers
unambiguous, frank, and comprehensible, un-
sophisticated in argument, and in detail of facts
presenting the naked and reliable truth Yes,
when President Harrison speaks to the American
People and to Congress, it will be m language
frank and intelligible, to which every body may
confidently appeal, as the exponent of his princi-
ples, and as the vehicle of accurate information.
But the President's confidential officers have
presented to him directly still stronger testimony of
the insufficiency of these estimates. The Secre-
tary of War, in his annual report, says "The
whole coast, from Passamaquoddy bay to the Sa-
bine river, is exposed, on every point not defended
by nature, to be invaded with impunity, and in the
event of war, the expense of attempting to defend
this long line by troops, for one year only, would
cost more than to erect the works which have
been planned, and which are deemed sufficient to
defend the several points of at lack along the
whole coast' Again. "During your administra-
tion, nearly forty one thousand Indians have been
added to those already residing on the western
boundary, while the additional securities to the
border States have not been commensurate to the
additional dangers to which such an increase of
warlike and discontented neighbors exposes them."
But Mr. Poinsett presents the paucity of our
means in a still stronger point of view "When-
ever," says he, "the condition of the Treasury will
permit, it is very desirable to erect new barracks
at West Point. Those at present there are dilapi-
dated buildings, originally badly constructed, and
now in a siate of decay, which renders th'm as un-
healthy as they are inconvenient "
But do these gentlemen propose to be any more
provident of the interests of our glorious Navy?
The Secretary of this Department directs the Board
of Navy Commissioners to make rut their esti-
mates for that arm of the public defence, not accor-
ding to its want', and with an enlightened regard
to its vigor and efficiency, but allows them to select
"objects and amounts ot expenditures," withm the
scope of an inexorable restriction to $5,025,000
This   arrangement meets ihe  more pressing de-
mands of the Navy, and leaves to be applied to
its permanent increase the paitry sum of $100,000.
Now, sir, apon this review, we, the friendo of the
coming in Administration, reproach those who are
going out of power, that they are not making an
adequate and proper provision for the public ser-
vice; that they sacrifice patriotism and the lofty
pride connected with national  power and gloiy to
a blind, despicable paity attachment, and to  t«e
ignoble purpose of embarrassing the Government
of their  country, because it is about to be swayed
by a President not cf their choice.    And for this
we are taunted, that at the  last session our song
carried all the time the popular burden of retrench-
ment  and economy,   that we   are suddenly  me-
tamorphosed by the acquisition  of power, and  are
giving early indication of a propensity to run a
career   of   large   and   extravagant   expenditure
Those against  whom we were lately hurling the
heaviest thunders of denunciation for a reckless
and profligate was e of the public treasure, are now
attempting to turn  this battery upon us    Let us
look a litde  deeper   nto this matter.   Mr. Van
Buren and bus minister of finance propose to allow
General Harrison to expend, during the next year,
in every branch of the pablic service, $19,250,000,
provided they have not   over-estimated   the  re
sources  by  which that sum is to be rai-ed    And
how is that to be realized  and brought into  the
Treasury?   Mr, Woodbury calculates thf eus'oms
to furnish  $19,000,000, and  the sates of public
lands $3,500,000    Last year the same resources
yieldsd §17,120,103, of which the avails of the cus-
toms were about $ 14 000,000.    Now we have re
turns from the   .treasury, which inform us that
the first quarter will produce something more than
ihree  millions.    This is not matter cf conjecture,
but one of the tests of tim      In  December next,
by the   operation  of  the  compromise, the   dutus
will fall off $2,500,000, and  as that sum  would
amount to  a pretiy good profit upon the importa-
tion of dutiable artie es, no m^re of them will be
brought in for some considerable  time before that
17
date than will be required by ihe active demands
of our market. We can only form opinions, but
give to these t aro facts their proper consideration,
and can any candid man come to any other con-
clusion than that the Secretary has greatly over-
rated the produce of the customs? Can any rea-
sonable expectation be indulged that the last three
quarters will produce each upwards of five millions
of dollars' No, sir, the customs cannot be lehed
upon for m-ire than fifteen millions, and, from the
aggravation of the general contraction in our mone-
tary affairs that will be produced by the operation
of the Sub Treasnry, and a general attempt of the
banks to resume specie payments, thf amount
arising from the sales of public Ian K wjll pioba-
bly not exceed three million-; ofdoil?is Ttien, a
surplus in the Treasury oí §2,000,000, the esti-
mates of the Seer  ary of War for the Florida
service bemg $2,388,579, toe amourn necessary to
meet the claims of individuals and the States, and
unexpended objects of expenditure, amoun'mg at
least'o $1,000,000, and the excess of the Secretary's
estima'es of the receipts of the year, make an ag-
gregate beyond his anticipated surplus of $9,064,-
306 I do not thmk any candid man would ven-
ture an opinion that the deficiency in the revenue
would not be at lea^t that amount, and in m> judg-
ment it will be considerably ab_>ve it. But the con-
dition of things will be much vor e for the next
and subsequent years, unless Congress adopts some
remedial legislation Mr Woodbury informs us
"The progressive redaction of the present tariff,
which has been going on since 1833, will, after
December, 1841, take effect toa much larger ex-
tent than heretofore Nearly two millions and a
half of dollars will then be deducted at one  "
"On the first of Jul/ afterwards, at least two mil-
lions and a half more of duties will be vemovej,
making an aggregate, in six months, of qui e five
millions. If the imports, then, should not differ
much from tnose of 1838, this would leave an in-
come from them not probaoly exceeding ten or
e'even million annually." The Secretary presents
his side oí the case as favorably as in any candor
he could, an 1,1 have no doubt, gives us a larger
result than will be justified by experience The
avaiage amount of imports will not equal those
of 1838, and the revenue arising from them will
generally be under ten millions. The sales of
public lands will bring in ahout three million-,
yearly, and thus there will be tnirteen millions an-
nually to sustain thi  Government mall its multi-
form an I extensive operations—jur Hrge and
ramified c vil list, our Indian rela ions, our fo-
reign in «rcour^e with all the nations of ih  earth,
our army, our navy, our vast internal polity
The Secretary knows that this cannot b > done upon
the scale which ha*, so long prevailed, and reasons
with hims"lf a remedy for this state of things. H^.
present-., in then order, issues ot Treasury notes, or
loans—the disunetive panacea of this Administra-
tion, a recall of the surplus deposited with the
States, direct taxation, and some extensive modifi
cation of the present tariff, all of is inch he re-
pudi ttes, and he winds up by closing "ihe large
reductioi of the expendiMres-,' an 1 recommends
that "the reduction be pushed vi or«usly " As
our resources would be only two-third-, of what he
has admitte t, m his meagre, stmt«-d estima'es, to
be necessary f< r the cerv>ce of thts year, to bring
down the expenditures to the receipts would re-
quire a redaction tinre vgsrously thin has ever
yet been seen A person umifoimeá oí the fact
would conclude tha* this Secretary, in his admi-
nistration of his Department, n-ust hare been a
great friend of economy, and have signalized him-
self by the ex F"t and impirtance f his retrench-
ments, fnai, as h" had exposed bis i pinion
with so much lonfi ence, lint abiui 'hi teen mil-
lions annual! v woo d suffir-e hi  successors 'o sus-
tain this Government and to fos*c and p'ot-c1 fll
the inter «ts nf this gre.it nation, surely it could not
have reauired moie thanfife^n millons to have
enabled him to effect the sime objec s But what
would be hi =mazjm~i)t , i tur in<* to the arctuves
of the Treasury office, to find that th s Secietary,
who h?> Vm so ostentatiously >-ead ng tec ure 
upon economy t thos<- who an; to foil >w him,
l!   bad m the la-t foul years expended an  aggregate
of $135,679,548? Be not startled, sir, 'tis true, 'tis
passing true though His strange, it is wondrous
strange- and thus this vast amount is distributed
through that period. In the year 1837, were ex-
panded $35,281 361, in 1838, $37,150,118, in 1839,
$36,604,413, and in 1840, $26 643,656; and this
grand aggregate would have been swollen to $145,-
000,000, but for the vigorous assaults made by the
Whigs upon the present party in power for its un-
precedented wastefulness; and that the last session
of Congress immediately preceded the Presidential
election. But there are the unsatisfied balances
against the Treasury, untold, unknown, but doubt-
less sufficient to eke out that mighty sum. Now,
in the name of the American people, I demand to
know of the Administration what has it done with
this immense treasure? How has it been appro-
priated, and where are the csmmensurate results?
Have our important harbors been cleared out,
buovs erected to warn the manner from dangers
beneatn the ocean buried, and light-houses peered
high, with mspirng gleams shooting across the
midnight watery 'va^te, to guide him to his havens
Has. our Navy been increased apace wnh our
growth, and kept fully sufficient for the exigencies
of a com-nerce spreading into every sea, and ex-
ploring every land1 Have roads and canals been
cabed into existence, to speed the interchanges of
intelligence and commerce throughout this extended
confederacy, and to concentiate its power at any
point where danger may threaten on its four thou-
sand miles of frontier, of ocean, lake, and forest'
Have our Atlantic cities anl commercial empo-
riums been*secured against sudden invasion by im-
pregnable fortifications, armed with great ordnance,
whose deep intonations mimic Heaven's artillery?
In this great and warlike nation, armed, in full
coat of mail, resting >n dread repose, but ready for
the shock cf battle, desiring friendly relations with
the nations of the earth, asking of all nothing but
"<vhat i rght," and determined and fully pre-
pared "to submit to nothing that is wrong?" No,
sir, no, all iht se questions, fraught with so much of
momentous interest to the American people, must
be answered in the negative Any man not parti-
cularly informed would have supposed that the
leading and permanent object , the repairs of
the Navy, the gradual increase of our military
manne, ihe construction of fortifications, the
making of roads and canals, the improvement of
harbors and rivers, the procurement of ordnance
and the armament of our fortifications, would, in
the aggregate, have claimed at least one-fourth of
th s total disbursement. How would he be
shocked and outraged to learn that those nine
great and es ential interests had, altogether, shared
less than tweive millions of dollars of that immense
expenditure, and that, excluding $4,400,000 for the
repairs of the Navy, all the others had had, in the
last four jears, but $7,553,123 appropriated to
them, without deducting any thing from that
amount for unexpended balances that have re-
mained more than two years, and thereby fell beak
into th" surolus fund. In the session of 1839,
th-re was nothing appropriated for harbors and
rivers, the last session, nothing, and the whole of
the last appropriation for fortifications was virtu-
ally repealtd by the President's exercise of the sus-
pending power.
The Sec-etary of War tells us that our situa-
tion is so defenceless that we are exposed to be at-
tacked with impunity at eveiy point, where nature
has not interposed her protection, and that our
very bvraeks are falling into dilapidation and rum.
But who can contemplate the condition of our
Navy without felines of indignation and humility?
Years ago, Congress directed the building of the
frigate Congress, and also of six small ships of
war, but *o pressing and important have been
othei demnds upon the Treasury, that no money
could be spwdfor the frigate and for one of the
s-hahei ships The few vessels we have m com-
mission are bareby kept afloat, m a state of great
inefficiency, whilst those m ordinary and on the
stocks have been slowly, but certainly, going to
decay Our commerce has been suffering for
the want of a sufficent force to protect it, m al-
most every sea About the time of the com-
mencement of the commercial troubles at Cast on
