262_______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________      Jan. 1841
26th Cong-—2nd Sjsss.                                            Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Lane._______________-^______________       H. of Reps.
The burdens of Government are not equal, nor at'
the benefits. The luxuries of the rich, many of
them, pay no duty, whilst the necessities of the poor
are all taxed, By the tariff laws of this Union, the
silken drapery which envelopes the gorgeous couch
of the rich man pays no tax; whilst the cok! thin
mattress and scant blankets of the poor bear a hea-
vy duty. Strange, sir, yet true. I have always
considered the exemption of luxuries as one of the
anomalies of Republican legislation; and have
wondered, often wondered, how so much of practi.
cal oppression could have been so long tolerated.
It is now time to amend, if not atone for, the er-
ror* of the past.
Senflemen may talk of reform; we invite them
to the work here. They are the friends of the poor,
now is the time most gloriously to signalize their
regard. We ask the poor man's friend to attest the
sincerity of his professions by his deeds. The wine
that gladdens the heart of wealth, and maketh mer-
ry the board of his festivity; the silks which high-
bred wornen wear; and the spices which stimulate
the sated palate of the luxurious gourmand, ate
now proposed to be moderately taxed. Sir, you,
must do this, or raise your money from ihe over-
wrought muscles, the blood and bones of laborious
poverty. We shall see, sir, who are in truth the
friends of the poor.
The rate of duty will be regulated by the amount
of money required. I have already sta'ed that I
aw opposed to all duties but fur revenue; and I
now say *I will vote «nly für so much revenue to be
raised as will pay the expenses of an economical
administration. The expenditures of the Govern-
ment ought and I hope will be reduced. We are
not now called upon to vote any specific amount of
duties; the proposition is, that the Committee of
Ways and Means be instructed to report what
amount may be required. Sir, whenever this bill
is brought forward, I shall not support it if it
raises one dollar more than will pay the national
debt and sustain the Government. The public
debt must be first ascertained, and the estimates of
the expenditure furnished. I am, therefore, pledged
to support no bill which does not fall within ihe
position  I now assume.
The member from South Carolina remarked
that he was at a loss to know the reason why du-
ties were now prsposed to be laid, until he heard it
alleged, in the Senate that more revenue would be
necessary to supply the deficit in the public income,
occasioned by the distribution of the proceeds of
the public lands. For myself, I am influenced by
no such reason. I am aware that it is said, ami
reiterated daily, that high tariff's and profuse ex-
' penditares, each begetting ihe other, will be among
• the leading measures of the new Administration.
For-'one, I do not believe it. Whether ihe distri-
bution measure prevails or not, it is apparent to all
that the Government must have more means.
That necessity ought to be, by candid men, consi-
dered as sufficient reason for a revision of our im-
post law*.
Mr. Chairman, I have been greatly surprised to
find leading Southern statesmen so willing to relax
the obligations of the compromise; obligation  so
essential to Southern interests. I remarked before
that, in that agreement, are to be found ihe sttong-
est guarantees against protective duties, (n it are
stipulations conservative of Southern principles.
Whether it was originally just to the South or not,
it is useless now to acquire. She has acquiesced
in it, and so have the manufacturers. Interests
have grown up under it which we may not now
rightfully disturb; the benefits provided for the
Hofth have been secured. The manufacturing in-
terests, I am induced to believe, ara satisfied with
the protection it affords them; they desire no
change. And the time has arrived when the con-
ditjioiis favorable to the South are beginning to be
operative. Our guarantees are now to be availa-
Dlef and shall We cast them off, by annulling the
compact? No, sir; rather let us ratify it anew, by
now acting under its provisions. Whaf are some
of those conservative guarantees? I call your at-
tention to one, sir, of vast moment, winch, if faith-
fully observed, will quiet forever the exciting and
topic of protective duties. One of the covenants of
the contract is, that "until the 30th June, 1842, the
duties imposed by existing laws, as modified by
this act, shall remain and continue to be collected;
and from and after the day aforesaid, soca duties
shall be laid for the purpose of raising such reve-
nue as may be neeessaiy to an economical admi-
nistration of the Government."—See 3d sec. act
1833.
Now, sir, you perceive that, by virtue of the
compromise act, it.is the solemn pledge of the par-
ties thereto, that, from and after the 30lh June,
1849, no duties shall be ¡aid but for revenue. Not
only st; but that the amount of such revenue shall-
be limited to the wants of an economical adminis-
tration.
The principle of protection is discarded. No
one can rise up after '42 and ask lor protection.
The North is estopped. The South can point to
the agreement, and demand that dunes shall be
limited to purposes of revenue; not only so, but
that the revenue shall not exceed the limits of a
just economy. A power to lay duties for revenue
never has been denied to Congress. It was against
a perversion of this power, sir, that my own State
and all the South rebelled. It was the doctrine of
protection, as held by the manufacturers and those
who represented them, that stirred ihe ire of my
constituents and awakened the burning eloquence
of such men as Cobb and Crawford, McDuflie and
Hayne.
Suppose, sir, that these principles .shall prevail;
that the compromise is observed; that duties in
times to come shall be laid only for revenue;
where is the politician so fastidious as to complain?
Will not peace mle in our councils, and fraternal
feeling pervade all sections? If, sir, economy in
public affairs, which shall confine appropriations
to constitutional objects, and revenue only for the
public wants, are the guiding stars of the Harri-
son Administration, let no man fear that the ship of
Slate will not sail over prosperous seas beneath be-
nignant i-lcies. Are gentlemen prepared to yield
ihe obligatory power of the act of '33? To yield
in the moment of victory the fruits of the war; to
open again the fountains oí strife; to loose the
elements of commotion, now happily tied up; and
invite the storm and court the tempest? Now is
the time for the Hartison party to identify itself
with the principles of that act. Tney should be
now affirmed; we ought to be committed upon
• them. And the most effectual mode of identifica-
tion is, to start our revenue system according to its
provisions, by laying duties now on unprotected
anieles. Now is the time to stereotype the com-
promise.
To avoid a protective tariff, it is necessary to
condemn it before the compromise expires. I
would proclaim it to ihe people of my own State,
i desire it to be known all over th.u .-unny land,
from her mountains lo the .-¡ea, that now is the
time to act upon this great question. It was said
in the late canvass, that Harriwm, the honest, va-
liant, and successful Whig candidate, veas a taiiff
man. The reply we made, sir, was, that he was
tn favor «it the principles settled in the compromise.
Upon this explanation we triumphed. And now
who shall object, when he confirms what we then
said of him? Ot his friends, no one; of his" ene-
mies, of course all.
We should not wait until after June, '42, to
arrange the revenue, because then it will be said,
the compromise having ceased by its own limita-
tions, the whole subject of piotection is open.
Attempt, then, to lay imposts, and you encounter
the conflicting interests ot the whole Union, Every
article of domestic manufacture will demand pro-
tection; capital will wield its might against free
trade; selfishness will clamor for legislative boun-
ties. Discriminate, then, you must. Angry pas-
sions will again mingle in your councils; State au-
thority may again array itself against Federal law;
the cannon ot the Union- may ?gaui be pointed
against some Southern city, and there may be nene
so potent as to command the jSrring elements into
peace.
REMARKS OF MR. LANE,
OP INDIANA.
In the Home of Representatives, January 25, 1841.
Mr. Chairman: I had not intended to have par-
------------------^             ¡                     .—.
ticipated in this debate, when- it commenced; but,
from the wide raag£ which ft has taken, bringing
within its scope, as % does, ¡all the great and mo-
mentous questions, either directly or remotely con-
nected with it, I hav^ been forced by a sense of
duty to those whom I ^have the honor to represent
on this floor, to give t§ tie committee and to the
country the reasons whjish shall govern my action
on the measure now untfer discussion. But, sir, I
do not rise to address you with the vain expecta-
tion of influencing, in any great degree, the action
of the honorable members of this House; my only
object is to give my views in relation to the vari-
ous and important measures which now engage the
attention of this committee and the whole country.
I shall not debate this question as a Van Bnren
or a Harr.son man, but as an American and a
freeman. Sir, we have now before us higher and
far more important duties to discharge than simply
to labor for thepetty triumphs of a party. We should
remember that, if we have a party to serve, we
have also a common glorious country to love.
Then, Mr. Chairman, I hope we shall proceed
"fairly and candidly to the investigation of the con-
dition of the National Treasury, without any party
bias, and with the most ardent desire to pre-
serve inviolate the plighted faith of the Go-
vernment. This can only be done by pro-
viding, and providing speedily, the means for
the payment of our just debts; for that
there is at this time a deficiency in the Trea-
sury all parlies admit. The only grounds upon
which a diversity of opinion exists are, in relation,
1st, to the character of the deficiency, whether it
be permanent or temporary; 2dly, in relation to the
amount of ¡hat deficiency; and, 3dly, as to the best
mean* of supplying the deficit, whether by the issue
of Treasury notes, or by a direct loan. We are
told, Mr. Chairman, that the deficiency in the reve-
nue is only temporary, and that the accruing reve-
nue during the present year "will relieve ihe Trea-
sury of all embarrassment." This we have been
told, from time to time, ever since the present Ad-
ministration resorted to the miserable and dangerous
expedient of issuing Treasury notes. When the
Secretary of the Treasury, in October, 1837, at the
extra sesssion, asked of Congress the power to issue
ten millions of Treasury notes, we were then told
that this issue was to supply a temporary deficit;
and during the next session of Congress, the Secre-
tary again asked permission to issue ten millions
more of Treasury notes, under the same false and
specious pretext that the issue was only intended to
meet a temporary deficit; und again in 1839 the
same law was extended under the same siren song of
temporary deficit; and yet again in 1840 Congress
was called upon to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue five millions of Treasury notes
to supply a temporary deficiency in the revenue;
and now we are called on to authorize the issuing of
five millions of Treasury notes, and still the cry is,
a temporary deficit. Sir, this deficit smacks too
strondy of eternal duration to be very transient or
temporary ¡a its character. If the present deficien-
cy may be called temporary, every debt which this
Government has ever contracted m'ght, with the
same propriety, be called a temporary debt. The
chairman ot the Committee of Ways and Means
tells us that the Treasury cannet, during the first
quarter of the present year, discharge obligations
resting upon it; but that, during the year, we shall
collect enough revenue to pay our debts. So, Mr.
Chairman, of the debt incurred during the Revolu-
tion, and of the debt entailed upon the country on
account of the late war, we could not pay those
debis at the time they were contracted; yet no one
douhted our ultimate ability to pay them. Hence,
from the argument of gentlemen, we are to infer
that those debts were only temporary. We may
call this a temporary or permanent debt, but no one
doubts iis present existence, or lhat it will continue
to exist until Congress shall provide some method
for its payment. But, Mr. Chairman, the evidence
of indebtedness, shown by the issue of Treasury
notes, is not the only indebtedness on the part of the
General Government of which we have knowledge,
and of which I shall take occasion to speak before
I resume my seat. It will be recollected that the
President, in his annual message to Congress, dated
