Jan. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M&
26th Cong-.••2nd Sbss.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr Lane.
H oí Reps.
December 24tb, 1839, held trie following language
"If the debts due from banks during the next year
be punctaall) paid, and if Congress keep the appro
priations «?Hh n the esttma'es-, there is every reason
to believe that ail the ouMnnding Treasury notes
can be redeemed, and t e ordinary expenses de-
frayed, without imposing on the people any addi-
tional burden, either oí lo=!ns or taxes "   That, sir,
was tbe pophecy, and what  w?s   the fulfilment'
The banks have f id to witnm a trifle all that  was
expected, and CoDgress only exceeded the appro-
puations about t ire   hundred thousand dollars, and
s ill tl ere is now  outstanding  four millions and a
half of Treasury   notes, ard we are asked to grant
permission to issue five millions moie, makug in
all nine millions and a half of do'lars'   The com-
mittee will recollect that ihe Preside it, m his last
message to Congress, ho'ds th s larguagc    "Oar
Government,   as   is believed,   is tht   only   Go-
vernment which, having fully and faithfu ly paid
all its creditors, has rel eved itself entirely from
debt.''   Let us, Mr Chairman, for a few moment
examine this high sounding though empty boast of
the President, that theTriasury has been relieved
from debt Hows ands this matter' You have already
had an able expose of this matter from the honora-
ble member from Maine, [Mr Evans ] and the
honorable member from New  York, [\Ir   Bar-
nard,] and I shall detain you bat a few moments
on this patt of the subject.
Toere are   now  Treasuiy notes out-
standing to the mount of    .           . $4,650,000
Interest due and to fall due on them           250,000
Balance of funded debt, and debt of the
District of Columb a, amounting to
the sum of               .                       .    1,335,000
Amount payable to Indian", and to be
invested for them, and amount due
the Navy pension fund, making             4,780,000
Indian annui'ies, part   payable  for a
term of years, and part m perpetuity,
estimated at                                            5,000,000
Present debt, probably
U6 515 000
To which may be added the claim of the States fi r
the 4th instalment of tbe "-urplus revéase, which is
their.,, and wh eh hey would have received rut for
the profligacy and wasteful extravagance ot the
present Administration This claiu is nine mil-
lions of d 1 ais We should nlso &Hd tbe pr vate
claims of individuáis and 8 a'es, no* on ih oonrty
but on the justice of Congres He w much they
m^y amount to no ore can no * tell A large
amount of claims growing out ot the Florida. «ar
is now due and unsettlt so thd* we set dowj the
debt now owing by the United States at at least
Ihnty mnlions oí dolía s So much, then, for the
candor and U'rnes  of our D^mocrHic President
And now, Mr   Chairman, befoie we proceed to
examine the estimates of the Secretary of the Trea-
suiy for the jear 1841, let us inquire wmt iel,-
anie can be safely placed upon those e timat s
Is  there any thing m bis former leports  when
should induce us to trust implicuiy to his s'aterntnt
upon  this occasion'!   What  were his   estimates
for   the   expenditures  for the  last year1    About
twenty millions of dolla-s     What did tlwse ex-
penditures amount tt«    Neany twenty-four mil
lions of dollars, a difference cf acout four m !-
lions of dollars     An I agam   he, the Secretary,
estimated the receipts ot  revenue, from the import
duties of la°t year, at fifte-n milhors of dolHrs.
What amount was realized'   About twe've mil-
lions  aid a  half, and, for the last six years, since
Mr Woodbury has been at tbe head of the Trea
sury Department, his annual estimates for the ?c-
cruing revenue for  each respsc ive year have,
taken in  the aggregate, shown m siaües to  tbe
amount of over sixty millions of dollirs    You re-
collect, Mr Chairman, the confident *one ot the
President and his Secretary of the Treasury, at the
commencement of the last session of Congress, in
relation to the ability of the Treasury to relieve it
self from  debt during the  !ast j ear, and yet we
find the same Secretary of the Treasury asking
for Treasury notes m February,  1840, and again
m July, 1840    What reliance can be placed in
'such  a Secretary?   Sir,  during the whole time
that he ha  been at the head of the financial de-
partment   of  this   Government,   we   have   had
nothing    but    such   gros    and   glaring   inaccu-
racies   and  mistakes  as would   tuve   disgraced
a   tnunlmg hous"   clerk  of six  months' experi-
ence, and yet we are eal'ed on by honoiable gen-
tl°mea to ref, on h s siatomenl1-     But what are
his estimates í r the current)eat' He estimates the
whole teceipts for the sear o Le $24,723 473    Let
us lool- to Sjme of the i ems from whicn thisancuunt
is ex-ef ed to be received    Tate, lor instante, the
es'ima ed receipts frem   ciston--    he   taleulaics
that,  dar a« tbe present jear ih° revenue denied
from custom   will be n> s een rulh ns cf dollars,
upon what   ata no o>ie can ell     IN realizu lnrie-
t<-en m Ilion  of dollars fnm impor ¡>, during tie
present yea , we must im¡x it goods to the value oí
forty six mubo^s of dollars more this jear than se
shall during the next, by hi  own sh >   mg, for his
estimates for th   value ol nmorlatiuiis during lhe
next year are about ore handled ar>d fift en mil-
lions of dollars     How ctrn's it thai we last year
imported about one hi lidrtd  <?nd ten miHion-, of
dollars worth  of foreign goo' ,  and m the yeai
1842  we are to import .eo h tic, if an}, over that
amouüi, and yet, dum g the present jear, accord-
ing to ihis mo^t wise and candid beeretary, we are
tj import foreign gooos to the amount of o e han-
dred atid fifty-eight millions'    These thing  cannot
be     We have a foreign debt owing to  Europe by
the States, and corporation ,and individual, «hieri
will require any annual exportation to t^e ■'mount
of ten or twelve million ot dollars and to th^t
amount the  duties will be diminished, that is, we
shall not íeceive du* es upon a return importation
to tbe amount necessary to meet the foreign debt
Other cau->i s, "s ihe Secretary te' s us, \vi' ha\e a
t nde cy to les ui the amount of importations du -
ing the present  ytai,   but,  Mr.   Ghairmai,   see
you no   that   it von 1 be m st   ruinous to ttte
countiy    to   import  during    tie   present   year
goods   to the lolue   of one   hundrpd and fifty -
eight millions of do lars'   But it is idle to talk
of it    Instead of nineteen   tulln is if d„liars be
ing receivd turn cusutsis di n    th" pr  e it jear,
in view of all these facts, is it   lie to count on the
receipt of more iim fift 'n mill ons of do l>rs 'o
be denied irom   ur cu  om house '    & r, \ i h a I
deference to the Pre i tnt and n b S^ere'an, I can-
nof trunk  that we  s -1 rec ive ni e t an fil pen
mufioas  of r'ol'ars fr m impon-    ns  u s ye<T
Th°re, ¡Mr  Chn rtnrn, s ? d fi<it of $,4 000 000
So much, Mr Cha jm.au, <u the fo crutarjSes-
tima'e for lee  p s dar rig th  pics ty r Now
1 t us te t his tstiL, ates f«r oxpe tittues He put
donn the exp niit ires <• 4>19,250 000, exclusive of
payments on ac ol i rf u 'urded d'bt and ur
the edemptiwn of ■ ees r> i ote , tthic1!, tak n
together, amount to tht tun cf ft4 619,200 Tr t
gross expendí uie-, he maiíe  §33 899 0ü0, which,
deducts t from the estimate 1 receipt le ves a bi
lance of §820,000. This u ic accoi ling to the
Secretary himself, p  su   tb'i balanc to be left in
the T easuij bj a in lion ,
■ er of dollars
But, Mi ChairmA), does anj gent eman belieie
tnat Genenl Hairison ar I his friends en ad u
nister this Government lor the sum oi nineteen
mJlions and a quar er of dollars, ?nd oat of that
sum pay an a-ceriatned aebtnow due of over seven
millions of dollars, wh ch must be met and dis-
charged this y eai^ Sir, the same charges and ob-
jects of appropriation exist no v that did last year,
it ih"n required $24,000,000, w? are now required
to adrmmstei tbe same Govei-r>m°r> t for a much
less sum, and in addiuon to pay the debt now due'
That General Han son will administer the Gtvern
merit bettei and far mee económica1!/, I mos* ea
nestl} desire an 1 believe, but can he s ike off a ms
than §10,000,000 r om the list of exp rditures dur-
ing the fir^t item n hs of h s adnunist'atioti? I
fear rot Now, M- Cha rman one oi two things
is true either th-u ihe gentlem n are not candid n
supposirg tuat Gensral Harrison will not need
more money than they estimate, or that they be-
lieve that die adm w tration of Martm Van Burea
has been most wasteful, pr< fiigate, and eirav -
gan . Wrich ho-n of the dilemma will gentlemen
take"* They are welcome to all the consolation
which they can derive from either
I shall now address myself for a few moments
to the calculators of the honorable gentleman from
Virginia, the chairman of tbe Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr Jo)\es] He estimates Ihe re-
ceipts of the first quarter of tfce fiscal year from
impor attons to be $3,000 000, and from other
sources it one half million of dollars more, mak-
ing three millions, and a half He makes, yon see,
the duties m the first qKarter to be only three mil-
lions, and 11 ihe otner three quarters he makes them
P 6,000,000, notwithsta ding the Secretary of the
i Tasary a sures, us that the receipts from importa-
tions must tall of largely during ihe last quarter.
For thi fir > quarter, he make-, th  expenditures
overrun the receipts about $2,000,000, ana yet, at
the end of the year, strange to tell, h1 leaves a ba-
la ice in ihe Trcasurj of ovtr $800,000 Sir, does
it lequire any argument iO refute these calculations?
Í have grea ly misconceived the good sense of the
committee if it does Prom all these facts, I can
come o no other conclusions than, first, that the re-
venue will be inadequate during the present year to
meet the demands necessary upon it, by at least
$ 10 000 000, second, that this deficiency  s not tem-
porary, bai permanent Now, sir, is it not our du-
ty, as honest men and as patriots, to provide means,
imple means, for the speedy liquidation of this
national debt? What, now, is the honest, the ap-
prrpnate, and the constitutional method for dis-
charging this debt' Why, sure'y, by borrowing
monev suffi lent to pay it, and then providing the
means for the payment of the loan, for whatever
is n->ht to be done in this matter, we should
d i d «-ec ly, and not indirectly—openly, and not
secretl .
S d  ire, for one, that the people should no longer
b   dp tiv d as to the true condition of the finances
b>    i  ueeepttve issues of Treasury notes, but that
toey  hou'd know the truth, that they should know
that the pr sent Administration has entailed upon
tn m a nan nal  debt, and that it is necessary to
piovide for its nayment      I am   opposed,  Mr.
Chairmnn, to the bill before us, because,m the first
place, I believe if to be unconstitutional     These
Tieaiury ni tes are nolo ng more nor less than bills
oí en i it    Wnat is a bill of credit?   It is a paper
issued by the sovereign  authority, in ended to cir-
c il ite as monej.andfor the payment of which
the credit of ihe State is alone pledged     Sir, do
no   Treasury jotes come within  this desenpuor 1
[bej   nreiy do     At th"  time of the forma ion of
oat   p cseat  Consutu ion,  the convention   which
ft rmul that sacre I inst ument po ¡lively restricted
the several States f'om issu ng bills of credit   This
wis  mi.' sary,   for,  without this restrict tn, the
Slates ^.ould have had the riikt to have issued Dills
oí crcdi   n their sovereign capacity.    But the Fe-
deral Government has no power except that which
is expressly granted in the Constitution, and that
vmch is necessary to carry out the powers express
ly granted.   No power to i su  Treasury notes is
found in the Consti'ution    Under the Articles of
Confed ration, mis power was m the General Go-
vernment, and   it was inserted m the   original
draught m tne Consu ution, and stricken out by
the coi vention    This shows most indubitably the
opui in of tie convention     If the power to issue
bilis of creait exists in the General Government, il
must pxtst as auxi lary to the  express power oí
Congress to borrow money, or as an incident to the
war making power.    Now, Mr. Chairman, is this
measure a borrowing of money?   Surely not     It
is the  using of trie c-edit of the Government, by
extending the time  of payment, and giving  these
prom ssory not- s as evidence of debt, and not as
naynent    And cm this measure be justified as m-
cilom to th¿ w*r making powei?   Suiely not.   I
g'a«t j ou that these notes might be issued during a
war when it was neces ary for our protection oi
e í preserva-ion that we should have money, and
ue hid no other means of obtaining it    Tieasury
notes were issued during the late war, but mean
were provided for their  redemption at the sami
time they were issued    Do«s the same necessity
for iheir issue now exist?   Can toe present exer
c se'of this power be now claimed as auxiliary t
the power "to deeiare and carry   on. war?   N
gentleman will contend for a doctrine so absurd
But, Mr Chairman, grantmg the consarutionaUt
