Jan. 1841.____________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________________           &6$
26th Cosg....2nd Sess.                                       Treaswy Note Bill—Mr. Nisbet.                                                     H. of Reps.
on this subject should pass, what would Indiana
receive?   It is estimated that there are now abtut
four millions of actes of public lands  remaining
unsold in Indiana    Upon the proceeds of these
lands, we should receive thirty-five per  cent, and
then our equal share of sixty-five per cent upon
the whole sales of public lands    Indiana, with a
population of seven hundred thousand souls, with
thirty-five per cent, on the sales rf four millions of
refuse lands, while Arkansas, with a population
about one-fourth as large as ours, would receive
thirty five per cent, on the sales of about twenty
millions of acres, and then divide equally with us
the balance of the sales, and m order te get our
thirty five per cent upon four millions oí refuse
lands, what would Indiana give?   Sir, she would
abandon her undivided right to ten hundred and
eighty millions of acres of public domain, the pro-
portion to which the State of Indiana would be en-
titled out of this amount of public lands is over
fifty millions of acres.    And, sir, do gentlemen ex-
pect us to abandon the fifty millions of acres for
the paltry consideration of thirty-five per cent, upon
the sales of four millions, or even  less,  of refuse
lands?    If the land bill of Mr. Clay had become a
law when it passed both Houses of  Congress by
such decided majorities, the State of Indiana would
have received, under its opeiation   to  this, lime,
over four millions of dollars    And what, let me
ask, have we received?   Nothing,   comparatively
nothing    The party in power told the people of
the new States, from time to time that they were to
have cession and graduation    We have been in-
duced to forego the certain advantages of distribu-
tion, and are now no nearer cession or graduation
than we were when these specious humbugs were
first proposed.    The gentleman from Mississippi
and his friends have had all power under the Go-
vernment for twelve years, and why have they not
made good their promises of graduation and ces-
sion?   Sir, I am forced to  believe   that  they had
not the   will, inasmuch as   they   bad   the  power
and did not exercise   it      It   the Stale of Indi-
ana   had   received   the   four    millions of dol-
lars to which she would  have been entitled un-
der the provisions of the land bill, what might she
not have accomplished with it?   Theinterest, with
out touching the principal, would have constituted
a fund large enough to have educated every child
within h?r borders for all time to come.    It would
now pay  one half of her internal improvement
debt, or, if invested in profitable stocks, it would
pay the interest upon her State  debt without a re-
sort to taxation.    And if the distribution bill were
to pais now, we should 'annually  receive about
$200,000.    Now, what arc the  objections  to this
measure, so just in itself, and calculated to confer
equal, great, and lasting benefits upon every State
in this Union, and calculated to put to rest forever
all legislation upon this embarrassing subject? First,
it is said that the proceeds  of ihe public lands are
to be held out to the States as a bribe to purchase
political influence at the--sacrifice of the indepen-
dence of action among the States.   Sir, the people
whom I repressnt, and the party with whom I act,
are not to be bribed by "filthy lucre."   I dread not
its influence upon the proudspirited, fearless, and
generous sons of Indiana.    The gentleman best
knows whether his constituents and his parly are
above temptation.   I hope they are.    But there is
a strange inconsistency in this objection, they pro-
pose to give the Sta'es m which ihe lands lie all
the lands, and there 13, they tell us, no danger of
that corrupting them; yet when we propose to give
them their fair proportion of the prtceeos of those
lands, that is highly dangerous    Another objection
is, that this measure would be an assumption of
the Slate debts.   I cannot, I confers, see the force
of this argument; for, if it is right to distribute the
proceeds of the public lands among the States, it
cannot be rendered wrong because the State  are
in debt, that only  furnishes an additional reason
why Congress should now do its duty and pay this
honest debt to the States.     The States, in their
sovereign capacity,  have a right to contract debts,
aad there is no power in this Congress or upon
earth to restrain them.   No one has ever dreamed
of asking the General Government to assume the
payment of the State debts.   All that the States
ask or expect is, that they shall be left to manager
their own legislation m their own way. Sir, the
S'ate of Indiana, crushed and paralyzed as she
has been by the present Administration, is, thank
God, still willing and able to pay her honest
debts. But what right have gentlemen to attack
State stocks and State credit, under the idea of
combating tue assumption ot State debts by
Congress? No American ever has proposed this
assump.ion, and I tiust none ever will Sir,
this attack is anti-American, anti-national in Us
character, for, although we are divided into diffe-
rent States, we still are the same great people,
holding in common ihe same history of the past,
bound together by the same interests in ihe present,
and looking forward to the consummation of the
same high destiny m ihe future. Who, then, that
has an American heart in his bosom, would mar
the prosperity or destroy the credit of any State m
this Union' Who would dim the brightness of one
single star which adorns the emblem banner of a
nation' , sovereignty and glory? Sir, the man who
could do it is unworthy of his country, and unwor- *
thy of that liberty which its Constitution bestows
upon him Whilst upon the subject of the public
lands, suffer me to say that I agree with the hono-
rable geatleman from Mississippi 111 the support of
a well-guarded pre-emption law, and shall cer-
tainly vote for such a law. But, Mr. Chairman, I
have already detained you too long on the subject
of the public lands, the importance of the subject
must plead my excuse
I will now, for a few moments, examine with
the honorable gentleman the claims of this Admi-
nistration on the score of economy alluded to by
him. How stands the account? The Administra-
tion has, during ihe four years of its continuance,
expended $30,000,000, over and above its ordi-
nary revenues. It has expended in four >ears
$135,000 000, being an average of $33,750,000
per annum. What has been effected tor ihe pub-
lic good by this immense expenditure of public
treasure? Out of this #135,000,000, there has
been appropriated to the increase of the Navy, to
fortifications, harbors, light houses, roads, dry
docks, arsenals, armories, and to every other work
of permanent national importance, only about
$ 11,000,000. Eveiy branch of the public service
has been most shame'e^sly neglected
The Secretary of War tells us that there is not
one harbor or seaport town along the whole range
of our Atlantic seaboard, from Passamaquoddy bay
to the Sabine river, which is in a def< nsiole condi-
tion, or in a condition to protect our commerce;
and our chain ot frontier fortresses, stretching from
the Northern lakes to Louisiana, constituting oar
defence against thai horde of ravages wh>eh the
policy of the Government has thrown upon our
Western frontier, is in a most ruinous condition.
Very little has been done to increase our navy, and
for this year the estimate for that purpose is
$ 100,000 only. I am no alarmist; but he must be
blind to the plainest indications of passing events
who does not see cause of apprehension m our pre-
sent relations with Great Britain. The Northeast-
ern boundary question is yet unsettled, and daily
becoming more difficult to adjust amicably The
burning of the Caroline, which has been avowed
by the British minister as an authorized act of the
British Government; the tight claimed and exer-
cised by Great Britain to search oui merchant ships
upon the ocean, all these difficult questions, grow-
ing out of our re!ations wuh Great Britain,
threaten, if not speedily adjusted, to involve us m a
war with that formidable power. The present con-
dition of Europe is not at all favorable to a lasting
peace. Numerous causes of discontent exist m the
relations of France and England. These great
and rival powers must ever be the first «nd princi-
pal pai ties in ai y general war in Europe. The
causes are now in being which, at no distant day,
will shake the Gothic framework of European so-
ciety to its deepest foundation, and the torch is
now blazing which, ere long, will light the flame of
war thioughout the length and breadth of that
great continent And, m the event of a general
war in Europe, this Government, in all human
probability, will be forced to become a party Sir,
notwithstanding the glowing descriptions of natioa-
al prosperity depicted in the President's message,
are we ready for that great emergency? We are
ready, so far as the bravery and patriotism of our
citizens are concerned, but are our army and navy
and our national defences suitable to the condition
of war?
One word, Mr. Chairman, on th  subject of na-
tional improvement. The harbers of our Northern
lakes seem to have been forgotten or entirely over-
looked. Many of them, after having been com-
menced at great expense, are now suffered to fall
into ruin for want of a small appropriation to finish
them. These harbors are of ihe utmost impor-
tance, whether we consider them as the security of
our lake commerce in peace, or it> protection and
the protection of the Northern frontiers in lime of
war. Duung the last year we had no appropria-
tion on the harbor at Michigan city, although an
appropriation was necessary to prevent its falling
into ruin, but the Government issued an Executive
order to sell the apparatus and furniture provided
for its improvement to sustain the sinking credit of
a bankrupt Treasury; and so of the Cumberland
road—the only two work  of national improve-
ment within the State of Indiana. All the lake
harbors, I believe, shared the sami fate. And yet
we are told by the President that the Government
has promptly met all the obligations devolving
upon it.
The honorable gentleman from Mississippi has
talked of the unconstitutionality of a United States
Bank I shall not now enter upon the discussion
of that quemón. I consider it a settled question—
settled by the decisions of the highest judicial tri-
bunal known to the Constitution, settled by the le-
gislation of Congress, and settled by the voice of
the American people. And, as a necessary fiscal
agerii of ihe National G ivernment, I shall be pre-
pared to vote for it when the proper time arrives,
and the people require it, if I shall then have a seat
in this body.
The gentleman prophesies that Gen. Harrison
will have an extra session of Congress. If he and
his friends wish to avoid it, let them vote to raise a
sufficient revenue to support the Government during
the present year, and thereby obviate the necessity
for a called session. If an extra session of Cen-
gresa can be avoided, I am as much opposed to it as
he can be. But if gentlemen are determined to
force General Harrison to have a called session, I
hope that much good to the counlry may result
from it I hope that the wishes of the people, so
plainly indicated in the late elections, will be car-
lied out, that we shall have a thorough, searching,
and enure reform of abuses in the Government,
and that the Sub Treasury—drawn from the rotten,
corrupt, and crumbling monarchies of Europe—
will no longer remain a stain upon your ttatule
book and a curse upon the country.
Mr Chairman the charge has been made here,
and has gone forth to the world, that British gold
had us. influence upon our election ; that the Ad-
ministration was not tried for, and condemned on
account of, its ruinous measures. It is not enough
that the pensioned presses of the country should
have made ihi  charge, but here, even herein the
the halls of National Legislation, those who repre-
sent freemea are found to endorse it. The influ-
ence of British gold, indeed' The people are go-
verned by other motives and considerations. Tell
them of danger from abroad, or of Ihe establish-
ment of domestic tyranny at home, and at once
you command their warmest sympathies and their
mightiest energies. Sir, the late signal triumph of
the people over their oppressors was the result of
that pure end elevated love of country, of that
unyielding and quenchless love of liberty, which
ever has, and I trust ever will govern the actions
of freemen. They saw their currency deraDged,
their commerce destroyed, their enterprise crushed,
then industry unrewarded, the Government of their
fathers, though nominally the same, fast degenerat
mg into an uncontrolled and uncontraliahle desfo-
t sm. Is it, then, any cause of wonder that they
shculd rise in their might and majssty, and hurl
from place and power those who had so loDg and
80 grievously abused the trust confided to them?
