2^2__________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________January, 1841.
26th Cong..,...2nd Sess.                                  Naturalization Laws—Mr. Duncan._____________________________H. of Reps.
universally unite themselvas with a party whose
cardinal object is to overthrow our equal institu-
tions, and prostrate the rights of all foreigners,
they can best answer. I have been unable to ac-
count for it I hope some day they will learn who
their inends are I hope some day they will learn
the importance of supporting the party who sup-
port them, and the purity of the institutions which
they have sought, and to which they look for equal
protection. I hope they will find out that it is their
interest which the Democracy seek to secure, by
sustaiawg a policy calculated to secure the greatest
good to the greatest number; and whatever that po-
licy may be worth, they will have an equal share
of it. If, however, they cannot unite with the
Democracy, perhaps they may find safety with the
"Native American Associations," whose principles
and political motives, and the materials of which
they are composed, I would respectfully recom-
mend them to examine.
But what is still more extraordinary in politic*
our Scotch population are generally opposed to the
Democracy. I regret this not only from political
but from personal and national consideration* I
am from a full blooded Scotch stock, and if I have
my pedigree correct, I am of the pure Highland
blood. There is no one of the race of man that I
more delight to meet than an intelligent Scotchman.
I delight to hear his rapturous «rains of eulogy in
honor of his country, i^r wisdom, her learning,
and her morality, for whi h she is so renowned I
delight to hear him bestow the praise due to the
Scotch clans, and the brav«i v of their chiefs I
delight to hear him praise the illantry and noble
dartng by which Scotland's Wallace and Scotland's
Bruce, so long and so successfully repelled
Britain's invasions and Britain's oppression*,
by acts of noble daring, of which none
can boast but Scotland. Wallace with a small
band, (but of braver men than ever did, before, or
since march against an enemy,) routed forty thou-
sand of Britain's troops, and slew then leader on one
occasion I delight to see indignation bloom upon
the brow, and blush from eveiy feature of the
Scotchman, while he relates the treacherous
surrender of Wallace to Edwarl, and the
worse than brutal manner in which he was
executed, and his quartered body exposed and hung
up in the four principal towns of England to graufy
a brutal malignity towards Scotland, worthy alone
of barbarity in. its most degraded form. But why
IS it,Mr.Scotcaman, that no sooner do you land here
than you throw yourself m the arms of a parly who
seek not only to deprive you of the rights ot free-
men, but are exerting themselves to establish a sys-
tsm of policy and ot institutions as iaul to liberty
and as ^destructive ot pqaal lights, as that irom
which you have fled Why is it lint you, or a large
majority of your countrymen, like our English
population, are found m all our political struggles
arrayed against ihe Democracy If it wouid not
be considered temsrily in me, I «ould, in the name,
and as the representative of my Scotch father, ad.
monish you as you appreciate the freedom you
have sought, to rally to the support of the party
who ever have, and who are now, exeiting them-
selves to secure to you ihe lights of freemen and
American citizens While alluding to the politics
of foreigners in this country, perm't m<> to advert
to the laic gallant though unsuccessful efforts of ihe
Canadian patriots ta shake off the British yoke in
those Provinces, and I only do it to illustrate the
fact that (he Democracy in this country were united
in a favorable fueling towards the patriots, and
in an ardent desne that they might succeed in
establishing their independence, while the
Federal party were as united in feeling
against them, and were ungating in their abuse of
them. I have Federal journals in my possession
to show the fact The patriots in Canada are
called Whigs The Scotch in Cmada be'ong to
the patriots The Federal party m this country
call themselves Whigs The Scot< H in this coun-
try belong (or a large majority of lhem) to the Fe
deral party. Tne term Whig m C-rnada has a dif-
ferent meaning from the same term in this country,
and if names are the representatives of things, the
term Whig will be found in Canada to represent
ene thing, and in this country to represent another
The term Whig in Cana la means one who is de-
sirous of abolishing British bondage. In this coun-
try" the term Whig means one who is in favor of
perpetuating British bondage. It is strange that
the same word should have a meaning so different
with those who speak the same language. And it
is strange, too, that Scotch patriotism should mean
one thing .n Canada, and another thing, the very
reverse, in thts country. For my part, I prefer the
Canadian definitions of Whig and Scotch patriot-
ism. I go for the Whigs and Scotch patriots of Ca
nada I am much attached to ihe term Whig, but
I think the term as applied to the Federalists of
this country is a misnomer. From what intelli-
gence I can gather from the history of parties in
this country, I think the Fedpral principles «mack
more of Toryism, as understand in the days of the
Revolution, and as now understood in Canada,
than they do of the ancient, the revered, and pa-
triotic term Whig. I hope the patriots will renew
their efforts whenever a prospect of success is pre-
sented. They will succeed with half a chance
Go on, ihen, I say: Justice and patriotism is on
your side, and though the odds may seem to be
fearful against you, the strength you must gam in
a good and a just cause, having for its object the
omnipotence of human liberty, the highest object of
human aspiration, will eventually redeem you.
The laws of nations, the stipulations of treaties, and
perhaps national policy, may prevent the American
Democracy from taking an open part with you,
but you have their feelings and their ardent wishes
I have but little regard myself fur the restraints
which may prevent American interference in behalf
of the patriots If I possessed the power of
Midas, to turn every thing I touched to gold,
I would soon furni'h the patriots with the means of
«mancipation, or if I had the power of ancient
Jove, with Vulcan at my command to forge thun-
der bolts, I would demolish every British institu-
tion, every British authority, and every British
Tory in Canada, in one hour. But, sir, 1 d d not
rise to talk abou* Canadian wais, or English and
Scotch politics—I ros? to advocate an amendment
of the naturalization laws, with a view to secure,
at a cheap rate, and with a shoiter residence, the
rights of American citizens, and the full benefits of
our free institutions to all foreigners, without regard
to country, or distinction of party.
This is neither the time, the place, nor the occa-
sion, to discuss party principles, nor is it the time
or place to solicit party influence. It it were, I
would like to indulge in an appeal to our foreign
population, to rally, now, henceforth, and forever,
to the standard of Democracy and equal rights. I
would advise them to turn upon their enemies, who
are endeavoring to crush them to the duit A spirit
of resentment, and the means of defence, are prin-
ciples of nature, and attributes of Creation's fami-
ly—from man, who was made m the image of his
maker, lo the insect that crawls in the dust It is a
principle of nature, too, by which each order and
class of created animation resists, to the extent of
its means, injuries that threaten its peace and safe
ty Shall man, then, be l ss spirited than the
worm, that turns upon the foot that treads 11Í
It is now the united effort of the Federal party
and of the Native American associations (twin
brothers and worthy of each other) to sink the
foreigner into contempt and political infamy. But
they do not stop at political proscription, they
seek to deprive them of other rights It was but
the other day, in the Senate, when the pre eruption
bill wai under consi leration, that a motion was
made by a Fedeialist to deprive the foreigner of
the benefit which the pre emption policy has ever
secured to those who settle on our wild land 
That motion was 'usUined by Ihe Federal mem-
bers of the Senate, but was successfully resisted
by the Democratic members I would call upon
the foieigoer m the name of that «pint of resent-
ment, anl by the use of those means which the
free institutions of our country have mad** h s, to
turn upon those who are >nleavonng to make
him a beast of burden, not enly by stripping him of
all tl-e political privileges which characterize the
freeman, but al°o by thf> cs pblishment of institu-
tions which, if successfully persisted m, must one
day subvert American liberty, and sink the hardy
and industrious freemen of this country into sub-
missive vassalage to a bank aristocracy. I would
appeal to them (the foreigners) as they value that
liberty they have sought, and as they fear and abhor
that oppression, tyranny and despotism from which
they have fled, to rally to the standard of Democracy;
in the name of the foreign blood which mingled in
the Revolutionary struggle, I would appeal to them
to be found at all times in our political battles un-
der the flag of Democracy, for there is no other by
which they can secure to themselves—to their pos-
terity and their countrymen who are to come
after them—the liberties which that Revolution
purchased
But, sir, if party attachments and political con-
fidence were to have their sway with me in an ap-
peal to foreigners, and that appeal were proper, I
would say to the German, as he reveres the memo-
ry of DeKalb, and as he appreciates his gallant
services m the cause of human liberty, and as he
holds sacred his blood, which was drank by the
soil he has adopted for his home—as he values the
freedom which was the consideration of that blood
and those services—to stand by the Democracy as
Ihe only security, the only hope, the only sheet an-
chor of safety by which that freedom is to be per-
petuated.
I would say to the Irishman, a? he too holds sacred
the blood of his countrymen, which was shed m
ihe Revolution—as hs holds sacred the memory
of Emmett, who was sacrificed on his country's
altar for Irish liberty—as he abhors and detests the
oppression which crushes his country under the
foot of British despotism—and as he values the
liberty wh>ch hs has sought, that he too shonld
be in our political battles, under the banner and
in the ranks cf Democracy. The blood of Mont-
gomery, spilt upon the heights of Quebec, demand
for the Irishman American liberty. The spirit of
Emmett, which walks abroad in midday, though
unseen, secretly admonishes the Irishman to main-
tain with his life our Democratic institution's in
their pristine purity The voice and admonitions
of O'Connel), that glide with every breeze across
the Atlantic, warn the Irishman that he should
stand by the party and the principles that stand by
him, that he sjeuld be found whenever and wher-
ever his vote and his influence may be required to
overthrow a party who are exerting themselves to
overthrow him and to  mk his countiymen into po-
litical degradation
I have used the names of Pulaski and Kosciusko.
They are sacred names, and are identified with hu-
man liberty and human bravery. Pulaski was a
native of Poland, and a soldier who had distin-
guished himself by brave but unsuccessful efforts
to restore liberty and independence to his native
country He came te this country during the Re-
volution, bearing with him a high and meritorious
character He was appointed Brigadier General
in Ihe American army. He was mortally wounded
m the attack on Savannah, of which he soon after
died. Congress voted to erect a monument to the
memory of that biave officer, but I believe it never
was dene.
Kosciusko was a Pole by birth, and was educated
at the military school at Waisaw. He came to
the United States with a recommendation to Gen.
Washington from B«njamm Franklin, wuh whom
he had formed an acquaintance m France. He
was appointed an aid by Gen Washington. He
was alterward  appointed an Engineer, with the
rank of Colonel He fortified the camp of Gen.
Gates in his campaign against Burgoyne He per-
formed many high and valuable services, for
which he received the thanks of Congress At
the close of the Revolution he returned to his na-
tive country, bearing with him a tiat on's gratitude.
Poland was in revolution. He was appointed a
Major General He fought many battles with
great skill and bravery, but Poland then failed,
owing to the mismanagement of her Diet On the
breaking out of a new revolution in 1794, he was
appointed Generalísimo, with the power of Dicta-
toi He conducted with courage, ability and
adroitness, but was finally overpowered by the
Russian trt ops, made prisoner, and carried to St.
Petersburg, where he was confined until the death
of Catharine.   When Paul came to the throne he
