Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO-TO$H38NGB&S^ÑÁ£ &LOMM.
•of*f  ;i^\
26th CowG"-"2si> Ses.3
Treasury Note Bill—Mr, T0lett.
. H. of Rep.
I« was released, and loded with honors. Ha was
offered an office in the Russ-ian service; that he de-
clined. The Emperor offered him his own sword;
but Kosciusko said "No, I no longer n?ed a sword,
since I have no country." Such an answer was
worthy of a Pole, worthy of a patriot, worth? of
Kosciusko. But Kosciusko was not the only Pole
■who could give such an answer. Colonel Klim-
kieusiez, in a subsequent revolution was made
pioneer, and confined in the dungeon at Kamicniee
PodolskL He was visited by by the policema=ter,
who had orders to offer him a bnbe of free-
dom and imperial honors, if he would re-
veal the names of those who belonged to
the secret socisties called the " Patriotic So-
cieties." The gallant Pole rr.et the base pro-
position with a retort becoming a patriot, and
one who is worthy of the blood of Kosciusko.
"Retire, miscreant' Thou who grovcltest at the feet of thy
Ministers* Howdarcst thou presc.it thyself before an lionets' pa-
triot? Thou base-bom wietchJ forget not that in my veins
flows the blood of the lliustriousThadeuaKosckuskn, and know
that an approving conscience t<* dearer to me than all eke m
this world. Retire, I say; I love my country—I 'ove and appre-
ciate the rights of man; and remember, I am not of thy damna-
ble profession, that 1 ehouid betray cither. Leave me, then,to
groan in this dungeon, and _ mourn over the recollection of the
waitings and lamentations of those unhappy mothers, under the
reign of your modern Nero. Retire forever, thou vile slave of
a tyrant! I was examined and condemned by my judges. Thou
hadst no right to present thyself, with such base proposals, op-
posed as they are, not only to viitue, but also to the laws of the
Russian empire, ish, lato a ft ee citizen of Voiiiyuia, and know
the laws of thine own country better than thou dost, a vile ser-
vant of it, as thou art.   Retite, I say !"
Sir, i have read this noble and patriotic retort. I
will make it a part of my printed remarks, with a
hope that it may be taught with the first lessons of
youth; because, as the child is taught to lisp the
name of his Heavenly Father in hallowed reverence,
so should he be (aught to lisp such sentiments in
patriotic devotion, honor, and love to his country.
That gallant Pole is now a residcat of this country.
Who is not proud to have him wish us? Who
does not greet htm a welcome guest? His presence
' is a national honor, worthy of national boast. He
is here, ready to march with the American stan-
dard when peril may invi'e him ct invasion call
Mm. Such is his noble nature, and such is his
promise. At one of our fesivals he was ea'led to
his feet by a sentiment. He responded, and said,
among other things, in shrilling eloquence: "My
heart is for Poland, but my arms are for Ame-
rica." What American will deny to the Pole the
rights and franchise oí an American citizen? Is
there one, that man should be stripped of the
name of an American, and consigned to Russian
despotism. Such a man is only iit himself for a
slave.
Sir, the well known history cf Baron Steuben,
and toe services he rendered in the Revolutionary
struggle, supercedes the necessity of my naming
him. It is sufficient to say he was a Prussian by
birth. He was a pilgrim in the cause of liberty.
He was a distinguished officer of the Revolution.
He fought in the battle of Monmouth, and was com-
mander in the trenches in Yorktown on the day
that concluded the contest with Great Britain. The
countrymen of Stcubsn have a cla'tn to the rights
of American fresaren. Bat why da I select and
call particular nations. T:;e glorious principles of
Democracy makes no ^distinction with ths home-
less exile. It recójateos the, rights of all who have
the human form, who se-jk protection among us.
It repud.ates, in ihe broads, t manner that intole-
rant spirit which now marks tin Federal par-
ly and the "Native American Arsos;at:or.f."
Democracy meets at our snores the exiled
pilgrim; greetv, hail-', an! welcomes hira to
her hospitality, and * in:! participation in
her free institutions. Mr. Speaker, let me
conclude by saying that human rights, the spirit of
liberty, the character ot oty Government, the
meaning of our Constitution, the nature of cur
fee principles, and I believe the stability and du-
ration of our Democratic institutions, all unite in re-
quiring that as liberal and as generous $. policy
should be exercised towards foreign emigrants as
that which this bill provides. It extends no privi-
leges which can endanger our country. It con-
tains no provisions but what a generous policy will
at all times recognise as just—none but what a
liberal and highminded patriotic community will
18
approve and sustain—none but what the" ! ©reign
blojd spilt in the Revolution, and consecrated to
human liberty, demand's.
TREASURY NOTE BILL,
SPEECH OF MB. TRIPLBTT,
OF KENTUCKY,
In ike liante of Mepresentalives, Etfounry 2, 1341—
On tb.3 bill providing ior an kcat oí Treasury-
notes.
Mr. TRIPLETT rose and saii: Mr. Chairman,
the best return Í can make for any attention which
the committee ¡nay give to me during the remarks
I have to submit upon (his momentous subject vv.li
be to consume as small a portion of its time as the
duty which I owe to my cons-tit'sents and to myself
will peimit. This I piornise to do. I shall, there-
fore, decline following the gentleman fiom ivew
York [Mr. Vamderpoel] in his dissertations upon
log cabins and Whig principles. I am rather in-
clined to thick that the gentleman knows as little
about Whig principles as he do-:s of log cabins'. If
he would visit the ¡alter a little ofiener, possibly he
might learn what Whig principles arc, and learn to
love them. If, however, G¿n. Harrison, when he
arrives here, should think proper to adopt the ad-
vice of that gentleman, and, instead of taking pos-
session of fh? White House at the o;Her end of the
avenue, should take up his abode in the lo? cabin
at the foot of the hill, (pou.ting to the West,) I
would advise the gentleman to visit him there; and
he might then possibly learn, through the rough,
rude metre of a ¡og cabin scng, something of those
maxims which, I hope and believe, will guide
General H.-trrison in hn administration of the af-
fair* of this Go-«rnme;.t. One of these metres, Í
recollect, reads in this way:
"No Puces, or Swartwouts, or such deceivers,
Shalt be appointed Cash Receiver5;;
And no luaa what is e,:ve:i to prablun,
Shall eve! c.iter this Loí¿ Cabin."
If Kinderhcok, senior, who nowjnhabits the
White House, had practised soiae of thise log ca-
bin principles, it is possible that he ¡night have
been re-elected to the Presidency; and then it
might have been possible ihs: my irtendfrcm New
York would have consented to be a candidate for
election. I understand that he declines to be so.
He will, therefore, have two years' leisure before
him. I advise him in the inteiim to visit some of
the log cabins of the West; where, perchance, he
might meet with a stern reply to some of his insi-
nuations about British bank-bought Whigs, and
the influence of British gold in the "recent elec-
tion." That is also reduced to metre—rough, it is
rue, but as strong as it is rough.   It is as ioi'o^s:
"A KentuckianM vo'e c.;o never be bon^iit,
Try n who may, or can;
Ali the Bri'i-h gold th.u ex" was to'd,
Can't buy one honest num.''
If one hundred and sixty-thousand voters weie
purchased by British gold to vote for General Har-
rison, or,"to use the gentleman's own classical ex-
pression, for ,:Tip and Ty," I take it for granted
that those voters could not have been Whigs. Trie
Whigs intended to vote for • ¡Lose names without
British gol.l; and if British gold has; been employed
in buying up Democratic votes, the gen'leman from
New York must blame hi-- l)omocratia friends for
beir,  so es.rily purchased.
Bu1, Mr. Chatrsaan, th  bri.-" space   of time I
have before me w.irns roe i'mi  ! insist list fo'low
the getiilema*" fro.n Now York, ;r.roa; h his -'poetry
in pre •.p.''    By die by, it appeared, irc-m some of
Ice cbxei vanóos of the geailcia.n, thai hechcri-hes
r.n extraordinary haired nga.ns'  poetry.    lie s-.j'S
that his col'eagne [Mr. Barnard] v/ro'.e a book oí
poe'ry; and that the genlU-ins  i'fent Maine [Mr.
Evans]  wrote another.    Nov.', th:ie is  ih-ti (infe-
rence between the poetry and ptosc of ih:se two
genMemen, and Ihe "poetry in prose" of the gentle-
man  from New York; they pat their poetry in a
book by iiseU: it does not appear in taeir speeches.
But the gentleman, from New Yotk puts ¡sis poetry
and prose so promiscuously together, that i; is be-
yond the power of the poor alembic of my wits to
separate them.   Yes, and tho log cabin men of the
West could not understand  his poetry any more
ihan-lhey could his Latin.   His insinuation.;, how-
ever, some of them might understand and repel in '
a way not much to his likmg.   Bat, let me now
come io his ¡acts, figures, and arguments, foi it is'
with ¡hem that my business lias.
The first fact \vith which the gentleman sets oat "
is a most extraordinary one; it is, that a cry of a
natioaal debt has been raised by the Whig party,
in crfiíer to justify an extra session of Congress.
Now, I have never seen so much misrepresentation
crammed into so short a sentence. There are in it
two remarkable misstatemants. First, he begs the
question that the Wlvg party wish an extra session;
and upon that gratuitous assumption he grounds the
position that there is no national debt. Itisasort of
negative pregnant. I deny for myself; I deny in behalf
of the Whig members of this House; I deny in behalf
of a large portion of the Whig members of the
o'her branch of Congress with whom I have con-
versed; I say, I deny that there is one solitary mem-
ber in or out of this House who desires that there
should be an extra session, unless it be demanded
by imperious necessity. We may be driven to
that alternative to prevent other and grea'er evils.
An extra session is an evil to be deprecated; we all
aelrnow!ed=e that. But there are other and still
grea'er evils to be be apprehended, and it may be
necf-s;ary to adopt the lesser evil that we may avoid
the greater. 0,ie of these greater evils I now come
to sp-jók of. It is this: that it is absolutely neces-
sary for this Government is preserve oar national
honor and protect our national faith by paying our
national debts. I ask gentlemen of the epposite
party to lend me their aid for the accomplishment
of this great objec!; Í require it of them; I know
some of them are sincere in their desire to do so.
I know that the very respectable chairman of the
Committee of Wa>sand Means [Mr. Jones] is sin-
cere; and thit ho does not wish Gen. Harrison to
be driven to the necessity of calling an extia
seision; fori! is upon the President the responsi-
bility is thrown by the Constitution, of convening
both Houses of Congress, when, in his opinion, the
public exigencies require it; and I ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and his
friends, to attend to me tor a few moments, whilst
I point out the means -by which that necessity can
be avoided.
I have prepared a short table, to which J beg
leave to call the especial attention of the committee,
by which Í think I shall be able to demonstrate.that
unless the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means and the party with which he is acting
interpose promotly, an ex'.ra session will be inevita-
ble.
What is the state of your Treasury? That is the
first matter \;hich will naturally attract the atten-
tion of the new President.    The Secretary of the
Treasury, ia his annual repoit, transmitted on the
tenth day of December last, stated that there would
be found ia the Treasury on the first day of Janu-
ary, 1841, a surplus of §1,580,355.   That was the
fsüma'e; that was the prophecy.    Now let us as-
certain to what extent this estimate or this prophe-
cy has  been verified by  the event.    Why are we
now in comoiittee?   Is it not for the very purpose
of raising the ways and means to  pay  off part
of   the  debts contracted  previous   to   that time,
and  which the Treasury has no means of paying,
notwithstanding the balance estimated to be in the
Treasury on that da>?    What has  become of that
balance?    The truth is, it sevor was there.    But
let  me   go   ba<-k.     I   have   prepared   a    table,
showing the present state  of the Treasury, tak-
ing  every word of  the repon of the Secretary
i,f the   Trei'.snry  to   te   true,   for   the   purpose
of s'iO-.vh-.g   thai,   takii.ji   the   extraordinary  re-
cjip-s and e-citaot'Jinary expenditures of the years
1340 o.nd IS 11, the extraoidmary means which will
be rtnu-red m 1541 to meet appropriations already
i-.-.a/.e* by Cousin will fce upwards of $9,000,000
«reatrr  ;h-"i "the   extraordinary expenditures of
OrditUry leceipis of 1340 -           - §17,197,763 00
Balance in Treasury
1st January        . #2,246.749 00
Extraordinary re-
ceipts       .           .   8,790,000 00
111,036,749 00
