Feb- 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&7S
26th Cong.••••2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Triplett,
H- of Reps.
other departments have been diminished by him
down to his own standard This, I 'hinir, is a
complete answer to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Jomes.] The heads of the other Departments
said in their estimates what they believed the pub-
lic service reqnired. The Secretary of the Treasu-
ry razees them down to what he says are indispen-
sably necessary for the public service. And yet,
in another part of his report, he points out as one
of the means nhich his successors may use to p?y
off the debt he has created, that they may diminish
their appropriations below his estimates. I may,
by possibility, be mistaken; I know that the gentle-
man from Virginia understands these things better
than I do. I am but a young member of Con-
gress, and it is only lately that I have turned my
attention to this department of our business. But
I felt it to be my duty to look into ihese matters,
and I shall do it. I cannot admit that the Secreta-
ry of the Treasury is not bound to supervise these
estimate?, or that he is at liberty to send them here
unlets he thinks them reasonable and proper.
But to his remedies—and that is a subject in
which I feel a deep interest. What is his re.nedy
for the payment of a national debt of four m.iiious
and a half of outstanding Treasury notes, in addi-
tion to the five millions we are now about to create,
and the amount created by the postponement of
payments on contract? until some more convenient
season? which has already been done in the district
of my friend who sits before me, [Mr. Mallory,]
and who, probably, can tell you more of the matter
than I can.
The remedy is to reduce the; estimates. I have
shown that this is a matter of impossibility as re-
gards the coming Administration, because they
will not have had time to enter upon such an in-
vestigation as will enable lh°m to act understand-
ing^, as the present Secretary of the Treasury
might. Why did not he point out the particulars
in which the "appropriations could be lessened"
I will point oat some particulars in which his esti-
mates ought to have been increased. His sedenta-
ry militia in Florida has to be clothed, and fed, and
paid, and fon d with ammumtior<; yet, for al1 thi;,
no estimates were sent in: yet this, 1 suppose, is
one of the objects in which 'eduction may be m-ide.
Added, then, to those out-landing Treasury coles
of four and a half millions, and to the five millions
proposed to be raised by this bill, (and for which, J
suppose, most of us will vote,) yon have ¡he stun
of eight hundred tuoesand dollars for the? sedentary
militia; and you must add to thai the sum <"f near-
ly two hundred thousand dollars, as the sevKlenuo
from Virginia [Air. MUllory] tells us for due bills
issued and payable on the 1st day of January, or
1st day of April, at Old Point Com'ort, which have
not yet been paid, and fur which no estimates have
been sent in. Are not these due bills debts which
you have succeeded in ihrowing upon the coming
AdminUtra'ion, and which that Administration trill
be compelled to pay? They must either do so, or
they must dishonor your draft*, and say that you
have not acted according to law. Yon must uke
either one horn of the dilemma or the other. The
Secretary of War has already asked an appropnalioa
of two and a hall millions, of which this §800,000
isa part, I suppose. Add this, and then }Ou have
a debt made up of something like eighteen or twen-
ty millions of dol'ars.which the next AdministiatHn.
will have to pay. To he sure, some of this debt
may not fell on the year 1841; '-■- may fall on the
year 1842 But here i? the difference; when the
heavy item of unapprop: iatt H balances fell last year
upon 1840, theie was a balance in the Treasury of
nearly three millions of dolbrs to commence with;
whereas this balance falls upon the year 1841,
which finds us with an empty and e\h3ust?d Trea-
sury.
What, then, is the remedy? Wc must fall back
on the second plan prepared by the SeoreUry of the
Treasury. There ¡s a permanent national debt.
I now seize upon this as an argument in support
of the point to which I am sow coming, and
which is, to show that we must in some measure
regúlale the tariff. This brings me to say a few
words in reply to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wise ]
I am in favor—and I think a majoiity of the
Wcig pat'y oí this House, oí the Whig party
throughout the. Union, and, in fact, a majority oí
four fifths of ad the people are in favor—-of laying
upon wines, silk--, brandies, laces, and other arti-
cles of luxury, at least as high a duty as will raise
the revenue sufficient to meet the economical wants
of the Government.
I may be tola that this is tariff doctrine. Well,
to some extent. I am a tariff man. But justice re-
quires that, m raising revenue, the duties be so laid
a* to be the least felt by the people themselves I
am not goir.g into an argument (for it is unneces-
sary) to show that a tariff upon wines, silk*, lace--,
and the like art-cles—thiegs which are not used by
one family in a hundred to the extent of a single
d'dlar—tan be better borne, and will be more wil-
lingly paid, and less fell by the great ms-s of the
people, wan a tariff laid, as it is now, upon whit
are, to some extent, necessaries of life.
I am willing and anxious to continue our present
tariff of 20 per cen■. en protected article--; but I go
one step further. Luckily for a particular interest,
which is represented on ihisfljor, so far as Ken-
tucky i- concerned, by myself and some three or
four of my colleagues, and by some twenty roern-
b-;rs from other States, the present situation of the
Treasury and of ¡he tariff Ipws seems to presenta
favorable opportunity te- remedy the evils under
which that interest labors, without coming in con-
flict with the views of oilier rtentleoien representing
the ot'-,er great interests of the country. The parti-
cular interest, to which I have al'uded, is the to-
bacco interest of the United State-*; the essential in-
terest of five States of this Union, with a popula-
tion of at ¡east ;i million and a half. And h-re I
come to reply to a few of the arguments of the
g?nileman repre= = ruing the Accomack district, in
Virginia, [Mr. Wi--e,] and whom I am glad to see
in his seat.
I caü h> i &iLe-Moa now v thi: question of the- to-
bacco in'^rest, vbxh I iu par! lepretf-nt. I sny it
is oppressed to an ex'ent of which no man in this
House has 'he raosi distant idea When Í demon-
strate to you, «-, I shall, what that extent is, will
you fold your ^rms in. slenct? Will you *ay to
us, ground as «c aee to the dust, ' you mii>t still
bear jour buree."*?" ~Vft|, I can b?-,r them; my
constituents csn be--r ¡hem; but IV-v will gnash
their teeth whilst they do so.
What is the r'ttuUon of the tobacco interest?
Let me-s-jy to the gend^man fro.i Viigmia, [Mr.
V«''isa,l tl\ it I do not lii'n'.i he h.\s studied this sub-
ject ."s he isv-o'jtl > study those ?rea* national qurs-
j lions which hi is compelled to di-evtss here. He
d e-= no! represent a tobacco region. He, there-
fore, bas no; been coixpePed, as I have beer., to
s'udy-t-r subject in all its bearings; he has taken it
up incident;,!!}, as a raa of V,- national duties.
But it has been the obj'-et o[ my especial inquiry.
Let me tell hi.-e. all the f-ci?, a-'d if his American
blood does not sur within ¡nm—¡i ins chivalnc cljp-
ractei ts' not cr-Ued in!o action—if the ire. even of
the ftatssman is not aroused, I c-.n only say that
I have mistaken the man himself.
The tob-KC-' of ,h- U died States, when tended
in England, is taxed <.e',*cnt;.-fivc ten's per pound,
being upwards o* ash1 hutdredper cent, on the
original cost. Will 'he gentleman point out tome
v. hat olh'-T produc of the United Sta'es is taxed to
the same extent in any nation iu Europe? I have
been asked by the g.?ntkman from Pennyslvania,
why does this íoeaeco m'erest stand prominently
oístinguiíhsd from th3 era-n r;ro'v,ns; or the cotton
interest Lit rae reply, tba1 cotton, worth twelve
cent- ^er p-und here, is taxed only four rents in
Bna'and; v/hik: tobacco, worth eight cents p<?r
pound here, is t?xed seventy-five cen's: in other
words, the one is taxed 33J per cea", the other 800
per cent. Arid my grain-giowirg &nd cotum-¡;row-
íng friends can look w.tn great equanimity en the
misfortunes of 'heir neighbors. Trie shoe does not
rjinch ¡hem; a-id, therefore, they psk why we come
here with our complaints—Thy w Sield a conven-
tion—and why ire wish to make this particular in-
terest prrmm-'nt? The tea'-on :* 'his: if, under 'he
safety-valve tariff of Great Btilain. which taxes
wheal flour at forty per cent, the giam-growinsr dis-
tricts grumble, how much more cause have we to
complain when our staple is taxed to  the amount
of 800 per cent.?   Is not the simple statement of
this fact sufficient to rouse us into action?
Let us take a look at the other side of this pic-
ture. One of the advantages which we expected
to derive first from our Confederation, and after-
wards from the union of the States, was protection
to the commercial interests of every Stale. Ken-
tucky gave up to the General Government, as did
Vitgima and all the other States, ihe power of pro-
tecting her agricultural interests abroad. We are,
therefore, compelled to appeal to Congress for that
protection which we cannot afford to ourselves.
Let us ,-ee how far this protection is extended to us.
What is the amount oí our tariff on English im-
ports? Great Britain, as I have shown, receives
from us our lobacco at a tax of 75 cenls per pound,
or 800 per cent. We receive from her fifty-six
millions of imports per year, and we tax them at
124 per cent.; that is to say; she taxes our tobacco
sisly times as high as we tax the products oí her
labor here. Is this fair? Will any high-minded
man, whose blood is drawn from the veins of Re-
volutionary ancestors, submit tamely to this op-
pression, or say that we ought to do so? I honestly
believe that ihe evil needs only to be understood in
this House to be remedied,
But France has served this tobacco interest even
worse than England. And here I ask ihe especial
attention of the committee to another fact. France
monopolizes the whole of our tobacco trade in the
hands of the King, or of those to whom he sells the
privilege: this document (House Doc. No. 229, 1st
Sess. 26ih Cong.) tells us that it is in the hands of
Mr. Rogers and fix or seven others. How much
do they import? In 1839, they imported into
France about seven thousand hogsheads. Make
the calculation for yourselves. At fifty millions of
francs, (something less thaa ten millions of dollars,)
li is a tariff of $1,498 on every hogshead of to-
bacco; that is to say, Ihese gentlemen pay to the
Kins that sum as a tax on each hogshead.
Tnc gentleman from Virginia says, if we tax
French wines and silks, in retaliation for their high
t^x on our tobacco, we thereby diminish the con-
sumption of these articles, and lessen the means of
Fiance to purchase our cotton, rice, and tobacco.
It would be a sufficient reply to this argument for
me lo say that France, by ner high taxes and re-
strictions on our tobacco, diminishes the consump-
tirn of that article in France, and lessens our
means to puichase her wines and silks; that she
commenced this warfare, and continued it for fifty
years on her part, against our repeated remon-
strances, before we lilted a hand in our own de-
fence. But a full answer to this and all similar
objections is furnished by the fact stated by the gen-
tleman himself, that a tax on French wines, bran-
dus, and silks, will diminish their consumption
here, notwithstanding his argument, in an earlier
part of his speech, to prove that the high tax levied
by France on our tobacco did not diminish its con-
sumption there, and ^as no injury to the American
tobacco planter.
When the producers of French wines, brandies,
and silks, find the demand for these products of
.their ndut-¡j diminishing, they will naturally in-
quire ir-'o the cause, and will learn that, while
hereto'ore their wines were admitted into America
at a duty of five cents a gallon, or ten per cent, on
their first cos1, and their silks duty free, which
caused a laige amount of the.-e articles to be con-
sumed here, their king taxed American tobacco
one dollar a pound, or one thousand per cent.
which caused a very small quantity of that article,
comparatively speaking, to be consumed in France;
that the Araepcans, to countervail this duty, and
cause it to be taken off, had taxed the wines, silks,
and brandies of France, which caused a smaller
qnan.ity of ¡hem to be used there now. What is
the next question the French producer of wines and
silks would ask, Mr. Chairman? It is this, sir; it
is this: What remedy is there for this evil? Is
there no hop irable method of getting these burden-
some duties taken off of these products of ouf in-
dustry? And they will be told it is a part of Ame-
rican policy—a part of the law which put on these
duties—that whenever ihe King of France dimi-
nished or took off his duties on American tobacco,
the duties are to be diminished in the same propor-
