I Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28$
26th Comg....2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Monroe.
H. of Reps.
their power into his hands Those who have had
any acquaintance with my public career, know that
I did not enter the ranks of the Opposition from tbe
mere love of opposiuon I should have been glad
to have seen the last (as well as toe p-esent) Admi-
nistration go on successfully in. a course of policy
calculated |to promote lhe great m er-s's oí th s
nation, and to have given rny feeble support to
them. Towards its head Í have a'ways mam
tamed personal good feeling, coupled to an un-
feigned solicitude that Iw might «o administer the
Government as to secure the great purposes for
which it was deusned Believing that he had not
done so, I early threw my«elt into lhe Opposition
against General Jack-on's administration I be
lieved that he was ivurpmgall the doubtful powers of
the Constitution, and I went against him And
whea the present Admioislration came into powr,
had they done what was right, I would hai e gone
with them I have, therefc re, gone with General
Harrison, I will support his administration just so
long as I think it is right, and no longer. I am
under ne obligation to him or any o'ber man vho
may be called to the helm oí this Givernment, to
support him one hour longer than lea" ppprove
h s measures and believe lhat tney   !! piom e
the interest and the welfare of lurcommon country,
no, not a moment And I rare not whe her he i-,
infavorif aBankol He Ufitea StMis—of a di-
tnbution «f ti e pr jcrpds oí die sa'-s o th  r íbl <■
lands—o. of a t >riff, I i^al) lork a hi1- measure
as a whole, and, as such 1 «•ja'l p" n j jd_-
ment upon them If I behpve thai there i" eneuj.,
of tsood in those mensure*, i shall sipport t em—
if I believe they are fraught with evil, I wnl op
pose tbcm Thi<5 has been m/ unimrm com so,
and I pledge myself to men of all pmies that J
shall not depart fiom it for die time io corre I
am not going to ts k about my patrio' «m, w am
Í willing to judge m advance what ar° to be th 
measures of Genera1 Hair son I leave bisnrlic, t
him, simply remarking ¡hat, whatever it may b°, 1
shall watch it rarrowly
The question of *he tariff has hep" 11 ought mi
during tbe discussion < n this Treasuty m !e bill
1 have been a rlc-e obs rver of ihe foiKse of
Southern genllemtn on tais floor a*>d el r\ivere, <-n '
I now say, with all re=peet, tba'it is , y honest
conviction that you cannot get any one Southern
man, giving him a week to do it m, to bnn-r in a
tariff bill which any other Southern n an w ill ap-
prove In other words, I do not bel eve t ou can
get any two Southern men to agree u ion a tariff; or
this country. Nay, I go furth r, and say that if,
perchance, they 'hould agree upon a bill and
should both vote for it, one or the other wou'd, at
the very next meeting of Congress, move its repeal
or modification There r> a t< tal want o' affinity
in all their views The gentleman from South
Carolina, near ire, [Mr Pickfns ] asks me wne-
ther Northern men can agree? I say, yt*, and the
reason is to be traced directly 'o ihe common
school s3.si.em—to that practical, s< und, common
sense derived from these schoo's Aid with all
the pude which I feel at me recollection that I
was born m lhe South, though at verj early years,
I went to the Noilh, I will say that rotwith-
standing all the piotessio^s we hear, I do not
think that there is any more individual Hones y m
the South than in the Ni rtb, I rm disponed, how-
ever, to give to the South i Ltile more cred t for
hkmg constitutional aoslrao'ion and for de 1 ng in
technicalities, about which, a I hav" suted, no
two men amongst them can agiee They eh you
hete that they will not go for a duly oi ikc and
wines. Whv1 "Gentlemen ot he Souih (sav
they) watch this thing well, these men f om the
North, who understand their interest-, b-tter man
yon do, may commence with a pin, but the} mil
seeure a large en enng wedg  before- they hive
done, be on jour guard, therefore" Now, s r I
say that, so far as I know and bplieve there r* no
intention in the North to attempt such a violat on
of the rights of the South as is h re indicated The
simple question is, what will Southern gentlemen
on this floor tell us they are wuhng to tax m order
to create a revenue"! I want none of their akstras-
tions. I do not want them to tell me that we do
not require money.   I know as much about that
as they do But, lef them tell me what they are
willing to tax in o'der to raise revenue' Let them
name the anieles, and I will undertake to say that
my fuends will meet their view , if even they
ehould partially militate against tbe interests of the
North I>t gentlemen from tre South name any
fair thins, and adhere to it, and we will make a
compromise with tneml Some years ago they
came he re and demanded a modification of ihe
tariff, wmch resulted m the act commonly known
as the compromise act At that tim° it was urged
in theS utb that luxuries ourhtto be taxed. Well,
the No; h said, if necessary, tax them. The com-
promise bi 1 passed, and now the South tells the
North, you shall not tax the e luxuries, because,
though >ou may commence with a pin, you will
make a large entering wedge before you have
done Sir, that is not our mode of proceeding
The No.th asks Ihe South to adhere to the com-
promi e ac', they do not desire to disturb it. But
the South comes now and takes a direct issue with
the Noith upon Northern principle;, on the score
of what' Of the gre«t watchfulness of th  South
on| the tariff question.
There are two subject  which Southern gent'e-
men on this floor seem extremely tenac ous of
keeping up Why, I know not I admit lh 
genero i } the talen*, s>nd the high m nrledn^ss of
the Son h, Iu' it wou'd be will, I th nk, it ihev
ccu'd d stover soT>e other obj"cPs m which to est
th ir ab 'actions They hane taken up a^o'iton
with a si"at nose and that matter b ,rg about
used up, thev have pone back and taki-n Nirth<"rn
grc jnci on the 'ariff, and assuned that a h gh 'oned
Soulh'n ground W« "-e ' jthoaf revenue aid
now thr simple question which aris s is th s Will
the Coigns-, of the United S ates ta\ certain "rt-
e'es ofluxp-i, (or, if you choo e n say n armfa--
tnres, be i> so) for the purpo e o1 raising leí n ic'
We onl/ si you to name Ibe ?rtioe= froii vhch
revenue shall be derived, because we m ist hpvr it
no man doubts ihat let bin read the SecM^n's
leport - moch ?s he pifa0   Whattb amo nit
may Le, vs 'it °o certain—gentlemen dift>r bout
it The i>"mlen>?i froro G orgia [Mr Black[
has proved to the enfr  satisfaction of hirr-ell
?nd, I =upp<"se, rrh>s pel ica'frjen's if rf no cri-
éis , that tin ooj<ctisto ivcirt increasing he re-
venue, because, he says, wo shall have, m ii>e
course or two years, by an ad valorem duiy of §0
pei cent a revenue o1* thi'tv two millions of dol
lar^, and he fears, if it is increased, ihat there wd)
he a serf b'uig *br the loaves and fishes I hi? 
no such fear, at all events, I can assure him iha
his diatirgmshed friend in th other wing of the
Capitol [Mr Calhoun] will look wanH to that
matter a the proper time.
h is not my lPteniitn to «peak to Sou hern
genil°men in a disrespec'ful manner, and had I not
myself bpen born m the South, 1 would n t'nie
epolien ro plainly as I have d ne But I feel
«iu'noriztd to take gr^at la'itu'fin th emat">s
I do not come here f >rgettmg that I was b^rn m the
S uih, abh^ugh I am a reprifcuat ve f'om a
Noith-rn Sta'e, nor do I wish to claim ?  thug
fnm the Souti beyond what I am willing 'h 
Pooth hould claim f'om m  But m telh *« them
th?t our '■or'im n «p^ools of thpJJorhhave en
h htened our citizens—that ihe pía n common
sense education uhich we give io our }outu. has
fitte I them for the busjre s of the world, aod his
enabled them to jump ove the abstrae1 ons tilth
which my friend í of iht South are eternally an-
ro^ ing themselves and u«, I tell them no more
than the truth It was well enough to -Vaiss
these things under the colonial «ystem [Mr M
here adverted to the corns  of education pursued
uoler 0-e colonial system, and i's effects rn 'he
ehfrfoter arid minds of the joung men of the
country, but he was not heard distinct'} by th=
r-pirter.   Mr. M   then proceedid as fdlov]
We have all learned that thi" is a better Govern
ment now than it was -opposed to bp at the time of
its formation, and every man of us will rally in its
defence, no matter what his education may have
been.
There is another thing to be taken into considera-
tion With all their national feelings, Southern
gentlemen may be better read m the Constitution
than we are—they watch it with a closer vigilance
than we do—as the weaker man will watch the
movements of his stronger adversary with a keen
and fixed contemplation The balance of power
we know is not exactly even But let us alone in
the North—our eyes are upon you—and we regard
ycur rights much more than you suppose. And
althoush you may understand constitutional ques-
t on  better ihan we do in the North, yet, let me
say, the North is not less patriotic or less national;
and (hough the rren of the North may be very
careful of their own interests, yet that they will
sho v as ready a hand and as good a sword m the
common defence as ever th  South can boast; that
they will give their blood as freely and come
up to the lm°, if need be, in the day of battle,
with a«, little dodging as the South or any portion
of it
One word in relation to proteclion la am not
in favor of protecting manufactures, but I will take
th  rouble to show what Mr Madison thought ot
that as a question of right I am not geng to dis-
cuss ti e subject. I want nothing of that kind be
yond what the compromise act gives us. I have
not a dollar in the manufacturing interests. But
simply for the purpose ot shoeing what was Mr.
Madison's view of the constitutional power, I will
read the pr-asible of the second law passed by
Confess in 1789, and 'ihich was draughted by
him     It is in he loibw n? words
' Wheieis it is npce^aiy f i the puppoit of Government,
f H the ihschaige of debts of t e U uted states, and the
ercimiaement -ii t piotectian or manufacturers that du
tits be laid on soots wares and merchandises imported
Now, Mr MaJison th mgln that the right to pro
tec' did exist orbe -"ouldnot hare s'aiel so m
his i * y M i tnend ft p V rgitua [Mr. Wisi ]
will no* gainsay smv thing ihat was ever pro-
c'simef bj tbit i "u ttiou ir >n And let me say
mm I nrysett defer 'o h s authority ihe more
wilhncly because Le did not deal quite so much in
abstractions as some gentlemen, professing to be
his fol'owers, do
Mr Wisf here ros , and desired to know
vho htr the suitleman irom Nevi York [Mr Mon-
ro?] had Ker> edoca'ei in oih of the common
sch til>of beNorta2
Mr iVjONROE said he . ad received precious
li'tl" iducation any where, but he knev one
thing ihat ne had lived too long in the South in
his early years to have received any thmj like a
practical education
Mr Wise Then I have hsd lhe advantage of
thegen'tcmanjforl was e!ucat d in theschoolsof
tie Nirth
Mr Mon'roe Tren vru have had a great ad-
va' tare o<?er m° in having been educated any
nhere Aid tnis accounts for the removal of
loc-1 preju lices, the liberal feeling, practical de-
dictiors and iluistrMions of my fr.end from
Virginia, [Mr Wise ] Though I do not concur
m «brie with his remarks the other day, [ confess
lh*t I l.stepeJ wi h plpasurc to them, and that I ac-
corded my apon batiop te much 1 ai fell from him.
And ti"ie It' me si' ihat the hi notable gentleman
ha pu)liciy ex res ed that which I and many of
oar tuends on this floor in private have de-
clared
I t ope that I stall not be understood as m-
tendm?, by any remarks I may make in relation to
th  common schooK of the N rlh, to cast any re-
tí riion upon my friends of the South However
reach my friend fiom Vitgm a and myself may
differ as to national policy, no one will question
his patriotism and purity of intention, and I take
p easare, and it is due to him, to *ay, thai, what
ever maj be his difference of op-nion with political
friends, theie is no member on this floor who has
more tr>e p-rsonal confidence, respect, and good
feelings of this House, without regard to party,
than the gentlempn mt «eif.
I have orp word to say in reply to my colleague
from New York [Mr Barkard ] He has laid
down rather a broader basis of ?c'ion5m the re-
marks he made, than I am wi bmr to sanction
But he was dealing only in generalities, and I do
not doubt that, when he comes to particulars, he
and I shall agree perfectly well There was not
much of abstraction, however, in what he said—
there was a straightforward candor about it that
