Feb. 184Í.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28Í
26th Cowg.-.^d Sess.
enab'e you from tim to tipie to get along, and you
ought to leave your opponents no excuse for any
exttaordinary me^uits to meet emergencies, by
extending liberally the provi ions of tMs act to
your successor .
By the ac' oí Oc'ober, 1837, you authorized Pre-
sident Van Bar nto cuse to be issued ten millions
of Treasury no es, as me exi^e^ces of the Govern-
ment lequned, of denominations not less than fifty
dollars, wi h a limitation of one 3 ear. Tins power
ceased on the 31st Decemoer, 1838
By the act ot May, 1833, you authorized the Se-
Cietary of tie Tre¿ ury, vih the approoation of
the Presiden , to issue Ireasury no es, according to
the terms oí the ac of October, 1837, m place of
such notes as had btcn, under oaid act, paid into
the TredSjry and cineelled.
By the act of March, 1839, you extended the
two iornjer acts, a3 to the remainder of Treasury
notes, &c. to June, 1839
B> the act ot Mirch, 1840, you renew d the act
of October, 1837, and the subsequent acts, and
gave authority 10 issue Treasury rotes m lieu of
others therea'ter or b°fore redeemed, but not to ex-
ceed m the amount oa standing at any one time tne
aggregate oí five millions And this act continues
until March 31st next
And you now propose by the pending aGt, lt^ad-
dition to the power to keep five millions outstand-
ing under the act of 1840, to issue five millions
more at any one time for one year after the pas-
sage ot the bill
Now, suppose this act to pass to day, what will
be its effect? Why, sir, from now until the 31st
day of Maids, tnis act bring cumulative upon the
a-t of 1840, there will be a power to keep outstand-
ing, undei the two acts, at any one time, the sum
of ten millions ot dollars After that period, the
31st of March, five millions only can be kept out-
standing at one time The effect is, that you will
have, for the remnant of your days m power, the
double power, or the power under two acts, to is-
sue five million1., the power, in. a word, to issue
ten millions, ani the coming Administration wi'l
have the same power only to the 31st, from the 4th
of March, ani may not, indeed, have any power
at all to issue a Treasury note before the aU of
1840 expire , it> case you cho se to i^sue the full
ten millions, and to icave that amount outstard ng
when jou go mt
The law, then, as oruposcd, is unequal It does
not do as you would be done by 1 therefore pro-
pose, when the pending que ' on is di posed ">f, to
submit an amendment, provi ung that, it the «am
of five millions, or less, ba issued under ihis act
pmi to tfcp 4 h day of Marcb, 1841, m addition to
tne sum of hie milhcrs, or less, authorized to be
issued under,'he act ct 1840 and prior acts, thin
the Pre ider* m ly, after the 3Ut day of March,
1941, cau p to be issued a Iik- su n of five mil-
lions or le^s, 11 addition *o the ¡,am authorized to
be oatsiaiing al an} one iim-unda this ac
This will p'ac both Administration , as to
means, 01 precisely the same looting 1 have sub-
mitted this «smenda ent to the consideration ot my
colleague, [Mr JoNf ] and at the proper time I
shall propose it I nope it will noi. meet with any
opposition foil hi v
[Vlr Jo-ws" of Vrgi ia a d he wuld take th 
occasion to g'ate th t if v?s not expected b} 'he
Secretary of the f iea->ury f->a> mo e 'han one mil
1 on of do lars wpii'dhe u=<=db  ore'he 4 hoi March,
the gie¡ tu mopomon 01 wi < 1 wo 1 be requ red
to pay pensions wii eh w 1 1I1 cue attrr the
3d ot March It will not, tnereioie, be leqjiired
to meet liabilities falling upon th s Adaunistrmon,
but upon that which is to succeed it, 0 that Gene
ral Harrison's Ad mnistrat on will have the full
benefit of five millions of dollars 101 one year afte
tne 31 of March A similar bill was de-med ne-
cessary for the present Administiatior1, under like
circumstance^, at the comtnmement of 'he last
year, and Mr J coi ider<-d it jjst and proper now
to make a similar provis on ]
Mr. Wise. I fear there will be outsland ng debts,
not now estimated, which will more than make up
for all that this Administration will have to pay for
the next At all events, sir, with my amendment
to the bill, I am quite confident that this bill will
19
Ireasury Note Bill—Mr. TTisf.
provide meanj sufficient to meet a'1 immediate
wants and demand , and to "apply for a time the
deficiency in the Trepsury We are'0 d h?t this
deficiency is veiy g ea'. I have no doubt, sir, it is
fully as gieat, it not gieaier, than gei-t'^men cal
culate Bat we can never know wha' this deficien-
cy is until vc gp* m 0 power and h-v" a vcved
the v reck Teen we shall see Ni w we have r>C
the d ta upon which to cont-?dic' the statement of
the feecrelaiy of the Tre-sury, and I sh 11 not now
attend to dissuss ei her the eauves or the ex-
tent of this d^fciency fnere is 1 deficien-
cy, t'ioiigh, to iuif extei , ind we cannot
resoit to •> loan—«re camot resort to a tint!
—And ciUin y gcntl vn 1 will not ie«ort to dishi-
but.oioi the revenue fir supplies t-,iWi t ly n ed-
ea I knowof not th°r pUi of imwd 'p sppply
bevides an r-nple ¡ssie of Tressu-y > o'es, its pio
pose 1 by this bill
[Here ¡he committee rose ]
Thursday, January 28, 18*1
Af er all idmg to some matters touching the elec-
tion ot a Virginia Senator,no v insetted at th* pro-
per p]ace ¡a tue fi-st day's remarks, Mr\ Wii pro-
ceeded
Mr Chairman I wound up yesterUy ofee"branch
of discussion, or, ra'her, concluded one reí on for
supporting th s bill Í told the coiimittee t shou'd
vote for this bill as a friend of the coming Ad-
ministration, to provide it with the mems to g<"t
along, and I would place it, as to mean*, on the
same footing with those now in power. I admit-
ted there is a deficiency, .inn contended tba* Tret-
sury notes are the on y mtans oí immediately sup-
plying it
I novv pioceJ to mv second leasci for "uppoi'ing
this bill
2d To ¡>1 e< enl an extra se'sion.—The eCect of tnis
bill, if it pass with pup^r airendments, must be to
obviate all necessity, and to st>-0 gf ntlemen of all
excuses and prefnee  f r ihat, to in;, dreadful cal'ed
sessior'
Sir, I have an tnsttnc tve dread, inspired by expe
rienee, of an extra—a called se'sion. I venture to
a-sTt—and I appeal to the °ag<tcious of ihe party
to confirm the opinion—'ra the called session of
1837 did more th-m any other t ^ acts to o íerthio ;
tne present dynasty [Here several memb r of the
Van Buren p\rty no lit 1 absent ] I bebe le, I am
crtain, that, if ir --j sg1! , t wiM 1  tmifht with
m eh ef 'o the Whig pn y fiíii d stppo ¡llmem
to he whole coui t>y A *• Wiv, aa ' a" ■> f leid
to G nerai Hit so", Í depre ate i> as a iiuufjl
source ot agitation, men on, corfo rn error,
and rum Mi V«n Buienstruck oi lis unwise
exoedient «lib the most '■aiami ous *■■> 1 'is He
found the pablic m id, if er ibe u pens ou < f "r>e-
cie pa}ments, in a restK sandai --at!sfi d state, the
finances m a wretched condition, com mece decay-
ing ord" ad, and, instead cf oiea= na; tpe storm, be
yielded to his lars am* called Con^iess H> reueve
him Whpt wis the re1 il t tong~e°s Jul no'lnn-*,
and he lost pibie confidence, \/ en if he had
shj*n nj've, ¡f h3 hJd tir">n «n m hitr-self due
resp )s'oi itv, if he h">' si, 1 ^o ed ca ion and
cou'-ge, ms'ead <,' Co ,r.. s to ms rtJ -f, u-woa'a
h\v ?Jne tb -^ugh v : 1 a ' ti diH a'ti^s wh ch
uf'O'rdt j h n
Why is f (all u sessiin i)i/a\s dan^eTa ' Be-
cau e, si,, your verv p'ic'aip'tio'j ad-n t> you-
weeknes , a^d th"t wtakie s   e f' 1 or « d by
the fe'i a d alar 1 t cea'es in s tr ,   d 1/ the
t3ohghevne< "tion , w* ci a-s 'ii" 1 oe d sap-
>-o t d t e\„ t?s 111 rtinr No cap ?ii must,,'
lonf as he can pissibl/ avo d 1*, admit a '!oibtoi a
dang'r to bis crew or hi pa M „ers If h^ tr m-
bles, or throws up his comen id o any otoer man,
in the midst oe difl lii'dati pi, he ('isniiAiifes
I hir" elf, and j <-tlv th i-*! a\ , y the confidence in
hmi upon which alone he c?n r lv in ary em r-
g°ncy for sue es« ¡yji Van Buren's called session
d d no'ifng and lost a'l, an i so it will be w th 1 s ;/
we "follow in his footsteps "
Sir, the state of the public mmd and the state of
the times are both inauspicious to a ca'led session.
What are they?
I remarked yes'erday, sir, that the eoantry could
not expect too much from the wisdom, virtue, and
-    H. of Reps.
patriotism of rulers; that we ought to expect every
th ng from men placed in the highest seats of public
trust and confidence. But, sir, there is such a
thing as expecting too much from measures. Wt
may exp°c> too much relief, or relief too imptttientli
and loo sooi, Ji o n the wisest policy of Government.
The expectations cl the people for immediate,
sudden íebef are too high already. They cannot
be realized by the wisdom of man. Years are the
dav s of na ions Soon, m the history of Government
is long remote in the life of an individual, and there
is not one mdividaal in a thousand who reflects
upon this truth so essentially necessaiy to be well
understood and impressed, to fortify confidence in
any policy, and to secure it a patient s aitirtg for its
results to be developed before it either be con-
demned or approved. No remedy on earth is
worth a farthing without the aid cf the great reno-
vator—JVítíiirí's ovvri pnysician—the vis medici-
trix natuta;1 The quack, sir, always relies upon
the nos rtíiíi—the pill er powder is every thing with
empiricism, but the regular faculty, the secundum
artem doctor, sir, expects most from JVoiure's own
power to restore heiself, and no lung without net
aid—jr rather expects to give no relief but from
aiding the laws of Nature If you violate the 
laws, counteract or exceed them, or hasten then
beyond their own course, you kill the patient, sir
The public expectation is already doing that dan
gerous thing, the sttmulus is too high. The peo
pie are for the cautery, the knife, the severest dras
•ics, or astringents. I, sir, am for time—timefo
Nature to restore a weak patient too delicate to b<
tampered v 1 h, and for good nursing Any sort o
violent trea'ment will now throw this country agau
m 0 spasms, After being much, very much wea
kened too by p-cvious cinvu'sions Instead o
sooihmg and alia) mg excitement as we ought, gen
tlemen propose to raise expectations, already 101
high, «till higher, and to add fuel to a fire whicl
threatens to consume us The fevenshness of th
public mind ought to be allayed. Neither stamihi
noi depletion is required, either will be deadly, th
nation needs repose Time—a pause is require
for a safe and radical change of policy. The af
fairs of a r ation cannot be managed m a day, hk
the affairs of the nursery.
It there be a special session, iS will h° looked t
for a cure ot all evils livery thing will be expeel
td from it And what, if nothing should be dent
Is it not ceriatn that nothing could be done to mee
the Reneral expectation for immediate and almost mi
1 aculous rel ei 1 Sir, the sta'e of the ti mes ¡s obviousl
opposed to an operation of tue wisesi measure , eve
if they be adopted at a called session this yeai
What is our present condition? The present Admi
nistration go< s out leaving a perfect wreck behmc
The commerce of th  country ¡s wrecked—th
finances of the Government are deranged and bank
rupt—the whole monetary affairs of the nation 1
dilapidaum and ruin—a large balance of foreig
debt unmid—the S'Mes groaning under two huí
dred nib ns of deb'—the Federal Government u
suir Tre?sary notes—domestic debts unsafe and
d ilicdlty of collecting them—distress pervading a
c ft ses—confidence in trade destroyed—th* capita
1 1 ts h ja Jirg—the debtor classes under the hamme
—exchanges high and unequal—no unnorm cin
rfpey—and the bank  a'tempting, m the midst 0
danger, distress, ard dis rust, to tsume fpecie pay
ments, many of mem under v ry doubtful circum
stances of soivoncy' Sjch is our condition. Am
yet  gentlemen, withou' wp ting for further deve
I I pments of new causes oi effect*, are for rnshim
upon measures the very na'ure of which mustiu
e-eas  the 1 ressure of the tim"S An increase 0
tne tariff mils' 1 m-nedtate'y add to the derange
ment ot commerce—a distribution muot add to thi
deficitr ey of the Treasury—a national bank inns
cause a still greater and more caustic contract on
Tnere never was a time when the re3umption o
specie payments or the creation of a Mtional banl
d d not produce contraction and pressure, and tber
n -ver will be. What would both at once not do?
Gentlemen must reflect that all of their measure
are to be set m operation at once—they are all 1
"fen"—all to begin de novo.   Is it not likely the
I   some of them would fail to pass, or, if passed
!   would fail of their ends?    Then, if nothing, o
