.1841.
26th Comg-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
• 2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Wi
H. of Reps.
answer, because I see now a deposition to agita'e
the subject m order to prepare public sentiment for
the future.
This branch of my subject is by f„r th« mo-st im-
portan1, and, su, I wi'h to discuss it in detail
I say I see a deposition now to t_ repare the way
for a/uiwetar ft and distribution, and, it an extra
s-ession is to be called, that fu'me is not far distant
Sir, I see the signs—they srs, in number no1 quite
twelve—-they do not fill up the Zodiac—Leo
and Scorp o are missing—bat I have ten out
of the twelve syis for the almanac of the coming
year.
1st. The first sign of tne tariff bill of the lastse,-
sion—the fourteen sections which were added in the
Senate to a bill w dich originated in this Hou e os-
tensibly to prevent frauds upon the revenue. Un-
der this specious title, "To prevent frauds upon
the íevenue," fcureen sections «ere introduced
and added by Mr. Wright, the chairman of the Fi-
nance Ccmmittee m the Senate, to tax bleached and
unbleached ¿wens silks, and worded goods, chiefly lue
articles, Irom 5 to 50 pet cent —in raany cases ex-
ceeding the ra'e expressly ¡muted by the Compro-
m se Act, and ltivoivirg pi otee ion directly to Ken-
tuclej biggmg. Yet gentlemen then told us, "Oh,
we have no idea ot violating the compromise,"
and some Whigs and Southern gentleman voted
for that bill—as they are pidmg measures now—
"God forgive them," because they knew not what
they dd'
21. The second si rn is, the great Tobacco Con-
vention, which was held lately in tlnscitj,, which,
under the guise of retaliation for Frenen burdens
upon Maryland hi e foot, was another tariff move-
mem to mcrtase dunes for no purpose of re-
venue.
3 The thud ngn «as the leference of the bill
already mentioned as passed by the Senate last
session, agam this session to the Committee on Mana
factures instead cfieferrmg it to the Committee of
Ways and Means, when tHe u&t question has al-
ways been heretofore a question of reference—'hose
who advocated a protective 'ariff alu ajs going foi re-
lerring to Manufactures, and thos-> boo went foi a
revenue tariff (nly, a ways going for referring to
Ways and Means And un bill, "to prevfnt frauds
on the revenue," which is again reported, though
without 'he fourUen ections, is ltsell an odious ta-
riff ot protecaon, by its unnecessary and hard re-
strictions upon trade in all iorugu attie'es, and its
almost prohibitory provisions agiwnst the introduc-
tion of foreign articles at the custom hou>>. It is
a custom-house projective tariff.
4th. The lourt'a si^n i=, another bill to tax cer-
tain unprotected anieles al.eady reported by the
Committee on Manufacture, and now on the table
5tn Th° hf h sign is, to- reso.u ions oiiertd by
the gendtman tiorn Kentucky, (Mr Green )
6ih Tie notice given dj the gentleman from
New York, (Mr Babnard,) to offei h.s íesolutions
or amerdm-nts in ca*e h s m^ ion o strike out the
enacting clause ot this bill sicceeds.
7 h The an enament lPifded to be off led by
the gentleman trom Noith Carolina, (Mr. Stanly )
8th The speicnts .u both Houses of Congies",
particular!) thu <■ ir mis Houie, ol the gentleman
Irom New York, (M-\ Baenard,) of the gentleman
from Ma ne, (Mr Lvans,) of ths gentleman from
Tennessee, (Mr. Bí,li ,) oí Üou h Carolina, (Mr.
Thompson,) of Geutia, (Mr NioBet,) and ol the
gentlema.1 trim Kaaurtj, (Mr Pope) Tne last
gentleman's spetc i, «ir, wis m're optn and plainly
intelligible than any. He contended, in the first
p'ace, that you Wnl have a U gc deficiency in the
Treasury, in the next p'aci-, he assarted that yi u
will be compelled to resort t:> a laige tace ise of da-
tus on imports; that the compioimse act was no
compact, that the protec tve pnnc pie was not aoan-
doned by it, that the tariff was no burden upon
'he South, that Arkansas pays more than Virgtma,
or North Carolina, or South Carolina, in propor-
tion to population, and he insisted that the whole
South will eventually bo tne advocates 6f piotect.ie
duties So far the gentleman was consistent, but
m the next breath he magnified the necessity for
expenditures upon splendid internal improvements,
and went still further for emptying the Treasury,
already requiring the increase oí rtutte* to isppiy
is immense d ficitocy con'ended for by him, b)
distributing the pieceeds vf lh' public Unas 'o supply
the large deficiencies in the Treasunes of the seieial
Staes Yes, sir, ke summed up the whole ech nv
of ü> tnhulmg a deficiency of the Treasury hete to
supply deficiencies of twenty six Treasuries elsewhere1
D,d j ou ever hear of distributing a deficiency to sup-
ply d ficiencies1 Ihe moanm  of this parad ix is—
the raving of the tanff direci'y to pa¡¡ Stale debts nidi
rec ly' Hate we not an odd way of getting at tne
meaning of measjres' Who would ever ha.ve
thought of ihus defining that od t phrase—'distn
butmg a deficiency to supply deficiencies'!" I will
show you directly, sir, tha. any du'ies upon any ar-
ticles are protective duties, it they be not tor the
purpo e oí federal levenue. Who will Submit to a
protects e ta iff to pay Stale deb'sl In tni  way, s r,
the General Government will rot only be paying
ihe cost of State internal improvements and com-
mon schools, but all their municipal eipenscs. Thus
it will be laying duties, imposts, and excise, not to
pay iU own deots and prov.de ¡jr the common de-
fence, but to carry into tft-ct actually the powers
wi ich ar<i express!) reserve 1 to the S'ates Who
will bear this new and improved laütudma-
namsm, going fai beyond any absolute federalism
ever before heard of But, sir, I am only show-
ing the signs The speech of ihe gentleman" from
Kentucky (Mr Pope) very ingenuously exposes
the whol  scheme,    hx pede Heiculern
9th The lesjlution offered by the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr Everett,] to inquire of the
Sec etary of the Treasury concerning ihe late of
duties on ameles taxed 'ess ihan 3Ü per c t &c
waj it e beginmag ot the oiejuct ehaptu oí ih.s ta
riff mo ement. 1 objec ed to the introduction oi
this resolution, and must no  , pol gize to t^e ger
tleoit-n [Mr Everltt] tor i.avmg dom, so It wa 
from no unki id leeling to tn«t ^entlem-m per-
sonally, I as uie him, tor Í esteen him as. highly
ai any gentleu ?n on this floor But I t as unw>'-
hng, sir, to encourage any gentleman's attempt to
procure malei a1, with wh ch to agitate this- tariff
question, and tne gertlem-in's resolution \/ent a
little eeyond thr other which had been cffpied, m
looking to m?ny artic'es whion b"long to the pro-
tected class.   I aid not wisn them dis u bed
lOil.. Ihe second paragriph oi ihe 2d e! aptei of
this movement, and th  last s gn 11 ave cteerved,
s r, is a small statute mng on )our table, i sported
by the Go im t te t n M?nufaCiurco, \ hit h I shall
for b'evity ciil iiepm bill "ies su5 the pin bill.
It is a little hedge hog or po'cupme bi'l, xthich I am
afraid to hand'e
[Here Mr TiLLisiüir4oi ro e ara sdl(j¡ "it
ii haid foi the g^ntkman 'o kiCiC pgai ist the
pricks1"]
Mr Wise 1 ask tne Ch'kto read that bill
[The Clerk read it J Sir, 1 do not k,iow whetner
ourpm manuiacturtrs Iwve learned to p>it up their
pins nicely oi not. I know ihat )on Tay take a
papei of French oi E^gl h pins, and squeeze it in
)cur h^nd witno t d<-¡ ,<.r n b n g r>r cKcd. But
lest these paj rs ui Yan ce pins ue pui up loo~e!},
I w 11 not, « ib ti i gf'ifir '■> pc mi o->, hannle
tho n mis se rn, I villi i.t,«, a^a n t banahrg them
iioio, foi fe i of the liCjjaw tor f ,u, ir, that
you will beg u \mh jm bills—a', sir, tlv led t h -
tie, uuy lady pm bilh, and get, bdorc ws know
what jou aie at, into coaise woollens—ail t! e'.eavy
pro'ec ed arliclt , wh'ch would req urc bodkins or
darning needles to stitch tne n Ño, «-i*, ro If
the wo t ge s his head m, he w 11 h s whole bed} —
tv,e door hall not be left ajar with ray consent—I
am an ana tariff man, -<nd thai party is m ihe mi-
nority I begin ?t the beginning, sir I wl nor,
ü Í can help it, entertain even 'o much gs a pm
bill It tne lariffmajouty will et m.' aione, I will
gia ¡1) let them alone. I ab de by Ihe compromise1,
ihe very first principle of whicil i , thai ihe tar ffis
not tobe disturbed at all, except, as it points out, for
the purposes of revenue foi "an economical adminis-
tration of the Government " Let the South remem-
ber that, for ir is their only ark of safety. They
are the weak°r party, and these signs are otimous
Let the compromise act alone, is my policy on the ta-
riff.
Bat, sir, gcn^emeri all ted as now as here'ofoie,
thai tney ate for carr>'tnr< otd ihe <H>ranromh e, that
trey—oh, no' they will not disturb the compromise
LCt
What is the compromise acC¡ Let us see whether
we all understand it able . What are its termsí
What rs extent and limitation of operation? Sir, in
answer to these questions, I have, irom a sense of
justic, to do what I thought I never sh«uldbe call-
ed on by any sense to do—¡o praise a report of the
honrrable L vi Woodbury' Truly the sweetest
notes of tin, swan are his dying notes!! See
Senate document, 26ih Congress, 2d session: "Re-
port from the Secretary of the Treasury communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Se-
nate, a plan of a permanent change in the tariff,
January 19, 1841 " In this report gentlemen will
find my sentiments precisely, ana I forgive Mr.Se-
cretary for much of his usual obtu^eness of rntel-
lec', and obscurity of style, on account of this clear
and able rep >rt upon the exact spirit and letter of
the compromise act He truly say°:
1 Thu act is supposed to have been notan ordinary mea-
e ol le^is dtton,but the result oí a compromise between cer-
tat i iieatand c nliiuing interests on the d faculties then ln-
\uiveil in the agitating mattei of the tariff Hence, though the
act was in the lotmofalaw and therefore Hable, m a proper
ease, to any future modification or repeal of its provisions, it
is understood tint the parties most concerned contemplated
thereby a permanent arrangement of the leadingpnnciples
that should aftei wards control the whole subject The impor
tanceol the emeigency which occasioned the passage of the
law the distinguished individuals who participated mere im
mediately in a Ij usting its provisions, and the salutary influence
of then operatio i up to the present time, 11 imparting a degree
ol stability to out manufacturing enterprise, sought m vain
through the pievious fluctuations of legislation, have probably
contubuted to & lengthen this impression
But, howevet that fact may have been, and subject to subse-
quent ditaations- ab all laws mu>t properly be considered, yet,
10  change the limitations m this one, "O pccuhaily situated, and
11 do it igunst tne wishes of persons mot,t mtercsttd, or with-
out the apology of some public exigency 01 necessity of state,
wo id surely beem to be unneccssar) and, at lea«t, of doubtful
pío, uety
This view is my view of the binding obligation
of failh andinle-pst not to disturb this important
act ot legislation which once settled the harmony
of tms Union, and to disturb which would be again
to disturb that harmony. Gentlemen say it is not a
compact, but I say it is stronger than a compact, it
is a compromise, and is sacred. A compact, sir,
might be regarded as a bond or covenant ism some
kections, wh^re, if either be given, the debtor
thmks he may, if be can, avoid payment or dis-
charge of the obligation because it is a writing ob-
ligatory, but if he promises to pay only, his honor is
p'edged and ihe debt is safe So here, sir, if this
was constitutional law, gentlemen who plead it is
not a compact might conscientiously c'aim the
power to mo ate it as they usually, tn my opinion,
do violate that fundamental instrument which we
have called a C institution, but as it is merely statute
law, rot t!'°b)nd which may not be denied, I
put their consciences aside and rely upon their honor
to observe its faith
Wnence sprang this act1 Prom danger to the
Union—out of resistance to unequal and oppressive
taxat on Trie bill of abominations, the tariff of
1823, had co ^summated the protective policy. In
1832, th  question was one of a reduction of du-
ties The South conten ed for a reduction upon
p'o ected aiticks, and for a tax upon luxuries The
t^nii in ere=t m-de almost all the luxunesfree, and
left the duties on ihe protected articles. South Ca-
rolina, aroused, resorted to her reset ved rights—de-
ck,ed herselt "the judge ef the infraction and of
ihe m< de and measure of redress"—proclaimed her
oidmance of nullification, and swore by her altar
and her gods t 'at both she uld "sink together m the
dust" s oner than she would submit to oppression.
Gen Ja kson r^ se m his majesty, and swore "by
the eternal gods ' that he would "see the laws failh-
fmly cxecu'ed," and hang Calhoun, Hayne, Ha-
milon,and McDuffie, "as high as Hainan's gal-
lo «vs1" And his wrath was no idle wrath—his
tb/eat no vam threat. The State had summoned
her chivalry, and, as I am informed, one of the
members of h r convention, now a member of this
House, [Mr Rhett,] went even so far as to pro-
poce a dissolution of ihe Union, and Jackson issued
his proclamation, and his orders to the standing
army and to the navy. The nation was called "to
arms!"—the nakbn against a single State. No,
sir, the North against the South—section against
section—the very army and navy would have been
div.ded against upmseiw—fitther against son, and.
