ags
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841
26th Cong.......2nd Skss.
brother against brother! I was no milliner. I op-
posed the doctrine I opposed th® theory upon
which the resistance was founded. I defeated us
advocates ¡n an election tor a scat on this floor. I
was a Union man and for peace. Bat let me tail
gentlemen that, if warh «d Degun, every Union man
ol Virginia would have been a Southern man. No
standing army would ever have crossed her ancient
lines to do battle against a sovereign State, without
first fighting her suns of every faith at every pass
where volunteer  co uld have made a stand. Wh)t
Because, air, when the torch oi civil war between
this Government and a State had once been lighted,
the Union would have been dissolved. Once a war,
oever more a Unon—a Union as a Union has exist-
ed and should exi->t. After a war of that kind, it
"would have been a Unto % of consolida ion, cemented
by blood'—such a Union as no Union man of my
acquaintance would have been willing to see exist.
I doubt whether the officers of the navy or army
could have been brought to b<^r a gun upon their
own brethren in aims against what they solemnly
deemed unconstitutional oppre sion
[Here several gentlemen exclaimed—"Yesi El-
liott was there—Poinsett was there, the prestnt Se-
cretary o! War.]
Mr. Wist:. Yes1 and there were others hen to
pass a ' bloody bill," against which my present ho-
nored co' stnuent, the present Viae President elect,
alone v^tei ' Elliott does not deserve to be called
an officer oí th  Navy But Mich, sir, was the un-
happy co ditton ot or country when this act
passed—an act which, if it be not a compact, is an
act of reunion—an act of peaceful c mpomse ot
civilhostibt es which carried' hialina; onitswingv1"
An act, in the authorsnip of which consists the
cruet glory of an honored and distinguished Sena-
tor, who acquired by Us passage the illustrious title
of "The Great Pacificator " To ihat patriot I as-
cnbe allhonoi, puuse, and giaitu.de, which are
due to him, am! 1 mean not to strip him of a hurel
on his blow, but m< re it, a p trt of the secret history
of inn act wlncis, to the honor of another, has ne-
ver yet been r corded, and which 1 will take this
opportunity lo.cval.
Sir, yeslei .iy 1 a'luded to Mr. Mali on as the
only lamp ot my public hie Him I never sav,
and I should have remembered ¿noilier model of
wisdom, and vir ue, and pa'r otism whom I have
seen, and sun , i all situations of hf>—lens; and
intimately did 1 knou—weltdil Í love him, and
sacredly do I cherish his memory. He u hj
more. I * i^h I could imitate bis virtuous and hal-
lowed example in htt. 1 mean the lamentel
Hugh I awson White, a -erv.uit ot XYnnes\ee, a
son oi North Uarolm *, without wnose aid thi com-
promise  act nevr could have Income a law__
without «his  paiiioiism and firmness there
would have been a tivil w.ir upon a sovcrugn
State anil upon the Union. South Caiolina ought
to be toldot this South Carolina, who, in 183b,
threw her vo e irora him, her b«st delender from a
tyrant. When this act was btfore the Senate, lie
was President pro. tern ot that honorable body.
He wa  in the clmr, «tad had the appointment of
the cornuuiu.0 ivluc i hid to consider and report
upon the plan ol adj jsimg the ta-ifl dilli ulties    la
this high place, with this power, Í e was uiri'ed__I
will n >' say by whom—nof to put a certain gentle-
man (John M Clayton oí Delawau) on lhe°com-
mittee "lie rtaon was, ihar thtie were rival
pLn —one p.< ,>o, d by the Senatoi (rom Ken-
tucky, of whom and whose measure that certa n
gentleman \ a-- the mend, and the olhei plan was
that of the \ii m nation then m power. That
Administran n was <;ovenied by one of two mo
tives, perhaps t>v both, in v ishinv; to defeat this act
They wished crrt-fi ily t > grive preference to their
own plan, and 10 depri/e the autnors of this of the
honor of tiecomprom se, ir.d, pe hips, ths head
and chief wishe t nothing so mncn as the opportu-
nity to apply "the second S'ctun ' to the leaders
of resistance, wnom h<3 charged more with
treason to htwi personM'y than to the ciun-
try. The Pigwdent pf0 ,m. 0f the Senate
knew well the danger of defiea wg this act
When oiders we*e issued to h'oi no' to appoint
it, friend aiid advocate on the co nonttee, what was
his rep1??   T k '. piy of ,oat sage, ai d patriot, and
Treasuiy Note Bill—Mr. Wise.
hero—hero he was, for he had, like his chief, been
jin the wars—bis reply was a plea to the jurisdic-
tion of any power to dictate the manner of dis-
charging his d uy. He told the man who assumed
this authority, "You are too late. Mr Clapton is
appointed, and if he was nit, he should be. I vo ed
fi r the force bill as a d'cision merely that the Go-
vernment had the power to execute its laws. I never
intended it shou d operate oi actually be put in
force against any portion of my countrymen who
happen to difler irom me m opinion, and who are
as honest and conscientious in tnose opinions as I
am in mine; and, having voted ior it, Í will afford
every opportunity to legislation in my power to pre-
vent us effect." And this, sir, Droduced the first
cause of difference between him and General JacK-
son. He muzzled th* bloodhound-, disappointed
his chief of his prey, aided the compromise, and
gave peace to a distracted peopK Who wou'd
wish, even if he could acquire th'1 title of second
pacificator,  o produce scenes like tne^e aga n? Sir,
if ever this tariff controversy rases again, gentle-
mei will not  md one State alone in her resistance,
but they may find then "bloody bdls" js vain as
any attempt at compromise will be m fu'ure. L-t
us, then, I repeat, consider this ac', as dees tue Se-
cretary, an honoraiy bond of union, as binding as
faith, -and as precious as peace.
Ba>, sir, whether an orthnmy actor legislation or
not, it is and will continue to be a s'nlute, such as
it 1% until it pealed, every section ot which will
continue, unless repelled in whole or in pirt
Some,'in,--sim to imajine hat IK net expnt  m
June, 1843 Sofarfiom it, sir Hen, and not un-
til then, tammenes the paU of the ba'g m or "'ipula
lion intended for the Soulh Fro n 1833 unii iheL
the tanfi interest \ ill have had the dulc? mostly
above 20 per cent and not unnl then wil1 the maxi-
mum duty, not to exceed 20 percent becomefi\eJ
It will be hard, indeed, if it shall continue a com
pronuse until one party gets all the r share of the
bargain, and immeliately cease to be a compronwe,
and become a mere oui nary statute, subpet and
liable, like all other statutes, to be repealed, as
soon as the peuod ar ives, by its own hmttatois,
lot the othei pwty to deuve irom nab nefit'
Tim liuly will be jieldtn? to ih  j> ntechir #rule-
men *& construction both the b g and t ie lntle end
uf the ba.gan A pir> ot ih  very birgatn was,
that die eseessive pioiection should b gndually
reduc-d only for «me years, and iti n int exceed ,i
given rate of 20 per u nt. Will gentlemen now
saythit they will eiijiy ihis excess tí piotection
ebive SO per cent tor these nine y°ars, eradjally
re lueed only, an 1 tncr>, as soon a  the reduction
falK to 20 per cent that they will repeal the act
and piss a new ie to «uit their cupdit/—to go
baek, it tney p'e se, to the hi,>he-t rates of duty,
and that duty laid on what articles they pieas>? H
thi> is vth.it they mean by saying tais is no com-
pwmise, 1 aaree wi'h iLm, and admit tint, in this
sens-*, it will mean tor them to take all and leave
nothing for us'
Ttis act ol 1«32 was an ordinary act of legisla-
tion, liable to rspsal at any time, but containing no
limitation of time for us operation That act is
the basis ot this act of March 2 1833 ommonly
called the "compromise act " Bo'h acts com nue
on until replied, in whole or in pait.
Toe lsi and 21 sections of ihe act of March 2,
1S33, fix ihe duties on certain articles named in the
act oí 1839 at 2) per cent from and after ihe 30th
day of June, 1842
Section 31 enacts that all dut es sh .11 be cash du-
ties 'from and after the 30th da/ of June, 1842,"
that "such duties shill be la.d tot the ourpose ot
raisns sujn revpnue a* may be net sarV to an
ecenom oil administration of the Government,"
from and after v *t day, and it establishes Ihe horns
valna'ioa after tn?t day.
S cion 5th m ike  certain articles free 'from a"d
o/er that diy," prest nbes on what artic'es duties
are to be laid after 30th June, 1842, and provides
that the duties on no arfcles shall exceed 30 per
cent. 'f,om and ajler" that day.
Section 6 h .how¡> that the act contemplates its
renncuons in some respects to operate after  30 h
June, 1842.
|^     Here, then, we see that this act is but a medil
H. oí Reps.
ca ion and continuation of ihe act f 1832 No
ne v legis ation is necessary afer June, 1842, in
consequence of any expiration or suspension of
these laws. If let alone, they will work oat their
own provisions. They do not necessarily require
any renewal er change or adda onal enactment
whateve . And the dunes laid by tiese laws are
sirhcie.tin ordinary times, wh*n unu-ual causes
do no obstruct trade, to supply revenue for an eco-
nomical administration of the Government. There
is no necessity ¡or your distarbmg the act for rea-
son of any defect in it, or that it will not continue
to operate.
The extent and ¡imitations of the act are well
defined oy the secretary ol the Treasury's report.
"What, then, ae tho^esopuht ins oi le&tnUlon5}
'1 Thefhst ^ceins to he [hit a i eduction, by instalments, of
the foimer ru'e of r titles, when exceedtrg twenty per cent
sltotitd ltntnwith commence, and continue unintenupied until
Ttily 1st 1^4.2 so that w> en mat period armes, no duties what
evei should e\eet,t t\enty pi r cent The leading section of
the act is cxplict upon th b i o nt Hence, to defer or repeal, as
some have ptopo& d, toe tvv íeduetioiis now remaining, and
which ate to takL ttieet in 1 12 tv mid keep mtnv duties higher
thantwe iy per cent anttlu he in dnect violation of this ge
neidl piovm on But li these ' tst rt lutt ons should create a
deliciencym the lt-veTiii. tle&h ecuon of the act wjuldallow
uto bv otipp dmadilftientw ty, because this section piovides
tha , hi suji an e\ent nothing coitaine 1 in the ¡aw shall pie-
v^nt lal etin^ thi rates ol duty o i ameles which, by the alore
sal 1 act of l iih J ul> , 1832 ale subjei t to a less dt ty than twenty
per cent'
'2 It will be seen, howevei, that this provision contan sase
cond rcsmuion by limiting anyievi ion made before 1842 for
an met ease of the lariil to only such articles as pay a less duty
th in twenty pet cent
! Ihe ni>\tand thirdlesti etionon a leviiion la, thatthough
one may bo made before lb!2, for purj osea of revenue, if, when
lnueasinpr thed ttie=, it be confuted to articles paying less than
iwuiiy pet cit, yet it shout J not ru^e the tantt on those
ibjve thu lite tvi, ) lot tevenue—much less, piobably, for
inyo hn puip) e fue c ts ol ti ^ bth section seems to be
es, les^, tha the duty on ait cles p lyn „ a le o ¡ate mm twen
ty pu tent if ha ^e 1 buoic 1 1^ shall b^- alisad 'in such
inannei i   /to/to sxnei llut ¡ate '
'What would be deemed the ) toper disposition ol thislimita-
tion, it a duty of tvvuny pet tent un al mipolts would not
yield sumtjent tor the u somite purposes ol revenue, must
be ettle 1 when the c se b all aiiso But it is believed that,
witti ptoper economy theie is ! o likelihood oí suehacaie ever
occuiring in a peí o i ot pi.acc
'1 Another testuuion &u¡ posed to have been intended i«¡,
tint if a revision be made to opílate after June id, 1312, instead
ot befóte, s ill,as ajenen! luie, rioue of the duties shall be then
Idlsed bove twenty per rent Thu*¡ the close of the 5th sec
timpiowdis that ill impoi is, on  meh the 1st section ofthis
act may opel t e and all altieesnow admitted to entry flee
tl m luly, ot paying a It's tate ol duty than twenty pet cen
atvalmtm beloie the said ¿0 ll of June 1842, horn and after
thatuay mty oe adim ed to cntrj, subject to such duty, not
c-teecli (¿i- wenty pi t cent ud vakrevi, as shallbe provided
by law \ char «<• cou'd then he made at pleasure, Horn twen
ty pei cent downwards i eutne iieedom from any impost,
but no increase was to be permttttüto gu above thatrate In
deed the inleience would seem to be, that the compromise was
intended to pievent any duties Irom beug assessed even fftei
lt>42, exclusively toi the purpose ol distnbution, or piotection,
wnetberb low oi ibovu uvi pi v j u cci t in amoum, because a
clause m the ¿ 1 seelli i}ievilcs b t i il-i 1s42,'duties shall L©
laid fir the ¡ tnpose o iai mg suet rnenue as maybe neces                 I
saiy io an cconom tat a Innni^tiat i i o the Government,' but
is s lent as to lecoguis nr oi sinctiomng an authoril) to do H
foi my other f tupo e Ihe Mo ng such a revenue was the
gieat object ol gianting any power in thi Constitution to lay
tave3 and imposts And it would be dilficultto find, in a ltmi
ted grant of p iwers, ltto what is comamed in that instrument,
foi laying lFipos s, a vairant to impose them foi other and dis
tmct objeetb, andtspeeiallyiltiieopeiation ofsuch a measure,
appare itly undei ail assumed authority, and on a subject so
de ica,te mil momentous t) mankind as taxation should tend to
enlich paiticui.u classes or sections at the expense of others
Intiutl   thetanll is as-much at=v telo tf laxationasa land tax,                 (
a 3 amp tax ora dnect tax olany 1 i id, and is ch eüy distm
guishable horn them by being more subtle ->nd less obnoxious
in its foi n lu  confining of all duiog heieafter, toa low
tale wis theretoi des i able tithe "reat lnasu ofthe people,
becaubeu was confining taves to a low rate It wasfurthei sup
pi^ed wit out loubt, that, though comparatively low, they
would yield, with the her ordinary receipts an-tuipie supply
olrevenuejoi- u^h an 'ccoi om ctl admmistiati n is is con
ten plated by th.s section t f the act                                                             '
It is also piobdble il tt mary sound pi ^cióles o{ political                 j
economy, md i mutual ui neto arrange permanently the tariff
cmtroveisy, united to peisuadeCougit s i ot only to i educe the                 i
du íes lower, out to piovidethat they should always be kept
loi It r-ius lave been i t * enthut this would avoid the
useless   acillation, it l Oi'oily i  Irst  di imishlrg all the duties                 I
to tunny per cent I n, > wiiaviet/ ftei wards, of again
nnmed ate y ra sn    tl em above it    1  w  s fbvious, too, that,                 '
by keep ng the im| o tsmoie i educe    n,e ttntl would opeiate                 t
moie advartageou 1/ to <U<> a? Ie, a id ihe piocuiemeutof re
cipiocal tav >i abioad lit cmui ng in -ubs anco, any futute
ehaigeto  nuipo esofrevenue   il     , aiivv hin  Iwei ty per                 I
Cs.n   inste id ola wide ian"e of ti irty   mty   eiehty and even                 1
moie.at tines piev ojsiym p-uciee,aol fieqaentiy for pi o
teaion, itwauld htevvi e nnpaitf-te iter permaneni   and pros                  '
pentyevento   mano a lung it d,   wl h that toalioiher de                  !
bcnpuonsofmdu tiv It i„ well known fiom recent expert-
inet thatsichslibilm inourst  enol dutieswou 1 b> bet'ei
tor   iem   nufaetuier,    s wel „s 11  meioli tilt and rtcforrinu                  I
n.yat it s , than even i hi, lei nie exfo^ed to constant
cnarg s because, in the fnrmei ca -, m illigei ce and foiesi ht                 i
could nuke moic aecurate calculations foi the fmure, a more
Itinltorm tin f smore regular-eward to mdus ív, anda higher                 I
toneo! moral feeling «vouUeeerj w here take the placeofcon                  \
I  sin iiiictuations, merogambinasieculations ana a dangerous
