Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
S93
26th Cong.......2nd SEbS.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Wise.
H. oí Reps.
overamon, from renewed hoiea of nign p-ifits, often go very
fallacious Business and the currency woad then be steady,
and be regulated as they &houl' be, ldther by the groat Uws oi
tradethan by bai <s ol pill ician Nor 13 tins peirnanency
injuriousto hobbir"! and irttsan any mot than to other*, as
all trades aid regions of this countrj areotient to enterprise, and
a larger su tie here than abroad ol the income m any one branch
of busmen must and should uniformly go to wages rather than
capital, or the wo Lman will, un ier our fiee institutions, quit
itformore ' icrative employment On the conttary, lfanunu
sually large t ure go to htm for a time, in any particular pjrsuit
or place, oth°cs will so m rush in, paititipate, and reduce it,
by competition evei below the aveiag" Lniiormnyand «tea
dmeso, are, theiefere, not > ij 11 ou to in diough engaged in
labor 01 manufartuie , hut u e til to ill, except tlem°ie:>pecu
latlflgcla" es
"Two other 1 estncuoris ex si n the 31 sec ion of the compi 0
mise act, which seem t j have e i 1 rtended more e pecnlly foi
the benefit of the manulict irersard of the rcenue
"6 One is that aftei ian°, IM2 a! duties on lmpoi is shall
be collected m ready in mey, and all eredtts now allowed by law
in the payment of duties,-sha 1 be and heieby are, abolishe 1'
This was regarded, at that tim" as a change likely to be veiy
favorable to the manufacturing c ass, by making t ie twe ity pu
cent m cash opeiate, wituall), as a hlsrner ^rot ctsun than
twenty per cent on a credit (as now) of thiee and six months
without ínteres In point of tact, it was al 0, a provision pio
phettc as to evils to t onv under in excessive credit system
andwillbepi es=sed of mucn mpoitance m curing them, anl
in securing the Grveinmen and thiough it, the community at
large, against losses, b\ ciedi to nieichants foi dimes, ai d by
defaults of collector?, dis ict at or leys, and maishils, caused
by intl 1 gence from thQm in c llec irig binds for dunes After
June, 1812 the importers ot goo's will m this respect s'and on
the same loundarion with the pinchasen  otpu )lic lands While
no complaint can then bo ma lei y either of lavoi or discrimina
tion, the íevenue will thj" be lendeted much safer in 1 public
and private morali'y lmpto^ed by the íeiroval of one aieit
souiceof speculation and banliupuy
'b The (flier restrnpt íe puiesth0 duty, aft"1-! s4> to be 1 n
posed on the value of tie u o en ina s a' Jie vort where the
same shall be en'ei ed ' This will lender the twenty per cent
still more impoitant to botn tne ma íufaccurc-^aid the revenue,
by being more secure anainst hauls and eva 10 is and being
another vir ual increase of duty 011 the sine a ticies, asthelat
ler are usually worth iiiuoh ¡101 e here than abroad Whefher
the value of them here b-rg not uniform at d fie rent poits,
would, if taten as the guide n astoessirgthediitj, bejus'ly open
to anyconstitutuna ojjocuoi, it is not deemed appropriate on
this occasion to d scu s r 011 these vauous considerations,
the following deduc ons ire made
' i nat the present tariff Uws should be as little disturbed by
any revision as pussio e, niM&ten with t! e 1 ul lo v.au s and
an adherence to siund puucip e hat clnn í s snou dbe 11 a !e
chiefly, if notsolel ,forpuipostsoi leveiue taa these changes,
when nislng the duty, wheii^i opoiatipir bef eor aftei luly 1
1812, should, as a general iu , b" confine I to ameles not paying
a duty as htgl as twenty pei cent that except m extreme cises
it should nevet 1 use the n aoove thai late, an 1, lastly, that the
existing provis ons fot the payme t of dudes in cash, rod the
ass Ssment of them on the vi ue of 1 íe ineichandi e at the
port of entiy, aftei 1342 aro too impoitant to be disreguded
By the act of 1832 —
Is'. Certain articles were taxed  above 20 per
cent.
21.
cent.
3d
4th
Certain articles were taxed below 20 per
Certain articles were m ule f ee
Tne dm es above and below  20 per cent
were laid almost en irely upen the prelected ar-
ticles
5 h TriJ articles made free were chiefly, airmst
wholly, of the unpro'ecled claw, or luxuries.
By the act of 1833—
1st. Tne dull''  above 20 pei rent, aie to be re-
duced by June, 1842, to 20 per cent
21 Certain specified article, entirely of the un-
protected class, .ire made iree.
31. The duties on no articles, except those pay-
ing less than 20 per cent «¡houid te mcrea ed pr or
to June, 1842, and those duties should be increased
to 20 per cent   only.
4ih The dut es on i ; art c! s lohatevr shall, afltr
June, 1842, b- i Used above 20 pn c a'
5h Atier June, 1842, t, e 'uties on all imports
on which the 1 t seen n opera'-^, on all ancles
then admitted free, and on ail piyng less than 20
per cent miy be laid as hi¿h ai, but no higher, than
20 per oent.
6th. After June, 1842, all cV c sh?i! b° laid for
the purpose of raising such revenu  as may be ne-
cessary to an economical administration ot tre Go-
vernment.
And this last is tin great and leading prmcip'e
gained by the anti-tariff party m the compromise
1st. A tariff for revenue only, 2d. Only so much
revenue as is necessary to an economical adminis-
tration oí the Government.
Such, sir, are ihe great leading features and prin-
ciples of the great compromise oí 1833.
By these features we can easily distinguish ths
dividing lines betwaen the North and the South m
1833 Here we c-m see that ne nlier party got nor
lost all. By the debates of that peuod >ou can
easily find the extreme pomts for which the respec-
tive parties contended.
The resolution of Mr. Hayne, who was trulv the
champion of the Soulb, and his aole commentary
uoon it, ^how you what the anil tariff par'y con-
tended for and agaws :
1st  Por a tariff for reunite
21. For the reduction oí revenue to the wants of
the Government.
3d. Against the constitutionality of a tar ff for
protection per $e, admitting, however, the power of
discrimimang duties for revenue, but contendirg
for an equalization of dutrs upon the protected and
unprotected ela*s of articles.
See volumf 8.h, part 1st, of Congressional de-
bates of 1831 and 18 Í2
' Monday January it — .he .senate tork up the following
rebolution submitted t v Mr ( lay on the 10th i is ant
"Resolved, That t' e existing duties upon articles imported
ftom foieignconutrie., and notcommg into competition with
similar ameles made or p*-oauced within the Limed totales,
ought fo b" forthwith abolished, except the dutus upon wines
andsillis,andthat tho e ought to be reduced, and that the Corn
mlftee on Finance be in tructed to lept rt a bill accordingly
' Mr Hayne moved the following modification of the ieso
lutloi
1 Strike out all aftei the word 'countnes,' and insert as fol
lows beso reduced that dieamouul f the puo le íevenue shall
be sufficient to defray the expenses of Government accord ngto
their piesent sea c aftet the payment of the pu mc debt, and
in i', allowing a reasonable time I ir the gr<. ual reduction ol the
present high duties on the artic es con ing into compe mon
with similar ar icies made 01 produced within the lined
Mates the dutiesshalt be ultimately equalized, so that the duty
on noaitirleslia 1, as compared with the \alue of lhat aitlole,
va y materially horn the General average '  '
Such were tne aval proposi" n«, and reference
to the speech of Mr. Clay, at the time, will show
ti.G policy which tne tariff party contended for.
January 11, 183 5, he «aid.
"Alt/iough it miy be impiacticable to s*y what the exact
amount of the pu slit revenue should be for the future and what
would be the precise rioduce o' any gt\en system f f imp isls
we may safely assume that the revet ue may now be reduced,
and consldeiably te lucn! lhis ledut loi may be etfecttd in
various way= and on uibcient prn civics Only three modes
shall now be noticed
'Ut lored cethe duties on all anieles n the same ratio,
with iut tegdrd fo the pune 11   t f piotectiun
<M To reta i th"1 i on unpiotected aitieles and augmen
them on the \ rotected anieles
' And, JI To abolís i i d reduce the duties on unp^o ected
articles retaining and enttrcmg he faithful col'tction of those
on the piotected aiticle^ '
The first two modes he opposed, and the thud he
sunportod as cqudab'e and r asonable; taking par-
ticular care not to notici or debate, howcpr, a
fourth mode—to abolish and r'duce the dutxes oa the
protected articles, and to retain, and if nece'sary, to
augment the duties on Hie unprotected articles, or
"luxuries," as they are no\v cal]ed—the modes for
which the Sou h comended
The compromise retained but reduced the duties
on the protec ed articles, and made, contrary to
the will of the Sjuth, most of the unpiotected ¿r-
ticlcs or luxuries free.
Tnen gentle nen of the tariff party resisted the
duties upon "luxan s" in. ordei to reta n those on
the pto ectod articles Now th«y wish to lax noth-
ing so much as "iuaurtci." Is it their object now
to lay a tax on luxuries in order to have a pretext
for increasing ihe duties on the nrcessants of life?
Sir, can any man read Ihe le'ter and spirit of the
eomprorm e act pid not see that this mast be the
object of those xsho unders and its letter and spirit?
Does not every eye s°e tnat theie is r> cerla,n 'ielatirr>
kept up throughout the positions assumed, the dc-
b«de?, and the acts of 1832 and 1833 the xiselves,
betwe n the pro ected antl tne uTiroteoted articles'
V«M1 it not b°, then, simply a question of ihe cng'e
ru'e of three wi h protection gent'emer—*htt, if
protected articl'S are taxed on y so much, while tuxu-
■ties, or Whptottaed articles, aie free, feow vmch shaV
ihe dnl'fs on.proleUed aiticl s be increased whe/i luxu-
¡us become taxta"> If we, of the minority, conseit to
disturb the tariff on luxuries, do you suppose we will
be allowed to s'op there? May not, will not gentle-
men insist upon carrying out the compromise act.and
preserving and continuing uiese relations established
by the act betvre^n protected and unprotected arti-
cle ? Sir, th? moment that gentlemen began to
talk even of duties on "Uxures," d,d we not see
the resolutwu proposed to be c ffered by the gentie-
mtn from Veimcnt, [Mr. LvEaETT,] and did we
not see the pm bill? if we cons-nt to disturb the
compromise, wheie sha 1 we stip—what security
have we tnat a majority will stop a' a1)? Give up,
yield to the first iiroad on this act, and }ou will
be stuck full of pins!
[HereMr. Wise was interrupted m his remarks
by Mr. Stanly.]
Mr Wise continued. Sir, some gentlemen un-
dertake to shear wolves I 'vil' i.ot. I will wait
until I fm obliged to contend wita a superior force
before Í fight. I «ill fight this tariff majority shy.
I Will retreat, sir, as our fathers did m the Revolu-
tion—barefooied first, before I unl grapple with a
majority tempted by every interest to put me to the
slaugh'er without quarters. That majority, con-
sisting of members ot all pait e\ is now ahve and
watching for us m the minority to touch "luzmies,"
and our only hope against pro ective duties is to
contend at once for the first great principle esta-
blished by ihe act itself—"not to disturb the compro-
«use wtthtuf an ac'ual ana unavoidable necessity"
We have this giant majo/Uy bound now only by
the shreds of faith, they are ueak cn„ugh, ue ail
know, and they shall not be unDound with my con-
sent. I fear the best of a pro ec'i >e tariff, and
am no Van Ambargh, to be t'ir i • ¡i into a cage of
lions and tigers' Oihei gemlunea may riik the
fangs and teeth of a wild mejor ty—I will not.
By the compromise wc chained somewhat of
approximation to equal zation of dutie  on pro-
lected and unpiotected articles. And whether the
act of last session—ihe fourteen sections of the
Senate—were in conformity either to the letter or
spirit of the compromise act, let the world decide.
Will the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] say these sections were m accordance with
the compromise act? No And yet ue were then
told the same t'ung—that nobody desired to disturb
the compromi e'
[Here Mi Stanlv rose and said "he had no ob-
jection to say that those sections were in accord-
ance with the compromise "]
Mr Wisf Then the f,entlema i's understand-
ing of tv e comproiiiis  is wholly different from
mine. Wh¿t is the comp omi c' lha no article
fi hei beft re or aiter the 3j'h of June, 1842, shall
be taxed more than 20 per cent Whit were the
prov sions of these sections? That f'k and worsted
goods, and blepehed and unbleachtd linens, should
be taxed from 5 to 25, and even as high, ¡n fome
instances, as 50 per Cent ' Doe* the gentleman
deny ¡his? I know the act wa  exceedingly com-
plex, u named no dut>; it employed, ingeniously
enough, a great deal of circumlocu od, but I have
expositions of its mode of operaiisr, fioin from the
most enlightened merchants and iron the Comp-
troller oí the Treasury Gentlemen and í—ill say,
they mean to carry out the compiomise, but, sir,
ue undeistand it dijferenily—there i tre rub' Gen-
tlemen and 1 do not mean the same thing. For
exarap'e, sir, that bill contained a direct wotcction
of Kentucky cAton bagging—a protection which
was aimed at m 18J2, and withdrawn by the act
of 1833, and yet it was inserted in these sec'ions
as perfectly consistent with the compromise I re-
fer gentlemen to the same speech of Mr   Clay, m
1832:
'The u ce«sof the \mencan n mui^cfuie of eo* > n bag
etng t as been s ich as th ' bv fun > ,m,' ab iter an 1 cheaper
erfie'e, the baggmgof h ve P ^ a d l)u f e has been almost
excluded ir< in tne e> sumptior offl « *- ^e3 bordering on the
Mississippi and n tr butanes 1 nere has not yet been surii
went time to fabricate and franspoit tneaiucle in necessary
quantlllts from tl e Western blates to the eoutheri Atlantic
Mates v.h'rh tkertfote havebeen almost f\rh sively supplied
flora tl e Scottish minufactories The ^i nen cf the duties
is evaded by the introduction ot the íereí i fan under the
name of burlaps < i teome o hei meiei it le ph '■e and, instead
of paying five cents th-sq i nvui His eiieut, wiihadutyot
only fifteen percent ad v . oifn That i s p acbee pretails,
is demon trated hy the Tie  uj re, <. rt r f 1 e unties on cotton
Ins™  foi the >ea>s 1 ?s 1* 9 and MD Dunns ihe Urst
yeaF, the an ourn. was 13/ 1^ do lars the secmd, IbbfibS dol
lais   and the thud     sunk down to H Hi dolíais'"
feo, sir, my trier! írc¡,i Sou h CarolfEa [Mr.
Thompson] can lvne _eeth.it it is no new idea to
exclude bleached and unbleached li,iens in order to
afford protection to the aancultuidl pioduets of
either cotton oi hemp, by increasing the consump-
tion of the fabrics of either. The same idea was
faithfully preyed by the protecttvs paity in 1832,
and it i  the same protóc'ttie idea itiil, whether ap-
pl ed to htrrp of Kentucly or cotton ot South Ca-
rolina.                           ,     ._    ,   ,       ,   ,
[Mr. Thompson ¡ephed. He baa %& a that he
had no doubt that the prohibitio ^ d foreign linen
would increase the con_,vrup.icn of cotton fabrics
which wou d be sabntuted, but that he would
neither vote for a prohibitory nor protective duty
upon linen ; first, he would not because he be-
lieved it unconstitutional, and he would not vot«
