Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2§9.
26th Cong--"2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Rill—Mr, Wise.
H. of Rep?.
c-.used by distribution'! The only difference is,
t at in neither case you have a deficiency, but in
the latter case you make a deficiency unnecessarily,
not for revenue, but for distribution. Are not the
additional duties in both cases equally protective
per se1? They are, because in neither case are the
duties laid for revenue. What power has Congress
to make a deficiency by giving away revenue? What
power has Congress to l-ty and collect du'iis to sup-
ply any such deficiency so made'? For what may
Congress lay and collect duties The Constitution
provides specifically: "to pay deb's arid provide fir
the common defence," and tor no ether purpose v. hat-
ever can revenue be raised; und when revenue is
once raised, it cannot constitutionally be applied lo
any other purposes whatever. These are she old
and the true Repúblicas doctrines of constitutional
construction.
How are these positions answered and me!? s;r,
it is not in order to allude here to what pauses in the
Senate, but the other day I went to a certain place
—no matter where—we will say, for supposition
sake, to ihe Loo-Choo i-lands, as a friend of mine,
now dead, used to say. There I found bird-i of
every feathe —.ea-gulls, crows, snd curlews, all
fbeke 1 together—I will not say vultures nor gese,
for I am merely using a figure for the sake of or-
der, and do not mean to call hard names. They
were not birds of prey, and, being in high debate,
I ft und them very Icnoaimt bird;—
" 'Twas certain"—
uLa ds ¡hty could measure, Irrwzüfíd tides pvroiire."
1 hs e I iieaiü one old bud, whose physiognomy is
t e viry ph z of ihe biid of wisdom, answer the
v Xi argument which I have just made. He said,
iü an wer to this argument—
Is'. Congress has power to lay and collect tases.
This is a substantive and independent power in
itself.
21, Congress has power "to dispose of and ma'/e
all needful rules and regulations respectn 5 the ter-
ritory or other properly of the United States." And
this is a substantive, absolute, and independent
power in itself.
3d. And these two powers being independent of
each other, Congress may, therefore, lay and collect
taxes without reference io the revenue fiom the
public land?.
Such was the argument so forcibly and rtróíigly
put, that it put me 10 pmtin? on my studying cap
firm answer. H-* told ihe other birds thai this
seqniiur must be so, "because, if, on the one hand,
it ba contended that Congress cannot lay duties
without first exhaustin? the land, se, on the other
hand.it may be and is cn'ended that you cannot
sell the land anf collect ti e proceeds without first
exhausting the customs." And he gave examples
very striking and pertiuent, concluding by saying
that "if he was not right, the result was, tiiat Con-
gress could resort to neither power because it had
both powers, which is an absurdity ''
Sir, this argument is really worth examining, for
it is the great and only strong one on which a tariff
for distribution can stand. Is this a fair sequitm?
Is it an answer to the argument that you cannot
empty the Treasury of any revenues already in it, in
order to make the want* of Government require
addi'ional duties? That is the question; and i an-
swer, no; because when revenue is once collected
and placed in the Treasury, no matter from what
source derived, one kind is not distinguishable from
another, and the putposes to which it is to be ap-
plied are specified in ihe Constitution, "to pay the
dsbts, and provide fcr Ihe common defence." It
cannot be given away. If it may be given away
because it is derived from land, why may it not be
given away too beciuse it is derived from ettitonx^
Because we are told that ihe revenue from lands is
collected under the a6soiwfeand unlimited power "to
dispose o/and make all needful rules and regula-
tions respecting tie territory or other property of the
United Siales." But I answer, this clause gives the
power to "dispose of" "the other property" too; and 's
not revenue jrom customs property? If th'R clause,
then, grants the power of giving away or distribu-
ting either kind, it grants also the power of giving
away or distributing both kinds of revenue. This
argwnenlum ad absurdum of ihe Loo-Choo islands
pt oves too much—it is itself reduced ad absurdum.
It is sophistical in this, that it makes the words
"dispose of" too omnipotent and absolute, and
confounds the power to dispose of lands with ihe
power to dispose of revenue. If it is good for any
thing, the only legitímale proposition it contains is,
that Congress is not impcia'ively bound to dispose
oí lands lo raise revenue, or that it may rai?e reve-
nue from cunorns alone, without selling the lands.
And if this is all gentlemen mean, Í grant their
position, and they may stop the sates e,J the public
hnds to make a necessity Jor addiiijnel duties when
they—dare!
If 'hey do sell and "d.spose of" the territory of
the United States for revenue, however, all I con-
tend for is, that they cannot constitutionally empty
it out of the Treasury again to nake a deficiency
for a tariff, or dispose of it for any puipose what-
ever, except "to pay the debts and provide for the
"common defence" of the nation.
Innced, sir, this new doctrine that the power to
"dispose of" "the territory or oth r property" of the
United Slates is absolute and unlimited, ¡s the most
Pedeial and latitudinous that was ever heard of,
even from this "gcd-like" bird of the Loo-Choo
isli-nds! Theie is no such thing as an absolute and
unlimited power in this General cr F*d<Tal Govern-
ment. There is no pjwer wi'hout i s well denned
limitíj and every power is limited by its very ob-
jects and purposes Trie grant to ¡ay and collect
taxes is limited by the object-' and purposes of pay-
ing debts and provitliog for the common defence;
and ¡he power to "dispose of ihe territory" is li-
mited by ihe objects of treating concerning i', of
surveying it, of sec'i'jnifíg it, of selling i.', and of di-
viding it into political corpoiations of Territories
and Sí íes, and such like objects. In irs parfcnlar
sense, ¡t is a power especially limned to the object
of convet/lvs? it away 10 a patentee for a valuable
C'.nsice.dion, in addition to ihe power of making
need fill ru'es and regulations rep -cUng i', whilsi it
remains the propeity of ihe Union.
Gentlemen need net recur to the deeds of ces-
sion from Virginia and die other States lo prove,
at this late day, after all that huí been assumed by
the General Government over the public lsnd?,
that ihev were ceded lo the Slates, and not to the
United States. The truih is, toa!, m in: deed cf
cession Mom Virginia, various modes oí expression
are used; such as, "for the cmimon benefit of the
Union"—"that all the 'ands within t.ie territory so
ceded to the United Síkí'í," &c. on the ene hand,
and "shall be considered a common fund f-T ¡he
use and benefit of such of the United S ates, &c.
according to their usual respective proportions in the
general charge and expenditure," <fcc. on Ihe other
hand—ihe one c'ass of expressions rather signify-
ing a federal gift, and the other class signifying a
State rights gift, if I may so term it; the one a gift
er cession lo the .Union for the eommrm benefit of
all the S ales, the other a gift or cession to each
Slate separately, to take its respective proportion
through the United States as an agent. Contem-
poraneous exposition has long; ago settled this point
by the invariable admini-tratinn of the public do-
mam as the propel ty of the United Stain, (rom the
dates of these feeds down to ihe dty if th'S mo-
dern refinement upon them.
The public lands became, by these cessions, the
common property oí the United Sate*, 'o be sovern-
el, like the "territory and other property" of the
United States *re governed, by the Constitution of
the United S:atcs. And, sir, it is no tittle amusing
to hear gentlemen whe are constantly in the habit
of reasoning horn such para.-es a- •' We the peiple of
the United States"—to show that ihe Constitution is
not a compact between Stales, but a consolidation
of States—to hear the* .-ame gentlemen, from like
phrases in the:?e old deeds, reasoning to prove that
the public lands ate ceded lo the States, and not to
the Union for the common benefit of tile States!
In this instance, where they sie for Stale rights, 1
am for Federal enstrreuen. And, sir, the worst
of it i-, as 1 will show dnecly, their State Rights
construction of these de eds precsel v conform- to their
consolidating eons'iuetiou of die Federal Const.tu-
lion; whilst my fed' ral construction ot these d 'eds
exact1)' conforms w-rh wy State Rights construc-
tion ot the Constitution. But, before 1 proceed to
show this, let n.e ask gentlemen what they will do
with the Spanish and French cessions  cf Florida
and Louisiana, embracing now the Stales of Ar-
kansas and Missouri and Ihe Territory of Iowa?
There is no doubt but that these lands, acquired,
since the Constitution was framed, by the treaty-
making power oí the nation, paid for. out of the
Federal Treasury, are the property of the United
States. Will gentlemen keep separate bags in the
Treasury—«eparate accounts of expenditure and
of proceeds—so much from customs, which cannot
be distributed—so much from Spanish and French
lands, winch cannot be distributed—so much from
Virginia lands—so much from Georgia lands, &c.
which may be distributed? No, sir, no. They
will heed none of these nice and troublesome dis-
tinctions. They will distribute the proceeds of all
the public lands, without discriminating between
the power under this deed or that deed; and, not-
withstanding the sales of the public lands up to
3833, I think, amounted to only 97,000,000, whilst
they had cost the Government, in clearing Indian
titles and in surveying and selling ihem, upwards
of 102 000,000, besides Indian wars, which had
amounted to 37,000,000 more—notwithstanding
there were in fact no proceeds of public lands, but
a dead less on them of 42,000,000, which was paid
by customs, of course—though this balance against
them may never be paid by the lands, gentlemen
will distribute their proceeds. And though these
proceeds are all in fact due to supply custom?,
which have been taken to supply Und deficiencies
already to this amount of 42,000,000—gentlemen
will, if ih?y cannot distribute, deposite customs them-
selves, as they did hi 1836! They will, as they
have, deposite—'to that bourn whence no traveller
returns." GcUiemen smile at the very thought of
ever calling for the return of any part of the
23,000 000 deposited, with the S'ates in 1836 !
And nuw, sir let me show you that I am consist-
ent with my States-lights constiuciion of the Con-
stitution, and thai gemlemen are perfectly consist-
ent also with their consolidating construciion. Let
me see, loo, whether I am not in all this argument
consistent wih my oft-repeated Whig professions.
What do we Whigs, profess to be one of the main
objects, if not the very ch.ef object, of getting in-
to powei? To curtail and abridge Executive pow-
er, and 10 diminish the patronage of the Federal
Government. Wdlihi ditiiibution of the revenue
f.om th° public lends not add to the patronage of the
Exicuiive and of the Federal Government'!
S¡r, the patronaae of the Federal Government,
whatever it may be, wherever it be found, is the
patronage if the Federal Executive. In point of
paronage, ihe Executive is "the Government."
General Jackson proved it to be s.j, and therefore
Collc-d himself "the Government." Congress may
usurp or acjuire powers, but the Executive ab-
soibs them all. In discussing the patroiuge of
the Federal Government, therefore, I am at
once discus-nng the power of one man—-the pa-
tronage of a President. Let that ever be borne in
mind.
Have gentlemen ever surveyed the height and
the depth, the length anil the breadta of the power
of Ihe public domain? Since the days of 1798
and 1801, when they were strong enough to over-
throw the eider Adams, to elect Jefferson and
Madison, and keep them in poever through wars
foicign and domestic, ihe docmnes of strict con-
struction and of State rights have been gradnally
declining, until at this time they have failea into a
by-word, and become the j=st of the scoffer. Why?
What is this owing lo? Every gentleman no doubt
has his th-my, but my reason is one peculiar to
myself, has never yet been assigned. Sir, I attri-
bute this lamentable declension of State power and
influence to the. land ordinance p/ 1787. Its effects
are liemi ivirabie.
Sir, that oidrnance, with a rapidity unexampled
ii ! i.-t-.ry, has built up roads and bridges, and
t iFii- and tertitories, and cities and S:aies, and is
last building up an Empire. It is an ins'itution the
-ike of which is aot to be found in the annals of
other nat'ons, ancient or modern. It is an institu-
tion next only to the Constitution of ihe United
Sta'e-, in i's singular history and tremendous ef-
fects. Subordinate to the Constitution only, it is
an imperium in imperio. No o-her nation under the
sun ever before sold its public domain, and there is
