Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aojl
26th Cokg-...2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Wise.
H. of Reps.
but who invented thai?" "The Germans." "Great
and mighty people they must be! bu' what has
Rome been doing all fnis time? Where are her
pillars wiih 'Roma E'erna' upon them? Where are
her temples and h«>r household gcd^? her legions,
her Senate, her forum, all her ancient grandeur
and glory?" Just at thai moment one oí the lazarom
of Italy entered, yawning aid g^p.ng from sleep,
and dirty and ragged and debased, from idleness
and poverty. '-There now," said the traveller, "is
all that is left of Rome." The ghost vanished1
So, sir, if this domain patronage continues, our
ghosts may rise up lut a short lime hence in the
history of natiois, to witness nothing but the di-
lapidation, and decay, and ruin, and lazarom of a
fallen, a gone empi-e! Rome rose toa grandeur
which we may not attair; but Rome, in all her
glory, with all her province; and conquests, n ver
parcelled out to hei legions lands such as we be-
stow on our citizens and our S ate . No Consul of
Rome, no Emperor evtr wiel led a patronage of
domain like that wielded by the President of t'ns
American Republic; a patronage already over the
people, their money, their Legislatures, their laws,
iheir institutions, their 8tat< s, which i« fcaifully
and fast tending to empire—:o empue which, like
all empires, must decay and fall. We have now a
Government of imferial patronage—it must be cor-
rupt—its patronage mnst be brought down !
Sir, your laud ordinance has done wonderful
things for this nation; but, if u cannot be changed
for the belter in respect to Executive p^tioni.ge,
that patronage must not be magnified and increased,
it is too great already. As no figuie of speech—
as no hyperbole—I say that I would vo'e to give
al the public lands at once to the Stales ra'her
than fee their influence constancy tending to em-
pire increased. I am far from poing for another
system proposed, [Mr. Calhoun's,] but at the pro-
per time, when the whole subject caa be taken up,
and remodelled and amended, I wi 1 do nothing,
vote for nothing, on the subject, by piecem --al. i
will propose an amendment, which 1 cannot go
into now, but which will be a better bargain for
the new States and for ihe old than has ever been
yet offered m the market. 0¡d Virginia—which
blessed mother of them all fh-; new Slates never
fail to det.de and abase on thi- fl or, hke good old
parents are ever sure to D-1 abused by ung a'eful
children who have had advances made them be-
fore burial and testamen'— 011 Vn:uan>a I say, or
at least one of her dtstne's, wb ci I can speak ¡or,
will advance h-r children at oace sooner thin see
them hawking themselves about in the market as
they do, and sooner than see the ¡and she so gene-
rously ceded ' to the common benefit of the Union"
remain any longer jus! so much capital only for po-
liticians to trade on anl their paHiians tomaste!—
sooner than see these lands -merit the Sta'es of this
Onion into a grand, imperial consolidation!
And sir, if such be the tendencies of the present
system' as'it i>, what will ihey be, or rather, what
will they not be, if distribution be added' Hereto-
fore sir the new States, only, have been bound by
this'alarming power; heretofore, the old States have
been the only check upon its progress towards an
imperúl despotism, and old have multiplied as fast
as new one*. The policy which Omo and Ten-
nessee would have contended for twenty years sgo,
has become a counter policy to theirs now. As
soon as the new States have got well clear of their
land offices and wellfi'led with popula'ion, they
then have become old States m their land policy.
In all this we have heietolore had some checlf,
some security, though not enoush, I know, aiainst
this domain patronpge. But, Sir, what if distribu-
tion be now added to the system, and this powerful
patronage be extended to the oil States as well as
the newl This is all that is lacking to make it<=
power absolute and irresistible. This will con-
summate the evil. There will then be no check,
no security! Catching the States enslaved by
State debts, the "borrower is the slave of the
lender;" cutehing them subdued by taxation, with
"deficiencies" which they cannot supply by duties
on imports. Having ths power to supply ihe "d>-
ñaencu" of the Federal Government by a high tariff
here the friends of consolidation tempt their weak-
ness with this ban, this fatal lute; aud, ch Gfod '  the
old mother, Old Virginia herself—no, not Virginia
herself, but Virginia in the feebleness of dotege—
may, perhaps, be seen With toothless gums to eke
ou^ber flabby lips to take some of this land pap
from he Federal poon! May God in his m.rcy
spare me (hat sight! She is, though old and strip-
ped of her ancient vigor, out of debt and proud as
ever, thourh poor. She will net, I trust, sell her
old Republican faith for a mite only of an immen-
sity which she once gave away!
Sir, in the combined operation of the ftfiacipks
of an iiicrer-sed proiec ive tariff aud of distribu-
tion, the manufacturing Slates will have a double
profit, ard the agricultural States will bear trie
whole loss.
Tim first will get their full share of distribution,
and the whole profit of protection. The second
will pay the full tax of their consumption under
the tanff, wh.ch will more man exceed their full
sha>e under the distribution. To the former there
will be a doable pain, and to the latter ih^re iaucl
be a certain loss; and ibis, too, to a great extent,
whether duties are laid up<n the protected articles
or upon luxuries or unprotected articles involving
counteivailirg or reerKiinating duties; because all
countervailing legislations, retabatory by o.her na-
tions upon our commerce, mus' fa.ll almost whclly
upon e:ip rts which are the products of agricultural
Sti-te". I shall, therefore, oppose an increase of
the t-riff at this lime, and a distribution of the re-
venud lío n public lands at all tima.
GenMemen ask, then, Waat wi'l I dot Sir, I rill
postpone ihe tariff question as long as 1 can, and
leave ue present laws to o^en-ie a' tVy will, with-
out additional hgis abon, unt.l I know there is a
■permanent deficiency 11 the i'reisury. My opm.on
is, Ihit, when tralo and c.-irinie.fc and currency are
r stored, and coifiJence revives, there vill be im-
portations to ¡he amount cf one hundred and fifty
or two hundred mi'lions per annum, and that, upin
such amount of importations, the revenue from the
prevent scale of duties will be sufficient, and not
VejicictiÉ-" The chief of the duties now are above
20 per cent; and the most of them, after June 30
¡842, will be 20 per cent, ad valorem. That is
high pud p'otec'i/e enough, \-'hen to the ad valo-
rem we adl *l least 15 p_-r ce.it. for thi home va
luan-n, die Govtiamem'  -v.n apprMaem-nt, ihe
cash duty, ;'nd for the late or exchange—m?kin¿
the dun0-, chit fly, a>ttr Jane, 1842, at least 35 per
cent, for protection. Y/h n the proper tune comes
to liicea^e oi lay on additional cm ¡e~, for a proper
fibjecv or paipuse—.f ever 'bat iir.ie <\( r c ¡car—Í
will vote, of tours-, to tax luxuries and unprotected
article We will, however, see whether the manu-
tacurrag interests v.ill do that. i will not, though,
in any ca^e, vo,e fot an iac.ezse of the tariff on anj
urticles to dMribitic a infidelity.
Bat what will I do to supply the wants of the
Government, and to keep it insucecsslul operation?
I will, m the lirst place, and ¡or this time, vo'e for
this bill to issue Tiepsury no'e<!. To provide for
the future, I woul 1 recommend "entlemen—
Is'. To husband all resources. Cease trie destruc-
tive war wh.ch his betn "'.ged S'nce 1833 upon
trade. Enc urage and be peaceiul with tne eieJit
and cv.smercc on which jour customs depend.
21. As long as there is a "Jrficieuoy," a: all
events, in the Tie-isury, guard and v.atchjour
public l.nd$. Neither give ¡hem away nor lee them
be stolen fromjou—miad, 1 do not mem by ¡he
squatters; I have a friendly legaid for thfn, ana
would encourage them to improve and enhance the
v.-l' e of our wi'd lanis by any ieas«nahle com-
pji saiion; I mean ihe real, high handed Uod rob-
bers—the pol.Ucal and pecuniary l-.nd speculators—
who will rob s ou, lire pirales, of \m<i and iucrty
both, it tney s.re not close y twitched.
3d. Ii trie Utuufge of ihe present Secretin/ of
f>e Treasury, "puih a vigoráis lednclion "' He is
hypocritical, I will admit you, and has never ob-
served the recommendation himself. Bat a h}po
ente always uses the language of a saint, and
a ramt may therefore take up his words and be sin
cere. I then repeat the words—push a.vigorous
reduction. It is a mode of supply. Ths gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Evan*,] the other day, said
he could not comprehend how this could be consi-
dered a mode of supply.   Franklin informed me,
sir, when a boy, that a penny saved is a penny
gained. I was astonished to hear from a Whig, so
soon after the election, ihat there can be no reduc-
tion. Economy will supply the deficiency in the
Tiea'.ury.   I would commence economy—
1st. By reducing Exccuiive patronage. That is
one of the first Whig maxims with me. Execu-
tive patronage is one of the most costly appendages
of thi;- Government. It aspires to a splendid ad-
ministration, and reduces the Government to the
condition in which it is now, a state of "shabby
splendor." As an instance to show how costly this
pitionage is,no better example could ba given
than this pohev of distribution. Gentlemen con-
tend that the public lands belong to the States, and
no', to the United States. How much cheaper it
would be, then, and how much would it save to
the S'ates, if, instead of taxing the people of the
State', through the tariff, to pay the salaries of sur-
veys, and registers, and receivers,and agents to
watch ah these officers, and to pay all the losses by
dc'alcation and otherwise, and to meet all the ex-
penses of acquiring and selling the public lands,
you would jsrt give up to the States at once their
property, which you say belongs to them, and not
to the Un.on. The loaf, I should think, would be
qui'e as large if you would not cut s) many slices
from it before >ou deliver them thur own. Bat,
to give a way the lands themselves to the States, in-
stead of giving them the revenue from lands after
deducting expenses, would be monstrous, mon-
strous with some gentlemen, becaute there is no
Executive patronage in that system! As for my-
selt, I like neither the one system nor the other. I
am coi,t nt, for the present, with ths system now
in operat.on, and pray onlv that Executive patron-
age may n. t be nicrrastd by adding distribution to
the other cvi's and curses ot a system which h al-
ready bad enoagn. If 1 am pr< scribed by my
par'y for ih.s doctrine, I shall De proscribed for a
Whig doctrine, and shall still be a Whig. Bat,
Executive patronage may be diminished in other
respects. Retí enchment should be unfeignedly
practised in great matters and in small. It was
once promised, and the promise was broken—
sham?fuliy and extravagantly broken. Let us not
be fal e to ourselves and lo our country, and we
will save much by retienclirnent. I would cut
down appr. pr.a iuis to internal impiovements. Not
p.iot'ic-r haihn- sho'ilJ te bu''t u'itd, at all events
th re was a sorpius in the Tieasury to be wasted.
I wou'd siop and arrest at once the woful extrava-
gance of that disíMce^ol Flotida war; an extrava-
gance * of al, i ¡deed, to humamt), when¡ as I be-
lieve en mv soul, one-halt ihe money spent has
been ¡j icketed in p'irt by plunderers upon theTrea-
6'iiy, and m pait spent by them ia keeping up the
war, ,n order that ihey may plunder sttít more.
Ah t*ie contracts of Government require strict scruti-
ny, retrenchment, and reform. Especially JrultMt
ti alies, and Indian cmlracis, and Indian agencks,
should be wa>ched and redu'ed. I would abolish
siiucjrcs of every description, and there are a
thousand and one of tnem in this G-'vernment. I
v. ould abolish useless poris rf entry toi the custom',
an use,ess co'lcc'ors '.vho co n&t receive the amounts
ot ihe'r satanes. I do not know how it is, but the
exp:;ise of collecting the revenue has increased, in
ihe las. ten yens, more than 50 per cent. This
expense ought to be reduced back agsin to its old
sundard of four per cent. Salaries ought to be re-
duced. O.ie thing, which hrs lei.ded with conside-
rable effect to oveisnadow th¿ State sovereignties,
and to rr ake them comparatively in<igmn"cant and
uaitñ.uentií.1, has been the extravagant salaries
wi-uhthis Government has pud toils officers in
. o. -ipil -, n with, me salaries of State officers. The
P f 'is are not s-bie ¡o vie with the extravagance of
the Federal Government, and ¡he Federal salaries
she ul I therefore be scaled down to ¡he State stand-
ards, if we mean to pieserve the'just balance of
Stat  and Federal power, as well as to economize.
S r, there is economy and .•>. large supply of
nú aus in reform, as well as m retrenchment. I do
not mean mat hypocritical canting reform, which
-aspires only to turn out one man and to put m
another. But I do mean that effectual reform which
will make the coming a business and not an elec-
tioneering Adrmnistrati on.   If Government officers
