ÍDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb-1841.__________________
26th Cove-■••2nd Sess.
will come new measures, and doubtless borne other I
expedient will be resorted to. In the mean t.me, I
let us act on the scriptural maxim, that "sufficient '
unto the day is the evil tnereoi." But my puticipal
object in supporting th.s bih is to avoid, if possi-
ble, the evils and dangers oí an extra session of
Congress; and I hope the amount authorized to be '
issued will not only be large enough for the wants
of the expuing Administration, but also ior that
about to assu me the powers of Government. Por
my part, I am utterly opposed to this, called session.
I am desirous that the President elect should have
ample time to examine into the condition of the
Government, f.nd calmly to consider what mea-
sures are best calculated to relieve the coun'ry- I
want him by all means to avoid hasty action on
the vital questions that must be considered; to view
them without íeferenee to mere political ccn-stdtra
tions and unbiassed by party influences. It would
be extremely injudicious arid unwise, in the piesent
s'ate of public feeling, to think of adopting this
measure. To suppose that subjects of such im-
portance as would come up at an extra session of
Congress, smnounded as they wul be by all the
elements of political strife, could be considered
with reference to the true interests ef the nation, is,
I thifik, grea ly to mistake the state of parties and
the schemes ot political aspirants. General Harri-
son, whatever may be tne position of some of his
prominent supporters, is now unpledged and un-
committed. Premature action may place him in a
position fatal tothejust expectations of his coun-
trymen, and fatal to the renown of his Administra-
tion. The voice of a free people has elevated
him beyond all patties. No man, since the days of
General Washington, has had iuch an opportunity
to advance the great interests of the country, and
win for himself the deep and lasting gratitude oí a
great nation. His measures will, I trust, be wise
and useful, and his Cabi. et se'ectcd with an eye
single to our wants and interests, having no re-
ference to the succession. For the present, at
least, I wish him to be guided by the "let a'one"
principle. That the body politic is sick, cannot be
denied. It has suffered lor years from empirical
treatment—at one time for undue stimulation, then
again fiorn exces~tve depletion Ho system has
been long adhered to, and no indication properly
lollowed out. Q,naekery h^s been the order ot tne
day, pnd from its effects the patient has been gia-
dually sinking. But protracted as has proved the
malady, and inefficacious the remedial means em-
ployed, a close examination di closes no organic
di-ease. There are, it is true, disiurbanc s m the
circulation, with undue determinations, but now
that the acrid secretions aie removed, the favor
will go off, leaving behind no ineurab'e effects.
Rest and the vis mediatrix naiurie will soon bring
about a state ot sound h.aith and vigorous action.
Sir, I protest against this incessant tinkering—this
never-ciasing doctoring—and, a-; many an unforiu-
nate patient has been phjsicked to death just be-
cause the physician, in order to s.'tsfy the anx ety
ot his friends, felt called onto pitscnbe something,
without exae'ly knowing him elf how his medicine
would act, so is the business ot the countiy m hke
danger from too m?ny legislative prescriptions.
Confidence, Mr. Cnairm&n, in your attendant goes
far to effect a cure; and, as in medicine, so it is
j'ust now with tne body politic Ttie physician
seiee'ed by the people to minister to ths diseases of
the State is one in whose skill and integrity they
place all confidence. As one who played an hum-
bl« yet active part m this sekc ion, I am for
giving him full time to cs.am.ine, to reflec1, to de-
cide, and, when he acts, ict i be with a full
knowledge of our condition, and \.ith a clea> per-
ception of oar wants. Let the country alone,
therefore, for awfliie, anl it will restore itself; m
its present feverish state, it wou'd ba extremely
imprudent to add addi'ional excitement; the propel
way for its recovery to a healthy tone is to avoi i
all stimulation I am unwilling to subject the busi-
ness and currency cf ihe nation to the injurious
iifluenceof another year of political agnation; I
am unwilling to pass through another summer of
turmoil, which will as surely come as you convene
Congress in May or June, to d'scuss the question
of a bat*  of distribution, and of a tariff   It vail
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Mallory.
be a President making sess on, for with it will open
the campaign for the success on. Tms question, I
believe, the people do not desire to agitate soon,
v. h-Uever may be the wioh-s of aaibi'ioas po'm-
ciaii" Tie elements of prosperity are still to be
lound in the country, and. if allowed time, will
soon settle down into order. We want rest, and, if
we expect to do well, we must have it.
How can th3 advocates of a called session ex-
pect lhat General Harrison, immedia ely on coming
into po ver, sioul 1, without proper time tor uli->c
tion, precipitate hims lt into great measure-? No:
the proper plan will be to allow him time to look
around him, audio examine imo the Hue state of
affairs betoie he acts. Above all, Mr Chairman,!
am against that policy calculated to place General
Harrison in a condition whire he will be compelled
to commit hirnsslf to the schemes of any nun.
I st averse to making any ind'viloal our next
Piesideni, by bolstering up his hobtves with the
great popularity of General Harrison. 1 have
voted for him to be Pres dent, and for n/oody else.
I deny that any one on this floor, or in the other
wing oí ih^ Capitol, is au horized to indícale what
are to be the measures of the incoming Administra
tton For one, I will denounce the attempts of
any cbqie to mark out tne course of the Piesident
elect befutc he rea"he-s the s*at of Government or
has been clothed wit'; authority. And, Mr Cnair-
man notwithstanding the mamfei'ations from the
tegency quarter of th s Hall, 1 pro est, in advanc ,
against their opinions being considered as the
onhodox punciples of the Whig party, l fiad
fault with no member of our party ¡or exp'esqng
himself in reg'rd to a b'nk, a tariff, todis nbution,
ormternjl improvements. I sm willing to hear
all tint penileman may ha/e to s^y, and expect
to be heard m return, ui hout being p o^cnbLd for
so dorr g But I do object to one set of men undei-
taking toniKaufaCtuie pohuc-1 opi ions for oilier--;
and «.¡I resist, cost wbat it may, what I re-
gard „s an effort to prejudge these questions in the
public mind, "¡8 as to force us up to th"ir stan lard
of Wiiig principles, oi, failing in ihat, to make
us objete, of suspicion to our friend,, and to ex-
communieate us from the t'ue church.
G.n leman msi-i that aciiii'd session at an eaily
day is neee'sar/ to j^ov de means to supply the
ordinary purposes 11 Go  emm nt Sir, I hold tie
opposi e opinion, and ocl'eve, ll tne anae daa<_at ot
my eolios ue prevaos—wh ch propine-, to give to
General Hamson the power to 1^U3 five millions
of Tieasary no o after the fourth oí Tvíaioi n>>xt—
that there v.ill be money enough tor an economical
Administration of om affairs. We have, over and
over again, chirked the Van Burcn party wittiex-
travaganc , a"d ptoim e! to teform abu<<.s and re-
trench expenditures if tec people wou d elrct Gen.
Harrison. But certam gentlemen here, \. ho had
sung this tune for years, had rot a word to say
aoout retrenchment and reform. Th" cy now is,
money! money! give us money. Yes, we must
have money to c-tny on a sphncid Govcinment
and to get tms money they must rdise Ihe laxes of
the p'-op'e. if, M<- Cnairman, the indications,
putforfi by ihe mtmbsrs over tne .■id", who h«ve
spoken on 'his subject, are to be received as the
principles of me í-icomiug Admin stration, not
«i hsti'iiding all our past cry of reiienchmenUind
reform, it is e\ ident ue shall gam no ¡ung on this
score by a charge of rulers If tms be so, all ti,it
we have accomplished by the turn of ihe political
wheel 1--, to put out one set of charlatans, <u,d put
in another. I mean, sir, so lo'ig as I remain h"ie,
to praevse on Ihe pr cents I incalcaied b fire tie
people—to carry oul, when in po>ircr, ti e piorm-
scsmaie to the p oplc t\h°n candidates for office.
Nor do I leoognv-e any here as i-ivntn/^d to «peak
ior the Presidentelect. H  came mopo.ve" on
the p'edg; thaf ne wouul carry out return and re-
trenchment, and I believe he wiU fulfil his piom>-
ses to 'belet'er.
it is the duty of t'.ie Administration about re-
tiring to make ample nrovision unal the next ses-
sion ot Congiess. They owe it to themselves and
to the country; justice and policy both demand i*
at their hands. But 4,uppoje they do not; what
then1? On the Van Burea party, and not on the
friends of Geneial Harnsor, mil test the respons.-
803   *
H. of Reps.
bility. And surely, sir, the instruments he will
select to carry on Ihe Government will have tact
¡ind sense enough to present this in its true light
before the people. I have no fears for the coming
Administration of General Harrison. Í believe
ihat distinguished man will draw around htm per-
sons of talent, who will aid him in ascertaining
the true state of the country; and men who will be
able to make a correct exposition of its affairs.
Tnat he will encounler difficulties, is very certain;
othei wise, we have deceived the psople as to toe
condition of the country and the Government.
But I hope he will meet them like a man; and, if
he proves faithful to his trust, the people will sus-
tain him m any emergency that may arise.
During the canvass, we were in the habit of as-
suni ■>*, as a correct standard for the expensex of
the Federal Government, the amount of appropria-
tion"; yer annum under the administration ot the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr Adams,] and,
allowing something for the increase of population,
the F.onda war, &e. to compare the expenditures
of Mr. Van Buren wnh those of Ihe former. What
I preachel th^n, I am willing to practise now; and,
for one, I hold my political associates to a strict
and rigid accountability. Instead of resorting to a
loin, as proposed by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr Barnard,] and as approved by the
gemleman from Nonh Carolina, [Mr. Rayner,]
instead of taxing our constituents by increasing
the tariff, I maintain it is our duly to try first re-
trenchment and reform. A loan will entail on us
a permanent national debt, to which, except on
extr?ordinary occasions, such as war, I am entire-
ly opposed. It is With Government as with indi-
viduals. Money loaned for ten or twenty years
creates no u-i as'ness m the mind of the borrower.
Ue mantoins Ins habits of exiravaganee, and
makes no arrangement  to liquidate the deb', be<
cvuse the d iy of payment is a long way off. But
let liim, instead of a deed in tru't, give his bond
payable in a few months, and at once he will make
an effort to maet the obhgaiion. So is it with Go-
veinm'nt. Lend us money for ten years, and in
vain may you look for retrenchment. But force
us to redeem our notes every twelve months, and
we d-tre no; incur th ■ rt-sp mobility of ext-avagant
apprepr ¿tions. f?i>, I re pi-ct the patriOt'c profes-
sions of po'iticians to a pt^pT ex eni, but my ex-
peiiene  h re sa>is5"s m  that if you want an eco-
nom-cal and pure Government, you must keep it
poor1 Take not a single dolifr from the pockets
of >ne people 'hit is not absolafJy necessary to
tbeir secunty ai d defence.
Tne honorable member fnm North Carolina,
[Mr Rayner,] in arguing in favor ©f borrowing
tnr njv, assigned a  a reas m "that a loan would ex-
pose to the country the slate of our finances."
But surely we can do this without incurring a per
manen' national dtbt; for if you borrow money it
must be tor yeais, not months; nobody will lend it
to you for a short period. A competent and hc-
nest áeuetary of the Treasuiy can very soon find
su' me stdte of our money affa'rs. Tne remarks
oí Messrs Barnapd, Bell, anl Evans, had con-
vinced him that tne oeficit in the Treasury is great-
er ihm the revenue will fill up, "and that their cal-
cul <imns as to the est mates put this question in so
clear a point of view as to remove all doubt."
Now, .ir, they did ?gree as to Uieie bemga defi-
ciem y, 1 ut what was the amount of that deficien-
cy was ahoget'ier another affau. Tney all arrived
a'different rt-ulfí. For instance, one says it is
alout sevpn million , while another had set it down
at forty million —i mere trifle of thirty-three mil-
lion of dollars d fference between two gentlemen;
anl yetveare to ie=ort to a "loan to expose to
tne con.fy the true state of our finances"
Sir, wou' 1 you bonow seven millions or forly? It
is is o iv ous to my mind that none of them can
HI the leal deficency in the Treasury; and if their
da a and estimates are so satisfactory to the gentle-
man from North Carolina, I must confess they
weigh little with me.
Bjt suppose th s money is borrowed, how do you
propose to pay the deb ' Oh! say gentlemen, let
us tax luxuries; and a mighty dust is kicked op here
to blind the eyes ot the people to an approaching
tsnff and an exit avagan t Government,   Tin's gry
