S06
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong.- ••íínb Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Rayner.
H. oí Reps.
revenue on wines, silks, linens, spices, and other articles, be
ing luxuries, imported into the United States, but m such
manner as not to conflict with the principles, policy, and spi
ntofthaact of March, 1833, commonly called "the Compro
mise Act"—
Mr   RAYNER, of North  Carolina, spoke as
follows:
He said he should vote against the issue of
Treasury notes now, as he did at the last session;
but that he was willing to vote for a loan, and for
additional duties on articles of luxury, a* contem-
plated by the resolution of the gentleman from
New Yoik. Selling aside the disputed question as
to the constitutional poser of Congress to issue
Treasury note , about which («aid Mr. R ) I shall
venture no opinion now, yet I oppose the measure
on grounds of inexpediency. I te leve that a crisis
has arrived m our financial affairs which requires
a remodelling oí the system which must soon be
met, and that this issue of Treasury notes is calcu-
lated to put off to a future day that which requires
immediate attention. I look upon it as deceptive
in its character, and calculated to conceal from the
knowledge of the country the embarrassed and
ruinous condition of the National Treasury. It is
also calculated to screen trom a just responsibility
the condemned authors of that system of misrule
which has bankrupted the Treasury, and well nigh
dishonored the nation. For whilst it, in fact, en-
tails upon the Government a debt—a national
debt, in every sense of the word—jet so mach
magic is there in a name, that those who have
forbears been retorting to this system have as
uniformly denied that they have imposed upi n
the country s. national debt; but insisted that ihey
■wtra only using temporarily the credit of the Go-
vernment
Now, sir, it is right that there should no longer be
practised any deception on this subject. It is right
that the true situation of the .treasury s'iould be
made known to the country. It is right that the
authors of the financial embarrassments under
which we are now suffering should be held to a
strict accountability. Let them, in the few days of
power which they have leit, contess that the Trea-
sury is empty, that the country is in debt, that funds
are necessary to save the honor and credit of ihe
nation, and bring in a bill authorizing a loan; I
will vote for it, although it shall be wrh a potes-
tando against the wasteinl extiavagance which has i
rendered it neussary S'r, if the Government is
¡n debt, without the means of paying, the people
should know it, they should also know ihe amount
of that debt, under whose management it has been
incurred, and the manner and term* on which it is
to be paid.
The issue of Treasury notes, as I have before
said, is only putting off the day of se'tlement,
and throwing it on those who, while they have
foretold and protested against the pre&ent evils,
will yet be charg< d, when the day of reckoning
tome1., wi'U having incurred the debí, for the
payment oí which they are now making provi-
sion
If Treasuiy notes be constitutional—about
which, as I said Hore, 1 deem it unnecessary to
express an opinion—yet I do not consider th s to
be an occa ion when it is proper to resort to Ihem
It may be, that in cases ot emergency which can-
not be foreseen or provided for—as war, or a sud-
den revulsion m. the trade and revenue of the coun-
try—the issue of Treasury notes might not only be
expedient, but absolutely necessary; when the inte-
rest the honor, and ihe plighted faith of the country
were in danger of being compromised. Sudden
and unex¡ected difficulties not only require, but
lusaiy externe and unusual remedies. But such is
not tht ca e at the present time. The horrors of
war h./e not ^jddenly burst upon u«, and the dif-
ficulties which beset the trade and commerce of the
country, so iar fioii being sudden and unexpected,
have been gradual m their approach, long seen, and
long felt. Tien, not being suddenly called upon to
provide «-gainst 'ome unforeseen disaster, I insist
upon it that we should t'ske time to view ihe whole
field of diffi ul v, throw the responsibility where it
propei!/ bfionyi., and resort to such means as
shall be coiis's.ent with the obligations we owe to
the countrj, ant' the duty which we owe lo ourselves.
I speak as a member of ihe Whig party—as a
member of lhat parly which long foresaw and long
forewarned the country against the measures
which have reduced us to this ruinous and almost
degraded condition. Sir, I do not choose to be
driven, by this cry of the "immediate wanh" of
the Government, about which we have heard so
much, to the commission of an act which I not only
believe to be inexpedient and unwise at ihe present
time, but which, while it is calculated to relieve
the guilty from responsibility, will throw the odium
of their misdeeds upon those who are to succeed
them.
As to the indebtedness of the Government, with-
out ihe means of making payment, there is no
difference of opinion here. That more money will
be required than can be supplied by the accruing
revenue for the present year, must be admitted on
all hands. As to the deficit which exists, and the
amount which will be required for the present
wants and future demands during the year, is a
point of controversy. . I shall attempt to show, be-
fore I conclude, that it is much larger ihan can be
gathered from ihe obscure and cunningly devised
report of the Secretary of the Treasury The ques-
tion is, how is the requisite sum to be raised? Af-
ter a great and unexampled victory, the Whig
party is about to come into power, and they find
the Government crippled in its resources, and bent
down by years of pressure We now have to ap-
ply the remedy. We now have to raise the means
of enabling the country to comply wuh us obliga-
tions, to repair its shat.ered defences, and to save
Ihe national honor. I am willing to do this, but I
cannot consent that a discomfited enemy 'hall dic-
tate the way in wh ch it is to be done, sml leis am
I willing to •aid in screening that enemy from publ c
indignation by assuming the responsioility which
should rest on him. And if we have nothing to
hope from an obstinate and pel verse majority here—
if this measure is to be presented to us as ihe ulti-
matum, as the only lehef wh ch they will consent to
give, I, for one, am lor "biding my time," and am
willing to wait till those who truly rtpie*ent the
interests and wishes of the people ¡hall have assem-
bled here.
I have siated that I am willing to vo'e for a
loan, and feeling assured, as I do, lhat five mi'-
lions will not be more than half sufficient to meet
the deficit for the present year, I am willing to vote
for the ten millions contemplated by ihe resolution
of th? gentleman from New York. I preftr a loan,
because it will reveal to the coumry the actual
condition of the Treasuiy, and I piefer that it
should be authorized b/ the same men whose
nisasures have torced us to this alternative.
Those who have contracted the debt, and squan-
dered the means of carrying on the Government,
should tpke the lesponsibility of making prov.-
sion for both. Paying a delt is not incurring
a debt. It may be, and it will be, that the Adm -
nistration to succeed the one now in power will
be compelled to provide the means of paying
the debt already incurred, and of meeting the
deficit growing out of rte shock given to irade
and commerce by the destructive policy of the
present parly in power. And I wish now, in ad-
vance, tn call the attention of this House and ot
the country to the fact lhat any measure of re'ief
hereafter to be resorted to by the coming Adminis-
tration will be the inevitable result of the policy of
the present Administration. If the country is in
debt, that debt must be paid, if there i>a deficiency
in ihe íevenue for the present year, that deficiency
must be provided for; and if, in app'ymg the
means for eiiber, the country l, pressed, let not
those be bUmed who make the provision, but tho e
who forced it upon tl em. Sir, I makj these re-
marks because it is very apparent, from the tone
of the debate on the other side, as well as of the
presses in their support, that this is to be the basis
of an organized opposition against General Har-
rison's admimsti ation And now I cnarge in an-
ticipation, and I call upon gentlemen on the other
side to note what I say, you have squandered the
public tieasure; you have crippled the resources of
the country by your wai upon commerce and
credit, you are about to go out of power, after hav-
ing planged the country in debt, and deprived it of
the means of meeting its necessary expenditures;
and upon your heads, and yours alone, let the re-
sponsibility rest. And m providing the means, as
we shall hereafter be compelled to do, to pay for
your extravagance, an 1 lo supply the deficiency
caused by your warfare upon ctmmerce, let it not
be sa-d, for in truth it cannot, lhat we have im-
posed upon Ihe country a national deb*.
If the interest of ihe country, in a pecuniary
point of view, is to be consulted, a loan must be
preferable to Treasury notes. Treasury notes, wuh
four and a halt mi'lions now outstanding, and
bearing an interest of six per cent, are now, I
learn, from one-half lo three-'du.rths per cent, be-
low specie par. These Treasury notes are reissua-
bie, let it be recollected, until ihe 31st March, of
the present year. Authorize the issue of five mil-
lions more, or ten millions, ?s contemplated by the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Wi e,] and as you thus increase the>r amount, you
lessen their value. It may be said, these Treasury
notes are paid out to the public creditor at par, and
received from the public deb,or at par. But, sir,
is it r ght, with all your professions about a specie
currency, and all your denunciations of paper, to
receive the public dues in a med.um less valuable
than specie, whilst, according to the provisions of
the Sub-Treasury law, you are compelled to collect
one-half of the revenue in gold and silver after
the 4th J;uly next? And is it right to compel the
public creditor—or leave him no other alternative,
which is the same ihtng—to receive the amount
due him in a medium less valuable Ihan specie,
after all ihe clamor we have heard about the im-
post ions of banks, and the worthlessness of paper
money? Tuasuiy notes, like all other b lis of
csedit, cannot long maintain their nominal value,
as has been proven by ihe history of all Govern.
ments that have ever rtsorltd to Ihem. In fact,
ihey are a sort of revolutionary currency at best,
nevn resoited to by Governments except when
in extremis, and when they have no other mode of
supplying their coffers, and of sustaining their
credit. They íeinind ine too strongly ot con-
tinental paper money, and the assignants of
revolutionary France, to receive my sanc-
tion. Owing lo their uncertain and fluctu-
ating character, as to ihe time and amount
of their issue-*, capitalists are afraid to m-
v si in them; and as a currency, ihey are en-
tirely unsutted to ihe public convenience. And all
the patchwork of legtslatioi to which you may re-
soit cannot acquire for them the confidence and
countenance oí ihe commercial community. But
resort to a loan, issue your scrip, redeemable on
time, with a fixed rale of interest, and you create a
stock in which capitalists wilt seek to invest their
money; and thu. s>tock, so far from jelling at a dis-
count, will command a piemium I undersiand
lhat the stock issued by the Government in 1822,
'23, and '24, although redeemable at pleasure, sold
ata premium of two per cent. If issued on time,
it would be woith mort, but at Ivio per cent, the
Government would save two hundred thousand
dollars in a ban of ten millions. If you issue
Treasury no^es made returnable m one year, you
are only postponing the evil, which will be aggra-
vated when ihe time of presentation arrives. For,
as I shall attempt lo show, the deficit in the Trea-
sury is not a temporary one, but a permanent one
which cannot be supplied unless the imports should
be increased beyond any reasonable calculation, or
the duties on those imports, or a portion of them,
should be raised. So that, at the time these Trea-
sury notes snail return, the Treasury will need all
its available means in order to meet the necessary
&nl current demands of the Government.
That there is a deficit al1 agiee. The question
is, how laige is it likely to be during the present
year? I have no doubt that it will be more ihan
ten millions, it certainly will if Congress passes
the appropriations tbdt are absolutely necessary for
the country. It is true, v e can make the expendi-
tures any amount we please, no mat'er how rmall,
if we are disposed to disband the army, to lay up
the navy, i'esert our fertilisation',, suspend our
forciin intercourse, &o In reading the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, I was struck with
the timf-«,ervmg and disgraceful proposition he
has made, for the purpose of preserving a balance
