Feb. Í841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong-•••2nd riESS.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Rayner.
309
tract's to political favorites &c    It is such corrup-
tion as this, of which we have so much complained,
and which we have pre mised to  reform.   If the
money which has been collected bad been spent for
the interest of the country, in disciplining our army,
increasing our navy, completing our fortifications,
erecting harbors, and  other conveniences of com-
merce, &c. why, th u, sir, we could not have com-
plained.    But, what is remarkable, whilst this vast
expenditure of moaey  has been going on for the
last four years, ranging from thirty  lo forty mil-
lions annually, all the interests and defences of the
country have been languishing and going to ruin
Well, now, sir, in legislating to meet the wan's
of the Government, I feel bound to look to the fu-
ture as well as to the present.   By profligacy, mis-
management, and corruption, all the great de'ences
of the counlry have gone to  wreck.    The present
rate of duties wi'l not yield a sufficient income to
put the country m a state of defene , and to repair
the evils of the last twelve years  of misrule    In
adduion to the deficit of about #7,000,000 for the
present year, there is about $5,580,000, consisting
of sum.i and annuities payable to Indians, and
amounts pledged to be invested in safe, perma ent
stocks for their benefit, the interest on which we
are now paying.    Then, there is the navy pension
fund, which has been squandered or invested m
worthless stocks, amoun mg to §1,200,000, which
jou are bound to make good.    Due on trust funds,
other than Indian, $500,000.   Old funded and cer-
tificate debt, $100,000    Debts of the cities in the
District of Columbia, assumed by the Government,
with interest, $1,750,000   To these are to be added
claims on account of Indian  affairs, growing out
of the Florida war, allowed or to  be allowed by
the Departments, or pending before Congress, say
$5,000,000, although 1 learn,  from gentlemen bet-
ter acquainted with the subject than I am, they will
reach nearer §10,000,000.   Other claims now be-
fore Congress, and which have been accumulating
for the last two years, for want of time to act on
them, allowing for those that may be rejected, say
$2,000,000, and I   also leain that these latter will
probably  be double that sum.   Tnese amount m
the whole to $16,280,000  of permanent debt fall-
ing  upon the   next  Administration, and which,
added to the deficit of seven millions in the reve-
nue of the present year, ^hows an  almost certain
liability of more than $23,000,000 by the Govern-
ment, over and above the current expenditures.
And this, too, with a revenue continually decrea«-
mg by the gradual operation  of the compromise
act.
Now, sir, I am for abiding by the spirit of the
compromise act The circumstances under which
it was passed require that no violence should be
done to the feelings of either of the great interests
that were parties to it That act wa> the voluntary
offering of patriotism, to save the effusion of hu-
man blood. It snatched the uplifted sword from
ihe hand of the tyrant, who, with tiger ferocity,
was raving and thirsting for the blood of freemen
It stands as an enduring monument of the patriot-
ism, the wisdom, and the magnanimity of Ken-
tucky's distinguished son. And I am free to ad-
mit that, it the public sentiment of either of the
two great interests that were parties to that compro-
mise should, with any thing like unanimity, insist
upon its remaining inviolate and untouched, it
would be unwise to disturb it. It is, however, for
the majority here, m their wisdom, to examine and
decide what may be wishes of the country, and the
feelings of the two great sections in regard to the
modification of this measure. But, m submitting
this measure to the test of public feeling in the two 
great interests that were parties to it, refe.ence
must be had to the calm and unbiased wishes of the
popular mind, and not to the wild ravings of party
madness. No one man here has a right to speak
for the whole Noith or the whole S^uth, neither
has the dslegation of any one State a rtght to speak
for its. entire section. It is for the majority heie,
in their discretion, and upon their responsibility, to
judge of the public will, upon a dispassionate sur-
vey of ihe who!  question It two parties enter
into a covenant for the observance of which their
honer and faith may be plighted, neither has the
right to violate its provisions whilst the other insists
H. of Reps 
upon the r ecfo-cemenr. But certainly ¡hey are
not estopped worn modifying it by mutual ag-e*-
nvnt. And so with the compromise act of 1832.
If the North or the South, with any thing like una-
nimity, insist upon its wvioiabdity, I, for one,
should be opposed to touching it But if, by mu-
tual agreement, they are willing to modify it now,
where can be .he objection?
Thus brings me to the immediate consideration of
the proposition oi the gentlemen from New York
[Mr Barnard] to impose ,i duty on silks and wines,
which are now admitted free of duty. I think this
proposition presen s a medium, on which tne mo-
derate on bota «ides of the question rnav meet with
safety. I am awaie thai the ultra tanff men may
oppose it, Decaase they may hope that, in remodel-
ling the system after the expiratior of the limit
fixed to the compromise act, they wi i be enabled
to exempt luxuries from any duty, and collect the
whole ot the daties from articles of necessity, and
thereby protect the same articles of domestic manu-
facture. They may suppose ¡hat, by our imposing
duties on luxuries now, they will find it more diffi-
cult to exe npt them hereafter I can assure gen-
t.emea entertaimrg thes-* opinions that tbe South,
so far as i am acqaamted with its teeungs, will
never qu e ly submit to ihis discrimination We
are for equal benefits, and fi r equal burd?ns We
never will consent that artic.es of 'uxury, which
are consum d by the rich, shall be imported free or
duty-, and articles of necessity, consumed by the
poor, shall be bar lened with all \h? means of taxa-
tion, merely for the berefit of the manufacturers.
That has been the source oí all our straggles and
difficulties heretofore It carne <• ell nigh once
plunging this country into all the h<?rrors of civil
commotion. By all the exciting associations con-
nected with that gloomy period, I entreat gentle-
men who yet cherish the favorite idea of discrimi-
nation and protection to abandon it forever. You
cannot enforce it without endangering the stability
of the Union.
Then there are ultra men on the other side, who
oppose this measure simply because it is an impo-
sition of du'v, without reference to the objects on
which it is intended to operate, or without looking
at the real cause of that long and uniform opposi-
tion wh'ch was waged by the South against the ta-
riffs of '24 and '28 The gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Thompson] seems perfectly horrified at
this new tariff, as he calls it, and asks if this same
measure of a duty on imparts has not long been
the great cau«e of complaint and difficulty be ween
the South and the North I can answer his ques-
tion, and I tell him, no The South nevei com-
plained of the revenue for the support of the Go-
vernment being collected from a duty on foreign
articles.
Mr. Thompson begged leave to explain Hs
said he did not mean to intimate that the South was
opposed to raising a revenue from custom?. What
he said was, that a tax on foreign importations had
been the great cause of complaint on the part of
tbe South.
Mr R. A tax on foreign importations' Ex-
actly, sir. That is the same thing I it'll take is-
sue with fa: gentleman I deny that the South
has evei complained that the revenue for the sup-
port of the Government was raised by a tax on fo-
reign importations.
The South well knows, and always hat known,
that it is the only practicable mode of supporting
the Government, among a people as sensitive as
ours are on the subject of direct taxation It is the
principle of discrimination, for the protectio  of
the manufacturers in a certain section, of which
the South has always complained, a protection
which, while it increases the cost of consumption
to all sections alike, yet diffuses its advantages in
the vicinity of the manufactures of the North, with-
out bringing any correlative blessings- to us of the
South. The South 13 not only willing to contribute
its levenue and its wea'th, but its blood, if need
be, in *uppon of the Government and the
Union. The object comemplatfd by the rropo
smon of toy fuend from New Y irk is t>ie
very thing that ve have alwav~ contended
fer The North has heretofore lefused to grant
it to us.—they would not concede it m the com-
promise act—but now, if I understand them
aright, they are willing to y.sl1 v, and can
we hesitate to accept it? My eloquent friend
fro«rt South Carolina [Mr. Thompson ] who ad-
dressed us so ably the other day, has put this mat-
ter m its proper light. He has proven, trooi the
record^than an equalization of duties, upon the
protected and the unprotected articles, was the
greit object contended for by th- d,sttngtushed
Southern s atesman who mingled mthe pohtical
conflicts ot '32 and '33 Sir, we are now estoppe 1,
virtually ewopped from objecting to this proposi-
tion. I thank my friend from Soum Carohra for
the gallant manner m which he has met this ques-
tion at the very ihresh 4d. It came vith a peculiar
fiine^s from him. He comes from > region of po-
litical darkness, though s>tiU from an oasis in a de-
sert was.e. Hi  position is one of b.gh mora! sub-
limity. Despite all Ihe efforts of persecution at
home, he has stood up for yei-r , almost single
handed and alone, as the untemfied advocate of
liberty and truth. With a heroic courage, he has
refused to quail before power and proscription,
and, whether at home or on this floor, he has, with
a giant's arm, shaken eff his asj iiants as "the
lion would shake 'he dew drop 'ro a his mane "
He «ays he is aware that the demagogue cry of ta-
riff' laaff1 will be raised for the purpose ofex-
eitiri* popular prejudice against him at home
That is probable. I am aware that, humble as I
am, I shall be subjected to the same charge. Bat
my friend [Mr Thompson] need give himself no
uneasiness on lhat account. Calumiy &• i misre-
presentation are the common lot of a'l who pursue
the path of duty, re, ard.e-s of consequences De-
nunciation by the wicked is the irt<*e which hones-
ty and patriotism always have 'o pay ior ihe es-
teem and approbation of the virtuous and the
good. I repeat it, my friend from South Carolina
deserves the thanks of the countrr for tne fearless
manner in which he has met this question. It will
endure in the reeords oí the country, as a lasting
memorial of hi  patriotism, and will constitute the
richest legacy he can leave to his children who
are to succeed him. The tribute cf the country's
praise is also due to my friend rrom Georgia [Mr.
Nisbet] for his able and eloquent speech on this
subject. I was equally pleased with the cogency
of his argument and the pathos of his eloquence.
With such advocate^, the Soutn has notmng to
fear, and m such band? the interest of ihe whole
country will be safe.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thomp-
son] asked how it was that the North was now
willing to impose a tax on luxu íes, for, said he,
this has alwajs been a favorite measure wuh the
South, and it never before has b>en ab'e to obtain
it Charity compels me to believe it isfiom a
principle ot patriotism lhat our IS or hern brethren
are now willing to yi-ld this, ba , vneiher it be
from a sense of just'ee, or irom come oirer motive,
it matters not to me. So we ob.. 11 what wé desire,
it is a matter of indifference whit may be the mo-
tive of concession. What wou'd bi thought of
the prudenci of any man in private 1-fe who would
refuse to receive, by the voluntary concession of
an enemy, that which he had been striving to ob-
tain, and without success, for yeais? Bat wuh all
the gentleman's horrors at the prospect of a dis-
turbance of the tariff question, he seems perfectly
willing to go into it, provued he can be allowed to
adjust it upon his own terms. He distinctly stated
that, when the proper time arrive 1, he was willing
to go into a revision of the whole system. Ay,
sir, and when will the proper time arnve? It cer-
tainly mus' have arrived, when it is necessary to
do something 10 order to replenish the Treasury. I
fear, if this matter i> postponed, we shall not have
the pleasure of the gentleman's assistance. Unless
the people of Mississippi change their minds as
easily as cer.am Southern gentlemen have changed
their grounds, upon this vary subject, the honorable
gentleman is not bkely to b  troubled with the bar-
dens of legislation here for some time to come.
The gentleman went on to tell ot the great injury
that would result to the cotton-growing interest of
his State by an imposition of 20 per cent, on
French silks and wine'. And yet he seems wil-
ling to sacrifice this great interest of his constitu-
