312
¡APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSION GLOBE.
Feb. 1341.
56th Cong-------2nd Sfss.                                Treasury Note Bill—Mr, Rayner,                                                                    H. oí Reps.
sia are building steam «hips da'ly, not one or two,
by stinted appropriation', as we arr, but whole
fleets of them.
Mr. Grinneli Yes, building them in this coun-
ry.
Mr K. Yes, sir, building them m our own coun-
try—here, in our own. ship yards—to be sent back,
perhaps, at some future time, for the purpose of
battering down our cities, and destroying our com-
merce.
With these facts before me, I deem it the part of
prudence to prepare for danger before it arrives
Let us organize our army, inciease it sufficiently to
man our fortifications, and provide military post 
for oar frontier defence Let us erect barracks for
our soldiers., and establish foundries for the manu-
facture of munitions of war. Above ail, let us in-
crease our navy for the protection of our commerce,
and send 'he American flag to float in triumph in
every part of the world Let us build steam ships
for the protection of our harbors and depots, and
for the defence oí our coasts. More especially
ought we to do this, since it ib beginning to be ad-
mitted that the application of steam to vessels ot
war is likely to change the whole system of naval
warfare, and that vessels of this description are,
above all others, calculated for coast defence. In
order to do this, we must have monty, the only
practicable way of obtaining money is from a duty
on imports, and, in laying; this duly, icference
should be had to the great leading interests oí the
country, the benefits should be diffused, and the
burdens equalized. This can be done only by an
equalization of duties, and thai is what is contem-
plated by the proposition of my friend from New
York.
And, Mt, Chairman, in organizing our revenue
system, I take the distinct ground now that I am in
favor ot raising sufficient revenue from customs
fer the support of the Government, < rclusive of
that arising from the sales of the public lands.
That I am in favor oí distiibutingamongthe States.
I shall not go into a discussion of this question
now, when the subject fairly comes up, I will give
my views upon it Suffice it to say that, whilst I
am providing for our national defence, I am also in
favor of providing lor the moral and intellectual
improvement of our people, and extending to ihem
the means of prosperity and comtort, as far as is
consistent with the limits of the Constitution As
to the lands ceded, you are bound by the deeds of
cession to dispose of them "for the common use
and benefit of all the Slates;" and as to those ac-
quired by purchase, yon may, in your discretion,
"dispose" of them as you may think most condu-
cive to ths public good Let us, then, dispose of
them by distributing them among the States, to be
applied by them either to education, internal im-
provement, the payment of their debts, or any otuer
purpose they may prefer Thus, whilst providing
for our national defence, we shall be extending the
blessings and conveniences of domestic prosperity
and happiness.
I was surprised at the zeal with which my friend
from Virginia [Mr Wist] opposed this proposi-
tion of a distribution of the proceeds oí the public
land«. I had always supposed that this was a cai-
dinal principle of the Whig creed; and, whilst I do
not presume to arraign that gentleman for his opi-
nion, yet I do not recognise in him ihe right to ar-
raign mi for mine When he says no State rights
man can go for this sjstem, I put in "a plea to the
jurisdiction " Upon the question of State rights,
bumble as my course has been, I am ready to com-
pare it with his, without any tear of suffering by
the comparison He atlempted to east ridicult
upon the proposition of distribution, by calling it a
proposition to "distribute a deficiency " Why, n®
one ever thought of distributing a revenue from
this source before it had accrued—for such a thing
would be an absurdity—although they might wish
to make provision for its distribution after collec-
tion. But there is not so great ?n absurdity m
"distributing a deficiency," after all, if he will have
it so. It can only be done by distributing ihe bur-
dens necessary to supply a deficiency, and, as v, -
can do that only by a duty on imports, we propose
to distribute the burdeos by an equalization of du-
ties, which will operate equally on all sections oí
the Union
The gentleman from Virginia, in the course of
his remarks, did me the honor to refer to me as a
nullifier, who stood ready to oppose the march oí
an invading army to South Carolma, m the dark
period of 1832 He appealed to my Sta e rights
principles, and warned me against what he is pleased
to call a revival of the tariff lest the «ame stirring
scenes may again return Ye«, s-ir, I was a nulli-
fier then, and, no matter wnat may have been the
motives of those who were mo*t prominent in that
contest, for mjself, I mast say, 1 was actuated by
the youthful impulse of patriotic ieelmg. And
when he referred to that dark period when the cloud
of civil commotion was seen in the tistant horizon,
he touched a cord m my bosom which vibrated
throughout my frame. It revived some of the most
s irrmgassociations, whtch have not been destioyed
by the lapse of years. And I know not whether I
was most excited at the thrilling picture which he
drew of our determination to maintain our rights
at the hazard of our blood, or mortified when, a
moment after, I reflected upon the present time-
seiving policy of those men on whom all the en-
thusiastic admnation of my youthful heart was
once lavished Yes, I was then in favor of State
interposition—not from any factious opposition to
th« execution of the laws—not from any wish to
dismember this glorious and happy Union—not
that I cared for the fine spur theone and sophisti-
cal arguments with which this question was mysti-
fied and enveloped—but because SoJÜi Carolira
was struggling against the same system, which I
believed to be founded m unconstitutional oppres-
sion The most aggravating circuí'stance of" that
event was not the attempt of the General Govern-
ment to execute its law, but the cold and heartless
scorn which prevailed m a certain section—the
careless indifference with which it was threatened
to force freemen into submission at the point
of ihe bayonet , and that, too, when a
tyranl, rhvmsr and thirsting tor blood, urged
on by the demon of revenge that was gnaw-
ing at his heart, with as insatiable an appetite as
that oí the vulture that preyed upon the liver of the
fabled Prometheus—when this tvrant, I say, was
profanely swearing "by the Eternal" that he would
hang on a gallows as high as Haman's men whom
I then believed to be actuated by the purest im-
pulses of patriotism Gentlemen may say this
was ayouthlul indiscretion; still it was the honest
convicnoi oí my heart. And I yet believe that
there must be a conservative principle in the States
of this Union to arrest the progress ot Federal
usurpation, when ihe dangers of resistance become
preferable to further submission In other words,
I believe that th* action of a State, in her highest
sovereign capacity, establishes a relation between
such Sia'e and the Federal Government, that tor-
bids the idea of force by the latter until conciliation
and compromise have been tr.ed in vain, and that,
when collision does take place, such action on the
part of a Slate prevenís the relation between that
State and the General Government, of rebel on the
one hand and sovereign on the other It might bu
a cause of war; but the idea of Ihe General Go-
vernment punishing as rebels men shielded by State
authority is consr lidation It is making State
rights—about which «e hear so much—nothing
moie than thosf revolutionary rights which arc
possessed by serfs of Russia or the s'a^es of Mas
cat Thi*, sir, in a few woids, is mv idea ot State
interposition. Call i' nullification, revolution, or
what you will, still I believe it to be the great ba-
lance-wheel of our sjs em—the great conservative
principle that is to preserve th  federative f-ature
ot our Government, and to save r from consolida-
tion
Sir, I do not wish to ba undeistoo 1 on this sub-
ject. I do not insist that nullificaticn is a remedy,
under the Constitution, necessarily peaceful m its
operation I have no idea that aco lision between
a State and the General Government was ever con
templated by the framers of the Constitution, or
provided for w that instrument Bat I insist thai,
when such collision does take place, owing to the
peculiar character of our institutions, owing to the
fact that the Constitution is a compact between
sovereign ¡states, it establishes the relation between
the contending parties of belligerent sovereign ,
who are to be governed and restricted by the laws
of nations Neither do I believe that the General
Government is rsndered powerless for action,
whenever a State declares that an act of Congress
shall be inoperative withm its limit  Whenever
that contingency happens, it becomes a matter of
consideration with the General Government, whe-
ther it will yield its construction of the law to that
of the State—whether it will p%use temporarily,
for Ihe sake oí conciliation, as I believe it should
—or whether it will immediately enforce its own
construction by physical force, I can hardly con-
ceive a case of State íesistance to national laws,
where physical foice would not necessarily follow,
and, my word for it, no Slate will ever nullify a
law of Congress until it has prepared itself to fight.
But here is the great value and advantage of State
interposition when force is used by the General
Government, and open war ftllowa, as it neces-
sarily must, the citizens of a State, acting under
State authority, when taken with arms in their
hands, cannot be hung as traitors against the na-
tion, but must, from the nature and genius of our
institutions, be treated as prisoners of war. It
never can be, that men, acting in obedience to State
authority, are to be placed on tne same footing
with a lawless band of individuals assembled to-
gether for the purpose of arresting the execution of
the laws, without having any political organiza-
tion orlegal sanction whatever.
I am aware there is s'lll a lingering prejudice in
a certain quarter against all who have ever favor-
ed this principle of Stale interposition. I can as-
sure my Whig friends here, that it is, in a great
measure, to the energy, the daring, and patriotic
enthusiasm of the advocates of State Rights, that
our victory m the Southern States is to be attri-
buted in the late contest Th  error of our North-
ern friends consists in th's they identify State
Rights wuh South Carolina, and the course and
conduct of South Carolina politicians There
never was a greater mistake No one can feel
moie indignant than we do, at witnessing the de-
spotic and high toned Federal measutes to which a
profession of State Rights is made subservient m
that quarter. It would be as unjust to condemn
the Christian religion for all the cruelties and per-
secutions committed in its name during the dark
ages, as to condemn State Rights for all the politi-
cal heresies and federal oppressions that are now
practised in their name.
But I am told by gentlemen on the othei side
that the principles I advocate are in. opposition to
State Rights. It has become very fashionable with
that patty of late to talk of State Rights. Men who
have been the uniform supporters of the most Fe-
deral Administration that ever existed in this coun-
try, now, when they are driven from power, begin
to prate about State Rights and the Constitution.
The gentlemen from Mississippi, [Mr. Thompson,]
from Alabama, [Mr. Hobbard,] and from New
York, [Mr. Vandkrpoel,] delivered to us homilies
upon economy, and the duty of keeping within the
limits of the Constitution. Why, what do those
gentlemen know about State Rights and constitu-
tional restrictions,? Have they not been the con-
sistent supporters of an Administration that is
sieeped, doubly steeped, m the darkest dje of Fe-
deralism? Have they forgotten their course on
the New Jersey question' Have they forgotten
tne course of their colaborers in the Senate, in ar-
raigning the States of this Union for daring to go
in debt? When I think of these things, and then
hear these gentlemen talking of State Rights, I am
reminded of Robespierre haranguing the Jacobin
club on the blessings of freedom, whilst the heads
of innocent victims were borne on pikes through
tne streets of Paris I cannot afford to learn Slate
Rights in sucha school.
Mr. Chairman, I must confess that I was not on-
ly surprised but pained at the general tenor of the
speech of my friend from Virginia. In the outset
of his remarks, he alluded to certain misrepresen-
tations and suspicions which, he said, had been in-
dulged m towards him. As to me, he knows, or
he ought to know, that I am t!se last one m the
world to do htm injustice.   He is "grappled to my
