Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S13
26th Cong""2nd Síss
Civil and Diplomatic Bill—Mr. Nisbet.
H. of Reps
heart with a hook of steel," too strong to be oroken
by any political developments here I have huug
upon his eloquence with too much rapture, I have
gazed upon his brilliant and gallant carter with too
intense an admiration, to indulge the least censure
against his comse. For me to attempt to admo-
nish him, or to cnticise his conduct, would be like
a raw recruit attemp'mg to lecture an expeuenced
general upon the art of war. Suspect him ! No,
sir. No one suspects him, no one can. No one
has a right to suspect him H15 services nave been
toe great, his devotion to the best interests of his
country has been too well proven, to allow any one
to suspect for a moment tne parity of his mo'ives,
although we may feel grieved that a sincere con-
viction of duty may lead him to d.ffer with his
friends And, sir, I must say, my feelings compel
me to say, that his speech fell ommoasly upon my
ear. And ought the gentleman to complain that
his views have been the subject of conversation
and conjecture? It is the highest compliment that
could be paid him We know the strength of his
giant arm too veil not to feel annoyed even at the
possibility of losing his aid m carrying out the great
system of refoim which we have promised to the
country We know that he was one cf the first
who dared to "beard the Douglass in his hall,
and the lion in his den." We know that he
risked not only his politcal but his personal
safety, in dragging from their hiding places the foul
agents of corruption, and exposing their enormi-
iies to the light of day. And will ne not allow us
to express our regret, our so row, at the prospect
of a difference of opinion between him and us' It
appeared to me that he travelled out of his .way
to attack most of the great principles under which
we have marched to victory, and to which we stand
pledged to the people to conform our action Whilst
bearing testimony to the utility and necessity of a
National Bank, yet he sajs he is opposed to moot-
ing the subject until confidence is restored. Sir,
have we not advocated such an institution as the
great agent for restoring confidence? Would he
leave in operation and unrepealed, the Sub-Treasury,
which has so long been the theme of his withering
denunciation? Or would he resort temporarily to
the State bank system, which he has equally con-
demned? Is he for waiting until ¡here is no com
merce to foster, no revenue to preserve?
He protested in advance against an extra session,
and yet says he is for consultation and compro-
mise. Why, then, not wait until General Harri-
son has had an opportunity of consulting hi 
friends on such a step? Why furnish, m advance,
our enemies with an argument against us, in case
an extra session shall be found to be indispensa-
ble? He says such a measure would be unwise m
the present excited s ate ot political feeling, and
tells us to go home and consult our constituents.
Is there a member here who does not know the
feelings and wishes of his constituents? My friend
certainly does not mean to insinuate that the great
political excitement through which we have just
passed was the mere efferve*cence of popular fee'-
íng, and not the result of calm and dispassionate
conviction. If so, he has himself been deceived,
for he marched in the front of the battle. Has not
reform—a thorough and speedy reform—been our
watch-word? Has it not floated on our banners'!—
has it not been constantly on our lips?—has it not
nerved and animated our hearts? The glory of our
triumph has been, that it was the result of an im-
pulse that came bounding from the hearts of a
wronged and indignant people. We have labored
under the same grievances, and been animated by
the same enthusiasm, from the Aroostook to the
Sabme, and fr m the ocean to the mounta ns And
never was there a representative oody so well ca -
culated to reflect the views, and cany out the wisncs
of their constituents, as the Congress that is to suc-
ceed us. And, after having conquered m a great
battle, shall we stop short, like Hannibal at the
gates of Rome, without possessing ourselves ot the
citadel? No, sir, no, sir. Let us press forward.
Let us carry out the system of reform wmch we
have promised to the peeple—a reform not only of
men, but of measures. And now is ths time,when
the popular impulse is up, before the enemy has
time to recover from his defeat; and the sooner we
act, the more speedy will be the rel ef to the coun-
try For if, after all the promises we have made,
and ail the high hope« and expectations we have
excited, we now stop short, and leave to time to e'-
fect wnat can only be done by prompt and decisive
action—if we leave the currency ot the country
sull to suffer, the commerce to languish, the public
money unprotected, the Treasury bankrupt, the
places of trust and honor m the hands of political
gamblers, we shall soon find that our triumph will
be as short-lived as u will be Darren m its fruits,
and that, after all, we shall have but
1 -----—-------A barren sceptie m our gripe "
Soon 'to be wrenched with an in lineal hand,
No ; iheiid '01 ours succeeding
The gentSeaian from Virginia said he was op-
posed to pro'enpt on for opinion's sake And who
is not? Yet why indulge tne suppcsilion, the pro-
bability, or even possibility, of General Harr son
removing any one trom office lor this catire alont?
I, too, am opposed to such a course, yet I believe
that, if "honesty, capability, and faithfulness to
the Constitution," are to constitute the criterion
tor office, the official corps will be thoroughly re-
oigan'zed, «nd, if the opinions of my friend sre
not changed, he must enter'am the same views
I know he would not retain in his office that band of
plunderers and defaulters whose peculations he has
hirrselt so ably exposea, and, if I do not mistake
his opinions, he believes a system of investigation
would expose the ¡>ame corruption m every branch
of the public service
My friend from Virginia, in the course of his re-
mark', made an allu^ioi to my State, in reply to a
playful remark 01 my friend and colleague, [Mr.
Stanly ] v-hich I ihoug it a h'tie u iki< d, knowm?,
as he said, our sensitiveness on the subject He
remarked that North Carolina bad so long follow-
ed Virginia that she bow felt like an apprentice
jus' set free &ir, North Carolina needs no defendír
here, and if she did, she would be unfortunate in
having no abler advocate than myself She disre-
gards the reoioaches and the vaününgs of her
Northern and her Southern neighbois. Sne stands
not still—whilst the rest of the Union is marching
on in the career of prosperity and improvement—
to deal with the va'ue abstractions of the one, nor
does she run mad after ¿11 ihe wild vagaries of the
other. But there she rest-s, calm and qu'et as the
surface of her eastern bays, yet firm and unshaken
ai her western hills. It is sufficient compliment to
her to say that whilst on the north and south of her
the spirit of reform has been unable to contend
with the demon of faction, yet, on entering her
borders, the flag of freedom floats in triumph from
her Atlantic beach to the mountain tops She re-
poses not on the fame of her ancestors, ¡.he boasts
not of their former renown. And if she has nit
as many blight name? to adorn her history as tho e
who revile her, she is saved the disgrace of vio-
lating their dying precepts, and of dishonoring their
shades Let it be recollected that Athens was once
the proudest and noblest State of Greece. All
the other members of that confederacy were proud
to do her honor Yet, m process of time, she was
the first 10 surrender her freedom to the golden
bribes of Philip, whilst the Thebans, who had once
been tne objects ot her reproach, perished nobly on
the neld of ChEeronea with the expiring liberties of
Greece. My iriend from Virginia may take the
allusion and apply it at his leisure.
I will not suffei myself to indulge m any appre-
hensions or mi gtvms;s as to the policy of GeReral
Hanison's administra ior. He is the mere aaerit
of a great popular movement. He canno', he w 11
r>o', he dare not, attempt to check the progress of
thit great political revolution through which we
have j ait passed Let him but throw himself in
the current of that popuiar impulse which ha 
=,wept like a deluge over ¡he land, and which nov,
when the storm is passed, will flow on m one
smooth and placid stream, until it is lost m the
great ecean of national prosperity and national
glory Let him but do thi% and the history of the
period through which we have just come will seive
as a le.son to tyrants in all future time, that they
are not to treat with scorn the sufferings of a free
and noble people.
REMARKS OF MR. NISBET,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives, in Committee of
the Whole on the Civil and Diplomatic bill, m
reply to Messrs. Cooper and Black.
Mr Chairman Upon the mouon to strike out
the appropriation^ the branch mint atDabkmega,
I have novhmg to, add to the views presented by
my colleague yesterday I approve of those views,
and shall vote agaisst striking out. I rise now for
a different puipose \ I rise, sir, to reply to certain
gentlemen who have taken, upon themselves to
condemn the course I telt it my duty to pursue in
relation to tne revenue I had the honor, some
daj ago, to address the committee in favor of ad-
ditional duties upon imports My colleague [Mr
Black] has represented me as favoring a tariff for
protection. To him l\nind to reply. I shall also
take the liberty of adverting io the speech of ano-
ther colleague, [Mr CroPBR,] in answer to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] upon a sub-
ject of delicate interest to my constituents. My
friend [Mr Alford] thinks that duties upon silks
and wines and other luxuries will open the way for
apiotecttve tariff, and he seems to believe that it
15 the policy of leading Whig gentlemen to entrap
tneir Southern auxiliaries into the support of a
tariff policy In all this, sir, he is wnolly mistaken.
[Mr Alford explained ] I am truly rejoiced to
find, Mr Chairman, that between that gentleman
and myself there is no material difference of opi-
nion He is for increased duties, out does not be-
lieve this is the proper time to impose them.
Upon ihat question, thereiore, our difference «s
as to time only He is opposed to a tariff for pro-
tect on So am I lie is ¡or maintaining the
compromise So am I I never doubted my
friend's fidelity to the Whig cause. Never for a
moment doubted it, I know him to be as true to
its interests and lis honor as the spark to the stricken
steel I do not forget his services in the late great
contest, his z°al, his devotion in favor of Harrison
and reform In behalf of the Whig cause, his
voice has been h aid trumpet-toned ringing
through the cr unties of Georgia, and rallying to
the rescue the honest men of all parties. And it
will ever be heard thundering its denunciation 
against wrong and oppression every where, and in
everv form He is an honest and an eloquent
Whig—Whig, I know, to the core I repeat, sir,
that, between us I am happy to say there is no
material difference
I, sir, have not provoked this debate. Both my-
self and mj fnends from the South have been mis-
represented on the tanffand the Abolition questions;
grossly and unkindly misrepresented I will endure
this no longer I will not sit down quietly under
the attacks of tne gentlemen You know, sir, that
I have not, nor have mv Whig colleagues, at the
last or the present session, introduced into this
House our family broils We have studiously
avoided it R.espect to this House and self-respect
piompted to a course of long and irritating forbear-
ance     Forbearance is no longer a duty.
Among those who have represented the course
which I have pursued in relation to duties, as
favoring a protective tariff, is the distinguished
gentleman from Virginia I mean the member
from Accomack. In h s last speech, he stated that
there were Whigs in this House who favored pro-
tection because, said he, "they are m favor of du-
ties on wines and silks " And the gentleman re-
ferred to the speeches of Southern Whigs to prove
his a^e'iion It cannot be a mistake that he has
held u up to the whole South as far ff men, and
has more than once charged that a unS for pro-
fction was the alteady indicated policy here of the
new Admmistidt.on. Now, sir, speaking for my-
self op'j , I admit or rather repeat what I before
have proclaimed, that I am for duties on wines
a id silits. But does that make me the advocate
of protection' Am I, therefore, a tariff man?
Are duties upon unprotected articles identical with
protection? I have heretofore shown the contrary.
I have shown that French silks and wines would
bear a duty without creating protection and with-
out affecting their consumption. I will not now re-
peat the argument.   The gentleman's concluaien
