314
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong......2kd Sebs.
Civil and Diplomatic Bill—Mr. Nisbet.
H. oí Reps.
is a non sequitur. Bat, say gentlemen, this, is the
trap set to catch Southern Whigs. And my collea-
gue [Mr Black] would have the people of the
South believe that we, their chosen representa-
tives, because he, their repudiated representative,
tells them so, are so weak and so faithless—such
mere gudgeons, as to bite at a bait which ioanol
conceal the hook from even his eye If there be
a trap or trick in the proposition to lay new duties,
I have not seen it, nor have I seen any evidence-
of it. I, sir, have as correct means of knowing
the views of my Whig associates as my colleague,
perhaps more so, as sharp an eye to the interest
and honor of Georgia as he has, and perhaps as
great capacity of understanding what that honor
and interest is as he has He shall not be tha
judge of my representative dunes. The people
shall judge for themselves
A tariff for protection has not, sir, been indicated
here as the policy of ihe Harrison paay No man
has said, or even hinted, that General Harrison
will favor  uch a policy. Indeed, sir, no one, un-
less it be the gentleman fiom Virgin^ has ventured
to prescribe a policy of any kind to the Pre ident
elect. No one has authority for £0 brl i a nove
There is no clique or regency here to rule in ad-
vance both Harrison and the pariy it is true
gentlemen have spoken as becomes the American
representative character, fieely and fearlessly, and
no one more so than the able member from Virgi-
nia. But no one has ventured to prescribe f> the
party but himself This idoa about Ncithern
combinations to revive the protective system is all
stuff. It haunts the imagination ot gentlemen like
a spectre. It is, sir, not the fact that the Nor bern
manufacturers want a new discriminate g proactive
tariff. They are for adnermg to the prmeiplttiot
the compromise. They say so, and I believe them
It i$ their interest to observe the compromise, and
that interest they will pursue If, howevei, m
this I am mistaken—if, heieafter, when the time
for action arnve-s, the Whig , of ih« North ot the
Democrats of tne Ni rth should attempt to burden
ns with high imports for protect on—if a protective
tariff should, by any party, be again attempted,
and I should then belong to the public councils, I
shall oppose it with as much honest zeal, U with less
ability than those who are now so very sensitive
about Southern rights.
The effect of the course which my friend from
Virginia has thought it his- duty to pursue is to
create distrust of Whig repitsentatives at the South.
I have no idea that he intends to pioduf any such
effect. Such result, however, might follow in m
the character of his s-pacebcs. His fame is ail over
the land, he has a name quite as potent as any ot
these with whom he differs. His late eloquent de-
nunciations are calculated to "cool our friends and
heat our enemies "
No one so much as he ha  assumed to speak
what ought to be the policy of the party And in
the outset of his first speech he declared that, re-
gardless of what might be the viewi ot his political
friends, the policy he then indicated upon great and
leading measures, he would pursue to the end
Mahomet would not gj.o the mountain, but the
mountain might come to Mahomet N > one, of
course, can object lo such a mle of peí o al con-
duct. But sir, the time am mannctf announ-
cmgitwas, to my mind, most unfortuna't The
honorable member did l<ok to me, like a
shaft of stone, around which oiher things night
gather, but which, deeply set and towering in its
elevation coul t neither move nor b-nd The
motto it scribed up m I'te floating Oppo-^tion ban-
ners, by the membf r h ntseif, was the ' Union ot
the Whigs for the sake o' the Union " Now, mi,
the motto see&s to be ' Di usirn of the Wt-igs
for the sake of tie Unun.' Ihst division, s¡r, is
unnecessary to the safety of the ÍJnt n 1 believe
the gentleman to oe a true ard stinch Whig
But I cannot say much for ins Wli ■  A scretion.
Some days ago, wtul't aa appropriation having
relation to the Florida war v as under discussion,
the gentleman from Ohio deliveied a speech,
strongly assailing the institution), of the Soma
To htm my colleague [Mr Co per] np'ied The
opinions of the member from Ohio, as then op-
pressed, were wrong—wholly, irredeemably wrong
With them I have no sympathy, but repudiate
them with all my powers of reprobation And, sir,
the propnely of expressing them iitr¡* had also my
unqualified condemnation. My colleague had my
sympathy in the argument he made upon that oeca-
sioa But, sr, not content with assailing aboli-
tion ism, he unnecessarily and most unjustly tra-
velled out of the track of legitimate discussion to
as'ai1 als j the golitical course of his colleagues in
their sunport of Harrison I felt this tobe ex-
ceed nglv unkind. Wh 1st he dented that he in-
ended to ho'd us np as ourselves favoring abolí
t Tii^in, he did labor to make the people of Georgia
believe that we had deceived tht-m into the support
of a party that would favor the opinions of Aboli-
tionists I do not pietend lo quote the gentleman
literally But lam  ure that I represent him in
substance correctly The drift of much of his
speech was to establish the fa'filment of Ihe pro-
phecies he made in ihe last summer's canvass
about a coalition between Southern Whigs and
Northern Abolitionists. To prove that he was
then right, he triumphantly pointed to the speech
of the member from Ohio. Sir, all this and more
was said upon the stump in Georgia We met
these charges there and refuted them The gen-
tleman was then in the field. He threw all the
weight of his character, great, deservedly great, as
it is, into the struggle The cry there was, that the
South was betrayed into a ruinous coalition with
Northern fanatics and Federalists
The people, sir, would not heed the voice of my
honorable fuenl They would rot believe hin
then, they will not believe him now The/ eon-
d mned him and his friends, they "i1) c ndemn
him and tbem again And now, sir, the charge is
renewed The voice of alarm and of warning is
raised anew The same tale is to'd, the same is-
sue is revived—an issue which he seeks to make
a new oie. I understand the gentleman. He
shall make o'new issue hcie, out of an adjudicated
i sue at home He shall, less* of all, place me
and the Whgs of Georgia in afalse position upon
this subjtct Sir, the Win; party is now what it
was then The member from Ohio was here last
winter, his opinions wee then as well known as
they are now There has been no new Abolition
move here, things-are  s they were, jet v hen the
Ohio member spoke, my eo'Ieague proclaims to
all Southern Whigs, "I told you  o " Bit, fir,
worst of all, he mos' ingeniously managed to con-
vey to (he people the impression that we Southern
Representatives were, by on- political pos tion
here, slumbering on our post, and conniving at the
progress of abolitionism He did not say so; but
a stranger in the galleries could infer noth rig else
from ?11 that he did say. Nay, sir, I felt, most
painfully felt, that my colle?gue was very willing
to have our people belieye that he anl the member
from Scnven were the o >ly true representatives of
Georgia upon this floor Southern rights, sir, have
lost nothing by the election of General Han ison.
The gentleman errs in his opinion of the Whigs
They will not sustain Abolm >n principles. He
may quiet his fears and sooth his apprehensive
fe'lmgs. Not even the Whigs will compromit the
rights of Georgia here They are upon the wateh-
towet, and wide awake I wi'l not be judged, nor
^hall the Whig party be judged, by the absurd
movements of the member from Ohio, He may
be a cnterion of judgment fcr my colleague, I
choose one moie in accordance with common sense
and the tctual state of feeling and opinion
here
I «aid, sir Southern rights had lost nothing by the
election of General Harrison. 1 g-> further, and
say thatth y have gamed a great deal. Tnere *s
an auxiliary po-?er noithofth  Potomac, %n «s-e,
which will be, and is niw brought to bear in their
defenee My eolleapue maj ma1 e as much is be
can out of this statement We have tow?r Is us a
better feehns at the North ihpn we have hereto-
fore had The gunhn? mi d of New England is
with us A star ha= risen in t1 e East, the har-
binger of better days and it has healing, I trust, to
the nation in its brilliant beams. As a political
question, th-greatest of the Eastern politicians is
with us And, sir, I am not so straitened m my
actions as to reíase aid extended to us from any
quarter. If left to protect ourselves, we will do it
at the hazard of every consequence, bu' if our in
s'itutions c n be main'atntd by aid from abroad
—from other sections of the Union I mean—
when tendered m the fulness of Amer can patriot-
ism, I can see no possible reason for declin-
ing it.
Now, sir, allow me to say that ray opinion is
that General Harrison will be with tire South upon
this great question. But if, at any time, the party
in power should be against us, I ara thenceforth
again t that party. I will make this the greatest,
deepest, most coat oiling of all other questions.
As to the monies of my colleague, [Mr. Copper,]
I assail not them I will not speak ot his perso-
nal character otnerwise than respectfully, I should
belie my own blood if I md. His political course
is grea'ly antagonistic to mine Of his opinions
and his public acts I speak.
In the speech I had the hsnor to deliver some
days since, I assumed as the bdSis of my argument,
what no one will deny, that the income of the Go-
vernment would fill «hort, during the next year,
at the lowest estimate, eight million dollars Upon
this basis I argued—
1   That the wants of the Government onght to
be supplied by impos s, as preferable to any other
mode of raismg money.
2   Ihat tne dut es ought to be laid under the
provisions of the compromise act of 1833
3    That the arteKs upon which the cu íes
should be laid are the unprotected articles made
dutiable by the compromise itself, such as silk*,
\ lues, and other luxuries.
4.    Ihat suci new duties would not be in
violation of, but m accordance with, the act of
1833.
5.  That revenue should only be raised to sup.
p'y the wants of an economical administration of
the Government.
IncidcHt of these topics, many others were briefly
discussed I disclaimed m any way giving my
countenance to duties for pioteclion; and avowed
my determination to sustain the anti-tatiff princi-
pies, of my own and other Southern States I ex-
posed the opinion, an opinion which I now re-
atfl'm, that those principles are to be kept in-
violate only by a religious adherence to the com-
promise And, sir, one of the reasons, perhaps
the strongest reason ot fll, inducing me to take
the position I did, w as to preserve the compromise,
and to save us from those dangers which I foresee
must attend a revis on of Ihe tariff af er it expires.
Upon *uch principle.), with íuch views, and with
no small degree of zfal for my constituents, I ad-
dressed the committee I ende vored to look at
their interests, and those of the whole country,
with that liberal and enlightened statesmanship
which I do not profess to pos>ess, yet to which I
ardently aspire.
In his reply my colleague [Mr. Black] contro-
verted the propriety of duties on silks, because
they would lesson the consumption of cotton m
France, and thereby injure the South. How far
he established hi  posi un or jostled my own ar-
gument io for others to determine Of his argu-
ment, even should it de nolish my own, I have no
right to complain. Of that I make no complaint
In ihe ab em e of other ground of attack, he as-
sumed that my speech sounded very much to his
ear like a tariff speech Without being able to
lay his finger upon one though', one sentiment, not
to say one position, which gave the least counten-
ance to such an assumption, the honorable mem
ber, t iking conned of his ear, aid not of his
mmd, and doubtless respond ng to an eager de-
sire to cast me off from the csnfidenee of my con-
sutuen's, denounced me, by all fair implication, as
a tariff man. Sir, that confidence has been, as it
ought to have be'n, slow of growth, hard of ac-
quisition, and, whether it be great or small, my col-
league will endeavor in vam to shake it by m-
nuendos, hints, impressions and evil surmises.
He will fail of his object. Tho=e who sent me
bere will require stronger proof that I advocate a
tariff for prokctisn than the gentleman's ingenuity
can extract from my speeci They will see and
read for themselves Did my colleague intend to
teaeh the people that we were laithless also apon
