?FebUij!4iL_
26th Cong.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
• 2nd Sí-bi.
Navy appropriation—Air. Wick.
H. of Reps.
(he tariff, and timt he was ti e sole exponent of
Southern faith and Southern principle? It would
seem so I taithless to the Stale upon whise soil
I was born, and beneath whose sod myself and
my children, if such be the will of Providence, are
destined to sleep ' No, sir, I may, through fa'li-
bility of judgment, mistake her honor or her in-
terest, bat I can luver betray them.
By way of making out a1  strong ? case as possi-
ble, it has been said that we are not only for high
tariff , but go also for the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands And almost every gen-
tleman who has addressed you in opposition to
the policy of raising revenue by imposts has wound
up his alarm harangue by as vivid a presentat on
of the usual bank horrors as a highly stimulated
fancy would permit. So far as I am concerned, it
was indispensable for my colleague, ¡n order to
get up the merest color oi heterodoxy, to travel out
of the record of my speech That unfortunately
for his purposes, was sound—quite orthudox; quite
in accordance with all the canons of the true
church. In the absence therefore of either mis
statements of fact or errors of opinion, he ¿raws
largely upon his imagir-ation—hs'ens for tariff
treachery,and fondly dreams and vamly charges
that his colleague is the advocate of most damnu g
heresies.
Sir, I have opinions upon the great subjscts re-
ferred to, well-matured opinions; and when the
time amvss for acting on tnem, 1 will act and
take no counsel from my colleague. I will neither
consult his hopes nor his fears I can assure him
that no raise clamor that he and others may raise
will draw me from a faithful discharge of present
obligations. I shall not be deterred by the cry of
AbolitioB, tariff, and bank—cries so fruitlessly
raised during the last summer, subserving the pur-
pose of fieightenmg aged women animfantch Wren,
but having no terrors for men. The gentleman
may go sound his alarms m the cursery, perhaps
there they may be available.
What, sir, do you think of that magnammny
which tortures an argument into a construction
which neither its positions nor its terms will bear1!
Or of that liberality which infers the opinions of an
adversary from what he omits to siy lather than
from what he utters1 Which passes sentence upon
'him as to subjects not under discussion by the opi-
nions he pronounces upon those that aie, which
infers every thing and proves nothing, which
constructs a system of the most reprehensive poli
tics, fixes U by artful and illegitimate inferences
•upon him, and then with quite commendable va or
proceeds to us demolition' Such have been the
tactics of my honorab'e colleague He has his bat-
teries to bear upon posinens which have no ex-
istence but in his own brain, His artillery have
let off their impotent volleys upon mere vacuity.
One only position, as I before remarked, did he
controvert, and if that had been ^successfully con-
troverted, not even then would the conclusions he
drew as to my tariff tendencies have been legiti-
mate. The gentleman from New York [Mr Bar-
nabd] proposed that the Committee of Ways and
Means should make inquiry as to the propriety of
raising revenue by duties, asking no protection, and
expressly providing that the duties be laid accord-
ing to the provisions of the compromise act This
was one of the ten signs of the gentleman from
Virginia, portending death to the Republic; and it
was this, next to my own humble demonstrations,
which most excited the ire of my colleague. Now,
sir, it is worthy of remark that nowhere upon the
records of this session is to be found a s ngle pro-
position to to protect. And it is also worthy of re
mark that the proposition of the gentleman from
N«w York is, most of all, guiltless of protection.
Yet, in that proposition, gentlemen affect to see
abominations more abominable than I hose which
are found in the tariff act of 1828 They see in,
it the inception of a most stupendous system of ta
riff robbery. The very able gentleman, no doubt,
as well as his friends, was utterly confoupded to
hear that there was in his j roject infinitely more
than he, in his poor philosophy, ever dreamed of.
Where, said the gentleman, were my colleagues,
that they did not rise and denounce the amendment
of the member from Nsw York?   H>? eolleagaes
were in their seats, guaiding with calm dignity the
rights of the State, and d sregardmg the boisterous
and harmless rebukes of the honorable member.
The question and the manner of propounding it
implied self commendation and censure As to my
colleague's right to commend himielf, I have no-
thing to say—that is a matter of taste, about which,
as we all know, there is no disputing, but I deny
his right to become tne censor oi my conduct.
Who made him a judj-e over those who, to =ay the
least of them, are his equals here' Not the people
of Georgia. The gentleman can choose his own
course of action, but may not choose for others—
ofheis. who think, a id whose cons i uency believe
they iequne no guardian, aad wno, if they b lieved
other-vise, wou'd not select him I say nothing of
the delicacy and respectfulness wh.cn characterized
my colleague'  reply to me. Por me to expect the
courtesy of fair debite from him, w&s to look for a
more special favor than he extends to any That
is not his wont He has undertaken to school the
Whig members from Georgia—to instruct them in
their duties He has complained of their silence;
and, to give a semblance of right to his complaints,
hf> ta'ks about hi? political career being about to
close, and of his early return to the ranko of the
unofficial people He professes to be one cf our
constituent^, whils1 he exercises the prerogative of
a representitive One of those relations, I should
say, 13 quite enough for him at one time. He is ro
constituent of mine, and m that, or any other cha-
racter, I disclaim his instructions I reject his
counsel, and I will nave none of his reproofs
When I have occasion to ask illumination, I will
go elsewhere I will consult the records of the
past, the opinions and characters of departed men
of renown, or living men of living fame I wi'l
consult my own head and my own h«art, but lull
no' consult the honoratye gentleman. No, sir,
never
Mr Chairman, one word Jp certain of my own
political ti tends upon this floor. Wnen opinions,
des gua'ed as State rights opinions, are avowed
heie, gentlemen affict to treat them as mcompie-
hensible, and, it comprehended at all, as objects of
rid'cule Upon tneir faces is seen the smile of de-
rision, and they sometimes sneer at doctrines
which have been he'd and honored by the piealest
m-n of this nation. However some of us may
dissent from ihc abuse and perversion of State
rights, yet we s'lll chensh them Gentlemen seem
to forget that we came into support of General
Harrison avowing these opmions, and they need
n Jt now b" told that, he being elected, we hive not
discarded them Every man has a right to thmk
for himself, and I claim, and will exercise, the pri-
vilege of retaining, mod'fymg, or wholly changing
my opinions As a Harrison man, I concede to
others their opinions, and ask toleration for my
own. If we can act together, well, if not, we may
differ and divide as to any one or more measures,
when called to act, without a total separation.
With perfect respect to the politicians referred to, I
leg ihem to suppress their sneeis and withhold
their deriding smiles
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL
REMARKS OF ^R. WICK,
OF IIvDIOfA,
In the House of Representatives, Fe&tuary 25,1841 —
The Navy Appropna'ion bill being under cons -
deration, and Mr. Saltonsiaix having offered
an   amendment to   augment  the (appropriation
for the increase, repair, armament, and equip-
ment of the Navy, and v ear and teai^ of vessels
in commission, from $1,425,000 to $2 000,000-—
Mr.   WICK sdld   I am a . ie, Mr. Chairman,
that for any ore  to n~e to address the commutee
now, and uadsr the circumstances sturouudmg u ,
is equivalent to a  soit of smci'e     Nevertheless,
and &t the h37ard of becomi'g/f ío de te,  I  have
obtained the floor (as I am willing to admit, to the
prejtid ce of abler m mbers) 'or the purpose of re-
deeming mjself from  an unfounded imputation.
Sir, it nas been said that, although I baye been suf-
ficiently prompt m speaking my  mind elsewhere
ctmcern.ng this assembly and its doings, I save
been somewha bashful and chary here, at the
place where declamaron, accusation, laudation,
exultation, mourning, and lamentation are wont to
be made Here then, sir, at the forum in which
and from whence the nation is understood to think,
feel, ruminate, calculate, guess, reckon, speak, de-
clare, condemn, and demolish, have I risen to give
the reasons why I am disinclined to vote any in-
creased appropriations for the navy, and why, if I
vote tne Treasury estimate therefor, the vote will
be given grudgingly.
I am not inclined against large appropriations
for the navy because my abiding place is in the
Central West, far beyond the reach of hostile
bombarding squadrons Yet, upon this point, I
I must say I have been no little amused at the effort
made, in the course of this debate, to convince
Wcstem members that a navy is peculiarly neces-
sary for the protec'ion of Western commerce. Sir,
th s jest is too bald The great Valley of the Mis-
sissippi has no valuable commerce for the defence
of which a navy is essential. Western products,
for export, are such as the rest of the werld will
only buy when they ate hungry, and will then buy
in spite of war, blockade, and all other obstruc-
tions The world is an eating animal. We pro-
duce the materiel necessary to satisfy the peptic
wants of over-crowded populations in other re-
gions, and of the manufacture!, the planter, and of
the inhabitants ot regions natural.y stenl, or ren-
dered so by improvident culture. And, sir, we
would be better without than with the commerce
for the protection of wh ch a nary is particularly
designed. True, a navy will defend our fisheries
?nd our coast and expomn¿ trades. But its ener-
gies would be specially devoted to ihe protection
of th" trade through which are imported the wines
and silks which debauch taste, a d the gew-gaw
trashery which adorn ihe shelves, the counter, and
strong-box of the Western shop-keeper. And I
am just old-fasnioned enough to imagine that such
a commerce is not, to the West, worth defending;
more, sir, I am heretical enough to honestly be-
lieve that, if such commerce could be neglected—
not unnecessarily indulged xn—for but the space
of three years, the grpat Valley of the Mississippi
wculd not owe the rest of the world a dollar, and
would be the dwelling-place of plenty, peace, hap-
piness, and virtue; th° judicial officer would be th«
arbiter of misunderstandings ms ead of a "mill" to
grind the substance of our yeomanry into money;
the execu ive officer would be a conservator of the
peac°, a terror to evil-doers, instead of an agent
for ihe collectun of debts, and the business of our
State Legislatures woul 1 be to define and provide
guards for individual liberty and right. They
would no longer be, as they now are, the pander*
of miserable schemes oí fénance, begoiten in specu-
lation, "conceived in s-m, and brought forth in,
iniquity "
Sir, we in the West have no local selfish motive
to induce us to favor a navy for the defence of
commerce; and, sir, we need no such motive. We
recognise a navy as the principal bulwark of na-
tional defence, and therefore we will aid the nation
in its ma nten.tnce from patriotism alone. I, for
myself, c nsider a system of land fortifications as
being Utile better than a relic of barbarous ages,
when evry feudal lord fortified his demesne and
manned his castles with his tenantry and retaiters—
when the haman family found a business in offence
and defence—when ihe trade of the world was war.
Sir, if this nation chould ever be agam involved in
war, it will b  tound impossible to defend by forti-
fication every assa látele point. Our coast and
frontier are too extensive for that. We must, with
our navy, meet the enemy upon the gnat deep, and
battle wiih him there. And if he sheu'd succ^d
m eomamin&ttng our soil, by landing hostile le-
gions i,pon oui shoies, we must (because we can-
not anticipate the precise point of h's approach and
fortifv accordingly) fight him from behind hasty
mtrenchments of sand, logs, or cotton bags—and
in default of these, the bosoms of patriots must
become the ramparts of our firesides and homes.
Notwithstanding all these considera ions, I can-
not vete large appropriations for the navy, until
you abolish your miserable scheme of a navy
&oard>   Sir, the board is composed of captains in
