Feb. 1841._________________
«íSth Cong.•••2nd Sess.
time should be fixed that persons might kaow
•when to apply, and that the Senate mtaht have
time to think on the subject. With this view, some
years ago a day was fixed on which these electi' ns
should take place, and thst day was fixed with a
great deal of care; It was not the first Monday of
the session, nor the first Thursday, but the second-
Monday, be that when it might. The Senate went
on the assumption that,Jby fixing the day, it would
become known, and that all persons who wished to
present their names for the office would have an
equal chance. The second Monday was fixed as
the day on which the office should be filled, and
one week was allowed for every Senator to get in
his place; and from the day on which the resolu-
tion was passed to the present time, there had been
no attempt to depart from it. He would not re-
peat what his friends had said; but when the place
became vacant by the death of the late Sergeant-at-
Arm?, they refused to fill it, although they were
then m the majority. But what did they expect?
Why, that no office would be filled under that rule
of the Senate—especially at this Executive session,
when there was no business for such an officer—
before the second Monday of the next session of
Congress, be it extra or otherwise. But while this
was their expectation, and all the advantages
would result entirely to the benefit of gentlemen on
the other side—for it was amongst their friends
that the office would go—while it' was their ex-
pectation that the vacancy would n>t be filled
until the regular time of filling it, they found
notice given on Saturday to proceed on Mon-
day to an election. The day on which the notice
was given, too, was well selected; it was a day en
which it was almost impossible that any large por-
tion of the community that might be interested in
this appointment could become acquainted with
the facts, for it was a day of storm and tempest, on
which but few human beings could move about.
They might, in fact, say tha*, for all purposes of
publicity to the community, ns notice had been
given at all; for the resolution was laid on the ta-
bfe on Saturday, when the weather prevented pub-
licity, and yet Ihey were thpn called upon to go into
an election and violate every reason and every
consideration which had heretofore governed tha
conduct of the Senate. What had this officer to
do, be he whom he may? for he (Mr. Benton)
presumed he was fixed upon—he supposed he was
already elected, so far as ihe substance of the thing
was concerned—the form only being wanted.
What had he to do from this time to the second
Monday of the next session, be it regular or extra?
He had nothing to do, but, like the members of the
Senate, go off to a neighboring State if he lived
thsre, or to attend to his ora business if he lived
in this city. He had nothing to do from this
time until the day for regularly making
the election under the rules of the House.
Why then this haste—this hot haste? Why pre-
cipitate an eleciion under such considerations?
Why violate the rules of the Senate, which had
been adoptíd for their Government under such
circumstances? The amount was small, but it was
something; and as the Senator from Arkansas had
said, whether small or great, it was presisely the
same in principle. When they discovered that
some officers of the Government, such as marshals
and district attorneys had received in faes, as much
as $20,000, $30,000, and, in some cases, $50,800,
which was never intended ur.d^r our form of Go-
vernment, and they wished to ylacc some limita-
tion upon it, the gentlemen on the other side re-
sisted; and, in this cas , they also opposed any at-
tempt to limit expenditures. So that the Senator
from Arkansas was right; be it large or small, the
resistance was the same. Certainly they (the De-
mocratic party) had acted nn a pria-iple which
was a fair one—that of not filling an office when it
was not needed, and when it would give an undue
advantage to persons on the ground, to the disad-
vantage of those who were distant. He thought
  they ought to postpone this re5olutian to the second
Monday of the first session of the 27th Congress;
he would make that motion, and on this question
he called for the ayes and noes.
The ayes and noes wore ordered.
Mr MANGUM read several extracts from the
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Adams.
journal of thp Senate, to show that at the extra
session of 1837, the Senate had elected their Ser-
geant-at-Arms and other officers.
Mr. KING said that what the Senator called an
extra session, was the first session of the' Twenty-
fifth Congress and the ac!ion of the Senate in ihat
instance was right and proper, and strictly in ac-
cordance with what the Democratic Senators now
contended for.
The question was then taken on Mr. Benton's
motion (o postpone the consideration of the resolu-
tion, and it was decided in the negative—ayes 20,
noes 26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Ala.. Cuthbert, Fulton, King, Linn,
MeRoberts, Nicholson, Sevier, Smith, of Conn.,
Surgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Wright,
Woodbury, and Young.—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Berrien, Bates,
Bayard,Clay,ofKy.,Choate,Claylon, Dixon, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, Morehead,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Porter, Preston, Rives,
Sisnmon«, Smith, of Ind., Southard, Tallmadge,
White, and Wood bridge.—26.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. WRIGHT said he had not intended to s>y
a word on this subject, but after what had passed
he desiied now to sav a very few words. He came
into this body in 1833 in a most exciting session
of the Senate, and of the other branch of Con-
gress, as many honorable Senators would well re-
collect; he believed on paper they had then a Sf r-
geant-at-Arms, bat he (Mr. Wright) never saw
him, and he did not believe the man was ever in the
Capitol, from the day on which ha (Mr. Wbigbt)
took his seat until the close of that session of Con-
gress. The duties were discharged by the Door-
keeper, precisely as they have been since the death
of tie late Sergeant-at-Arms. Th'it too wis the
year of the Presidential election, and an Execu-
tive session was held immediately after, bnt he
heard nothing of an elec'ion of officers of the
Senate of any kind; but the Doorkeeper acted on,
and at the commencement of the next annual ses-
sion of Congress the elections were made; his un-
derstanding was, that the Sergeant-at-Arms had
either died or resigned. He mentioned these facts,
for he was a stranger to this body at that time, and
he believed he had never seen an occasion in the
Senate when he supposed there was greater neces-
sity for all its oificfr . Gentlemen would bear him
out when he. said that, day by day, during the short
session, their ga'lenes and lobbies, and not the re-
cesses merely, bnt the floor itself, was filled with
persons who were not members of the Senate, but
who had admission under the rule. It was the
most exciting period in the history of the legisla-
tion of this country that he had ever known; but
no claim was then set up of any necessity for the
appointment of these officers at the cluse of the
session, and especially at the close of a short Execu-
tive session. He spoke in the hearing of gpntlemen
who were members of the body at that tirm-, una
who, if he stated the facts incorrectly, could cor-
rect him; he did not design to do so. Well, what
w-:.s the authority here introduced to juMify
(his proceeding? It was, ths.f on the ne« C«n-
greis beiEg convened in Sf-ptember of 1837,
the two Houses proceeded to elect their offi-
cers. Now, as he had already admitted, a few
days ago, no mat'er when the two Houses
shall be convened for the 27ih Congres=, then
ihey should elect their officers for the Con-
gress, but not at this Executive se'sion of the
Senate. The Senate, for weeks, had sat there
quietly with no Sergeant-at-Arm?, or with one
who did not, perhaps, during the whole session,
appear in the Senate, or not more than once c\
twic?; and if the Senate could go on wilt  its hu-.i-
niss at an exciting period without that officer,
could there be any necessity for him now, wh n
they were convened as an Executive s:s«i.ui? But
pethaps he was departing from the point, for he
had heard no argument in support of the resolu-
tion, only that they should put a man at school to
qualify him fcr the office in time to come. Well,
if that were a necessary duty, that office was to be
much more complicated than he bad yet known it.
H. of Reps.
By their permanent rules they were even without
authority to provide for contingencies by death of
other vacancies, but they had settled the fact that
the election shall bo made—when? A month, two
months, ihree months, in advance of the time when
the officer should enter on his dnties? No: but he"
believed one week afier the Congress had assembled
for which the officer was to be elected. He had ne-
ver known any such construction of the rules of the
Senate, nor was such an idea ever before entertained,
that they should put a man through drill and exer-
cise to make him competent to perform these
duties.
The question was úVn taken, and the resolution
was adopted, ayes 26 noes 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer,Barrow, Berrien,Bates,
Bayard, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Choate, Dixon,
Evans, Henderson, Huntinaton, Ker, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Morehead,. Porter, Preston, Rives,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge,
Woo-lbridge, and White—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, King,
Linn, McRoberts, Nicholson, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wright,
Woodbury, and Young—19.
Mr. MERRICK then rose and said: Mr. Presi-
dent, I nominate Edward Dyer of Washington
city.
Mr. KING. That is unusual; it is out of order;
we m;.ke no nomination-! here.
Several other Senators made similar observa-
tions.
Mr. MERRICK.    I was not aware of that.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for a Ser-
geant-at-Arm i, and the Vies President announced
the result as follows:
Whole number of votes       -       -              46
Of which Edward Dyer received -       -   26
Mr. Dyer was «ecordingly declared duly elected,
and took the oath of office.
_____________________JL
SPEECH OF MR. AD/mS,
OF MASSAOHUSE'ITS, J
In the House of Representatives, Februqiy 4,1841—On
the bill providing lor an issue of Treasury Notes.
The House being in tommitte^e of the Whole
on the state of the Union*, (Mr. Casey of Illinois in
the chair,) on the bill providing for an issue of
Treasury notes; and the question being on the mo-
tion tu s'rike out the enacting ¿lause—
Mr. ADAMS rose and $ai&
Mr. Chairman: Like the .¡pntletnan who has just
tiken his seat, (Mr. J. GarIand,) it had not been
my intention u> address the comtnjttee upon the
bill now before it. It is not now my intention to
enter into all the topics of controversy which háye
been introduced; it is my intention to make only a
few remarks.
In the first place, in reference to this bill: I was
preparíd to vote in favor of it on the first day on
which the chairman of the Committee uf Ways
and Means introduced it. I have been prepared to
vote for it from that day to this—and to vote for
it wit'i as much eipedit.on as is generally bestow-
ed upon a bill n.aking appropriation'"; for the ex-
penditures of this and th:- other House of Congress
—thai usually takes about half an hour in each
House. This is a bill to raise five millions of dol-
lars for ihe purpose of carrying into effect the en.
gagements of the nation—to pay the debts of the
nation—to pay every man o: woman that may have
a just claim upon tha Treasury—and, in voting for
it, I do not at all consider myself as voting for a
grant of money to the Administration. To me it
is a matter of perfect indifference, so far as regards
this bill, who or what the Administration maybe.
I vote to give the nation the means to pay its own
debts; and that, too, without stopping to inquire
how the Treasury has come to be in such a condi-
tion as to r.-qwre thep-sageof this bill and of
other bills of the same kind for which I have voted
constantly. I consider myseif as voting to enable
the President of the United States and the Secreta-
ry of the Treasury to boast, as they have done, that
every demand upon the nation ha; be<-n fully and
faithfully met. The President of the United States
has mads that boast. Whether it has been correct-
ly made or not, is a question into which I will not
