Jan. 1841
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Mams.
SSI
H. of Reps.
of duelling, wlucb, not to misrepresent him, I
will read /rora a report of the remarks wtvch I
found in the National Intelligencer. If they are
not correctly reported, I debire the gentleman to
say so.
Mr. A. then sent to the Clerk's table the follow-
ing report, taken from th* "National Intelligencer,"
and which was read by the Clerk:
Mr Wisa thei rose and said Mr Chairman, 1 do not thmk
I ever will give way, while I have the floor, to another scene
of this sou Tup ant.1 duelling hill is producing its bitter
fruits—it is making this House a mere "bear garden " We
have an example in the present macanee Here, with perrms
eion oC the Chair and committee, and without a call to or
der from any body we se'e and hear one member [Mr.
JohvsonI say to ano her [Mr Uincan] that he had been
branded as a coward on thii fio jr,' ú e other says back that' he is
a liar'" And, sir, there the matter will stop- theie will be
no fight
Mr. Wise.   That is a correct report.
Mr. Adams. It m a correct report? Well, sir,
It was suggested to me by a fr.end of mine that it
was not correct, although my own recollection in-
clined me to the belief that it was. But, however
that may be, the gentleman now vouches that it is
a correct report. I was going to say that I return
htm my cordial thanks for the assertion which he
made to me, and which I do not expect he is about
to recall, (though, if he does, of course I must sub-
mit,) I say that assertion was heard by me with
great pleasure. He said (or words to that effect)
thit there was no member here with whom he
would be more unwilling to quarrel than with me;
and he conveyed this sentiment m complimentary
expressions with regard to my age and experience,
and those things which, he said, entitled me to his
general respect I thank him cordially for ail
this, and I am glad to have an opportunity of as-
suring him that there is no gentleman m this House
with whom I would be more unwilling to quarel
than with him. And I do not intend ever to quar-
rel with htm, whether he thinks proper to quarrel
with me or not. If he intends to do so, that is his
concern. Therefore, I do not mean to do him in-
justice in any shape or form, and I declare that it
is with extrema pain and reluctance that I have
said what I have said, and shall say what I still
have, to say in relation to that gentleman.
He has acknowledged the report of his remarks
on the subject of duelling to be just and true And
what is the inference I draw1 He gave an account
of a very unpleasant scene between two members
on this floor—a painful scene, I suppose, to him
and me—much so to me—and his lameitation in
consequence of it was, that "there would be no
fight." That was one of the "bitter fruits," he
said, "of the duelhcg law."
Mr. Wise here rose and said that he took this
personal reierence as an act of great injustice
The languag  he had u ed was incapable oí such a
construction by any torture, of malice itself, even
from a foe—much less from a gentleman wiih
whom he desired, with wnom it was hts pride, to
bs friendly. I say (continued Mr. W.) that such
a construction cannot be justly put upon my lan-
guage, it is not the meaning I intended. And the
gentleman, whilst in the very act of disclaiming
any intention to do me injustice, is doing me most
violent injustice—an injustice which he is obliged
to go out of his way to do—an irjustice which
cannot possibly be founded in a gojd or friendly
motive of any de'-enpnon. I say so with pain and
regret---------
Mr. Adams. Ths gentleman has given notiGe
in the newspapers to his constituent  that they must
not form their opinion about his course until he
had written out his remarks. He is going to write
them out. I hope, when he does so, he will write
that passage as a part of his speech, and then,
when it goes forth to the *vho'e people of this na-
tion—duellists and non-duBlhsts—I am willing to
leave the construction of what the gentleman at
that time said, to their unbiassed, unsophisticated
sense, and to stand at issue with him on the point.
Let him reply as he pleases—I say it is the fair
construction of his language, that his lamentation
was for the loss of the fight that might have ensued
if the thing had occurred before the passage of the
duelling law.
Mr. Wjse called Mr. Adams to order—insisting
that no more violent insult could be offered to him,
as a gentleman, than this.
[The confusion m the Hall was here so great
that the reporter could not hear more than the
general purport of what was said, but he under-
stood Mr. Wise as saving]—
That if the venerable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts (and he, Mr. W used this term in no
cant senou ne ¡>, but in that sincere respect which
age chould always command) was permitted to
pursue this course of personal insult, after the dis-
claimer he (Mr W ) had made that such was not
his meaning, he would be compelled to use lan-
guage to that gentleman which wag not becoming
the order of this House, and which he would not
u>e if he could avoid it.
The Chairmam said he did not understand the
gentleman irom Massachusetts (Mr. Adams) as
making personal allusions to the gentleman from
Virginia, (Mr. Wi=e.)
Mr. Wise I understand the gentleman as re-
peating as fact that which is unfounded and un-
just—(I apply this language not personally, but
merely as repelling the imputation upon me)—not
to use stronger language—namely, that I meant to
encouraee a fight, or lamented that there would
not be one I denied it, and yet, in the face of
that denial, the gentleman persists in addirg insult to
injury—injury, m the first place, m attributing to me
a meaning which I never had and rn-ult in re-
peating it afVr I had disclaimed it. I call the gen-
tleman to order, and ask for the decision of the
Chair.—[The closing sentence was not heard dis-
tinctly by the Reporter—but it was understood to
be, that if the committee permitted the gentleman
to proceed, and he persisted in this course of re-
mark, he (Mr. W ) would hurl an insult at him
which, if he were not a venerable gentleman, would
have its meaning ]
The Chairman said: Tne Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr.
Adams) as making a persona! reference to the gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. Wise,) but simply as
giving his views of certain remarks made by the
latter gentleman.
Mr. Wise. And the gentleman irom Massa-
chusetts is reiterating the charge that such was my
meaning, after I had disclaimed it.
The Chairman. The Chair did not understand
the gentleman from Massachusetts as saying that
such was the meaning of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, but only as asserting that such was the con-
struction wh ch he put upon the language.
Mr. Wise was understood to ^ay (though very
doubtfully h ard) that he lamented that this House
having, by its law, stopped duelling, did not at the
same time take upon i's lf to provide a remedy by
puttirg a stop to msult Hewou'd not appeal from
the decision of the Chair. The gentleman from
Massachusetts might take his own track—he (Mr.
W.) would take his.
Mr. Adams. I am glad that the gentleman is
willing I ^hou'd take my own track, and if he will
do me the favor not to make three speeches to my
one, he will confer an additional obligation upon
me. He is perfectly at liberty to make what reply
he chooses. He may, if he likes, msult me, as he
threatens that he will. I hav  said I shall no!
quarrel with him. What did he mean by saying
that these were the bitter fruits of the dueliing
law? Was it siach a scene as that which happened
in the House that called forth this expression' No;
such scenes have happened twenty limes before,
when there was no duelling law. The object of
the duelling law was to prevent such scenes—and,
although it has not entirely done so, yet I thank
God that it has produced a good effect; for the g?n-
tleman tmaielf foresaw that there would be no
fight. After what has taken place m this House
already, it would have been a deep aggravation to
my feelings if there had been a fight, and these
gentlemen [Messrs. W. C. Johnson and Duncan]
bad hurt each other. And that which is to the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wr*s] the bitter
fruit of that law is to me its most glorious frtut—
for it has prevented the fight wbieh frequently fol-
lowed similar collisions between rasmbers of this
Hon e. The gentleman was all ready to go out on
a mere excuse for doing so—it would have giren
him great delight if some more Cilley scenes bad
been enacted tn this House.
Mr. Jenifer here rose and called Mr. Adams to
order—at the same time appealing to the Chair to
enforce the rules of the House.
Mr. Andrews rose for a similar purpose.
Mr. Thompson, of South Carolina, said some-
thing, which, amidst the great uproar, the Reporter
could neither hear nor understand.
Mr. Wise hoped ttíe gentleman from Massachu-
setts would not be slopped. Let him go on; let htm
throw out his venom—bitter, malicious, deadly
as it was. If he (Mr. W ) would have an oppor-
tunity to reply, that was all he asked.
Mr. Adams. Certainly the gen tleman shall have
an opportunity to reply to his heart's content. I
stand upon ground which I do not mean to concede
to him. I maintain that the duelling law is one of
the best laws that ever was enacted
Mr Andrews here rose and inquired of the
Chair what was the question. He rose to a point
of order, and he should insist upon a decision.
The Chairman said the debate had taken an ex-
ceedingly wide range; and that the Chairman could
not stop it now, so long as personalities were
avoided.
Mr. Andrews. Does the Chair decide that it is
in order for the gentleman from Massachusetts to
proceed in the manner in which he is now address-
ing the committee?
The Chairman said that, whilst the gentleman
from Massachusetts avoided personalities, the
Chair, looktng to the ran?e of debate which had
hitherto been allowed, could not arrest him.
Mr. Andrews appealed from the decision of the
Chair; but, almost m the sams instant, withdrew
the appeal.
Mr. Adams proceeded. The subject I have now
touched upon >s not so wide and remote from the
subject before the committee as the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Andrews] and the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Jenifer] appear to suppose. lam
going to give to this committee, if I may be permit-
ted, my reasons for not being willing to put myself
under the lead of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wise,] as the representative of the next Ad-
ministration in this House, and among those rea-
sons is his deliberate and oft-repeated opinion that
the practice of duelling ought to be allowed in this
District between the members of this House, and
that the duelling law, in making wh ch I take to
myself the pride of having had an effective instru.
mentality, and which I am bound not to see treated
with contempt, has been productive of fatter fruits.
And this is not the first time that the gentleman has
uttered such sentiments; he has repeatedly before
expressed his opinion about the bitterness of the
fruits of that law. I s,ay, therefore, that I will not
pnt myself under the lead of any professed duellist,
whether he thirsts for blood or not, whether, after
having shot a man through (he heart, he can go on
and shed tears for his fate
Mr. Chinn here rose to a point of order—remark-
ing that the committee might assure itself he would
not withdraw it
The Chairman. The Chair hopes that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] will not
proceed further in this strain of remark.
Mr. W. Cost Johnson wished, he said, to gain
the floor for a moment, if he could.
Mr. Adams.   There is another duellist.
Mr. Johnson proceeded. He said that, as bis
name had been read aloud from the Clerk's table, he
wished te make one remark. He made it lest this
discussion shou'd go further, and take a latitude
which he should himself grieve to be indulged. I
shall only say, that I presume the member to whom
I once made allusion here [Mr. Duncan] has been
satisfied with bis position. I am satisfied with
mine I shall not refer to him again; and I pre.
sume we both consider the account settled and ba-
lanced. Bat I will say that, saving and excepting
that individual, to whom I disclaim making any re-
ference now or hereafter, and saving and excepting
the venerable gentleman from Massachastttt, if any
man, no matter of what party or politics he may
j>e, makes one single indelicate allusion to me,
whether I will or will not pursue this course or
that, he will see what will be the coasea.tte8ce^l 
