Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sís
26thCong-'"2nd Sess.
ceptioa of all petitions coming from the South of
Mason and Dixon's lme. That is now the law of
this Congress If it wag couched in such language—
if, instead of the words m which the twenty-first
rule of this House is expressed, it was in the words
following "Resolved, That ati petitions from the
South ot Mason and Dixon's line shall be reeeived,
and considered, and treated with respect, and that,
of all petitions from the N&th of Mason and Dix-
on's, line, not exceeding oáe m ten shall be received
and considered by this House"—if, I say, it was in
these words, the exact operation of the rule would
be expressed X speak oí matters of ¡act. I have
now in my possession one hundred petitions from
the north of Mason and Dixon's line, and of these
not one in ten will be received And yet whoever
heard of a petition from the south of Mason and
Dixon's line being refused' There has not been
a single instance of the kind. Tnat is the opera-
tion of your rule as it now stand , and, exclusive,
odious, and partial as it is, the gentleman now
wants to extend it further. Under that rule, the
Speaker (who has himself, supported by a majori-
ty of this House, extended it ¿'ready far beyond
what I believe it imported) has decided that if mat-
ter to be excluded under it i , m the same petition,
connected with other matter not tobe excluded, the
petition shall be received for so much as does not
fall within the rule But the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not satisfied with that. He is for exclud
ing every thing that is tainted, accordiag to his
keen scent, with the offence for wh ch other parts
of the petition are to be excluded, if there is even
a scintilla of any thing which he thinks tainted with
Abolition, it is to be excluded And if the House
should think proper to confirm that view, instead
of one petition out often from the north of Mason
and Dixon's line being received, we shall have to
be satisfied wi h the reception of one in twenty
Yes, sir, twenty to one ' because the petitions come
from the north of Mdson and Dixon's line That
is what the gentleman is now struggling for, with
the aid of hi- friend from Georgia, [Mr. Black,]
who has appealed from the decision of the Speaker
—and for whose anti Abolitionism I give him the
due credit—the geographical credit which belongs
to him. Sir, this is the overseer's color. The stan-
dard which the gentleman has raised for the next
Administration consis's of three colors, the first,
black—thai is the overseer's color, the second is
red—that is the duelling color, the third is the
pale dirty white—the white of Nullification—the
pallid, death-like color of Nullification That is the
three-colored standard wh ch the gentleman from
Virginia intends to hoiit when he takes the lead of
the affairs ot the next Administraron in this House.
Now, I do not intend to place myself under that
standard. I am here awaiting the installation of the
next President of the United Sutes. I am waiting
to be informed what his system of Administration
is to be. And I am waiting with the intention and
determination to support that system, whatever it
may be, to the utmost extent of my power, consis-
tently with the duty which I owe to my country,
to my constituents, to myself, and my God The
main principle upon which I intend to proceed i ,
the support of the coming Administration. It is
the princ pie upon which I supported this and the
last Adinmstrat oris I have supperted both of
them in this House, and on very cnMcal occasions
Ataong the rest, on one measu'e which the gentle-
man disclaimed wnh honor I mean in the con-
troversy with South Carolina Nullification I sup-
ported the Administration upon that point I sup-
ported that Administration, at no small hazard to
myself, upon another important occas'on. I have
supported this Administration upon points as to
which I understand the gentleman from Virginia to
have come out with a declaration of war, I mean
upon what is called the bill for suppressing frauds
on the revenue, and the bill which was annexed
to it by the Senate, giving a legislative construc-
tion to some of the existing acts of Congress
in relation to the revenue I do not mean to en
ter into a discussion of those matters now I
had not the good fortune to hear the gentleman's
observations on this subject, although I heard of
them much Probably, if I had not heard so much
of them, I should not have risen now.   Bat I think
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Mams.
of them as of most other things I speak of now, as
premature—not proper for discussion at this time
Í do not mean to discuss them now, but I will say
that, as to the bill for the suppression of frauds on
the revenue, and the other bill wh ch was annexed
to it by the Senate at the last sesión, they were
both Administration measure1!, and that, so far as I
could in this House, or on the Committee on Ma-
nufactures, of which I was then and am now a
member, I was for supporting both those measures,
coming as they did from the Treasury Department,
for the purpose ot making some provision to meet
those difficulties which were occurring from day to
day. I say I «supported taem I introduced the
first of the two b lis here to this House, and I car-
ried it, not only against the opposition of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr Wise,] but against the
opposition of many others, of whom he will not
consider it a disparagement to say that their opi-
nion is worthy of as much consideration as his I
say I carried the bill through this House by a laige
majont), it went to the Senate, and then the Senate
thought proper te add to it another bill, which had
been referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means ot this House, and not to the Committee on
Manufacture , and when in the Senate, it wat re-
ferred to the same committee of that body They
put the two bills together as cne, and win n the bill
came back to this House m this form, I was wil
ling to take ¡t so, as also was the CommiUee on
Manufactures wi h its amendments and the addi-
tional bill to it It was defeated, but not by the
gentleman from Virginia. Mr Robert Jaffray has
told a story as to how it was defeated, whether true
or false, I do not know The gentleman before me
[Mr Holmes] is one of those who opposed the bill
with great ability—manfully, openly—but, so far
as the matter went, unsuccessfully, ard if gentle-
men had not been called away Irani their Cham
pagne dinner, Mr Jaffray seems to think that the
bill might still have parsed. I regret that it did not
pass, for this reason, that although I ac'ed quo ad
hoc as Ihe friend of the Administration, yet 1 did so
under the strong desire of the Administration that
the bill should piss If, therefore, tnere is a charge
of a lurking tariff under it, not to me, but to the
Administration it must be traced I was willing to
support the bill, I am willing to do so now. But
the Committee on Manufactures have not reported
it at the present session, because th«y thought the
discussion of it premature, because the cry of tariff,
tariff, tariff, might be raised against it But my
opinion is, that, as to a tanff, as to any add tion of
duties now, it is incompetent, it is good for nothing,
and when we are to have the battle about the tariff,
I am willing to have it all at oace I do not want
to have the discussion tnow upon inflmg matters,
about five cent pieces Let us have the whole
question at once, and I hope that my friends will
be ready for it, if I am not here, for, at my time of
life, I cannot answer for si* months I do not
know, therefore, whether I shall be here then, or
have any thing to say But whatever I have to
say in reply to the gentleman or any body else, I
shall reserve until that time I will not discuss
the matter now I will simply add that as to the
question of duties, upon silks and wines which has
been discussed h re with so much ferrc ty and with
the loss of so much ammunition—to say nothing
more—I know, as a member of the Committee on
Manufacture', of only one single article to which
that discussion can now refer—I speak of the bill
reported from the Comm ttee on Manu'actures last
year, at the solicitation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, f«>r increasing the lax upon silk" There
is not a word about wines or linen , or any other
articles brought m here The S^c etary of the
Treasury himself, in his annual report of the last
year, mentions tho-e articles upon which duties
might be laid to meet a deficiency m the Treasury,
without affecting the compromise act, and it was in
consequence of that recommendation that the bill
was brought in by the Committee on Manufactures
of this House. I have been willing to meet it here,
but I do not feel at all concerned about it, because
however anxious the present Administration were
last summer to increase the revenue m order to
meet its engagements, I think I can see that they
care nothing wout it now.   They are willing to
H. of Reps.
leave the matter to their successors; they do not
want to put into the Treasury any more money
than will enable them to pay off their obligations
from this time to the third day of March. There-
fore, not being desirous to fight the battles of con-
stituents who do not choose to have their battles
fought, I shall take no pains to bring before the
House either of the bills referred to. But lam
ready to vote upon them, if they should come up.
So m relation to an extra session. The gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Wise] says he will votefor
this bill, and one reason is, to prevent the necessity of
an extra session Why, sir, it seems to me that this is
idle discussion here. It is not we who are to decide
whether there shall be an extra session or not. Not
at all—not at all. I presume the gentleman from
Virginia knows that, in all probability, this bill
will pass, that these five millions of dollars will
be furm-shed Money is all that is wanted at the
Treasury until the third of March, and, as to an
extra session, how can we determine whether it
shall be or not1 Why do we talk about it? It is
for that man who is coming here to discharge those
high duties to which the people of this country have
called him—I say, it is for him to determine, upon
a full view of all things, whether the necessity for
an extra «ession exists or not. I do not want to
forestall him—much less to dictate to him I have
no balance of accounis to settle with him. I owe
him no obligation, he owes me none—certainly
none that I shall ever remind him of m this House.
But it is for him to determine; and I am willing to
leave it to his unbiassed judgment to decide, upon
his own view of the aflairs of the nation, whe-
ther he will call Congress together or not The
responsibility is not upon us, it is sufficient for us
to meet in our places here, if he should call us to-
gether.
And I take the same ground m relation to a distri-
bution of thi proceeds of the sates of the public lands
—to the financial .condition of the States of this
Union—and to a National Bank. Sir, it appears
to me that, when the President of the United States
is installed, at which time this question of a Na-
tional Bank must come before him, he will decide it
with a view to all the interests of this country. How
shall we decide here, if at all? We passed a reso-
lution three or four years since, introduced by the
then chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means—a gentleman not now a member of this
House, [Mr Cambreleng]—declaring that there
ought not to be a National Bank. How long that
state of opinion may last I will not undertake to
say. I do not know. But when the President of the
United States recommends to Congress (if he should
ever do so) the establishment of a National Bank,
then, I thmk, will be the time foi discussing the
question, and not now.
So as to tne State debts. It seem? to me that it
is hardly possible to get up here and speak on any
subject whatever, but what some member rises from
his seat with a cry of horror against the assump
tion of State debts, and many gentlemen have told
you that one reason why they will vele against any
distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands is, because there can be only one mode of
enabling the States to pay their debts. Upon this sub-
ject of the assumption of State debts, there is much
to be said, when the proper time comes. I think I
have demonstrated in this Honse, on a recent oc-
casion, that, under this outcry against the assump-
tion of State debts, the Government ef the United
States has, defacto, assumed a very considerable
amountof State debts, that it had been doneby direct-
ing the Executive Departments to invest funds, not
their own, but trust funds, which were m the hands
of the nation—funds belonging ts others—in State
stocks.
I have, within the week, received a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in which he states
that he is by law obliged to invest a certatn sum
of money now in the Treasury, in S'ate stocks,
unless Congress should adopt the resolution which
I offered here against it. What did you do with that
resolution? Yoa passed the whole series over for
one day, one of the resolutions declared that no
money should be invested in State stocks. But
no. the House would not allow the matter to be
discussed at all; and, therefore, Í have net bsea
