$n
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Skss.
Treasu y Note Bill—Mr. Garland.
H. of Reps.
able t>> relieve the Secre'ar,' of the Treasury from
the obligation to do that wh'ch the law requires ot
him: for the law is peremptory, and says that the
Secretaty shall invest the money. And yet I can-
not get the action of this House on a resolution
■which would not only stop the assumpt on of State
debts, but would prevent this great waste of public
funds for the time to come.
But amongst other things connected with these
very resolutions, what does the official journal, the
organ of the present Administration, do?   It comes 
out with a charge against me as; an enemy to the
rights of the States, and this, too, at  a time when
this feeling of horror against the assumption of
Slate debts, i  prevailing here and elsewhere. Well,
sir, I am not an enemy to the ngbts of the States
Let me say a few words on this matter    Many of
the States of this Union are indebted in large sums
of money, amounting to an aggregate of more than
two hundred millions of dollars    This proceeding
on  the part of the States has been the consequence
of your casting away your duty—to provide for the
internal improvements of this country.   It was the
business of this nation, in this and the other hall,
to pursue a system of internal improvements, and
for the discharge of that duty, the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands aie continually furnishing
means; and in the investment of those means in
that way, would we have spent the money of the
nation profitably, and would have improved and,
increased the value of that portion of the public do-
main which yet remains.   It would have been the
most economical manner of administering   the af-
fairs, of this Government.   It would have  added
ten dollars to the value of every acre of  land   re-
maining, for one spent in improving it    Now it is
gone foiever. There is nothing I regret more. But,
in the mean time, the consequence of your casting
out every idea oí improving the face of the coun-
try forced ths necessity of doing it upon the States
The States were  compelled   to   take  the matter
up, and tbey did so.   In the jear 1817,  when
I   returned from Europe, one of the first men
1 saw was De Witt Clinton,   who,   was   then
Governor of the State of New York, and was car-
rying on that great project of internal improve-
ment which has immortalized his name    One of
the first things he said to me was, "We hope we
shall havs the aid of the General Government."   I
replied, "If I hare the power, you shall have aid
with all my heart and soul "   He sent commission-
er  here the very sesión that followed this inter-
view.   He had been here himself soliciting the aid
of this Government m that great work, that opera-
tion of making Paradise to Sourish in the wilds.
But no, he could not be heard    The State o* New
York was thrown back upon her own resources,
she was able to get along without your as«is'.inre,
and, in consequence, she has contracted a debt of
between eighteen and nineteen millions oi dollars
I have demonstrated on a former occasion, that
vsu  have assumed half & million ot debt ot the
State of Arkansas, and that, by the rule of propor-
tions, New York vas entitled to demand of you an
investment of twenty millions of dollars, that being
the proportion between the population of the State
of Arkansas, as represented here, and the popula-
tion of the Stale of New York.   Pennsylvania,
after being turned out of your doors, and being told
that if she wanted any internal improvements, she
must make them for herself, went to work and did
so.   Other States of the Union have done the same
thing.   And now, m the messages oí the President
of the United States, and in speeches made in both
Houses of Congress, these States are daily re
proached and insulted for increasing debts.   To
hear the way in which the Slates are spoken of
here, one would supposg they were spendthrifts
í nd beggars    They may, some of them, be insol-
vent.    But I take the position which I am confident
I could prove, if I had collected together all the
<¡Dcumentsandthe evidence, that these $200,000,000
Oil the average have been wisely and económica ly
expended, and  that the benefit to the people ol
this na'ion from the expenditure of this money is
greater than if it had not been expended at all.   J
assume as a general principle, which I think can
can be demonstrated, that these State works, al
though many of them have been indiscreet, have
been experiments, an! have n it turned out so well
ps was anticipated and desired, >et, taking the
average of them from the commencement ot the
Erie Canal down to the last internal improvement
which may have occasioned a debt to asy one
State, I say that they have yiplded and will yield
ten per cent, per annum upon their cost; and that
they have added five hundred millions, instead of
two hundred millions, to the property of the States
I say this for the States. And now the "Globe"
may change me to morrow with being an enemy of
the States.    1 am willing     I say that.
In the next place, I say that if these Sta1 s have
been indiscreet, imprudent, have got themselves
into difficulty, and are unable to fulfil their engage-
ments, they have a right to come upon this Union
and demand aid to enable them to discharge their
obligations—to what extent, I will not undertake to
say. But I say they have a right to come and de-
mand aid of the nation. For, what is the alterna-
tive? Supposing they have been íadiscreet—sap-
pssing they are insolvent. What is the conse-
quence? They fail in their engagements—they de-
stroy the character of this nation—its credit through-
out the world—not only their own, but there is not
a State in this Union that can become insolvent or
declare itself unable to pay its debts., but what in-
famy must redound upon the whole nation all over
(the world. What will their creditors abroad say
if one of the S'ates should declare itself bankrupt
or not able to pay its debts? They will pass judg-
ment upon the whole nation, and justly too. It
was your duty to have done that which ha* got
them into difficulty, and they have got into difficuty
from good motives and for good purposes. Of all
these Stale debts, very few of them, if any, are to
be charged as extravagant, wasteful expenditures.
They have all been contracted for internal improve-
ments. I say then, that under the comma Admi-
nistration, this matter of the financial condition of
the States of the Union musí come before this
House in the gravest form, and must come under
the recommendation of the President of the United
States. It is impossible that General Harrison
should take possession of the Presidential chair
without being aware what these debts of the States
arc, and without having some system (though what
it may be I know not) which will govern his Ad-
ministration in regard to it. Will it be by a dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands? I know not Will it be bv raising revenue
from dunes on protected articles? I know not
Whatever plan he may have—(if I should be here
in this House)—a plan which he should consider
practical, and which he chooses to adopt as the
rule of his administration on that point, I will
support it if I possibly can, if I can reconcile it to
any of my views of the Constitution, of law, of
liberty, of the comfort and well being of this peo-
ple, I s-y I will support it, te it what it raay I
have not, therefore, made up my mind on the qnes-
t on of the distribution of the proceed* rf the
sales of the public land—oi upon any other mat-
ters to which I have referred, and which have been
introduced into this debate
Mr. Chairman, I have gone further into this d s-
cussion than I intended. I have been diawn into
it by the effect of the reference I made lo the duel-
ling law. I say now to the chairman of this com-
mittee, ihat whatever appeals have been made to
him on calls to order to arrest ma in my remarks,
I thank him for the manner m which he has sus-
tained and vindicated the right of free debate in
this House on the present occasion. I say that
what I have said has been from motives of pure
public spirit, without any disposition at all to of-
fend any gentisman here, least of all, the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] whose talents I
admire, and who e„publicservices I cheerfully ac-
knowledge. I have felt it to be my duty to say
what I did say, because I believe that the applica-
tion of the pnnciple'of duelling as regards different
portions of this House is such, that the principles
of the gentleman from Virginia must be discarded,
that duelling must be considered as a crime, and
that it must not be coustenanced by professions as
to the existence of any necessity for it    It was my
1 intention simply to state the reasons why I am not
disposed to place myself under the standard of the
gentleman from Virginia, if he should assume it
hereafter as leader of this, House. I thought I «aw
there was a disposition of that kind The gentle-
man professes great friendship for the coming Pre-
sident, but he lays down the principles of his Ad-
ministration, intimating that he would not support
that Administration unless those particular princi-
ples were carried out. Without knowing what the
views of General Harrison are or will be, I was
very confident that the principles thus laid down as
the rules of his Administration would not be those
which the President elect would adopt or practise
upon. And I felt disposed to say that, as the gen-
tleman from Virginia assumes to be the leader of
this House under General Harrison's administra-
tion, I, for one, would noi follow hi? lead, nor that
of any other man professing similar principles. I
have no more to say.
Mr. WISE said, (in reply to Mr. Adams ) Mr.
Chairman, when the gentleman from Massachu-
setts commsneed his remarks, it was obvious to the
House that I was excited. It would be hypocrisy
in me to pretend that I did not feel both anger and
resentment Had the gentleman only gone as far
as I expected—had he made only an ordinary at-
tack—I would have replied to him. But, sir, his
attack has gone so far be)o d the bounds of mode-
ration, courtesy, and order—it has been so unjust,
so unfounded, so personal, so malicious, so little,
so barbarous, so unprovoked— hat, had he been a
man of my own ) ear , I should have sat silent af-
ter the delivery, and not have noticed it in this
House. And, sir, for the reason that he is the very
opposite of a young and vigorous man—that, in
station, he is far above my humble position—-for
the reason that he is the son of a Revolutionary
patriot who wai President of the United States,
and ha  himself been President—that the honor of
my country is involved in his reputation and bis
conduct—that he is a man of venerable age, as I
have before characterized him with perfect respect
—for these reasons my hands are tied, my arms
are bound, and I am deprived of the privilege of
retort
The gentleman is gratified. He has been in-
dulged by the Chair and the Hou«e in making this
attack upon mp, thus tied and thus bound. He has
even thanked the Chair for the indulgence of mak-
ing this attack upon a young man who would not
from self-respect replj—who ought not in turn to
be indulged by the House in replying in the spirit
and in the terms in which the attack itself was
made. If this be a gratification to the gentlemat
himself, I am sure it is no gratification to his friend*
here, and, if his speeci be published as intended, it
will be no gratification to /m fuends elsewhere.
I cannot reply, sir, because I honor and respect
Old Massachusetts too well not in lhi> very in-
stance to repel the imputation cast upon her Repre-
sentatives by the gentleman—that they are con-
stantly insulted and bro  beaten by Southern gen-
tlemen heie, who are represented as base enough to
take advantage of public sentiment at home and
in the North on the subject of duelling' Insult the
venerabV gentleman1—I strike him'—No, no, no.
Sir, I would much sooner strike down the arm
raised to wound hira ' And if this be a vjc'ory for
him, he is welcome to enjoy its fruí s I am at this
moment a happier man ihanhe is.
DEBATE ON THE TREASURY NOTE BILL.
SPEECH OF MR- GARLAND,
OF % IRGINIA.,
Inthe H.we rf Representatives, Fthuary 4, 1841—
On the bill providing  for an issue of Treasury
notes
Mr. GARLAND said- I did not intend, Mr.
Chairman, when this bill first came up for consi-
deration, to have participated in the debate. No-
thing was further from my thoughts or my wishes,
and, but for the range of the debate, and the many
topics of an important character xvhich have been
brought into it, f should now be content to give a
silent vote. I was extremely anxious, from ihe
beginning of the session, to act rather than speak,
so as to dispose of the immense mass of business
under which your table groans; but things have
taken a different course, and I am forced by ex-
