ÍDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL G
S26
ni "ji---------------     .......-1 ■"                                ------------------
26th Cons<.--2nd Ss.ss.
VKginia, the people of the State would more than
refund it to the National Treasury by ihts indirect
system of taxation on their salt, woollens coffee,
&c, I cannot perceive, Mr. Chairman, what pos-
sible benefit can result to the people of Virginia by
thus bestowing to her Government this four mil-
lions of dollars, to be squandered by legislative
prodigality,-and wi hdrawing a larger amount from
ihe pockets of the people to supply its place.
From every view which I have been able to take
t>f this question, I am well convinced that the
present system oí disposing of the public lands, and
the faithful application of the proceeds to the pur-
poses of revenue, is the must beneficial and just
disposition of them which can be made, be-
cause, pro lanío, they relieve the taxation of the
country.
So far as lelates, Mr. Chairman, to the restric-
tion of the fund proposed to be distributed to the
Furposes of education and internal improvements,
have only to remark, that if this land fund be
a residuum after executing the trust created by
the original act of cession, then, ana in that case,
 ue States have as clear and indefeasible a title to
this residuum as they had to the original subject,
and any restriction upon its appropriation would
be incompatible with, and in violation of, their
rights, and could not create upon them the slightest
obligation to regard it. Let it be remembered,
too, that all the expenses of surveying, selling, and
patenting, which are very considerable, are to be
thrown upon the impost duties. For these reasons
upon grounds of expediency, I am opposed to this
system of distribution But while declaring my op-
position to this system, I find it my duty to state
that I am utterly oppoied to its competing schemes
—the reduction of the pnce of the public lands,
and their cession to the Slates in which they he
But, Mr. Chairman, there are other and higher
objections to this scheme of distribution which I
deem it my duty briefly to bring to notice. The
moral influence which it would exert upon the re-
lations between the Federal and State Govern-
ments, and its tendency to make the State Govern-
ments dependent upon, and subservient to, the
Federal Government, are matters to my mind of
the most grave and insuperable objection. This
small beginning of a connection between the re-
venues of the State and Federal Governments, I
fear, would increase as it progressed, and finally
terminate in a permanent and rumous connection
It would prompt the people to forget that they had
State Governments at all, and turn their eyes
entirely to the Federal source for supplies. The
Federal Government would then be the Alpha
and Omega of our whole system, and all the ad-
vantages arising from our Federal compact and the
cherished sovereignty of the States be buried in
its vortex. All moral evil has small beginnings,
but swells as it progresses, until it overwhelms
every thing with which it comes m contact. The
pyramids of Egypt were constructed by piling one
stone upon another, until they reached their present
towering height; so, I fear, will be the operation
of this system oí distribution. One system will be
piled upon another, until fiaally it will assume o
permanency and strength beyond the control or re-
sistance of the States or the people. I have here-
tofore had some little experience on this subject of
distribution. I voted for the act of 1836 distribu-
ting the surplus revenue among the States, referred
to and so strongly reprobated by my friend and
colleague, [Mr. Wise ] When I voted for that
bill, I did so believing it, what it professed to be,
a bill for the deposite of the surplus revenue with
the States, and with entire confidence that the
Statei would redeem the pledges they were re-
quired to give to return those deposites to the
National Treasury under the restrictions and limi-
tations prescribed by the act, whenever required.
Bat what now, sir; is the state of thingsl With
a bankrupt Treasury, the States hold on to these de-
posites, and laugh to scorn the very idea of re-
storing them. I am sometimes humorously asked
by my friends whether I did not know, when I
voted for that bill, that it was intended as a gift of
the surplus revenue to the States? I answer, no; I
was entirely ignorant of it. I had not then
acquired   so much  skill  in parliamentary ma-
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Garland.
nceuvring as to know how to frame a bill with
a constitutional aspect which wa* to operate an
unconstitutional effect. I had not then lea'ned that
the Constitution of my country auhonzad agift
of any part of the public revenue, or any portion
of the public pioperty, to any State, or to the States.
If I had then known what I know now, that that
act would effect what it has effected—an uncon-
stitutional gitt of ¡he then surplus revenue to
the States—I should not have given it my
sanction
But, Mr. Chairman, where do gentlemen find in
the Constitution of the country any authority for
disposing, by gift, of any part of the public re-
venue, or any portion of the public property?
The power to collect revenue is d stinctly given,
and the objects to which it is to be appropriated
explicitly defined, by the Constitution. In the enu-
merated objects for which appropriations maybe
made, there is not a word or a sentence to be
found from which the idea of a power to give can
remotely be deduced, unless, indeed, the words
"general welfare and common defence" can be so
construed as to impart general and unlimited
powers to a 'Government which, from the
whole tenor of the Constitution, was intended to
be limited to the exercise of enumerated and «■peci-
fied powers Apart from these words, there con-
not be found a single expression to favor the
power. There being no constitutional power to
nftke such a distribution, the friends of this policy
have very adroitly laid hold of the acts of cession
from Virginia and other States to ihe Government
of the Confederacy, and very ingeniously attempt
to deduce irom these acts of cession the power to
make distribution of the public lands ceded by them
I will pxamine this proposition very briefly
That part of the act of cession of Virginia, passed
on the 1st day of March, 1784, which is to
determine this question, ia in the following
words-
"That all the lands within the Temtory so ceded to the Uni
ted States, and not reserved loi, or appiopnated to, any of the
before mentioned puipose;  or disposed of in bounties to the
officers and soldiers of the American army shall be consideied
a*a commonfund for the use and benpfit of such of the United
States as have become or shall become membeisof the Con-
federation or federal alliance of the said States, Virginia mclu
sive, accoiaing to their usual lespective portions m the
geneial chaige and expenditure, and shall be faithfully and
bona fide disposed of foi that puipose, and foi no other use or
purpose whatsoevoi '
These words are preceded by several specific ap-
propriations, and are introduced for the express pur-
pose of controlling the appropriations of the sur-
plus of the ceded lands which shall remain after
satisfying these specific appropriations. The sur-
plus thus remaining is, according to the terms of
the act, to be considered a "common fund" for
the Uke of such of the United States, as had become
or should become members of the Confederation
which then existed, Virginia included The words
"common fund" simply mean that these lands
should become the property of the Confederacy for
the use of the Confederacy, and not a joint stock
fund for the use of each of i the States in their in-
dividual character. It is to'be used for the bene-
fit of the Confederacy, and the Confederacy only;
so ab to rehevt the States of the geneial charge and
expenditure to which they are liable for the heavy
debt incurred during the Revolutionary war, and
for the amount of the expenditure to which they
were liable for the support and maintenance of the
Government of the Confiederacy. This is all that
is intended by the act oí cession, and this is the
fair and natural import of the terms employed
When it r  remembered that, at the time of tbe pas-
sage of this act, the Government of the Con-
federacy had no power whatever to collect re-
venue, either by impost, excise, direct taxation, or
otherwise, but had to rely upon requisitions on the
States in proportion to their representation to dis-
charge the heavy debt with which it was burdened
and to meet its annual expenditure , the object of
this cession, and the interpretation of the clause
which I have cited, are too obvious for doubt or
argumentation. The restriction contained in the
clause was simply intended to prevent the local or
partial application of this common fund to the
separate and distinct benefit of any State or portion
of the States. The object was to provide a "com-
mon fund" to rehevej the States from  a common
Feb. 1841
H. of Reps.
charge and pay a common expenditure, and I can-
not well imagine, considering that our Govern-
ment was a m re federal alliance, powerless and
penniless without the aid and support of the States,
how the framers of the act could have employed
more appropriate terms If the framers of the act
had contemplated that there would have remained a
surplus out of this surplus to be appl ed to the in-
dividual and local concerns of the Slates, I feel
very confident that they would have been cautious
enough to make some «pecific provision for such
a result; but their not having done s@ is conclusive
proof to my miad that tney did not design it.
From the passage of the act, through a long series
of years, the Congress of the United States, both
under the Confederacy and the Union, has been
acting under the influence of this interpretation m
appropriating the proceeds of the public lands, and
I see no good reason for reversing it at this late
day. In aid of this view of the subject, I will re-
fer to another fact, which I regard as conclusive
of its correctness The framers of the Constitution,
having this whole subject before them, gave to
Congress the same power over the ceded lands
that they did over all lands which the Government
then held, or might thereafter acquire, and that
was, simply to prescribe proper rules and regula-
tions for their management and disposition. There
is not a word nor a sentiment which indicates that
the framers of the Constitution believed that they
held these lands in trust for the local use and bene-
fit of the States. The power conferred over these
lands is precisely the same conferred over all other
lands, and, if the one can bs distributed, the other
can From these considerations, my mind has
come to the decided c inclusion that the distribution
of the public lands among the States for their local
and private use is not justified upon any principles
ef expediency, nor warranted by the spirit of the
Constitution, and not required by the provisions
of the act of cession There is no more safe,
more jn>t, or more profitable disposition of tbe
public lands tha1? to bring their proceeds into the
public Treasury, and to relieve the people to that
extent from burdensome and oppressive taxa-
tion upon those articles which are necessary to
them.
Bat, Mr. Chairman, notwithstanding my oppo-
sition to distribution, I was not a little surprised to
hear the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Shbpakd] impugn the title of Virginia to ih« ceded
land . After entering into a compact with her, ac-
cepting the cession and executing it according to
its very letter for more than a half a century, I see
no propriety in the Government of the United
States impugning the title by which she holds these
lands. It is a very singular position, that while
we are acting by virtue of this cession, disposing
of these lands and erecting new States in con-
formity wiih its provisions, we are at the same
time denying the title by which we hold them '
Did the gentleman from North Carolina reflect
what effect his argument might have upon the fu-
ture political balance between the North and South,
in another body, if his argument were true? If he
did not, I pray him t© reconsider it.
The next subject which has been introduced
into this discussion is that of a protective tariff. It
is matter of extreme regret to me that a subject of
so much delicacy, and so irritating a charater,
should have been introduced at a time and under
circumstances when there could possible be no ac-
tion upon it, and it is a matter of more rsgret that
any gentlemen on this floor should have mdica ed
a purpose, at a future day, of breaking through
the principles of the compromise act of 1832,
and re-open this fountain of bitter and agitating
wafers.
[Mr. Barnard here asked permission to say a
word by way of explanation. Mr. Garland
yielded the floor for this purpose.
Mr. Barnard then said, in substance, that he
found himself alluded to now, and he had been
frequently before, in the course of debate, as
having proposed and advocated, in his speech on
the bill now before the committee, a protective
tariff, anda high protective tariff. There was en-
tire misapprehension and error here, and ap-
parently  a  growing misapprehension and error,
