Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
S2£
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
Resignation of Mr. Webster.
Senate.
friend from Mass?chusetts, that, from his first ap-
pearance in the Senate down to this day of hi  íe-
gretted resignation, no sentiment had ever been ad-
vanced by him which was not perfectly catholic,
and which did not regard as much the rights of the
South and the great interests of the West as those
of any other portion of the Union: on the contrary,
he had ever been ready alike to defend and main-
tain, in the most determined manner, ihe rights of
every quarter of the country. He bad on all occa-
sions declared it as his sentiment, that the Consti-
tution of the United Sutes conferred upon Congress
no power, directly or md.rectly, to touch the sub-
ject to which he presumed the Senator alluded,
certainly not beyond the limits of the District, and
eren within the D strict, al hough he might be of
opinion that the mere abstract power did ex'=t, yet
he believed as strongly tnat it would be inexpe-
dient to exercise it. On what subject, men, did ihe
South want guarantees as to his. course in a higher
and more extended sphere of action? His eleva
tion to that station was an homage richly due to
him for services and talents unressivedly devo'ed
to the service of the country for twenty or twenty-
five years past. And the present was the first and
only proof which he had ever received of the due
estimation of those services by the offer ot any
office under th* Federal Government; aid he would
here publicly express his full and entire coviction
that there was no subject it. regard to which the
South need indulge apprehension in consequence of
his elevaiion
Mr. CUTHBERT said that the Senator from
Kentucky had made a great deal out of his brief
address to the Senate, having spoken of it as though
he had pursued a course which was a subject ot
poignant regret—as if he had been guilty of some
gross violation of decorum—some unpardonable
outrage on public feeling, but he was not be im-
posed upon by any such affectation
Mr. CLAY. I call that Senator to order, he can-
not be permitted to use such language m app ica-
tion to me.
Mr. CUTHBERT here made some explanation,
unintelligible to the reporter, but which ended witn
the expression, Well, then, we now understand
each other. The Senator says that his friend from
Massachusetts is a Senator of distinguished abili-
ties. I acknowledge it. That thoce abilities have
long and often been exerted here. I acknowledge
it. That his. opinion is of high authority. I ac-
knowledge it. But if he entertains the most he-
retical and abominable opinion m lelation to a
subject which is of the deepest interest to a laige
portion of this country, am I not to dare to demand
from him an explanation? That I must not dare
to speak of a subject of this importance, because it
does not comport with the Senator's notions of de-
corum ' Can any man listen to this with patience?
That the rights ofthe whole people are to be put m
the scales with the Senator'  ideas of delicacy and
decorum? I laugh at it. I spurn at it. The inte-
rests of my constituents shall be defended by me
on all occasions—by God they shall. The gentle-
man does not understand to a sciup'e or a drachm
the heresies which have been maintained by h s
friend, not alway«,by the by, his friend, if I righ'ly
remember. The laurels of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky were won by his ga lant support
of the late war. It was the gloiy of his eloquence,
the fire and splendor of his genius, which inspired
the hearts of his countrymen with an undying de-
termination to resist oppression For that h was
honored then—for that he is honored now—and for
that he evej will be honored. Where his friend
stood on that occasion, I need not rav. But what
is this dsetrine put fonh by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and in regard to which I wisa to inter-
rógale him? It is proved by a document of the
very highest auihonty. I regret I have it not now
to produce, but I «hall have it, and will produce it.
He there asserts u as indisputable th u Co gve ■>
may pass laws to prevent the transfer of s.aves
from one Sia>e or Territory to another'
"Mr. PtiESTOV was understood to say that,
witfcuut recjgmsmg the rignt oí any Setiat r to in-
terrogate him ai to the sentiment* of an absent
friend, and disclaiming any intention to make an
answer for one so abundantly capable of answer-
ing for himself, as was the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, he would say that the circumstance
which he understood to be alluded to by the Sena-
tor irom Georgia was one in which he had himself
had some participation. He had been present at
the time when that honorable Senator made the
declarations having relation to the interests of the
South, of which tue Senator from Georgia com-
plained, and those declarations were, to his (Mr.
Preston's) mind, satisfactory. The doctri' es then
advanced were such as he, as a South rn man,
felt au honzed to sanction, to approve, and, msome
sort, to endorse. He did approve, and did endorse
thani Tne explanations 01 the Senator from Ma*-
sachusetts were made at Alexand, a,m the presence
of many thousand  of Southern g nlltmen, and
they were entirely satisfied His opinio s were
there avowed openly, and he told the assembly that
they should hear of them again; and ihj e very
same sentiments, tpsissimis verbis, were echoed
am^ng the mountains of New Hamp hire, were re-
verberated along ihe indented shores of Massachu-
setts, were proclaimed on the banks of the Hudsi n,
and aga n put for'h in the clearest and most de
cisive language from ¡he Capitol at R'chtnond As
a patriot and a Southern mm, he (Vtr. Preston)
had heard thim wiih great p'easure. Whether
they were the result of any ch^nse in setaiment—
whether they w re the product of any new light,
he i culm asked nor cared, but hai ed th^ra wi h
delight as proceeding from such a man. Wnether
new oi old, if they were Mr WtBSTFa's sentiments
now, as he coald not doubt they were, he was sure
the Senator from Georgia must rejoice wiih h m,
both that they were entertained and had been taus
expressed.
Mr RIVES obtained the floor, but} ielded it at
the earnest lequest c f
Mr. CUTHBERT, who sa d dm h* had changed
the«e heresies, of which he complained, openly on
this floor, upon the Senator from Massachusetts
s rnie years ago, when the position of th?t gentle-
man was not so importantas it had now become, ani
the Senator from Virg nia at that tune joined him
in presswg for an pxplaaation from 'he Senator
from Massachusetts,
Mr. RIVES said he should like to know what
was the purpose of ihe Senator from Georg a in
thus pressing this subject of inquire What was
his object'
Mr CUTHBERT said he would explam. H:s
then repeated the declarat on that, wnen pressing
the charge of these opinions on the Semtor from
Massachusetts, the Senator from Virgima had
united wiih him, and had expressed to the Senator
from Massachusetts his strong disapprobation of
those opim ms.
Mr. RIVES said that the gentleman from Geor-
gia was certainly mistaken lie had a perfect le-
colleclion of thu leading circumstances, and did not
join the gentleman from Georgia, on that occas'on,
in charging the Senator from Massachusetts witn
having promulgated the obnoxious opinion, that it
was competent for Congress to prohibit the trans-
portation of slaves from one S ate to anrther for
sale. He had had no information or  tv "¡ubject
Ail he had heard was from the gentleman from
Georgia himself. That Senator h->d asseued that
the Senator from Massachusetts had, in some docu-
ment adopted by a public meeting m Bvsun, ad-
vanced su h stntirnen s, and tiis \va< all tuat he
knew about tt 'Vh^n that gentleman charged the
fact on Mr. Wfbster, and pressed for an expiar a
tion, he (Ur Rives) had been anxi Us to hear what
reply would be nude, bat did not join the Senator
in making th  charg".
Mr CUTHBERT. I d d not allege that the
Senator from Virginia made the chaiee on his own
knowledge, but I s3.y, and I will evtr repeat, mat
the Seaa'or from Virginia d d, wi h earnestness
and with great ability, press ihat chars; on the S -
n tor from Massac msutta, who, in hisrtply a¿ ve1
thedtctnne, aud ma n a ntd <ni defended it on
the cuiisiiiu i nal power (f 0 nrre^s to regulate
Ct mmeroe between the Sa'ts Í repeat, toat ibe
Senator from Virginia did enier mio ibat deb te,
although I admit iha> he ob'amed .he fae s
from me                                                                  ,
Mr. RIVES.   I had risen to perform anací of j
justice to the Senator from Massachusetts and to
myself, when I yielded the floor to the gentleman
from Georgia. And what is the result of the state-
msnt he has made? Does it msiain his assertion
that I pressed the Senatoi from Massachusetts for
an answer to his inquiry1
Mr. CUTHBERT. I beg the Senator—I beg
the Senator to do me justice. What I said was,
that the gentleman from Virginia did piess on the
Senator from Massachusetts the incorrectness of
those opinion^, supposing him to entertain them.
Mr RIVES Then the whole question, as be-
tween t*>e Senator from Georgia and myself, is im-
material I have not so minute a reculleetion of
all the circumstances as to be aVe to recall every
individual thing wh ch passed, but, fortunately for
the Senatoi ftom Georgia and mjself, we did not
«pe^k to emp<y benches. There must have been
others who heard and who remember what pawed.
I recollect h.ivmg participated in a very interesting
debaie, to which the Senator fiom Massachusetts
ani Other member* of .his body were parties, on
diffi rem topics connected with Southern rights.
On this occasion I renember it was alleged by the
Senator fRm Georgia ihat the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts had advanced the doctune that it was
competent for Congiess to prohibit the transporta-
tion of slaves from one Siate to another for sale,
an I 'hat ne appealed to turn to say whether he had
or not, but he did not recollect whether the Senator
from Massachusetts had admitted or denied having
don^ so
Mr CUTHBERT.   No, no, he did not deny i'.
Mr RIVES. Let not the Senator from Georgia
involve me when be comes forward to make
cnargis against a gentleman who is not here pre-
sent t© defend himself, but, if he advances a
charge, an 1 its tiuih is denied, then tne burden of
proot ceild.ir.ly hes 01 him.
Mr CU PHBERT. I can prove it, and I will.
Mr. R'VES I protest aga.n t the gentleman's
diaw n^ me n to support his accusation in a mat-
ter of woicS I h-ive no knowledge. Now do I
feel it to be due to ¡he eminent public man who has
jast disolved his connexion with this body, and
who has ber n arraigned for his opinions by the Se-
nator from Georgia in a manner which, to say the
le"st, is ratner ill-limed and unprecedented, to state
f. hat have been the declarations of his opinions,
on these same c¡ue<lion<¡, wiihm my own hearing,
H a very recent period Witn that distinguished
gendempn I have differed, and s ill differ, on some
important questions of public policy. But these
diftrences have never pisvemed me from feeling
that his presence here w.n one of the proudest or-
nam-nts of th s Hall, and that his withdrawal from
it wi'l leave an intellectual void which generations
rrusi pa-s avay, in the ordinary course of Provi-
dence to men, before \<e «hall see it filled with his
like again. His talents and his repatafon are the
common properly of his country, and for one I
have ever looked upon then w,th pride as an
American citizen. If my honorab'e friend from
Gtorg.a------
Mr. CUT H3KRT. I hope the Senator will drop
the exprimirá " ricnd."
Mr RIVES. Most cheerfully, if he says so. Ifihe
S°na or from Genraia, men, had l< oked as iBqntsi-
tively into ihe evidence of the opinions of toe Se-
nator irom Missachuset s on this important and
delicate topic, which has been given to the world
during the la>t (our or fve months, as he seems to
have done, nit > those suppo ed to have be n utter-
ed b; him twentj-odd .ears ago in a town meeting
i í B iston, he would have seen what he has said
«nit r circumstances of tne most so'emn and im-
posing character At the city of Ruhmond, in the
mon h of Oc ooer last, on the sacied portico of the
Capitol of Vxigmia, beftre an assemblage of ten
tin u and of her freemen—bereath the 'ight of an
October nn—m the fi-cp of Heaven—ho declared,
in the tno&t «ol«mn mtinner, unier all the response
bil tii s of his character an ' his siation, that it was
his i*ell-set led and unchansrable orinion that
iheie is no power, direct or mdiri ct, in Congress or
ihe General Gnvernrrenl, to interfere, in any man-
ner whatever, m tne slisotest degree, wuh the sab-
j'Ct of >hvery or the institutions of the South. A
declaration so broad, so complete, so unequivocal?
