Feb. 1841-_______________
26th Cong.---2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Resignation of Mr.  Webster.
SSI
Senate.
been copied into the extract. Now there might be
a question whether this paper was or was not au-
thentic; to this he couid say he had compared it
with the memorial presented to the other House,
and he found it exactly to correspond, with the ex-
ception of one word. He now begged that the
Clerk might be suffered to read the document.
The Secretary read it accordingly.
It purported to be a memorial, drawn up by a
committee of which Mr. Webster was a member.
The memorial expre.-sed the opinion that Congress
had the power to prohibit the slave trade between
the States.
Mr. PRESTON remembered well, some years
ago, such sentiments as were there expressed being
attributed to the distinguished Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, now no longer a Senator from that State.
Whether properly attributed, he had nothing more
to rely upon than the common rumor of the news-
papers of the country. But more recently he had
been present when declarations were made by the
gentleman alluded to, which had his hearty appro-
bation. On that occasion he did not stop to inquire
what might have been the opinions of that distin-
guished gentleman on a lormer occasion; it was
sufficient for him that they were now thus and thus,
and it gave him great pleasure then to hear that
those' opinions were to be publicly pronounced.
They were so pronounced at Alexandria, again in
Virginia, and again in Vermont. Those declara-
tions were deliberately made, as he (Mr. Preston)
happened to know, and with a full sense of the
solemnity of the declaration and the pledge, made
for the first time in the presence of a Southern
community; and he, (Mr. Preston,) as a Southern
man, should have considered himself recreant to his
duty if he had not hailed, with bis utmost approba-
tion, declarations from so high a quarter, of the
oorrect policy of this country affecting the interests
of the South. He (Mr. Preston) was not in a
position to regret to see him come over to Southern
principles and Southern interests, and he heartily
rejoiced to hear so powerful a voice advoca'e thi
best and dearest interests of their country. If this
were a change of opinion in the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, it struck him (Mr.
Preston) as evidence of a change of opinion in
the Northern countty in favor of the South, and
of ground to hope for future changes, for, for a
long time past, most unconstitutional doctrines had
been held in the North which had a tendency to be
fatal to the United States, but were especially dele-
terious to the interests of the South, which he re-
presented; and therefore he hailed, enthusiastically
hailed the declaration of these opinions with de-
light. He thought it was a most auspicious event,
and he was glad that he was there present to bring
it about. It may have been a change; he had not
inquired whether it were so or not, but he had
marked a progressing change of late years.
Why, ten years ago gentlemen from the South
were willing to get up and move the abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia;
and gentlemen south of the Potomac, who, he
knew, were prepared to move then in the District
of Columbia, would now shrink from it as danger-
ous and abhorrent to them. Changes were going
on at which he rejoiced. He especially rejoiced to
hear the declarations made at Alexandria by such
a man; he was also rejoiced that the pledge to pro-
claim the opinions then expressed elsewhere, had
been redeemed. He then read an extract from
Mr. Webster's Richmond speech, to show the
opinions which that gentleman now entertained,
and he added that he felt confident the rights and
interests of the South might be safely entrusted to
him.
Mr. CUTHBERT said, after what had been
said it would be difficult to force htm into a dis-
cussion. There was nothing which had been ut-
tered by the Senator from South Carolina which
had not been anticipated by him in his remarks to
the Senate last week. The essence of those re-
marks was perfectly where it was; the remarks
were general in their nature; the expressions were
strong and absolute expressions of a specific doc-
trine; and not only was it true that such specific
doctrines were maintained, but it was also true that
ti y were maintained on the sanction and authori-
ty of the Senator from Massachusetts. Now, if
lhat Senator had infused a virus into the political
veins, it should be iollowcd by ¡he antidote of his
great and high authority. But what authority
that man ought to be entitled to, who de-
clared that the clause of the Constitution
giving power to regulate trade might be used
for the prohibition of trade, he (Mr. Cüthbert)
could not understand. What would be said
by the citizens ol Massachuvetts if Congress, under
the authority to regulate trade, should pievent them
carrying their manufactures to North Carolina, or
to Virginia, or Georgia? Why, it would meet
with their strongest expressions of pity. Well,
then, if the opinions of this same "eminent jurist^
this great constitutional lawyer," had been express-
ed so absurdly, what was to be thought ot either
his head or his heard If the defect were in his
head, what became of all those great eulogies
which they had had of him, and of all that lavish-
ment of praise which they had heard in the course
of the last week? If in his heart—were they feel-
ings of which the people whom the Senator from
South Carolina represented, could approve? But
let him show the Senate the danger of' trusting in
general declarations. At the time of this debate,
in 1837, he thought the Senator from South Caroli-
na would not say the Senator from Massachusetts
had made any expression of that change of opinion
which had since been made, yet at that time he ut-
tered general expressions in relation to the power
of Congress to act on the States, as strong as the
English language could afford. At that time, as
reported in Gales and Seaton's Register of Debates—
"Mr. Webster said he could not perceive the
cause of that warmih which had been exhibited by
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Rives,] while he
was so strenuously exhorting other gentlemen to
keep cool. That Senator could not express more
strongly the want of power in the General Govern-
ment to interfere wi'h slavery in the States than
Mr. W. had often and always done. The
Senator had said, however, thit those only were
interested in this subject who were suffering in
the immediate presence of the evil. This Mr. W.
could not but consider as a great mistake. Mr.
W. though living in a Northern State, and a
State non-slaveholding, felt that evil too, from
the train of consequences which it inevitably drew
after it. He had as deep an interest in the peace
and the preservation of the Union as the Senator
from Virginia."
When he rose it was simply with the intention
of laying the document before ihe Senate which
had been read, and he had no desire to prolong the
discussion respecting the opinions of the Senator
from Massachusetts: all personal intercourse be-
tween htm and that gentleman had ceased for
years, as was known to many; for the course of
that gentleman, it was dear to his mind, was hos.
tile to the interests of the South. His [Mr. Web-
ster's] great ability no one would dispute, but his
great ability gave him a more fatal power to work
mischief. Great talents were given from on high
to be applied to the good of mankind. Intellect!
what is" it unless connected with moral qualities?
What is it without sympathy with mankind, with-
out magnanimity, without a deep sense of what is
due to the people? He is a mere monster of in-
tellect who does not join to it moral qualities.
Whence,then, did the Senator from Kentucky derive
bis topics of praise? Perhaps, however, this was
to cease.
Mr. CLAY hoped the Senator from Georgia
would go on if he had anything to say respecting
htm, (Mr. Cuy.)
Mr. CUTHBEaT. Well, then, with respect to
lhat Senator, it was well known lhat more than one
great crisis had taken place in this country. The
first great crisis was the war with Great Britain;
the next was when the whole country was agitated
on the subject of the tariff. On the first was there
any unity oí action between the two Senators? [Mr.
Clay and Mr. Webster.] And on the second,
when it was compromise or civil war, were they
not equally opposed? Then the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts sternly contended for no compromise.
Good God! at this crisis of my country thou didst
carry her through, and I returned thee my humble
thanks. The third great crisis was this matter of
Abolition. Look at the document presented this
day and its reproduction by the Legislature of
Massachusetts, and at the whole course of the
Senator from Massachusetts, which he had pur-
sued in this Hall. As he had before said, God
had given to certain individuals great talents, but
for them he would demand an account hereafter.
Oh, then, my God! how happy would the Senator
from Massachusetts have been if he had known
how to improve them! He should have had firm-
ness enough to have said, Oh, my countrymen you
have been misled! Oh, my countrymen, if you
ever reposed confidence in my judgment and my
eounsel, abstain from this fatal course!
Mr. CLAY regretted extremely to have been
called out in the manner in which he had been by
the Senator who had just resumed his seat. He
thought with the Senator from Vermont, that this
debate was wholly irregular; nor was there any
necessity to create an occasion for that exhibition of
proof which had been made by the Senator from
Georgia, for in a few days the nomination of the
late Senator from Massachusetts, to a high office,
would be before the Senate, and then the Senator
from Georgia might have presented them to the
Senate. But since there had been an Indulgence
granted by the presiding officer to the Senator from
Georgia, and as he bad thought proper to allude to
certain differences of opinion between the late
Senator from Massachusets and himself, (Mr.
Clay) he asked the indulgence of the Sena'e while
he made a few observations in reply. No error
could be greater than to judge of human nature by
a single quality, or a single opinion. If there must
be a coincidence of opinion, both abstract and
practica!, between any two men before they were
brought together—
Mr. CUTHBERT made some observation which
was not distinctly heard.
Mr. CLAY.    I will not be interrupted.
Mr. CUTHBERT again attempted to be heard.
Mr. CLAY continued, wilh some warmth. I
will not, I cannot, be interrupted. I will not per-
mit an interruption. The practice is much too
commsn; it is not parliamentary; it is too much
tolerated in another place in this Capitol, and I
trust it will not be continued here. He then re-
sumed his remarks, and observed that no error
could be greater than to select a single opinion of
any being, whereby to judge of his whole charac-
ter or of his fitness for office. But what was the
accusation brought by the Senator from Georgia?
Why, there was a provision in the Constitution of
the United States, that Congress shall have power
to regulate commerce with foreign nations and
among the several States, and with ihe Indian
tribes. There was another, which provided that
there should bs no prohibition of the importation
of certain persons therein described, prior to 1808.
It appeared that both had remained to this day
unacted upon, except that relating to the foreign
slave trade. Now, a reference was made by-the
Senator from Georgia to the opinions of the Senator
from Massachusetts in connection with these pro-
visions. That which gives power to regulate
commerce was one about ¡which there was a great
diversity of opinion. His (Mr. Clay's) opinion
was, and he had recently taken occasion to express
it, that the power to regulate did not imply prohi-
bition, but the removal of obstacles. But suppose
it was a case perfectly clear, in which the Senator
from Massachusetts was wrong, was he to be
judgrd by a single error of opinion? With whom,
at this moment, wa^. the S?nator from Georgia
acting? The dis'inguished Senator from Souih
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.] Did, then, the Senator
from Georgia hold to the doctrine of nullification?
Mr. CUTHBERT.   No.
Mr. CLAY. Did the Senator from South Caro-
lina and the Senator from Georgia concur on all
point.*? He asked the pardon of the Senator from
South Carolina for thus referring to him; it was
with no desire to be persona!, but for the sake of
illustration. He again asked if those two Senators
agreed on all points, whether of policy or practice?
No: they were to take human character by the
tout ensemble, by its whole extent, and not by a sin-
gle feature.   Now, to pursue this idea: the honors-
