334____________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                __________Feb. Í841.
26th Cong.- "2nd Sess.                               Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Vanderpoel.                                                 H. of Reps.
demonstrations already made, as we'l as from the
very elemental principles which compose you,
it is manifest, that you are so rotten as to be
scarcely capable of preservauon till inauguration
day. For private reasons, he (Mr. V ) had de-
clined, at the late election, being a candidate again
for Congie«s. He was sure this determination
would, at lean, depuvehim of ihe opportunity of
here witnessing many amusing incidents—many
new and now unexpected somersets The gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr Wist.] had already given
his party fair warning, that if they attempted to
push through some of their measures, fidtlity to which
is regarded by its leading members as the criterion of
the true faith, they would find him ' kicking against
the pricks " Yes, before thf> termination of this
year of our Lord, 1841, the huge majority which
you have promised yourselves on this floor, «ill
manifest too much congeniality with the gentleman
from Virginia not to render it unavailing lor the
great purposes to which j ou look as the trails of
your victory. The South cannot consent to fill the
vacuum occasioned by the abstraction of five mil-
lions of dollars per year in pioceeds of public
lands, by additional duties to that extent upon
imports. Your party rode into power by
false and dec ptive mtans, and, jjot as sure as
that Ihe "wages of sin i> death," so sure is it doom
ed to a speedy dissolution. Our oft reptate i alle-
gation, that General Harrison did n I make known
his opinion' or his principles during the great can-
vas  that preceded his election, has already been
more than verified <md csnfirmed by his 1 lends in
the debate upon the bill. The gentl man from
Virginia [Mr Wise] undertakes to declare the
General's opinions upon great questions, and the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Jenifer] takes
issue with hit , and hazards the conjecture
that they will prove to be the exact reverse.
Now, when the General's most enlightened
friends, and late moat enthusiastic suppoiters,
are constantly con ending in this «ay, aie we
not justified in what we have a thousand tunes
asserted.
Mr V. said it was time that he entered upon a
more detailed review ol the efToits of gentlemen to
prove the existence oí a huge national debt It
seemed to be the design of his colleague [Mr. Bar-
nard] not only to show the existence of a balance,
but a most appalling balance, agamct the Treasury,
and that, too, against the positive testimony of that
fiscal officer whose duty it was to know the truih
oa the subject. If multitudinous statements ot
"probable" amounts—if formidable arrays of figures.
rung through a vast variety ol changes according to
the fancy, instead of ihe facts of gentlemen—if a
pretty free scope to the imagination m so cold a
matter as figures be a legitimate agent m the at-
tempt to obtain a safe result, then it might be that
his colleague [Mr Bahnard] had succeeded 11 his
object. But if figures weie cold, and somewhat
dangerous realities in the hand* of gentlemen ol a
poetical and imaginative temperament—if the esta-
blishing the groundlessness or unfairness of some
of the principal items of a statement were suffi-
cient to impeach the unsoundness of the who'e
statement, then would he (Mr V) be able mo't
triumphantly to "impeach" the accuracy of the
great "impeacher" of me b'creiary of lae 1'reasary,
[Mr. Barnard] I ask n?y col'eague to stand up
and lake with me a cool, practical, and busi íes -
like review of his- sums and statemen s, on the
ground of which he has ventuted to imp-dch a
faithful officer of the Government It was but ju -
tice to his colleague that he should read the state-
ment which wou d foim tbe subject of some of hto
-criticisms and remaiks The following was a copy
extracted from the gentleman's speech, ¡>s reported,
evidently by himself
tUtatemtnt of the public d bt, ¡maided us ascertained and
certain   existing on the 1st January   134'    though   the
amounts may not be e ract
Treasury notes outsian ling                                     $1 650 0P0
Interest which will have accrued on them                    2rOUC0
Remains of oíd funded and ceitificate debt                    33)000
Debls of the cities in the District of Columba   as
sumedby the Government, without inlerest             1,500 000
Amounts required tobe m\ ested fir Indians an 1 In
dian tribes, at least            .                                  2 rf=0 000
Principal sums payable to Indians, probably               1,000,000
Amount required by law to make good the deficit in
the Navy Pension Fund     -         •         •              1,200000
Annuities to Indiana; (supposed to be 8600,000,) pait
payable in perpetuity and part foi terms of yeais,
the pw chase or value of the who'enotlss;, than      5 000 000
Making of actual debt it is believed, not less than   $16,515 000
To thio H to be added probable amounts of ludebt
edne&& and liabilities giowmg out of past tran ac
tions, as follows
For claims gio^msr out of Indian ailairs an] reía
tions allowed and which will be allowed in the
Department or by accounting oflicei-., proba
bly          .                             -           ¡82 000,000
For claims growng out of the Floilda
war <fec and which mu*t be allowed by
Congiess probably                               3000,000
Due fromthe Government on account of
ti ust funds, othei than Indian, piobabiy     500,000
The fourth instalment uudei the deposite
act ot IS36 claimed by the Sta os             9 000,000
There are claims of Amencan citizens foi
liench spoliations on >ur commcice
pieviout, to 1800 quite likely to be al
lowed by Gongrss, to                           5 000 000
'       b      '                               _.-.-----19500000
fro that the whole imouiit of mdcbte Iness ar d Iiablli
ties onaccountofrastua sxction , was on the
1st of January, 1811, piobibly notlooa man          «36015 000
Preliminary to the remarks he intended to sub
mi' upon oiiis of tbe items oí this very extraoidi-
nary statement, it was proper that he should ¡e-
mark—Fust, that he (Mr. V ) was willing to sup
ply the coming Administration a little more libe
lally than was proposed by the bill now under con-
sideration. He was willing to go the length pro-
posed by the gentlemin from Virginia, [Mr. Wise ]
and vote so to amend the bill as to enable the in-
coming AdmirnstraiK n to issue five millions of dol-
lars of Treasury notes after the fourth day of
Mareh next This, m the estimation of the gen-
tleman trom Virginia, and, he had almost said, to
the mind of every reasonable man, mus' seem 2
great abundance to carry the new Administration
through the year, but if the statements, conjec-
tures, and "probable amounts," of his colleague
weie to form the measure ot supply, then would
the sum which the bill proposed to furnish be in-
deed inadequate. A further remark he would here
mike In order to show the insufficiency of the
supplies piopo ed to be furnished for 1811, en ac-
count of charges on tbe Treasury, that arc not
contained in the estimates of the Secretary oí the
Treasury, it was not enough to show that a debt
existed against the nation, but it must be a debt
due, payable, and to be paid wtíhm the year If the
principal of the debt cannot be paid within the
year, it would be preposterous to borrow money,
either in the lorm of issuing Treasury notes or of
a more permanent loan for the purpose of paying
it Contenting himselt with these introductory re-
marks, he would now proceed to the examination
he had proposed.
It would be observed that the items of his state-
ment weie under two head : the one denominated
"ascertained aod certain" amounts, amounting to
$16 515 000, the other were mote modestly desig-
nated as "probable amoonts of indebtedness and
liabilities growing ou  of past transactions," and
were pat down <tt §19,500 000 It would, he fan-
cied, requ re but little time and attention to show
that Ihe honorable member's "certainties" were
just as uncertain as h s more modest 'probabili-
ties." One tcm of his "certainties" was an amount
of % 1,500 000 for the debt of the cities of the Dis-
trict ot Ci lambía, assumed by the Government.
Now d d the gentleman know, or if knowing, why
withhold the information, that this debt is payable
in instalments of only sixty thousand dollars per
year, and ihe m'erest? Yuu could njt pay more
lfjouwoull Had the honorable member, pre -
paia'ory 'o this drcus-ion, read that poition o the
report of toat Secretary, whose estima es he so un-
ceremoniously and orscularly impeached, which
stated that thio debt was to be paid in yearly in-
stalments of $60,000 each, or if he had referred to
the statute book of 1836 he might have ascertain-
ed the true s'ate of this indebtedness. The two
succeeding items, in an argument to show the in
adequacy of the means we propote to fmnuh for
the coming year, are equally extraordinary. The
first is "amounts required to be invested for In-
dians and Indian tribes, at least 12,580,000."
"Principal sums, payable to Indians, probably
#1,000,000." If the gentleman understood the na-
ture and character of this indebtedness to the In-
dians, and the past practice of Government m re-
lation thereto, as he surely must have done, it was
singular indeed that he should have ventured  to
put forth the whole principal of the amount re-
quired to be invested for them, as a charge that
would, practically, fall upon the next year, or even
the next Administration.   This was another in-
stance of the manner in which even honorable
gentleman would strain a point for the purpose of
producing a result desirable to themselves.   He
(Mr B ) must surely have known the origin and
nature of this indebtedness, and the practice of the
Government   respecting it—a  practice so accor-
dant  with the interest and wishes of the  Indians,
for as this   item is not drawn from the reports of
the   Secretary  of the   Treasury,   the  honorable
member,  from the same  source from which he
learned no amount required to be i nvested for In-
dians, must also have ascertained the past practice
of the Government ¡n relation to this indebtedness,
and he would submit it to the sense of candor ot
the committee, whether a brief statement of this
practice ought not to have accompanied a statement
of the sum.   Tne Government, by certain treaties,
had agieed  to  pay and invest for. certain Indian
tribes  various sums of money, amounting in the
aggregate, as was now said, to the sum of $2 580,-
100    Tnese suras  were due and owing to the In-
dians, for lands  sold, or other good and valuable
considerations paismg ftom the Indians to the Go-
vernment     Government had further, if you please,
stipulated to invest these sums fcr the Indians, and
how had it invested them'     Why, by retaining
them in its own hands, recognising itself as debtor
for the amount, and paying the Indians the interest
of the principal amounts so agreed to be invested
Th s had bev it¡, piactice for years, one which the
Indians preferred, hecatse it was suggested by a
regard for their best interest, and had not the prac-
tice been a most commendable one, he was very
sure    it   would   not    have   been  passed   over
in   sil nee  by   the   very   censorious   gentlemen
who had already addressed the committee    Belter,
far better, for the Indians, to retain Ihe liability of
this Government, than that the whole principal
amount should be put in jeopardy by its invest-
ment m securities and stocks, now so generally pre-
carious.   A*k the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]  whether the interest
of the intended benefisianes of that Smithsonian
bequest, for which he had always evinced an in-
terest so intense an1 laudable, had been much ad-
vanced by its investment m Arkansas stock; and
would the interest of the creditor Indians have
been piomoted, if, instead of retaining the money
in hand, and paying the interest punctually, Go-
vernment had invested the amounts in (he stock of
the Bank ol the United States, or in the stocks of
the States themselves—many of them now more
than twenty-five per cent, below pat?   Was the
coming Administration to change this tender, this
guardian policy towards the Indians, and at once
execute  this  trust to the letter, contrary to  the
wishes and  the  interest  of  the Indians?     Paint
and  moderate  a=  were   his   hopes   of good to
be  achieved   by that   Administration, he  could
not believe    that  it   would, m   this   particular,
dare to   deviate from   the   policy of  its prede-
cessors.    Why, then, charge the whole of $2,580,-
000  as  en   amount  due,  and   for   which provi-
«íon will probably have to be made?  Because, with
the casual reader, and  the superficial thinker, it
may serve as an additional arpument in favir of a
called se«s.on    How many, think  you, of those
who have read the statements of   the gentlemen
who hive addressed the committee, have detected,
or been able to detect their fallacies.   They have,
in all probability, produced tne effect for which
* they were designed, for, it is but too true that Etor
generally travels a thousand miles while Truth is
putting on his boots
As to the other item of "principal sums payable
to Indians, probably #1,000,000," put forth with
more modesty, (for, though under the head of "as-
certained and certain" liabilities it is stated as a
mere "probable" sum,) he had but little to say. He
had not, with the most diligent search, and after
the most anxious inquiry in quarters that ought to
be possessed of true information, been able to find
any foundation for tjjis item.  The estimates for
