310
£6th Cong.......2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Fortification Bill—Mr. Hand.
March, 1841.
H. of Reps.
ed. The whole number of- British killed and
wounded was, to ¡he whole number of Americans
engaged, about as one to seven and a half. In the ten
battles fought by about 16,000 regulars alone, the Bri-
tish killed and wounded were to the Americans en-
gaged as one to nine and four-fifths. And m ten
battles fought by about 18,000 militia and volun-
teers alone, the British killed and wounded were to
the Americans engaged as one to five, He spoke
this with no purpose to dishonor our gallant army.
They had excelled the best troops of Europe. Bat
this will be so almost from the na'ure of things.
Their officers are gallant fellow?, but the mode of
firing is different. Beside, the regulars have cer-
tain imperious and systematic duties to perform,
and even the battle ground is often the field where
advantage is sought by scientific military mancou-
vre. On the contrary, the militia are usually cail< d
out to resist invasion, and the whole battle is often
a trial of individual skill by keen and excited
marksmen, making,under favorable circumstances,
awful havoc among troops moving in compact
military order. While engaged, their sole busi-
ness is killing.
But (added Mr. H.) he did not intend to detain
the committee too long, aud should not have spoken
at all, were it not for the deep anxiety he felt for
some defence on the frontier of the district he had
th« honor to represent. He was surprised to hear
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Fo-
reign Affairs, i-ay that in case of a war wuh Eng-
land, the Cañadas would n«t be the theatre of ac-
tion. He thought differently. Every thing tended
to convince hnn to the contrary. After troops have
been transported 3,000 miles, it was very probable,
that in most cases, they would debark in their own
territory, wheie they had a place of repuse, prepara-
tion, and safety. Tiiis was a natural, a'most an
inevitable conscquet.ee, unlets the expedition was
on some particular service. This, at all events,
could hardly be otherwise, in case < fa ruptu,e
within a few years. The troops are already in
Canada, and a strong force there, woald be indis-
pensable.
With thes views, he begged to call the attention
of the committee to the defenceless state of Lake
Champlain. No man could shut his eyes to Us
importance. It has been the beaten track of war
for the last century. Its position is different from
that of any other of our waters. It heads in ihe
heart of our country, crossing the line between the
two nations at right angles, it terminates at a safe
distancs in the enemy's territory. Besides all
this, it is the first naturally feasible route of ingress
upon our people, after entering the St. Lawrence.
Government immediately after the last war, acting
upon recent experience, turned its attention to its
defence, but unfortunately before the line was esta-
blished. The present Secretary of War and the
proper bureau have repeatedly pressed the impor-
tance of this place upon our consideration. Ev.-ry
one coincides in opinion with them. Toe
British, too, know its importance Strong fortifi-
cations command their portion of it, and a canal
opening navigation into it, is nearly cempie'ed by
them. Indeed they had gone so far, and were so
solicitous, as appeared by affidavit.- in his posses-
sion, as to survey the lake in the vicinity of our
contemplated fortifications. He earnestly en-
. treated that this work might not be delayed any
longer; and as it is ^mbraetd in the bill proposed
to be substituted, he hoped that would be done.
One word more, and he was dene. Seme here
have cautioned against a too free expression of sen-
timents, for fear of provoking a wnr before we are
prepared. He deprecated war, so did his consti-
tuents. But he should do them injustice to inti-
mate that they would not boldly denounce all ag-
gression, no matter by whom offered to our country
without reference to the progress of preparation!
Whenever our national honor is insulted, they are'
always ready.
Note —From a statement furnished Mr. It. from the Navy
Commissioners' Office in April, 1840, showing the time it
vfouttl require to tepair, íebuild, &c. our vessels of war, it ap-
pears that 13 vessels, building, could be „ompleieu m the ave-
rage time of I9ti ¿ays, 2t repaired and equipped ready for aea in
the average time 0I68 days, and 6 then id cutnunuHcn at sea in
the average time of 90 days.
By their report in 1811, it appeals that the Commissioner-;
have contracted for timber for 15 ships of the line, 18 frigates, 15
sloops of war, 9 steatosis, and 9 bugs or schooners.
We have thirty-sis vessels in commission. From an English
military periodical, it appears that the British Government
have 194 vessels of war in commission bearing 3,725 guns— 31
of those were m North Ameiica.
Extract lrom list of vessels, &c. of British navy, in same
work:
Name of
Commander.
Capt. Sanborn
1812
1838
Lakes of Canada
(This, if so, must be in direct violation 01 ti,\ity.)
The same work gives tiie armies and navies of Europe-
Great Itrltain
Russia -
France -
Austria *
Prussia -
Holland -
¡Spain
Belgium .
Sweden -
Denmark
Men.
■s!

11
114,000
(itlü
6Gu,l)ÜÜ
,-¡70
33U,UOO
:hki
297,1100
107 000
-1
f
53,000
70 0(10
lb
50,000

10,000
3b',000
7
4
Naples -
Sardinia -
Norway -
Greece •
sUatesofthePope
iianover -
Bavaria -
Saxony -
Wurtemburg
Men.
30 000
30,000
22,000
10,000
9,000
16,70
43,000
12,000
11,000
SPEECH  OF MR. UNDERWOOD,
OF KENTUCKY,
in the House of Repressnlalives, February 20, 1841—
On the bnl mak,ng appropriations lor the Civil
and Diplomatics rvice of the year 1841.
ÍVI. UNDERWOOD said that, the world over,
man Writ, the cictuie of the circumstances by
whith he v.ds surrounded, liis opinions, motives,
and actions, had their onpn ¡>r the animate and 111-
ar.iaiate objects whioh were constantly operating
upon hnn, aft'ccting his senses, and throujh thc-m
his intellectual powers, and thus forming the eha-
lactcr and dir.-ctiiig ihe conduct of life. These
circumstances, secoiding to my observation, said
Mr. U. "define the position" of members in this
body. The impartial spectator, regatding the cir-
cumstances by which mi-rubers are surrounded,
wili perceive their true position more accurately
than by taking it from their own flittering defini-
tions. In viewing th.^ position of members, and
defining 11 for myself, there a resume striking charac-
teristics in the different altitudes pr-.sented by the
Reprcseriiativts of the pi.opie. There is an Atlan-
tic or seaboaid position, wtuch does not harmonize
altogether wiih mine; which i  entirely mjarid or
"backwoods." Thete i.s a city position, which
contrasts very strikingly with the village or country
position, which most of us on this floor occupy.
There is a Northern and a Southern position: and
a listener to the debates in both branches of Con-
gress would almost conclude that our sole business
here was to inform mankind, ay, sir, the whole
univer.-e, exactly where we stood, and how we
stood; 01, in ihe parliamentary language of the
da;', to "Mi fine my posit,on."
I hive no v.tniiy which promps me to believe
ihat the ia:c of my country, that its we.il or wo, is
depender:!, to any giealexteni, upon what I say or
do. Nor :>ai I to humtile as to believe that argu-
ments, based upon popular lights, enforcing the
truth, and demanding jA-tice, will be entirely dtr-
regcnL-d, because they emana'e from one of "my
pis.iH-u." Sir, I claim to be identified in feeling
and in principle with the great mass of the Ameii-
can people. Like that a.ass, 1 was born, to enjoy
or to waste no rich inheritance. My ancestors did
not enable trie, by ¡he fruits of their labor, to spend
a life of criminal idleness, or to devote my time to
literary and scientific pursuits, living at ease upon
a large annual income, or to play the part of the
man of business, wielding a large capital, uncon-
scious of the toil and labor which accumulated it.
Like that mass, I have been compelled, of necessi-
ty, to labor diligently in my vocation for the means
to furnish food, raiment, and shelter for myself and
family. I rejoice in Ihe institutions of my coun-
try. They have enabled me to rise to a seat on
this lloor. They present ?.n open field in which
every citizen may labor to advance his fortunes;
and in which each workingman, no matter what
may be his trade or profession, is sure to obtain, in
the end, a rewaid proportioned to his merit.
"My position," and inclination also, require that
I thould condemn extravagance; that I should at-
tempt to reform abuses, and that I should endea-
vor, by wise laws, to secure peace, safety, and hap-
piness for the people. There are two classes of
politicians: one is always actuated by principles,
the other is always busied in the fortunes of men.
The one goes for the country, the greatest good of
the greatest number; the other goes for the per-
sonal advancement of the members of a party, for
the promotion of a clique greedy for "spoils." In
t':e ranks of the one you may find a high and lofty
patrotism, a generosity and nobleness of purpose,
which comprehends all inteie-ts and every pursuit
by its benevolent and dignified legis'ative action.
In the racks of the other you rr, ay look for low
cunning and sinister manoeuvres to elevate or to
pull down individuals, just as this or that party
object may be accomplished by it. It is in this
class you may expect to find despicable coalitions
for selfish objects. And it is here that you may
look for men devoted to politics more for the love
of the emoluments of office than for the highest
glory of our nature, the satisfaction of doing good
as a public benefactor.
I will never form an alliance with those whose
political life is spent in putting up or putting down
particular individuals for ie fish purposes. I will
never allow, if I can prevent it, that system of re-
wards for political subserviency, and punishment
lor political iudependence, which has prevail-
ed in this country during the last twelve
years. And I intend, with my last political
breath, to demand a reform of those abuses
which enable politicians to seize and appro-
priate to their own use the public property,
or which, under enormous perquisites of office,
furnish means wuh which to undermine and
subvert the institutions of the country, by corrupt-
ing both officeholders and voters. I will partly
co operate with those who think and feel as I do,
to carry into effect what our common principles re-
quiie; but never will I enter a coalition whose chief
objicts is to distiibute the "spoils."
The people of this country, our constituents, do
not intend to have the realities of a monarchy un-
der the name of a republic. The people will not
willingly pay enormous salaries or allow unrea-
sonable perquisites to the officers of Government.
They will cheerfully grant a just compensation for
services rendered, but they will not pay those who
do nothing; nor will they pay those who work such
extravagant wages as to enable them to vie with roy-
alty i'self, in the splendor of their equipages and
expense of luxurious living. It only requires that
the people should be honestly and fully informed of
the extent of any crying abuse 10 secure the appl -
cation of the proper remedy. They may and do
act slowly, but act they will, and efficiently, too, in
the end. I regaid the election of General Harrison
asa manifestation of the efficiency of popular ac-
tion, when the people are convinced that abuses ex-
ist; and if his Administration should not meet
(heir expectatioi s in the work of reform they have
willed, they will act again and again'through the
ballot-box until their will and their interests are
obeyed and respected by thsir agents. The Execu-
tive Government must conlorm to public sentiment,
ascertained by and through the Representatives of
the people; and it was the apprehension that the
Administration of Mr. Van Buren, "following in
the footsteps," set public sentiment at defiance,
and attempted to manufacture itthrough the instru-
mentality of a corrupt press and a subservient
Congress, which mainly produced his recent over-
throw.
The people has not yet completed their work.
By the election of General Harrison they have
placed at the head of the Government a man who
will abstain, I sincerely believe, from the exercise
of arbitrary and disputed powers; as much so as any
man who could have been placed in his high sta-
tion. But the Executive cannot reform existing
abuses which have grown up under the operation
of existing laws, it requires the repealing and re-
forming powers of a Congress to do justice to the
people, to comply with their will, and to satisfy
their expectation. Discreet and judicious action by
this and the other House upon the annual appro-
