342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1841
26th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
riffs, and e!e>ks, can carry on a profitable business
by reduciri" the fee , may we not safely reduce the
fees of Federal officers to  the present  ¡¡Undard of
the States?   Sir, I have heard no one deny that tb 
fees which the laws of Congress allowed were too
high     Gentlemen will not take issue upon   thit
averment     Bat when it is proposed to correct ih 
evil by  introducing  the necessary   provisions  in
this bill, we are told that it is not m order, that, if
we will introduce a separate bill proposing the pro-
per remedy, gentlemen, who are constrained by the
question of order to rppose the introducción of new
subjects into this appropna ion bill, will cheerfully
vote for it     I will in a few words «how that this
qaestion of order constitute-, no barter 10 the pro-
posed reform    In the first place, i> is not the m're-
duction of a new subject, ' )lhm the meaning rf the
50 h rule rf t! e Hotis .   Tb • subject of thi-, bill is
the compensation of ih" civil and diplomatic ofit
cers of Government for tie ye^r 1841, an! v hat-
ever relates to the comoen-atior of any civil or
dip'oma'ie officer, vhct-ier he he expressly referred
to or not by the provision- of tb" bill is germain to
the general -cope and de-ign of ih  bill and there-
fore ought to be admitted tn thesh?re of an amend-
ment.   In the next phce, the - aiute book fur-
nishes many precedents, showing that important
provisions, homing the amount of salaries, and
even legisHtirg on subjects entirely dissimilar, have
been   introduced   nt • the   annual   appropriation
bills    In the appropnati n bill of 1839  for the
civil and diplomatic service, a section  vas intro
duced prohibiting extra pllov anees to  officers of
Government for disburs nsr public  money.    In 'he
army btlloftrnt year, a new subjict  was   ntro
duced, and provision made f r oompensaiing the
owners of hordes loit or cast an-ly a1 sea,  &c     In
the naval bdl of the same yo-ir,  a new subject, in
one sense, was introduced, an 1 provision was made
for building three steam ships     But the hoises n
he one case, and the steam ships m th" other, were
connected with the military and naval service, and
therefore had an appropriate place n these  appro-
priation bills.   The same serf of connection  exists
between the appropriation bill for the civil and
dip'osratie service of any one year, and the salarv
or fees of any officer of thf   Government     In the
light-house bill of 1P33 pro/ision was made fortwo
additional  clerks   in the Fifth Auditor's   office
These precedents, promulgated to the  country in
the statute book, must tatisry the p ople that we
have become over-squeamish to pre erve order if
we now refuse to cut down extravagant allowances
and perquisites upon the ground that it is out  of
order to do it in this bill'
Believing that now is the accepte'd time, and this
the proper place, and from past experience having
no hope that the subject will ever receive conside-
ration separate and apart from the annual appro-
priation bills, I will proceed wnh my list of abuses
which demand correction, and to correct which pro-
per amendments will be offered to this bill indue
season.
The compensation allowed collectors, naval
cfficers, and surveyors of ports, in tbe shape of
official perquisites, exceeds m many mtinres what
is reasonable andju't, and ought *c be limited. As
the most striking case, I shall call tbe attention of
the committee to tbe emoluments of 'he collector
at New York. The investigations of tbe celebrated
Swartwout eomrm'tee ascertained, by proof, that
the collector received annually a profit on ware
houses amounting to about §15,000 His p-ofits
resulting from forfeitures growing out of real or
supposed violations of the revenue laws cannot be
less than $20,000 annually Your laws allow the
collector to seize goods wh-n their owners atter>pi
to evaáe the payment of duties; at>d then permit a
compromise to take place by which a merchant
pays the sum ag'eed on, and his goods are restored
to him. The collector and other port officers are
entitled to share m the compromise money, or m
tbe proceeds of the goods if tbey are condemned
by the judge on trial Ton al ow all this as a sti-
mulus to the cu'tom-house officers to be diligent m
the discharge of their duties, and, m thus stimu-
lating their diligence, you have tempted them, for
the sake of gain, to haras? merchants and embar-
rass commerce, by seizing goods without any just
cause for so doing.   The merchant, sooner than
Fortification Bill—Mr. Hand.
submit to  the   ' IdwS  delav," compromises, and
pays a handsome sum  to get prsiessi n of  his
good-, to get cleai  cf the   lawsuit, and  to get 'he
liberty cf trading fiee from custom-house vexations.
In one case lam informed that the collectc r, naval
officer, and port surveyor, divided among  them-
selves $42,000, in ofh-r words, íeceived §14 000
each fur a compromise upon trie ce zure of goods '
No wonder lhat the district atiorrcy and judge, as
we are informed  by the gertlcman from  Man",
[Mr Evans,] should be engaged in conrt aim >st
from the b"gmn ng to  the en t of the year.    W 
see that it is the  inierest cf the custom house offi-
cers to give tl em enough to d<, an 1  it is  rqua y
the interest rf ihe ai orney lo   mu' ip'y libels upon
each separate paoka' e se vá, inste d of the wl o'e
c reo   V/e ill kmw tbe story of t> e sppua p ijhels
or stills ¡>^"tnst  ea h  box of t a  at Phd d 'phia,
for no other pur¡ ose than  to ire rets    ti-« fee   of
tbe attorney     Í nave seen ihe same thing m  Ken-
tucky     1 on-e knew a 1 the snicti s <f in mscl-
vent shctiff s ed by separate actions np( n 'he offi
c al bou i for a  U-s sim   than  the attorrei's Ue
iax> ii in eacn suit, in con eqnenc"  <f wh eh th"
co-ts fot t o benefit of the 'aw}cr,and cUil's ex-
c. ed<d fh , amount   f the debt  t nt(ld     T-e Lr-
gi Uture  of Kentucky interposed to prevent this
mon ter Avarice ftotn elutting his maw by adding
to the cil?mil es of   the unft rtuni'e    T-tke  th'
enormous wag's from  the at'orn^y, collector, &e
at New York,  limit thtir teteips, and  jou   will
o.t least produce on   good  effect—you  will  sup-
pn s   yex.itinus bt'pition     But le* u    «urn tip tup
d flex nI   I' ras ill lh> account of  the c< II cior's pri -
(¡is, dee I    < ih'  iggregi e re ult  and pas    to    <mt-
hin™eist     The ,icc( ui t Mai d<
Sibr, jer uinom allowed bv law           -    <Í4 000
Pnfi supon   varehimse rents        -           -    15 000
Inci me Irom comprotnjsts and sf i'iir <■  ,u
)<ast     -----   20,000
Anl we have ihe grand aggregate of - £,39,000
B"i^c ifil4 000 nore than we pay to the President
of the United Stdt"s! Truly, sir, the minds of
gentlemen who can toUrate all this are formed
upon a magnificent «cale We shall see by their
vote' vheiher they will place thine leiupls cf tbe
collec or upon the same footing of their own stp-
uom ry, book , and mileage I will not consume
tune by going into the inquiry, how much the ool-
lctors.U Philadelphia, New Orleans, Bo^to", &c
receive No doubt Ihey are very eaiefnl to follow
in trf> ' footsteps" of the collector of New Yoik,
and I will leave each member to furm his own es-
timates of then annual profits
I now como to a subject which I have bid at
heart (or 'Orne yeais. T allude to the enrrmous
emoluments of postmasters With'he able ass <■.
lance of a gentleman from Ma sachnsett-, [Mr
Rfed.j I induced th'a House to adopt a proposition
some two or three years ago top stent what sl.o lltl
be denominated ex onion from the pull c, tin'er
the piolet ce of renong boxes or receptacle- for
letter^ ^nd papers to private individuáis Soth
boxe are indispensable anxilia-jes to t1 e lostmaster,
ird wttht ut diem, in such a CiysN w Yirl- oi
l'a '"d lohn, heccuul not pTform i'," uu es i f
hts office wi h promptitude t > tee pt.b'i-, easp to
hims lf, oi ccontmy to tbeGivu ment. Aoo) sh
such boxe , and instantly it woukl be necessaiy to
nicrea e Hie numbei of c'"rks and as- «tants <o do
'be bus ness But the postmasters in our large
Cities ! ave contrived to make fortunes fer then-
selvc out of their ooxes or p geon holes, by (bar?-
írg ihJ en 70n who pppropr ates one ef t em to
bis exclueiveusetrom one to six doIlirsp r annun .
Some years ago J popo'ed a remedj, which this
House at'op ed, to cure this at use, but it was re-
jected m tbe Senate. We were then 'old that ihe
Posimii'er General had promised to inquire nto
the extsnt of the emoluments derived from box
rent, and if it wab found to b° extra"agant, that he
wou'd leconiinend or apply the proper corrective.
Sir, 5 believe we had 'omethmg like that eommii-
nicattd to us ofhc ally Irom tbe head rf ihe Post
Office Departmen* But that hfs been the la«t ot
it We have no report of the result of the investi-
gation, if any has token plaee; and certainly no re-
medy has been prescribed to cure the evils com-
plained of    I regard the promises herstofore made
H. of Reps,
as part and parcel of the t?ntslzmg sysfm of hol-
low-hearted politicians, who ate eter about to com-
mence tbe reformation of «buses, bat who take
special care never to do it. Their promises are to
delude the people. Their fatlure *o act is for the
benefit of partuan associates who are rating on the
spoils.
I shall present an estimate of tbe pr fits of the
postmaster at New Yt rk, founded on data Ihe cor-
rectness cf which I do not doubt, and leave each
m rober n ca'enla'e for bim elf the effects pro-
duced by the cp rati"n of tbi present syStetu m
ti  ardto bo" rents and bnn'-h pos* effices in oiher
"1 !C3.
Tber^ a-c bent ard rented by Ihe posmaster of
New Yori', occordirg to my information, three
♦bousand boxe His price for each peí 5 ear is
from $4 to £6—say <5 upon an average He h?s
eotibnsh'd <> biauch pest off ce, at wh ch he de
livers daily aof ut ti  o thoucand letters nnd receives
in ex'ra eompensation ot t«o c nts f< r eich letter
-0('eln red, ihn^ securing ti himself an income
of $40 a das His excenses for snp rirtendents,
bouse r< nt, &<• to conduc' the brineh post oflice
emnot ixcecd í,15 tidily The\ may not .imount
'o halt s i much. He may employ, fi r aught I
know, ih  regular e'erks of his rffiee, paid by Gr-
verrmmt, 'o supenntend the branch establishment.
Bat admit *hat he doe> rot, how t'oes the account
of h s (nine emoluments =tand? Here it is
3 000 boxes pt |5 each per annum          -%\h 000
125 per d.iv clear profit of thp br"nch po't
office, i r a • refit p¡r year of     -           .    9 125
H s silary albn.d nnl irritedhylaw     -    2,000
Maktt g an annual rcen «ate income of ^26,125
N< w, s r, wn?t do \v< see from the 'latím'nts I
have piesented, and wh cb no one controverts?
We behold attorre^s, marshes, collectors, &c an-
nually receiving a compensation exceeding, by hun-
dreds and Ibo isands, that which is allowed to the
Presidí nt cf the United States, who receives and
entertams all foreign ministers, members of Con-
gress and o her officers of Government, and distin-
guished citizens from every part of the Republic,
and whose expenses excred those of collectors and
postmasters a, fai -s the dignity of his «¡ta
tion and the ínlel'e-tnal ?nd moral qualities
which he ou^ht to possess to fill it rank above
theirs We see official perquisites placing the offi-
cers of this Republic en a footing with ihose who,
by tho gnndmgexpctionsof despotism, enrich them-
selves by forced contributions from an impoverished
and ons'aved peop e Arbitrary edicls and brute
for-e strip the people, to pamper tbeir masters m
the rotten establishments of ihe O'l World, but
with us we tolerate ind encourage the officer 10
make merchandise cf his office, ard io sell favors to
tbo^e who must of ne<e sity transact business with
him There is 11 these eno-mm s perquisites no
one redeeming c,u 11 ty—no sino e good, even to
tloe «bo receive the non-y, ?nd ten thou<and
evils which thriPtet1 ctesirt cnoi to our institutions.
While it ¡f no b! -sing to any «ni- to teceve more
than be deserves, it is a real ca'amitv to 'hose who
pay it It tempt the one to enter into luxurious
indubious and waste of t"i e, wh ch too often
termimte in destrnct on of c' aricter, whilst these
fiemvthotT tbe nKney is taken are thereby de-
prived of so mi,eh that mig^t le applied to «-atisfy
their r-asonabie w-n*s
But, sir, there ¡>re rsa cms to tear lhat a ptrtion
of these Urce profits are withdrawn frcm the of-
cer ly po'i'ical coercion, to be used fer pany pur-
pises in controlling  elections     Tie ccrem ttee of
nve 'igation in the Swrttwoft ca e ascer atned tbe
fact that the officers in the New York custom hou'e
were compelled to contribute a part of their sala-
ries, under pam rf dismis al, for electioneenrg
purposes. Now, if rar'y impudence and proscrip-
tion did not he«i pte to force from a petty clerk a
contribution of t«n or iwentj dolhrs, may they not
say to tbe collector, you must give all 'he profits of
warehouse ron'*, or 'he whole of tbe emoluments
arming from seizure , to the pa^ty fund, or b° dismis-
ed from effce'? Mav tbey n^t  ey to the posimaster,
■jpu must give tt-e half or the whole of the box
rents, and on doing that ion may retain the profits
arising from your branch post office, and if you
hesitate you must walk out of office and give place
