346
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841
26th Cóü6"--2nd  Sess.
mend to him and his pa*ty other consolation for
tbeir own defeat than preoaging disasters to thoie
who have vanquished them Could he but say,
"I fell in a just cause," as we all know he lotes
poetry, he might have found consolation in the re-
flection that
(<The sweet village maid, when with flowers she chesses
Her dark flowing hair on some festival day,
Shall think of" my "fate, till, nesdecuni  her tresses,
She mournfully turns from her rairioi away "
But alas' I fe^r the gentleman his f?llen in the
cause which will not even secure him the -sympathy
of the log cabin lads and lasses, with whom, in
days "lang syne," according lo h s own account, he
drank new whiskey out of a gouid, and danced
after music made upon thrte strings of a cracked
fiddle.
Sir, it has no1 been lonf since I dreaded the sue
cess of loco ocoism In my gloomiest moments
fancy painted the scene? ot the French revolution,
and located them in this bles ed land. The guillo-
tine, streaming wuh human gore, rose h^e a horri-
ble vision before me, and I saw fiends, m the ga b
and semblance of men, sei7e the h«a:t of the female
victim as it rolled from the block, raise it aloit by
the hair, and teiore the brain had ceased i's ¡unc-
tions, whilst yet a piare ot intellectual perception
and horror shone from the eye and countenance,
spit upon and strike with the fist in the lace, and
shout "Hutrah fir Liberty and Equality " Such
was the conduct of the demon Le Gross to the dis-
severed head of the beautiful Charlotte Cordc It,
in a gloomy moment like ihi , the wi'srl fr m
Ohio had (old his tale, even then I would hate ^iid
for every true Whig whit ibe Highland chut de-
clared for himself—he will fall
"With hii bid to the field anil h    feet t > tli  loe
And ltavm1* m b ittle no 1)1 it on his name
Look proudly to Hcovr-n !r>m thed  tilt b doffame
But,sir, my day, of doubt ?ml di rmy are tve1
It may hereafter, as it ha* done, take a long time to
enlighten the pub ic mm ', bat I <ee m the elet tion
of General Hampón a venficamn what the gieat
s'atesmm sad, "truth is omnip tent, and public
justice c rtaui.' All that a good can e wants is
perseverance. "B essed is he that hi Us out to the
end" And if the Whig parly will <nly execute
their profited principles, relorn abuses, walk
humbly in tic way ot doing goo I, <*<Jv w die mo-
narchical anl austociatic.il pnn lples practised by
their adversaries, cease to follow their mamp'ts,
and rememb r ihat the mam < bject i f Government
is not to cu'lect taxes ¡rom the many lo enneh the
few, that the glory of a nation does not consist m
the wealth and personal grandeu" of rfiice hoi lers,
but in the comfort and independence if a «ni"-
ous, hardy, and intelligent population —in othei
words, let the Whigs re Bounce the doctrines of true
"spoils sysiem,' ai d iheir political p >uer will c< n
tmue whnfct ihc Allegh tnies main tin tan lounda
tiono.
Let the Wh gs give  th   n    i >n   a well  r gn iU d
National Bird     Let t nm aim -d in  C    si lull i ,
and limit  tie  el gioili \   < f t ie  Pi    i h nt   to   m
tetm, pla e iop rtvein ts of   1,   c unf-ycx  Itisiv
ly in the han Is  cf the Repre   n> iiivrs ( f tt e p   >
pie, under h  m  nagrmeni of ,t S etp a \   < t i  e
Treasury chn en by 'hem, mske un P   toff, - D -
panment w! o ly indtp"ndeet e    the £\ cutue,   "-
lieve mfeiior Excentive cfil ■> -. fr, -a  ¡,, cpnH 1(11
of slavery in which tVy are piaren, an t alio v no
arbitnry poll tea! punishments  t>  be  irflotedrn
those who f-ulhfuliy  and honestly di«cha *"■ t > r
offic al d i'ic , render memb'rs cf Coi gress n"ii
gibk to (flues m tV gitt ot   he President for a
limited time a t< i their repre en ative terms expi'e,
give goo I but not extravagant salaries, let the elec-
tion ot Frcsidetit I e national, anj made du ~ctU b/
the pecpe,  wihout the egeney ot electoral c 1
lege , íes,  'ir, It t th    Whigs do the fmn s they
have prom i ed end tne} will, by si doing, perpetu-
ate their power ana  their  principles, and seem,
ble  mg and praise from  a prospeious and con-
tented peoale     If they fail, p< iiirpl pledges  are
mere    mockeries,    Republican    Government,   a
humbug,   provisions  oí   bnie ry, the  rricsi of a
hypocr.t>, and our h pe3  if 1'iim.iti  hb iij, the
ignis fatuus of a benighted world—thp phosphor<s-
cence which lures to d< struction.
Causes oftlif Florida War—Mr.   Gtddings.
SPEECH OF MR. GIDDINGS,
or Ohio,
In the House of Represen'atives ribrua y 0  1841 —
On the proposition of Mr Thimps>m, cf South
Carolina, to appropriate "one hundred thousand
dollars for the removal, subsistence, and benefit
of such of the Seminole Chiefs and v/arr ors as
may surrender for emigra ion."
Mi   Giddings said he rose to congratulate the
country  upon the prospect of brmf ins this unhap-
py war to a close    lam,  (said he,) however,  in
som" degree incredulous as to its  speedy termina-
tion by the means proposed by the gentleman frcm
South Caro ma, (Mr. Thompson )
While I v ould so as far as any member to
bring this war to an immediate clo e, I ihmk it
important that we should carefully cutim," the
causes ihat brought it on, the rea or ef its repeated
renewal and continuation, in order that we may be
able to adopt such measures as will ensur" peace
a' the earlust possible r~o« nt I ih nk the plan
proposed is defective in one particular, and befoie
I take my ;eat, I intend to offer an amendment,
which, in my opinion, will correct the omission
This war has become a subject of deep interest
to the people of the nation. It has continued to oc-
cupy the attention ot the Government and the ef-
forts of ihe army for more than five years Our
eíu>e>-s ai d soldier^ have faben victims to the cli-
mate, and to the hostile tribe wiih whom we have
been contending N"ar forty millions of lb." na-
tional tua ure hive been -wallowed up in ibis
most untorlutia'e contts' Tuc attention of our
people has often ben caled to tit e (acl , wmle
f w, very few, oi th in h.ive been iu'iy informed
•is to the ( n¿inil píc itinj C/ U3f rf th] v*r oi lie
manner in whi h it his bet n ureteed aid coi-
dut led Our army has been dcfi-ited, anil fear
that our national honoi has not jemnnol p'to-
g ther na ara he) "Rumo"-, with her thtmstnl
tingues," hi' whispered ot Itansattions «Inch, i(
real, cught to bekno^n, if not, these rumor sh uld
oe lorever silenced The able speech of Ih  gei*'e
man In m Vermont, over ihe way, [Mr Evra*TT ]
in 1R36 gave iK'tini" idea ot the manner n v-hich
the Indirins with whom we are now contending
were trpated Out own volation of Ine treaty
with them, while werequned a rigid obsei vanee on
their part ol all ts terms, were clearly ?nd ,i ij ex-
press) d by him. it is not my intention tor view
our trea let, wi h iho e indiin , o- to speak ci the
manner m whith those treaties weieeffec ed, or of
the great injustice clone t > the Indians, exeej t «Vie
these sUDjeets have manilctly c inducen to ih*
disastrous wai now under discussion It .s, how
e/er, my pirpose to call ihe att ntion of ihe com
miltee to the causes which led ' i Ihe e bostilitie ,
to that policy v Inch has involved us in tie vast
sacrifice t f life and treisuu-, expen bd in Flott li
(Hiring tne last five > e?rs, ai d to the eff c * wh rh
thi' pn icv has hid upoi ihe ritii inltbe I'to-
r sis ( ine Iree 8 a'ts I a'so p>-t > 1 cimne
ioi a 1 'i irme e , lie ro i n i in 'e urn ¡is \ ir
has b * t n lured, s \h t p ' c t t i ti
eoidiiclit / ur h "h rffic—- oi dove i m rf ii s
btv* tpen -- 'eelnn-sti Hi" p , p i'iP Jr  
Si'^ ^mlipjit ch ni tu rptii In do-
,r ' lis, r m en I  o hst ihe eo sti'nt i ' tv oi
ih t p h / bv I r e | lai i ?nd ft nc1 n i 1 p re -
p es o,, ot r tjriv liiraent to vvbich I mu k ñus ~ 1
yield,! eat lie' i u'gf< i m/cors ituen s andt e
tie  la' a Í, n p u I, unve. h- bonoi ui pre.set,
| as wtllasfir he li'e State "ene.dj, tne mints
an! pr vde^ea 'uto i iiu.k be on, t< it cm, ami
wr cb I tai ik Jjtia d be . cid sa<-n d i y c^erytf
ncerof G teinnent, I^hillrel] tip n no p m-i-
ple that ha not been ftequ mly ass rttd oy ihe
sieve States, aid by octh o tne great pr' ticil pti-
t es. Irdeed, I m'end to as crt no pune pie bit
such as will omitand ihe .i's nt of e/cry i*i mbei
cu thi  flotr.
J hive mac^'he e picnmmary re-ra'ks i orcl r
that ihe cmimttlee mav the better coders at d wiit
I intend to "?y hereafter, and, hiving staled n>y
ptem ses, J WiH enter upon an iw ti   ion c f the
causes which led lo Ihe F or'ds. - ar IWnrp I do
this, however, I will take occasion to say that ibe
lands occup-ed by these Indians formed no induce
ment for us to enter upon this war    General Jesup
H. of Rep«!.
sa s, "tho'-e land  wiuld not pay for the medicines
us a by our troop? while emp'oyed against the In-
dians " Th  Semmole Indian , by Ihe treaty en-
tered into at Payne's Landmg, on the 9th May, A
D. 1832, agreed to emigrate west of the Mississippi
upon^ertain conditions I s,iall not inquire whe-
ther those c mdmons were performed on our part,
or whether the indnns w«re or were not mora ly
bound to the observance of ihis stipulation. Ii is
well known tut they refused to envgrate, and that
such refusal induced General Jdcksen to order the
military force of the Untel Sta'es to Florida to
compel them to emigrate This attempted com
pjlsion brought on the hostihues which sUll con-
tinue The impor ant que-iion now proposed, and
whi h I intend to -inswer, is, Why did tney retuve
to emigrate' The answer, howt ver, may be foand
m E-ecutive docum i 's of the 24th Congress, at us
first sesión, (Hiuse Document No 271, p 8,) in
an c ffici tl )e er of Wiley Thompson, Intban asent,
10   Wm P Duval, Governor ot Florida, dated
Tmuaty 1, 183"!, neir'y a year previous to tae
commencement of hostih' es. Spcskingof theun-
willingness of the Indians to emigrate, General
Thomp on says "Tne principal causes whic h ope-
rate to cherish this feehng hostile to em gration are,
first, the f-ar that their reunion with the Creek',
which will snb|ectthem to ihe go merriment and con-
trol of the Creek national council, will be a sur-
render of a laige n-gro property, now held by thosp
people, to the Creeks, as an antagonist  claimant "
Thus, sn, we have official intelligence that ihe
prmcipii cause of ihe w*tr wa tut. fear cf losing
th s "cogí i prop rty " An 1 wr arc led to mqune
into Ih" hi tory of Ihes  conliic in? clams to tie
"tie lo pioper'j" bttwten th" Crtek) and Semi-
no es
In the Icter ah >\ * quo'e i, General Phompion,
speaking further on the subject, says. "The Creek
claim lo Heroes now in the possession of the S>-
nimoie Indians which is supposed to be the first
c?use ot i oatihty to the emigraticn of the latter
tribe, «¡rows out nt tne treaty of 1821 betwee i Ih 
Unite! States and ihe former." We have now
triced the origin il -nd principal cause of this war,
a guen by the Indi in agent, to the trealy of In-
dian Sn-n , made c n Ih  8th January, 1821 This
is Ihe cfrieial lep Tt ot an a'credittd officer of Go-
icrn- e,nt, >vho had long in.ngle 1 in the councils of
th" Im'nns and who was most familiar wuh their
view , and whose wed, I pres'ime, was, never
cloubtel I will now as'r. the attention of ihe com-
mutee for a mom nt, while I relate some of the
htstoiical fac^ ihat brough' about this treaiy of
1S21
We are all aware ihat Indians frequently
comm t t'espa s"s upon ihe pioperly ct their white
nt i„hbors. In Hn2 C teg- s- pa s el a law by
sehtcn th1 peo >le of G>t ro-i¿t icre e" 1 p^y lor all
stith ire pissfs connn ed suli "qufntly by the
Crtcii In in is f o>n th • puo ic feasure, and the
it.u'U luis pi 1   wi  re tin d  rom the annulled
11  utp°r m "p> s lu->[] Ii i-'nt. By the treaty of
1-°1 'ii t'tiip' «°s maje o obtain for the peo-
j' nf 't i r tt p iv lor si i ves who bad left their
n is is tr 1 ta' en ^ i¡)P ¡ re ■aenre wi h the In-
di i     p it r U ]s.f]o    ij-¡ti agree ment was ob'ained
oin i e .i, cors nin- that the Un.trd Sales
si tid u, to tie people of Georgia the amount
found due th iu ¡or snci loss s prior to 1802, and
rt'rn l „am m tru p 1 ou* ot the tronev due
tor It j <n ft r tne limit sold to die United S a e ,
t rot id d Ihe sum i its foi id due s^-uld not exceed
$250,000 The in i«m.nity sought foi the «Uve-
bol 1 r5 of Georg a by tt is treaty «as for losses
sustimed iwenty jeers p ior to 'h" treaty, and ex-
tendi ¿back an indtfin te p iiod.
Under u is trea y ihe Creek Irdians were com-
pelled to pa> Or sMvtstnat oad left their ma.st rs
oity or fitty yeais prior t; the date of the treaty
Nor w, ie they compelled merely to pay for slaves
that lived or had aken up then residence with ill"
india is, but lb y i-ere changed for the value of the
sla\e wa' i sl oKn ¡0 have lea his master without
pr of t) af hm wne the Indians, or had any ex-
istence n 'h ii eountiy I spcati upon ihe auiho
rity ct Mr Wir', laie Attorney General, as ex
pifssp) m Exfcuive Document No 123, 1st ses
sion aOtn Concrrc s Nor were those abu es unac-
companied wuh others oí equally flagrant charac-
