S50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong...-2nd Rbss.
the promise to the Indians must lie fulfilled   The sum of tw enty
dollars wilt be allowed to them foi each from the public funds
H Lieutenant Searle is chaiged witn the execution of this
order "
This order, tak ng the negrei s "on account of
Govsrnment," bears date on the G b September.
Prom that time they were to be "held subject to
the order of the Secretary of War " On the 7th
October this order of Gen Jesup was approved by
the honorable Secretary of War, as may be seen
by reference to page 43 of the document just quo-
ted. Thus, su, we have official documentary evi-
dence that the people ot this nation, m their national
capacity, became trie "purchasers of human be-
ings " Tne money of cur people, of the freemen
of this nation, was. paid lor the purchase of
slaves.
This fund, most of it collected in the free S ales,
and coming fiom the hard earning1; of free whites,
was appropriated for the p ucease ot i-d an slaves,
and of those who had sought fr<edoia am d the
swamps and everg'auei Oi Fionda, whils our ¡nest
viial interests at the North are abandoned, and ei en
the implements necessary to c?rry on our lar or
improvement's ha/e beensoU, and the money thus
obtained p actd in ti>e common fuad, and, p^ihaps
paid foi ir-e purchase ofttiese -laves at the South
I hear it saw, in an tint er tone near n e, that the
parchase of these fugitive sUves was jus i/iab'e and
correct. I may diiler wah gentlemen as to the jus-
tice or honor ot ib.it proceeding, but 1 cannot en-
ter into that subject at this time I would merely
say, if the slaveholders wish to have then staves
repurchased, I desire thsm to furnish the iui ds,
Mr. Chairman, and not thiuat then hands into the
pockets oi your corvtituents andm ne to obtain the
money to pay for them.
[Mi. Buck of Georgia dtsired to be informed
whethei the member from Ohio alluced to the ci-
tizens oí Georgia?]
Mr Qiddinos resumed I deny the right of
membeia to ínterrup' me for the pulpóse oí inquir
ltig whether I dllut o to them, or to nen coimiiu
ents. It the garment dot-i cot fit them, why to
they attempt to force it on? I allude to tne fact,
that money is and has been collected in the ¡ree
Stales, and u^ed to buy up the fugitive slaves of
the South, while our most impor ant interest of the
North are abandoned
I see gentlemen here who are tremulou 1} sensi-
tive it the word tariff, or haroor, cr manufacture,
is but mentioned, and I should like to compare the
benefits to the nation, arising horn the foity mil 
lions expended in the Florida war, vith the bene
fits of the thirteen millions expended throughout the
United States fo haibor purpo'es-, but 1 have not
time to do it now
I was speaking upon the subicctof r<.taking fu-
gitive slaves; and 1 think it due to the people of
the nation that tn?y should be inlonned ol the n>si-
duous manner in which our uoops pursued the l u-
sinet^ ot catohing slaves
In a letter, djtfd at Tampa Bay, 25th, May,
1837, directed to L'eutenant Colonel Harney, Ge-
neral Jfsu,3 sajs "If you see Powell (Oceola) tell
him 1 shall send out and take all the negiot s who
belong to tne white people. Ani he must not al-
low the Indian negr ea to mix with them. Tell
him I am sending to Cuba for bloodnotnt's to trail
them, and I intend to hang every one oí them who
do:? not comen "
If the negroes, who appear to hive conttol ed
the Indians, had quietly suffered the n elves to be
trailed with b ood íound^, or to be hanged foi their
love of libert}, they would have well deserved to
beslaves. Another important piece of mtellgeice
we have here aLo The expenditure of $5,000 for
bloodhiunds in Cuba was not, as has been sup-
posed, for thepurpi.se ot trail ng Indian  In this
letter we have ltoffictally announced ihatthe} wtre
sent for and obtained for the purpose of catching
fugitive a aves 1 desire the people of this naiion
to unders aid J sine ly hat they aie taxed fo>- the"
purpose of maintumng and su¡ porting slavery m
the slave staits, that ihe>r ueasure has Lxen apore.-
pnated diiec ly and publ cly to that purpose, tiat
our army—many of-whose officsis and soldiers
•were bred in the free States-, and in the )o e ot li-
berty—has b"en emplojed, by ord r of the Com-
manding General, in puisumg and cpp'unr.g iugi
Causes of the Florida War—Mr. Giddings,
live slaves Nor is that all. The freemen of the
North are taxed for the purpose of bu>mg blood-
hounds to act m concert vvith our army, in this de-
grading and disgust ng warfare.
The taking of fugitive slaves is regarded, by
Norihtrn people, as a most ignominious emp'o/
ment, so much so, that scarcely a man can be
found who will do it publicly. Yet, it seems that
our miliary officers in Florida were openly en-
gaged m it.
I will now call the attentiou of this committee to
that portion of General Jesup's order which fastens
vpi n the pe p'e o! th j nation the character of
slaveholders and the purchasers of slaves, by which
this nation, boasUngof its 1 berty and its rega'd for
equal rights, became a ' dealer n human flesh " I
refer to that portion of t ie orcer which declares
the slavis to be "i„iten en account of Ge/ernment
and held tüj'ct to ihe o.der of the S ereiary of
War ' Oi the 24 h Septtmb r, 1837, General
Je up w« e the Coiimissioner of ladian Affairs-,
saymg, "file Seminole negroes are now ai! the pro-
perty tf 'he public I have promised Abraham
th  freedom rf bisfanilj if he prove failh ul to u«,
and I shal1 e >ta nlyhaoj^hini if he be not iaihful "
Mr Chpirman, I thi i * the people of mv distnct
will be slow to admi1 that Gen Je^up possessed
the conslitcttonal power, or right, to mike them
sa\eholders Some ot th/m, I am sure, will dis
claim all title to these slaves, and, like Gen. Tay-
lor, will icfuse 'o have aay concern or connection
with this trai saction They will, I am confident,
deny the- nphtof Ceneral Jcsup, or of tie honora-
ble Se^retaiy of Wai, to pay out their m ney for
the purchase of slaves Nor do 1 beliese th y will
admit the justice or honor of se ling the ireedom of
a man's family for tne purchase of his fid 1 % as
promis d by Gen Jesup to Abraham If I under-
stand the tetter referred to, this Abraham was ta-
ken i .to the setv ce of Govs'nm^nt for the put prse
of fcliF  as a pilot to 1 ad our men to the habita-
tuns of other Hacks, for the purpose of eiptunng
more Slav-sand In bans. If he proved taitbful to
our troops and a traitor to 1 is own kindred and
friends, then h s ujte and children—the objects of
his affec'iun—were to have their freedom, but i he
refused to betray lis own people, he wss to be
hanged, and his family enslaved fair, I know not
how other ^fntlemen new Ihis transaction, but I
am fue to i'ec'are thai it doe  not oimport with
my own viewo of honor and justice
Bui, sn, where aie those slaws? Are they sit
at lbcriv, or have they been sold into slaveiy"2
The pn chase was cert inly i very extiaordmaiy
transaction, and one that will exutc inquny. The
¡►laves ie lamed atFoitPike for many months
And, it I had tune, I would read to the committee
a curious eorre->pondence reacting their being era
plowed in s ith n anner as- to earn their living, and
ihe hi e, oat I will not detain the comrai tee for
that purpese
The manner in which they were finally to be
di nosed ot seems to have created some uneasiness
with the Commiss oner of Indian Affairs In a
letter addressed to the acting Secretary of War,
dated May 1, 1838, speaking of the purchase of
these slaves, he says "I would respectiully suggest
whe'her there are not omer objections to the pur-
chase of ih se negrcesby theUn^edStates. It seems
to me t ^at a pr position to Cmgiess to appropriate
money to pay for them and then .renspoitation to
Afr ca, cotila i's authority for that course be ob-
lan ed, or for pny otier disposition of tnem,
would occasion gict snd extensive excite-
ment. Suei a re'aticn p=sumed by the United
S'ate-i, for however lauoalle an object, would, it
appears, place the eoumry in no enviable attitude,
esp^ciílly rtthis juncture, v.nen tie public mmd,
1 ere .md ei ewheie, 'S so iensitive u^on the subject
ot sla t ry."
Sir, I fully a?'ee with 11" Com iii«ioner oi
Indian Affairs This puichase of siaves by Gen
Jesop, a id sanctioned by the honoiable Secretary
of War, has placed t^e cout try in no enviable at-
titude, it has tarnished oux naaonal honor, and
deeply wounoed the feelings of the North But
this suggestion, as to the propriety of the purchase,
was made on the 1st of May, 1833, ana, on the
24'h September previous,   Gen.   Jesup,   writing
H. of Reps.
Capt B L, Bonneville, commanding the Choctaw
wamots, says. "In addition to their pay as sol-
diers, they (the Choctaws) will have all the Semi-
nole property they capture. And those Indians
(ih° Seminóles) are rich in horses and negroes.
Tne Creek warriors received between fourteen and
fifteen thousand dollars for their captures." Yet it
seems that, some eight months after the date of this
let er, showing that the Creek warriors had then re-
ceived th-ir pay, the propriety of the purchase
was doubted. I think, however, that the Commis-
sioi er of Indian Affairs had good reason to sup-
pose that some excitement might arise from this
transa üon, b> which you and I, and our constitu-
en>s, as a portion ot the people of this nation, be-
came '¡slaveholders," and purchasers of our fellow
men.
At pag<* 74 of the document last c ted is a list of
these Serai i >}e regrtes, who were sent to Tampa
Bay, ofter being received a^ ' public property," by
ord r of General Jejup, at the price of eight thou-
sand dollars     The lut contains the name, age, sex,
and description of each person     I should like to
present it tJ the people of taefiee States, as a sam-
ple of the manner in which ihe s'aie trade is car-
ried on under color ot this Florida ws , but, as the
list is ot great length, I beg leave  to give an ex-
t"<ct only     It is in the fol'owing form-
Name               Ago                Sex                 Remarks
iim,                5 yeats,         Male,          Son of Elsy
Molly,             3 year ,         Female,      Daughter of Elsy
Judy,                1 yoai,            Female,       Daughter of Elsy
This short extract contains the names of three
children, apparently of one famdy, and all less
| than six years of age These children were pur-
cnased by our offiojrs as "public property" Sir,
whit di our peopl  of the free States, or of the
civil 2-d world, think of this kind of ' Government
ctiilttlsl" I have no doubt tnat on"y a Northern
lad, will írqnite for the mother oí tho e children.
This ques'ion I canrot answer. I find in the list
the name of Elsi, aged twenty years, sai 1 to be
the daughter of Fanny I should judge that she
Wis no 'he mo hei of tie cnildren, but such may
b- the case. Ian led w believe that bo h father
and mother escape 1 the fangs of the bloo'hounds
and the slave catchers
But the question recurs, where are those slaves?
| I have, for more than a month, had a resolution
j lyin^ in my drawer, calling on the Secetary of
' War for information respecting them, but to this
hour I hate have had no oppor unity of offering it
in the regular cours  of business, and I fel no
hopes of succe-s by offering it at any other time
It may not have been observed by many members
that in thJ la t session of the late Congress a peti-
tion was prsseniei to this House from a Mr.
Watson, in wmdi he sla es that, in May, 1837, he
purchased these same negroes, captured by the
Cre< k warriors, of their agent, and paid for them
$14,600, and hegives pretty good evidence to sus-
tain his statement This occured in May, 1838,
while the order of General Jesup receiving them
as public property was in September previous; and
the confirm?tion of tha' order was on the 7th 0„to-
bei, prior to the ttm*" of WatsonS apparent pur-
chase Geneial Jesup's letter to Colt nel Warren,
saying th?1 tne«e wprnors had received between
$14 008 and §15 000, bea s date on the 17th of
Ojober, prior io Watson'  supposed purchase It
Will be horn > m mmd that these are official docu-
mente, finsmiited at th° time of their dates
Th°re i  also a curious coincidence m regard to
p ice General Jesup said, in October, 1837, that
these wi-nors had then received ' between fourteen
and fifteen thousand dollars " And Watson says,
ind give-; good evidence to prove that he paid to
tr «e same wairiors $14 600 in May following.
Now, if t<-ese Indians got twice paid for those
slave's, they were more fortunate in slave trading
thin tney ever were many oth"r traira'tion with the
\ hite peop'f. £noth"r singular circumstance I
willmentun On the 1st of May, the Comous-
smrer ot liman Affairs sjggrsted to the Secretary
oí War that for the Unite i States to assume the
reia'.on of slaveholders might create extensive ex-
ci'emcn', piiticularly as the public mmd here
and elsewhere was so sensitive on the subject of
slavery, while Watson's bill of sa'e bears date only
eight days af'erwards.   On the  9th of May, the
