352
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
6th Contg.. ..2nd Skss.
General Appropriation Bill—Mr. Stanly.
H. ef lieps.
lives, their 1 berty, and their domestic relations,
and for that purpose I bave prepared an amend-
ment, which I now send to the Chair.
REMARKS OF MR. STANLY,
OF NORTH CAROLINA
In the Home of Bepiesentahves, Februmy 18, 1841 —
InCommitteee of the Whole on the Mate oí the
Union on the General Appropriation bill.
Mr. Chairman I presume the Ml under discus-
sion will admit of some latitude of débale I am
anxious, sir, to avail myself of this opportunity of
making known my opinions upen some important
subjects which have b en discussed during the pre-
sent session.
i do not Wish to violate the rules of order I
hope, when the present paity hall cease; (o ru'e,
we shall have rules of order better observed than
they have hitherto been  But, whils others have
been allowed to indulge m a wide range, I must, m
justice to myself and the cause I espouse, fo'low
their examp'e. That, I may be allowed to do so)
I makea motion to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill.   This opens a wider field.
I wish, Mr. Chairman, to say a word or two re-
lative tp the taritf, yes, sir, the tariff—a word w hich
causes fcertainf Southern gentlemen gunerally to
s'art from th$r seats with affee'ed dismay, as if
they beheld lome spirit bring "blasts from heil,"
which were to desolate their counliy.
It will be remembered ihat, on the 19th day of
January last, I snbmitted the following as an
amendmert which I would effer to the Tieasu-
ry note bill Here is the amendment m my
hand-
"Jamiarv 10 1£N1 —Ordeied to be punted
'Mr Stanm submitted the íul t wing winch he v.itl when m
ordei move as amendments to the bill 'lo authorize the lsstt
mgofTieisury ni tes '
Be It enacted by the Senate arid Home of Riprewnlat v?s
of/he United Stu et, jJAmenta in Congic-s assembled J. bat
ftom and aftei the ■------- tidy oí—— on the lmntrtttion ot
ámelos heieafter mentioned Ihete shall he levied, collected,
and paid, the following duties, that is to ■-ay
"Oh all mtnufactuies ot silk ot ol whith silk shall bo a
component part, coming Irom be; on Uhe ( 1} e ol Good Hope,
twenty per cent ad valorem
"On all m-iiiulaolurcs ol silk ot of which snk shall 1 ea cm
ponent part, Miming fiont llnsside of the l^e 01 Good ÍÍ to,
ten peí cent ftdvalnem
"On ail wmea, exee )t the wines of Fian e twenty pet cent
ad valotem
"On all wines ofTiancc, as soon is the tieafy with ttanoo
will allow, a duty oí tweiny percent  ad valoiei i
' On all bleached and iitibleioheo mens tibie linen linen
napkins and linen cajibitcs twenty per cent ad valotem
the foregoing duties being i i accordance w th tho totms indtho
spirit of the act of March second, eighteen htinuredantl ihnty
tlnee
"Spo 2 And he it further enacted rhitall laws incons at
ent with this act are hereby íepcaled '
It so happened, ¿ir, th it I was ktpt from the
House by 11 disposition v htn the Treasury note b 11
passed I was 'herefore prevented irom offVnng
the amendment, The cimoiitlee, b., the arbitrary
rule adop'ed at the time, resolved, ihat, after a ccr
tain hour, no more debate snou'd be had upon the
bill. At the appointed time, the Tre<isuiy note
bill, amidot enes of "ordai, order, que^ttcn, ques-
tion," was taken out rl the committee, forced
through, and wnh unno'y haste passed in the
Home. Several who were pp>s"nt wished to get
the floor to oband vote upoi the amendirien1,
but it was impossible The party I aving the ma-
jority he'« seemed to be determned to attempt no-
thing for the rebef of the country
It will be impossible for me, Wi Chai man to
proceed in this discussion wi boat an occasioiil re-
ference to the compromise act of 1833 Much
that I intended to say upon 'h.s sntject has f en
rerMered unnecessary by the able speeches of ,he
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr Thompson]
and ihe gent'emsn from Georgia [Mr, Niseí-t ]
These gentlemen will hardly, either of them, be
accused cf advocating a high protective tariff, but
I should not be surprised to hear them thus ac-
cused. The Whigs were all denounced as allies
of Abolitionists last year, they should not now com
plain that they are accused of favoring a "high
proteciive tariff"
The taiiff law of 1832, whieb gave so much of-
fence to South CaroUna, was denounced, because,
among other reasons, luxunes weie admitted free
of duty, while many necessaries were highly taxed.
This is most conclusively ihown by the «peech of
the gentleman from Scu h Carolina, [Vtr Thomp-
son ] Besides tre various qaota ions made by him
from ihe speeches of Sduthera Sena'ors, I remem
ber, m readng the debates, that Mr Benton com-
plained t'iett luxutie- we e admitted free of duty,
while the poor pad a heavy Ux for many articles
indispensable to them I thought, therefore, sir,
when I offered this amendment, that I should for
once, at least, be ft und agreeing with the leaders of
the Administration pwty, and among them the re-
presentatives from South Carohna. But it seems
that the past is forgot'en, or disrega'ded, and that
the dictates of p?riy, and not the mt-rests of the
country, are still to govern u«- I fondly thought,
too, sir, that I was but carrying out a hint of the
Secretary of the Treasury himself
In the annual report of that officer, dated De-
cember 3, 1839, he says, on page 11
' Tf Consness ra-inot lesniet the amount of appiopnations
Vnethei oidit ai v orextt tot dm ny, to the cettain current teve
mie the oily lemainnig courts win h eem delensible are
Ü ese eithei to prov le for ctliin« ii [ on m^ of the publie
m ney now deposite 1 with the fetales or establish an ade
quale ystem of dnect taxation, or at onee lesoit to the con
undent pow<-l contemplate t m the exi ring 1 tws concerning
the tatiff, when chtnges recome necessary for purposes oí
íevenue, am! rpstore the duty on everal aiticles of luxuiy now
free "
The rcsu't proved ihat Congress could not "re-
strict the appiopnations," as he contemplated. We
a'l kn w, from what we have- *een this session, that
the appropriations must exceed the estimate^, for
th' e tim ties dil not ccMain all th" liabilities oí the
Government which must be provided for. Now,
sir, I a>k, if th' 'only remaining combes wheh
seem defensib'c" are as stated by the S cretary,
what are we to do? Nothir g can be cleare),
"'tiithet" to adopt my ?roendment, or recall the de-
posits from the S ate% or report to a system of d -
rect t? -tation These are the only "courses," ac-
cording to Mr. Woodbuiy, and E agree vuth him. I
am willing to meet thi  issue before my constitu-
ents. As a Whig, I am willing to meet tms issue
befóte ihe country I wish to say a word before I
conclude, as to ihe two c tner "defensible comses"
oí the S creUry ot the Tie^si'i-y.
Again, sir in therepmt c{ the Secretary of the
Treasury in DecemLer, 1840,thatirhcer,d scussmg
the ways and ircms of providing money for the
Treasitiy, «ay^ that to recall ihe deposres "appear^
not very hkeiy Die auopled," and that the resort
to "direct uxaiiur" is not "to be anticipated "
The S"crptary then, oi page 11, proceeds to say
' o neo tier pen anent resomce must then be lookd too
Tie- c loire will | robibly teotb^ ween the lai^e reduction ef
expenthtuteb \\ nil the o net accompanying rneasutes befo e
specified, and sum" extensive modi! ca ion of the piesen
tanft  '
Here, then, we have again suggeste-' t^ us the
proori  y of "a modificauon of the tariff," from the
Serreiary of ¡he Tiea«ury
As to tt>e reduction ot expend mres, we all know
that it is impossible now The Government js
largely in d«bt. Cla'm  have been postponed until
th y can be p(stpon d no longer. Nothing is more
certain than the fact that, for this session, the ap-
propriations will and most exceed the estimates of
¡he Secietary of ihe Treasury*
This being 'he case, I piefer a modification of
the tariff to either a recall of the deposites from
the States or a system of direct taxation.
When we met this session, we were told by the
Presi lent and the Secretary of the Treasury that
we had a most prosperous Government We were
induced to believe that we had an abundant Tre¿-
sury, ihat all the demands on the Government had
been promptly met. But, after the lapse of a few
wee'is, v. e had another proposition for Treasury
notís Yes, sir, five millions of Treasury no'es
wire to be is ued—five millions of paper money
wanted m the foutth year of that Administration
which was to g ve us all a gold and «ilver curren-
cy We weie called together in September, 1837,
let an extra session, to give the Government money.
In October, 1837, \ou had authority to is«ue ten
millions of Trfasury~noies
By the a-t of May, 1838, you gave authority to
•he Secie aiy of the fieasury to is^ue Treasury
nite*, on  the Sime terms as the act of October,
1837,  in plac  of the noles wh.ch hdd bee" return-
ed to the Treasury.
In Marco, 1839, you extended the act of May,
1838, and authorized the President to cause to be
issued the remaindei of the Treasury notes, &c
in Mdrch, 1840, another law was passed which
authorized the issue of five mill ons more of Trea-
sury notes.
And now, within two months of thp end of this
Administration, we have another law authorizing
the i-sue of Treasury notes'
JThe^e tKt^s have been i sued, a large portion of
t^em at high rates of interest, «mob, of course, is
pai t out ot the taxes collected ftom the pe >ple, and
paid, too, to rich capitalists or the pet banks of this
Administration, for only banks and very rich ca-
pitalists ?re able to taka ihe noles from the Govern-
ment and gtve them specie.
I have endeavored io ascertain the amount paid
for merest on Tieasury notes, since the extra ten-
sion of September, 1S37, and I make it as follows.
Jlmouat of interest pat' on Treasury notes, nz:
For the year 1838,           -           -   #14,996 48
Do     1839,           -           -    401,212 94
Do      1840,           -           -    173,581 36
Do      1841,           -           -        1,302 77
$591,093 55
The aet-uracy of this statement wi 1 not be ques-
tioned, &% I have it fions a high source More than
half a million rf c ollati p<iid to the rich out of the
taxes of he people by this bari-moi.e} -loving Ad-
ministration.
lam tired of such lfgisladoi     Treasury notes
'At the beginning of tni3 session the Secrefaiy estimated that
the teeeipta from customs lot the coining yearwould
be                                                                                  #19,000,000
iiomlaneU                                                                       3,S00,O0O
A) dhe thought, if tie estimates weie not exceeded, there would
lenun m the lreaeitiy, at the end of the year, the sum of
S=G4 273
On the 31 of Mai ch 18-11, Mi Jones chairman of the Com
mittee of \\ \yü and Means said, in answer to a question from
Mr hFHCEtM "as to the probable amount oí receipts ftom
the customs, eveiy gentleman could judge as welt a  Mr J
Ilisown opinun w tb that, owing to lecent occurrences, they
would pr&b ibiy fall farshort of what iiad been founerly antici
pated ' Mt J. admitted that "the whole amount appropnated
by the billb and amendments would exceed the estimates by a
million t r Ijllar
'Mr Lvans here obsetved that the chauman had omitted
some impot taut liens
Mi loNFSic cllecied that he had omitted one item of
®5~3 000 c n aincd in the naval appropriation bill This would
make the total amount of excess about a ml! l)n and a half
Mi, L\ ass said the total would be nearer two millions and
tlalf lie then went into an enumeiation ol items to show
tht'thi   v, ts a coi resístateme it
Mr Iones saia hat he had spoken only of bihs horn the
Committee of Ways and Means
'Mr ¡Sfrgeant observed that even admitting the estimates
of henéete ary of he lieasuiy tobe coirecf, we should have,
this year hut nineteen millions from the cus oms, and thiee
and a hall m ¡lions irom the public lands, and the sums already
apt ropmted would exceed thl^ amount by between five and
six millions "
At! this pi oves the importance of laying duties upon luxuries
to mee the v, anta of the Goveintnet t, and save the necessity of
an extiase &lon If any additional proofs were necessary to
show tl d the estimates of (he^ecietaiy of the Í reasury eould
no berehet upon, it is only necessaiyto mention that, m his
estimate no mentin s inatool the Flortda War The Secre
taiycf V\ai in a lettei to the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means d-ted December 17, 1840, shows that the sum
of 82 385,12J 75 is t ,dtspensably necessaiy, part of this for "ar
íearages11 Ai d yet we are told Congiess must not exceed the
frtima'es1
