Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«55
S6th Cong....2nd Sess,
General appropriation Bill—Mr. Stanly.
H. of Reps.
he public lands And from another quarter we
are told this method of collecting taxes by imposts
is dangerous and deceptive, that it is not "the De-
mocratic plan," but it is intimated that direct tax-
ation is the true practice for our Republican Go-
vernment. I with to say a few words m answer to
these arguments. I wish, while touching upon
these subjects-, to reply to Ihe remarks of my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] whom I do not now
see in his beat I regret his absence, for I could
speak to him more to my own satisfaction if he
were present. I shall likewise say a little upon
the subject of "direct taxation," in connection with
this subject of the tariff I am glad to see the gen
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] m his
seat I wish to show, as 1 think I can, that
the issue is either to create a moderate "judicious
tariff," with the union of the States, or direct tax-
ation and disunion. I think I can show that direct
taxation is advocated by those alone who have ad-
vocated or do advocate a dissolution of the Union.
In replying to my friend from Virginia, I can
discuss some of the topics referred to. ] begin
with him, from the importance of his position, and
from the reopect I feel for him, and the conse-
quence I attach to his conduct; afterwards I will
notice the "direct taxation," disunion gentlemen
I deeply regret, Mr. Chairman, that my friend
from Virginia has thought proper to oppose, unne
cessanly as I think, certain great measures which a
large majority of the Whig party regard a  of vital
importance to the prosperity of our country. I re-
gret it, not only for the sake of the country and of
the Whig party, but on his own account.
I do net wi*h to see one of his eminent ability
arrayed against importan* measures. I do not
wish to see him opposed to his former, I hope I
may say his present fnends. I shall always re-
gret ihe injury which I believe he will bring upon
himself if he pertinaciously adheres to his present
opinions I shall long, Ion? lament the day when
he leaver his fnends, leaves those who have en-
deavored to follow and fight under his lead, and is
forced to unite with others, between whom and
himself there is scarcely one feeling in common—
no "thought, feeling, and ta«te" in harmony with
his own If he par's company with u«, he must
indeed be "solitary and alone"—oil and water will
not mingle together The war eagle of the moun-
tain cannot mate with carrion crows—he would be
as uncomfortable as my friend from Virginia, if he,
unfortunately for himself, is hereaf«er found in Ihe
ranks of loeofocoism
Mr Chairman, I entertain for the gentleman
more than feelings of mere cold respect Before I
knew him personally, when a private citizen, as I
hope to be again soon, I loosed on his public course
with admiration. I can never forget bis gallant
resistance of the tyranny of the chief of the Her-
mitage? The country, I hope, will never forget it.
When in the humble walks of private life, I saw
the terrible approaches of the then Executive to-
wards absolute power; when I saw a despot, sla
vishly called "the greatest and best," wantonly dis
regarding the co ordinate branches of the Govern-
ment, seizing upon the public levenues, violating
with nubles  hand our glorious Constitution, which
he protected as he cho^e to understand if, 1 feared
all was lost. But, I remember, the conduct of the
gentleman from Virginia reanimated my hcpes, in-
spired me wi'h fresh confidence, ard induced me to
believe that all the supporters of the then Prendent
were not the mere slaves of parly. I was encou-
raged, m my humble sphere, to continue an oppo-
sition which I had almos' feared was fruitl ss
I have often thought, sir, hat the conduct of Na-
poleon in the campaign in. Italy, when, at the head
of a column of grenad ers, exposed fo a tremen-
dous fire, he crossed ihe bridge of Lodi, was net
more gallant than the patriotic resistance of my
fnend from Virginia to the almost omnipotent
power of Andrew Jackson, in his palmiest days
Bonaparte was called the "little corporal" for this
Hct of daring My fnend from Virginia was the
"little corporal" of the Whig party to me before I
knew him That most extraordinary man, the un-
fortunate victim of his own desperate ambition,
said, speaking of the passage of the bridge,
"Lannes passed before me "   Sir, there was no
"Lannes" in this House; for the distinguished fnend
of the gentleman from Virginia (Balie Peyton) fol-
lowed him
I brought tuese feelings with me, and, after an in-
timate acquaintance of several years, they have Hi
pened into strong attachment. There have been in-
cidents in oar personal intercourse never to be
erased from my memory. It was with feeling1?,
therefore, of the most painful character that I lis-
tened to the remarks of my friend from Virginia on
that occasion I feel it my duty to reply to some
of them
My friend seemed to fear very much that we
should have a called session soon after the installa-
tion of President Harrison, and he argued against
the propriety of such a slep at much length It
seemed to me, sir, this was use ess, if not unkind.
I know of no power now in existence to call Con-
gress together after the fourth of March next It
has been suggested, as highly important, that there
should be a called session. I have thought so oe-
fore the Presidential election, and said so often.
Many others have concurred in opinion with me.
And, sir, if, whtn General Harrison takes pos-
session of the Presidential chair, he finds, as
we know he will, the currency deranged, busi-
ness prostrate, the Sub-Treasury either a humbug
or an Executive bank in disguise—if he finds a
public debt to be paid, for which no provision has
been made by the party going out of power—can
any man say it will not be his duty to call Congress
together? Could he refuse, with a proper regard to
the duties of hi* high office? If he find the Treasury
almost bankrupt, the revenue decreasing rapid'y,
without any means of replenishing it, must he not
take some steps to remedy ihe evil? Can he do
this without the assistance of Congress? Surely
not, sir. I presume, sir, no one recommends a
called session unless it be indispensable to
the welfare of the nation. Why, then, in ad-
vance, should ths public mmd be prejudiced
against u?
If the people of this country have decided any
thing by ihe la e election, they have decided that
the measures of Martin Van Buren's Administra-
tion were detrimental to the best interests of the
countty. I know it has been msultin2ly said in
another quarter, that the only decision of the recent
election was, that this Capitol should be pulled
down and a log cabin erected m its place. This
is the declartion cf one of the leaders of the de-
feated spoils' party, in the agonies of disappointed
hope. No Whig, no patriot, will concur in this
sentiment If ihe people, then have pronounced
condemnation oh the Sub-Treasurj, if (hey have
said, we want a change of measures, shall they
not be gratified? Can we íefu'-e to hear their
voice, calling on us to carry out the"promised re-
forms as speedily as practicable? Shall we suffer
ihe Sub Treasury to be the law of the land for
twelve months more? Are we to allow the sub-
treasurer, to have another twelvemonth's harvest
in plundering the public Treasury
Sir, 1 knew the called session of September,
1837, did much injury to Mr. Van Buren And
why, sir? In the early part of the year he refused
to convene Congress, though earnestly requested to
do so He refused, with a heart harder iha i Pha
raoh's, attempt anything for the relief of the coun-
try And when, at last, the Government could
not be administered for want of money, he did call
an extia session—and for what? To enable him t >
establish an Executive Bank, to issue ten millions
of paper money, and to withhold the fourth instal-
ment from the S ates, which the faitj of the Go
virnrnent was plighted to pay. The country was
astounded at his startling measures, many of his
best friends left him, not because he had convened
Congress, but because, m so doing, he seemed in-
tent only upon the acquisition of power, the accu-
mu'ation ot patronage m his own hand', and be-
cau e, thinking the people "expected too much," he
turned a deaf ear to the lamentations of a people
overwhelmed in embarrassment, produced by the
folly or the knavery of his orn friend*
There is no paral'el between the two cases Ge-
neral Harrison has ro selfish feeling to gratify,
should he feel bound to exercise the power confer-
red on him. to summon together the Representa-
tives of the people. He has a reputation dear to
his country—a reputation gained in council and on
the tented field. He is no candidate for re-elec-
tion Uninfluenced by the hopes of rising ambi-
tion, anxious only to save and serve his country,
he has only to disregard the clamors of faction, and
steadily advance to the work of reform, to which
he is pledged, to extirpate the remnants of loeofo-
coism, and rescue our glorious Constitution from
the dangers which recently threatened to over-
throw it. It becomes those who have aided in
bringing him into the Presidential chair to as*ist
him while he endeavors to do his duty. Let us
leave to defeated spoilers the task of upbraiding him
m advance. They need no encouragement from
us. Let them rail on They cannot intimi-
date the farmer of North Bend by their malignant
shouts He has heard the shouts of savages be-
fore. He has heard the desperate groans of dying
savages of old. He will not call an extra session
if it be possible to avoid it. If it be lodispensa-
ble, the country will sustain him.
My friend from Virginia seems to have a great
dread of a tariff He seems to tmnk he can raise
the cry of tariff, tariff, throughout the country, and
alarm the nation, as if some direful calamity was
about to overlake us. I know, sir, ihe very word
"tariff" is odious in a large portion of Virgmia, as
it has been in other parts of the Southern country.
But I do not feel at liberty to depart from my opi-
nions, or alter my course here, because it may
subject me to misrepresentation. At all events, I
hope I shall not be driven from my purpose, when
deliberately convinced I am right, by the fear of
being injured in public estimation by the humbug
cry of "Tariff' tariff' tariff'"
My friend from Virginia saw, or thought he saw
several "signs" of a tariff which might hereafter be
fastened on the country. I was reminded, sir, when
he íudulged his powful imagination in enumerating
those "signs," of the words of the great poet of
Nature.
"The lunatic, the lover and the poet
Are oí imagination all compact
One sees more devils than vast hell can hold—
That is the madman    The lover, all as frantic,
Sees Helen's beauty in abiow of Egypt
The poet's eye, in a fine phrenzy rolling,
Dothglance from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven
And as imagination bodies forth
The forms of things unknown, the poet's pen
Turns them to shapes, and gives to airv nothing
A local habitation and a name "
There is certainly nothing of the lunatic in one
so wise as my friend from Virginia, but that he
has the imagination of a lover and a poet I know
very well That his eye occasionally glances from
this eaith to that heaven (pointing to the ladies'
gallery) is equally true That he can give to airy
nothing a local habitation and a name, no one will
doubt who heard his late speech
Now, sir, what were his "signs?" The first, if I
remember right, was the bill of last session—a bill
to prevent frauds upon the revenue—to which se-
veral sections were added m the Senate—which
sections were a tariff, according to the construction
of the gentleman from Virginia, and m violation
of the compromise. I shall not argue this ques-
tion, it is a matter of opinion. The venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts, who introduced
and advocated the bill in this House, told us it was
recommended by the collector at New Yok, by the
district attorney there, and by the Secretary of the
Treasury. The amendments were adopted in the
Senate with but few dissenting voices. It passed
witii ihe approbation of some of ihe same persons
who originated ihe compromise act The father
of that act himself supported it, declaring that it
was no violation of the compromise. But my
friend from Virginia insists upon it, it does vio-
late that act If 'he weight of authority, from
gentlemen of both parties, cannot induce the gen-
tlemen to lessen bis confidence in his own opinion,
I shall not attempt it
Among the other "signs" noticed, was the resolu-
non oí ray fnend from Kentucky, [Mr. Green.]
I had consulted with my friend from Kentucky af-
ter he offered his amendment, and understood from
him what his intentions were. They coincided
with mine, a. I have already expressed them. The
disorderly manner in which the Treasury note bill.
