S58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
General Appropriation Bill—Mr. Stanly.
H. of Reps.
with his all-powerful "swsrd" if we do not obey
his mandates. When he has stated his decree, he
asks his constituents, in the event of our noa-com-
pliance:"
Now, iir, here are the words of the honorable
member, to which I call his attention.
"Wiilyou submit! If you do, the question is sealed up to
you and your posterity foieveri The principle will have passed
into the Constitution and to the General Government belongs
the power ol regulating the industry and controlling the pro
ductions of the whole Union The struggle of '33 will have
been in vain—a bitter laughing mockery to point the slow mov
ing finger of scorn toyour fatal defeat at last Will you sub
nut? I see your answer m your kmdlmg countenances—I hear
it in the echo from the past, slill beating on the public ear—We
wiB not submit The alternatives are before them, direct taxa
Hon or an equal ad valorem duty ■ There is yet another alter
native which we will leave it to them to present—the swoid
Choose ye, for we are too weak in the councils of the Confede
racy to choose, but we are not too weak to do all that man can
do in maintaining the worst of these alternatives "
This language, I think, is extracted from a circu-
lar issued by the gentleman to his constituents dur-
ing the last Congress
Mr. Rhett said it was an extract from an ora-
tion made on the Founh of July to a portion of his
constituents.
Mr. Stanly said, then, sir, it is but another item
of evidence to support my charge. If I had known,
however, that it was a "Fourth of July speech," I
should have thought there was some excuse for it
I see now, sir, what was meant by "kindling cour-
tenances." I had a copy of the gentleman's circu-
lar, Mr. Chairman, but I misplaced it. It was a
copy which he honored me by sending to me. I
think, sir. I placed it away with a bushel of Aboli-
tion papers which I had occasion to use durm? our
late glorious campaign I thought they were pa-
pers of a like character, and ought to go in com-
pany. If I had it, I ccuUl furnish stronger evt
dence than I have yet adduced
But, sir, what language this is from an American
statesman ' "Will you Mibiriii?"—"will you sub-
mit?" and "we will not submit " 'The alterna-
tives are before them—direct taxation, or an equal
ad valorem duty. There i yet another alternative,
which we will leave it io them to present—the
sword " Mark you, Mr, it i> not ' a grindstone "
Oh, no' But it is "the sword." A direct taxation
"grindstone."
But, sir, I should like the gentleman to tell us
what they mean by saying they will not "submit "
What do they intend to do, if Congress is not in-
timidated by such threats?
Mr. Rhett said he appealed to Mr. Stanly
as a Carolinian to state what he would do if Con-
gress passed an unconstitutional law which was
unequal and unjust m its operations? Would he
"submit?"
Mr. Stanly said, Mr Chairman, I know this
word "submit" is rather unwelcom  to Whig ears
in modern days I do not fancy the word. But,
sir, let me tell the gentleman to make no appeals to
me as "a Carolinian." I do not answer to that
name. If he appeals to me as a North Carolini-
an, I will give him an attentive ear
I have no hesitation m answering the gentleman
Sir, if Congress should pass a law I deem uncon-
stitational, it would be my duty to obtain the deci-
sion of the Supreme Court upon it. If that court
pronounced 'he law unconstitutional, I should most
cheerfully submit. I should do as States have hith-
erto done in like cases. I should hold myself un-
worthy a seat on this floor if I impudently endea
vored to excite civil war because my opinion upon
a constitutional question was overruled by a ma-
jority of Congress and by the Supreme Court of the
United States.*
* Since the delivery of this speech, I have met with a copy
ot the "Journal of the South Caiolina Convention, in March
1833," published in Charleston m that year from which I «e'
lect the following extract from the speech of Mr ' R Barnwell
Smith," now R Barnwell Rhett
"Mr President, I hare one more objection to mge against this
report It is not an objection to an error in prmc pie, but m
profession In the first column I find the lollowing words
'Ardently attached to the onion of these States, the people ol
South Carolina were still more devoted to the rights of the
States' Sir, is this profession plainly and simply truel If it
is, let it stand Since your attachment might be suspected ac
cumulate epithets to your professiors I ask the gentlemen
upon this floor whether they can lay then hands upon their
hearts and say that they are 'ardently attached to the union of
these states Why, have we not for ihe last seven yeais been
declaiming agamsuhis union as inflicting upon us oppression
and poverty, and desolation I And have we not proved it in
umphantly proved it, and throughout the wide South made
i-ommon the high complaint that these States of this Confe
Mr Chairman, it would consume too much nine
to examine at length all the opimors of the gentle-
man from South Carolina. His well-known and
often-avowed hostility to the North makes me sus-
picious of his direct taxation notions And I think,
sir, whoever will read the speech of that gentle-
man delivsred in this House en the Independent
Treasury bill, on the 22d day of June, 1840, will
have ample evidence ol hits desire to bring the
North to ihe gnndsione. In that speech, which is
before me, the gentleman says, "Indirect taxation—
that 1"=, laying the taxes on foreign ameles when
imported into the country—is an admirable expe
dient for a despotism."
Speaking of the people, the gentleman says "To
juáge of the taxes they pay, they must see and un-
derstand that they pay them, and to supervise the
expenditure of th m with the keen jealousy their
liberties require, they should be conscious of the ei-
act burdens they impose." He wished to make
ihe people feel what ihey pay—to make them con-
scious The gentleman «ays ihe argument that, by
indirect taxalion, the people do rot see the tax col
lector, "is a flat and flagrant insult to the people "
I submit to the gentleman if he is not liable to be
accused of arrogance when he says ihe people can-
not know what taxes they now pay? What pre-
vents others from ascertaining all that he has dis-
vered? The gentleman speaks of this system, re-
commended to us by Washington, Jefferson,
Madison, and others, as I have shown, as a "system
ab>urd and anti-republican," and it is in connec-
tion with this, denunciation that the gentleman
abuses Northern manufacturer1;.    He says.
Now, if our system of indirect taxation, by laying duties on
imports, did not exist, the aim of the Government could not be
used, by taxes on importations to sustain forced prices at the
expense of the people, who consume the commodities, and the
manufacturéis, in common with all other producers, would be
interested m coirectlng the evils of the banking system As
matters now stand they are its allies, and the people are op
pressed by both—first lrom an inflated currency by the banks,
and then by taxation, at the instance of the manufactuiers, by
which it ii Rustuned Ihe effort of the manufactuiers is to
exempt themselves from the evils of an inflated currency
and to indemnify themselves by high prices exacted fiom
the people for the increased prices in the process of manu
factunng occasioned by the banks The people are plundered
by both"
Again, the gentleman says " Formerly men
plundered by open violence. It is now better done
by quiet legislation." I mi?ht quote page after
page from the gentleman's speeches to sustain the
charge I have made.
I submit it to any impartial mind, if the opinions
of the gentleman are tobe relied upon, are we not
"plundered" by the North? Is it not our duty to
bring "plunderers" to the "grindstone?" Are not
such sentiments calculated to produce feelings of
alienation m different parts of the country'
In a speech which the gentleman made in this
House on the 21st of January last, he gives u te-
rance to opinions which I deem highly censu-
rable.
According to his habit, he deals largely in ge-
neral assertions, without condescending to furnish
proof 
The gentleman says "Mr Chairman, it does
appear to me that it is only necessary for Southern
enterprisa and industry to find a profitable market
for our staples, and it is immediately struck at by
this Government "
Now, sir, why did not the gentleman tell us who
strikes at the Southern markets? Have not South-
ern gentlemen rather taken the lead upon this ques-
tion?    Has not my honorable friend from South
deracy, by a policy as destructive as it was unprincipled, weie
practically colonized to the other sections of the Union 'Ar
dently attached to the umon|oi these States' Where then is
your talk about your Constitution and the rights it guaranties'*
You have motegthan once declared that the Constitution was
annihilated, and annihilated undei the jnion of the&e States Is
it now nothing—and the Union every thing without lti A con
sohdatcd despotism, by virtue of this union is elected upon the
rums of the Constitution over Carolina yet we are ardently
attached to the union of these States' Sir let others think as
they may and act as they may, I pretend not to judge of their
feelings or opimoBS, but I cannot palter with conscience, or play
the hypocrite Nor can Carolina, consistently with her honor
or her truth dissemble as to her true situation I boldly de
clare it, (and I believe that I express the leelings of the free
men I represent,) under the Government as administered, I
have no aident attachment to the union of these States ' Once,
indeed, my pulse beat high for this union But the days of my
boyhood have passed away, and the bitterest fruit which the
experience of manhood has brought me has been the knowledge
of my true situation as a citizen of this Confederacy What has
this union left to us? It has usurped the i lghts, and trampled
on the independence oí our native country," &c «fee
Carolina [Mr. Thompson] shown, by his able ad -
vocacy of this measure, that a duty upon silks and
wines is calculated to benefit the South? I con-
gratulate that gentleman that he has disregarded
the pitiful clamor by which we are all likely to be
assailed for our support of this reasonable plan. It
well became him to take the lead in this matter. It
well became him who^e gallantry resisted and
overcame the attempts made by one who thought
himself invincible in South Carolina, to put him
down. I hope the country will again hfve the
benefit of the service of the gentleman from South
Carolina in public life. His liberal sentiments and
statesmanlike views are especially valuable, com-
ing from his State I trust, sir, he wilt never be
induced ¡o follow the ridiculous dogmas of certain
South Carolina politicians, that he will never give
up to a party what was meant for mankind
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Rhett] tell  us that we of the South have borne
discriminating duties for thirty years, for the be-
nefit of the Northern States, and he says, "We
must bear more, and bear it forever, yield up the
principle of protection, and once more lie at the
mercy of a majority in Congress—the prosperity
of whose constituents, in their opinion, rises ex-
actly in proportion to our oppression " Sirange
"oppression," under which we have groaned so
long, when every one acquainted with the history
of the country knows that these protective tariffs
were first passed by Southern statesmen, and South
Carolina had her part, and a creditable part in it.
But I will not into this now.
The gentleman from South Carolina concluded
his speech by reading two resolutions recently
passed by the Legislature of his State, which I will
read, with the coacludmg remarks of the honorable
gentleman
' Resolved, That the powei given to Congress to lay and
collect taxes, duties, and imposts does not authorise Congress
to collect money excepting foi revenue, and that a tariff to pro
tect the industiy of one portion of the community, at the ex
pense of the other, is a violation of the spun and letter of the
Constitution of the United States and when such a easeoccurs,
the several States will decide for themselves the mode and mea
sures of i edress
Resolved, That the people of this State have cause to toil
giatulate themselves that the party feuds which lately weak
ened the vigor of its councils, have happily ceased, and that
toouth Carolinanow presents to the enemies of hei policy and
peace an undivided front, and is prepared, as she is resolved,
o repel by proper means every aggression upon her rights, as
a sovereign republic, the instant that aggression is attempted "
Sn, there isno misunderstanding these resolutions, although
the may be disregarded, but he assured of one thing word for
word—in ipirit and in form—will they be redeemed anden
forced by that free and gallant people It is not for me to an
ticipate their course, in an emergency which endangers their
liberties, or appeals to their honor They will be tiue to both
neither dismayed by the frowns of powei, nor duped by the
faithlessness ol unprincipled cupidity
I have seen ibe report of the Legislature of South
Carolina, with the resolutions, two of which the
gentleman modestly referred to—a report ordered
to be printed here without being read, or the con-
tents being known It is a report altogether un-
worthy the Legislature of South Carolina It is
the most insolent report (if a report of a Legislature
can be insolent) ever presented to Congress. And,
sir, if I had been in my seat when this report was
presented to the House, I should have objected to
the reception of it. It should have been treated as
Abolition petitions are treated—rejected without
being read or referred.
Look, sir, at the threatening language, "and
when iuch a case occurs, the several States will
decide for themselves the mode and measure of re-
dress." Yet, sir, ihe sovereign Legislature of South
Carolina evinced some little of that virtue, pru-
dence, in this resolution I remember during the
debate in ihe Legislature of that Slate, when some
fearle-s member wished to say that "Nullification"
was the proper redress—but not so The Legisla-
ture refused to say nullification was a proper
remedy I commend their discretion, though I
think it would have been more "chivalrous" to
have declared their remedy. But the report tells
us that "South Carolina presents to the enemies of
her policy and peace an undivided front," &c. &c
Who are Ihe enemies oi her "policy and peace?"
Does any one doabt that all the Stales present the
same "undivided front" to their enemies' What
is the cause of all this indecorous blustering? Is
the Union to b  dissolved because we do not adopt
ihe "policy" of South Carolina? Are we to be
turned adrift from South Carolina, to lose the honor
