Feb. 1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
abrH Cons....2nd Sess.
General Appropriation Bill—Mr. Stanly.
H oí Reps.
of connecting our destiny with hers, unless we de
clare war against all banks and manufactures, and
resort to a system ot direct taxation, and continue
the Sab-Treasury as the law of the land?
Is Congress inimical to her ¡ 'policy and peace,"
if the distribution bill is passed? Will she resort
to her "measure of redress" if a United States Bank
should be chartered? Are we to be brought to ihe
"grindstone" or the "sword," if we do not consti-
tute the South Carolina ' peculiar position" mem-
bers our dictator'? And hear, sir, the concluding
words of the gentleman which I just now read:
"Word for word," he telK us, "in «pint and in form
will they be redeemed and enforced by that free
and gallant people "' I would appeal to the ger-
tleman, is this proper and decorous language for a
member of the House of Representatives? One oí
two things must be the con«equence—either to treat
this childish bullying with contempt—I do not
mean to be personally disrespectful to the gentle-
man—or to retaliate, as may be proper for our own
dignity, and the rights of our constituents
I have spoken, Mr. Chairman, in terms of cen-
sure of the report of the South Carolina Legisla-
tute. I think I had a right to do so. If the Legis-
lature had thought proper to pass her resolutions for
the benefit of her own people or the instruction of her
Representatives, I should have regarded them with
feelings of pity and sorrow But this report and reso-
lutions were ordered by ike Leg slature to be submit-
ted to us. They have been printed by order of this
House. I do not intend to ipeak disrespectfully of
the State of South Carolina, or the people of the
State. The glory of her distinguished sons, in war
and in peace, I regard with enthusiastic pride.
Their reputation is the property of the country.
Her citizens may be misled. 1 believe they are
That they are, as a people, as high-minded, as
brave, as patriotic, as any other people, I certainly
shall not deny; but that they possess any "peculiar"
virtues which make them superior to citizens of
other States, no one I hope will lender himself ridi-
culous by asserting, unless it should be some of
those who framed this report.
I confine my remarks to this insolent report. I
will call the attention of the House to a part of it.
The first page of the report refers to "the strange
delusion which has distracted so many of the
Southern S ates, and led them to unite and make
common cause with parties whose avowed princi-
ples are at war with the best interests of the Soath."
Here, sir, is a modest charge that Southern States
are allied to Abolitionists'
I will read a part of the tentn page of the report
and I appeal to evsry Southern man, to every
American heart, in this House, to say if this lan-
guage is not as insulting to this House as it is de-
rogatory to the Legislature who used it.
"Your committee unite with the Executive m amazement at
that delusion which could induce any Southern State to abandon
an Administration which adhered most faithfully to the doc
trines which they have struggled to maintain since 1800, and
hazard their interest by coalescing with a party to which are
allied the Federalists and Abolitionists, the advocates of a Na
tional Bank, and the per<=eveimg solicitors of a tariff for protec
Hon, and while we rejoice to hod uuiselves associated on the
one side with Virginia, the very nursery of Democracy and
State rights, and on the other by our own offspring, the en
lightened people of Alabama, we feel no unkmdness towards our
immediate neighbors, and are confident, relying on their gene
ral good sense and right leelmgs, that the moment the develop
ment of the truecharacter of the combined and allied opponents
of Democracy is exposed, they will promptly and cheerfully
unite once more with us in sustaining a common cause, with a
sincerity and zeal worthy of their elevated character and their
devotion to the rights and interests of the South And your
committee concur with his excellency in the belief that the peo
pie of every section of the Lm n, film in their principles,
and resolved in their purposes, will once more rally in the great
cause oí Democracy, and reinstate in office its original and un
wavering isciples.
"That the late election of President of the United States was
corrupt and indecent, wholly unworthy of a sober and discreet
public, and calculated todegiade our countiy mthceyesofthe
world, observation and rumor, too well founded it is believed
induce us to lament The resot t to silly pageantries, ridiculous
emblems, and vulgar dissipati >n, was an insult upon the dignity
of freemen, and could only proceed from an utter contempt of
their intelligence and a readiness to degrade them to the level
of the servile populace of transatlantic manaichies That funds
toa vast amount were lavished was palpable And when it is
recollected that the prize to be gained by opposition was the
control of the revenues of the Union, theiecuscitation of an ex
piling moneyed institution, whose stock is so largely owned
abroad, and, above all, the delusive hope that there was a magic
in change that would relieve men from the looses of improvi
dence or misfortune, there is great reason to conclude that the
elective franchise waa polluted by most extensive bribery and
corruption "
The fourth an<} fifth resolutions accompanying
th«s report are highly laudatory of Martin Van Bu-
rén, "his principles and policy," and of the "steady
and consistent adherence of her Senator, John C.
Calhoun, to the well-known, avowed, and mature
principles of the State "'
Yes, sir, while Martm Van Buren is lauded, he
who supported the Missouri restriction, who gloried
in "serving under the chief" who had the force bill
passed, he who sustained the proclamation and ad-
vocated the bill of abominations, while he is be-
spattered with praise, North Carolina, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Georgia, Louisiana, and Mississippi
are denounced as allies of Federalists and Aboli-
tionists '' Yes, sir, reviled by this- report, accused
of coalescing with Abolitionists and Federalists,
and the advocates of a tariff protection, accused of
being influenced in their recent elect onsby the mo
ne-' power' Was ever insolence equal to this
"And while we rejoice to find ourselves associated
on the one side with Virginia, the very nursery of
Democracy and State rights, and on the other by
our own offspring, the enlightened people of Ala-
bama, we feel no unkmdness towards our immedi-
ate neighbors," &c.
Virginia and Alabama ought to be very grateful
for this compliment, but North Carolina and Geor-
gia are totally, irrevocably lost to all sense of gra-
titude if they are not overwhelmed with this mag-
nanimons condescension' To hear that the
"sovereign" legislators in South Carolina "feel
no unkmdness towards their immediate neighbors,"
is we'l calculated to arouse feelings of lasting ad-
miration for such an extraordinary exertion of chi-
valrous benevolence! We, then, at least, her
"immediate neighbors," will not be brought by this
terrific power, either to the "grindstone" or the
".sword." We ought to have a day of thanksgiving
for our deliverance'
I am at no loss, Mr. Chairman, to account for
the ieehngs which actuated those who adopt the
sentiments of that report. They spring from the
disappointed ambtfon of the "consistent" Sena-
tor t© whom I just now referred It may be out
of order to mention names, I will theiefore de-
scribe htm as the Senator who is eternally seeing
sea serpents in legislation. If he had been a Cape
Cod fisherman, he would have done no hmg but
chase sea serpents. If it is proposed to lay duties
on luxuries, he sees a "protective tariff" coming.
If it is proposed to prevent frauds on the revenue,
by any modification of the tariff, he sees a monster
bank, or a great system of extravagant internal
improvements, lurking in the proposition.
I speak with great regret of this distinguished
man. He once had a large portion of my admira-
tion. Many gallant spirits, in my own State, were
devotedly attached to him. Yes, sir, even after he
saw, or thought he saw, that the Sub-Treasury
scheme was the only republican plan of taking
care of the public money. He professed to de-
spise Martin Van Buren; he bad uniformly spoken
of him in terms of unmingled contempt; he had
compared him to the fox and the weasel, the mean-
est animals of the tribe
But when it was seen that the Administration be-
gan to countenance the baleful measures of Loco
Focoism and direct taxation, and that the remarka-
ble individual to whom I have referred had de-
parted from his lofty position, and had united him-
self with the spoilers, the confidence of the State
Rights patriots m North Carolina was shaken—it
was lost They did not now bow m slavish obe -
sanee to the man; they had regarded him as the
defender of the Seuth, the guardian of her inte-
rests and honor; they admired him as the advocate
of great principles- but when they saw him bow
down lo the footstool of power, when he had at last
yielded—
"Yielded with coy submission modest pride,
And sweet, leluctant, amorous delay"—
they could no more, with self respect, entertain
feelings of admiration for him. It was melan-
choly to see him, as I did, in social, cordial inter-
course with Blair and Kendall and other kitchen
pets, yes, playing second fiddls to the great hum-
bugser, who was decidedly first in favor with the
past Administration
When I view him, "fallen from his high estate,"
I feel the sincerest sorrow.
But does it not come with a good grace, fr.m the
admirers of his consistency, to tell the people of
North Carolina that they are in alliance with Fe-
deralists and Abolitionists?
I confess, Mr. Chairman, I do feel some "sensi-
tiveness," as my friend from Virginia said, when I
hear North Carolina referred t  with disrespect.
There is some excuse for this sensibility. We
know it is the invariable usage of many persons
from Virginia and Souih Carolina to speak con-
temptuously of the old North State. We have
seen it on tiis floor; we see it in the public prints,
we see it sometimes m the Sánate—yes, sir, even in
the Senate. I have read a severe speech made in
that body not long since, and it furnishes additional
evidence that those who are fond of vilifying Ncth
Carolina have probably spent much of their lives
in company with "blue-beards, who are ragged,
dirty, brawling, browbeating monsters, six feet
high, whose vocation is robbing, drinking, fighting,
and terrifying every peacsable man m ihe commu-
nity "
I have seen it stated, by one who said he had
passed through the State, through the turpentine re-
gion, on a railroad, that he had seen "the best part
of the State!" Why, sir, the man who travels
through the S'ate on a railroad, and thinks he sees
in the turpentine region the best portion of the State,
is as well qualified to judge of the character of the
productions and the soil of North Carolina as a
mole, in there Capitol grounds, is to judge of the
architectural beauties of this hall.
[Mr. Stanly made some other remarks in reply
to the speech referred to, which he think*, upon re-
flection, did not deserve the notice he bestowed up-
on it ]
But, sir, to pass from smaller matters, I repeat,
it is a common thing to hear North Carolina de-
rided. My friend from Virginia spoke of her as a
freed ' apprentice." She may have been once in
the condition of an apprentice to her proud sister
Virginia; bat, sir, in those days, the indentures,
were given to master workmen, lik  Washington,
Henry, and Madison. Virginia may have some
such men in her berders now; at all event";, she
keeps them at home. The indenlnres of North
Carolina are now cancelled. Sh" is free and inde-
pendent She has shaken off the miserable ab-
stractions which have so long kept down her ener-
gies.
I do not wish, Mr. Chairman, to cast a slur upen
the venerable Commonwealth of Virginia No
lover of liberty, no admirer of true greatness, no
patriot can hear her name without feelings ot ad-
miration. She is the mother of heroes and sages.
There are honorable men from Virginia on th's
floor with whom I am proud to associate, political-
ly and personally. But, sir, I do maintain that
many of her sons, satisfying ihemselves with vain-
glorious boasting of her former renown, have alto-
gether overlooked her present lamentable condi-
tion. In idolizing Mr Jefferson, and venerating
his dogmas as true as Holy Writ, they seem Ut
have entertained the op'nion that a Virginian born
was of course superior to all the rest of the world.
I have seen several specimens of these butterfly
statesmen, who have come into North Carolina.
They came with a full share of Jeffersoman doc-
trines, with a thorough understanding, as they
think, of the '98 and '99 resolutions, abcif which
they are eternally prating, with a little "strict con-
struction and State 'rights," and, sir, I have often
observed that, when they have come in conflict with
the plain sense of our people in North Carolina, at
the bar, or in the legislative halls, they are, in nine
cases out of ten, sadly overcome And it must be
so, while they think that to be a native of Virginia
is necessarily to be a statesman by nature. Why,
sir, it is melancholy to reflect upon the fact, which
I see stated m a paper of the highest character,
that there are now in Virginia fifty thousand white
adults who cannot read !
Mr. Mallort asked Mr. Stanly how many
there were in North Carolina in the same condi-
Mr. Stanly said, sir, I do aot know; I have not
seen the returns. There are a great many, I fear,
sir. But I wish to make the number less. I wish
to obtain our share of the proceeds of the sales of
