IXJTO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB
Jan. 1841-______________
26iH Cong--"2nd Sess.
may assume will be, not parchment, but pack-
thread, broken by the slightest effort of the weak-
est among them. It the principles which have
been asserted here be sound, that must be the re-
sult Ido not permit them ¡obeso, bur, arguing
with those who do, I point them and others to the
consequence which I think must ensue when the
States shall possess the lands in a fee simple, and
havs the absolute control over them Tftey will
take them—deny your right of interference, nay,
áeny that you have any interest in them. Tneir
State sovereignty over all lands within their limits
will be the ready answer to all your claims and
rights.
But suppose the S'ates to be mere agents of the
Union to execute the duty whicn the General Go-
vernment has entrusted lo them in d scharge of its
own high trust under the instrument of cession
Put them in that portion, and then how stand «e?
With our present land system still to control them,
if we appoint officers to receive our portion of the
money, we must keep up our registers and re
ceivers, our land districts m the States, and our
land department here. I mean that, so far as these
States are concerned, all the characteristics and all
the expenses of the existing land system must still
continue We gain nothing, or so little, that if is
not worth consideration in relieving ourselves from
responsibility and expense They are our agents,
and, as such, they must appoint agents of their
own to sell the land A citizen come* to pay for
the land he has entered, and he ofttrs to pa> a part
to the receiver of the General Government and a
part to the receiving ofheer of the State Suppose
the State, or its agent shall say no Or suppose an
arrangement is made that the officer of the State
shall receive the money and pay over the proper
proportion of ¡t to the United States, and he fails
to do so, what is your remedy' He is not your
officer, and where is your power to purisb. him1
He is an offic r of the State, and we have
heard much of this Government having no power
to enforce a constitutional obligation upon such
I ask, how will you enforce the payment of jour
money?
Look at it, then, m either aspect You give the
lands to the Slate m absolute inheritance, without
retaining any efficient hen, or the States are your
agents, and you are to enforce the obligation of the
contract. Is it wise—is it discreet, to meet either
alternative? Does either arrangement come within
the faithful discharge oí our trust over thus
property?
But suppose, again, a portion of the States to
whom this cession is to be made shall refuse to re-
ceive the land on the conditions proposed. It has
already been announced to us by one Senator that
his own State is not likely to agree to such an ar-
rangement, and that, if he be asked his opinion, he
shall advise her not to agree to it What then?
Admit that Ohio shall retuse, that Inaiana shall
jefuse, and some two or three other States m
nearly the same situation with these shall also re-
fuse—m what condition shall we stand? In this
We shall have made the grant to three or four
States ot an immense amount of land, and they
will take all the benefits of it, while the other
States, with our lands still within their limits, re-
ject the proffered boon—demand of us the continu-
ance of our obligations in regard te the whole ter-
ritory, ceded and unceded, and their portion of the
proceeds from the whole. Three or four States
take a rich inheritance for themselves and their
people—have their pride, I had almost said pas-
sions, gratified, by the rejection oi your authority
as to your own property and still cl<nm a partici-
pation of all the benefits of all the lands beyond
their limits. The other States, in these respects,
hold an inferior position. Is this right? Are we
prepared to meet its coufequences?
The bill says that the cession shall not be opera
five unless the States receiving the cession .«hall
pass "irrevocable laws" in conformity with it
What is the meaning of this'' Is it not the doc
trine of the present day, (abhorrent, I admit, to
my own judgment, and, m my opinion, utterly
false,) that a Legislature can pass no irrevocable
act-—and has no power to bind its successors?
Suppose such a doctrine shall prevail—the State
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Southard.
L°g>s!atures pv=sla*s, \ hich they declare to be ir-
revocable, fixing the rate of allowaiee to the Gen-
eral Governmeit for i he public land sold, and the
very next Legislature chail repeal the law, and de
Clare it of no effect. Where are you then? Have
they not power to revoke, according to this doctrine?
True, it is a bargain, and they assent to the terms
of it, but then there comes a change of circums an-
ees, and a change of public men, and a change of
public opinion, and the L-gtslature may say, take
back your land—we revoke the bargain, and by
paying back your consideration we obtain a right
to break our promise How then' I believe I
have as much faith 11 the integrity and honor of
the States, and in their devotion to constitutional
principle', as any Senator can have, but when I
am called to make a bargain, with which I foresee
that great principles ard interests may interfere,
and especially when I look at the ground some of
these principles rest upoi, I pause and wait
before I yield my assent to the agreement pro
posed.
But suppose, again, that ail the nine Western
Slates shall absent to the offer of cession—what
then? You have given them the entire public dc-
main within their limits, you have distributed one
hundred and sixty millions oí acres among nine
States of the Union Have }ou divided the lanas
equally among them' Are the benefits to Arkansas
a<¡d to Indiana the same? Are the shares of Mis-
souri and Ohio alike? No man can look at the do-
cuments and not perceive that there is a higl de-
gree oí benefit conferred on some Stales, and a
very moderate one on others
Where do you get yoar authority for making this
wide di crimination betwe"n State and State?
Show me where, in the terms of Union of these
twenty six Stiies, and in the terms of the Constitu-
tion you get your authority to make any such dis-
tinction I have not read he Const tution aright
if you have such power, and I hopejou have not
If} ou commence to exercise it, where ¡s to be the
end? Your laws, I thought, were to be equal. The
Sta'es are not to regard each othei as interior'! or
superiors—as favorites or exiles from favor You
have no right 0 make any such distinction, and the
moment you do, the seeds of di cord and dissolu-
tion are sown, and they will grow If part of tbe
States «hall concur m the proposed arrangement,
you will ba in a conditio! to be lamented It all
shall concur, you will have made a distinction
which you have no right to make I do not speak
now of 'he distinction between these nine States
collectively, and the remaining seventeen other
S'ates of the Union, but of a distinction among
these States themselves, with whom you deal, and
with regard to whom you propose to take a step
whieh is a violation alike of equal justice and of the
Constitution
If I comprehend the effect of this amendment,
and especially of the grant of land to the States—if
the word cede 15 to be understood in its technical
meaning, in that in which it is used m the instru-
ments which gave us the land, or m any meaning
m which it has ever been used, so far as I know,
and the States shall reluse,or neglect, or omit, tbe
paymeat of the money, then you create the rela-
tion of creditor and debtor between the General
and the State Governments. I ask you whether it
is wise, whether it is prudent and discreet to put
this Government m the relation of creditor, and
any one or more of the States in that of debtor to
11? In such a reiauonship you will stand in a
wcrse condition than did the Colonies in the Revo-
lution anterior to the Confederation, and the
States aftei the Confederation A State owes you
a large sum of money, during the Confederation
such a Stale would have been commanded, (powe -
less, I admit, the command, and leading to a state
of things wh'ch came nigh defeating the Revolu-
tion,) but it would hive been commanded to
make payment. It obeyed or not, at its pleasure
JSow how will you enforce }Our demand? Arkan
sas owes you a million of dollars, and says tnat
she cannot make payment, or, speaking in the «pun
of her representative here, fiat she w ill not, where
is your power to compel ner? You would Hear
very different language then from what you hear
now and you would find that you had no consti-
S63
Senate.
tutional power to coerce the payment but one, and
tnat is the power to make war and suppress insur-
rection You might compel payment, but it must
be by drawing the sword, and bathing it deeply in
the blood of your fellow-citiz'ns. For such a
spectacle I have no desire, and would avoid tbe
cause of it I would abstain from creating a re-
lation «o dangerou , because, •should any State re-
fuse that which as trustees it is your du'y to de'
mand, your only remedy is to jield, or to spill the
blood of your countrymen. You must make
your calculation either for results like these, or to
lis'en to appeals made to you by sovereign
Siates, m terms of subserviency and humiliation,
invoking your moderation, and begging forbear-
ance Belore I would see States of this Union re-
duced to this, and begging at your bar that you
will put off the day of execution, I would be
almost ready to invoke the power of war itself.
Stale degradation like that would be incompatible
with the existence of ihe Union, and I regard the
dignity of the S'ates to 1 highly to place ihem, by
any act of mine, m such a situation.
Something has been said in this aspect of the
subject as to the credit which is to be given to a
Stale, and some o[ ihe arguments (such I suppose
they were intended to be) sounded, in my ear,
much like sneers at the credit system, and all that
kind of party elcquence. I care little for sneers
when dealing with such a question. It is not one
of credit to the States, or of the S ates, but of the
indebtedness of citizens to their own Government,
and of States to the Union. This subject was re-
ferred to by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr
Pkeston,] in relation to the lands so'd previous to
cash payments. He was right in his reference
The lands sold and unpaid for, previous to 1819-'20,
amounted to ¿21,775,327 It was a debt due from
the people oí the States, or, if you pleaie, from
the Sta es themselves It was due in Tennessee,
in Ohio, in Indiana, and, so far as the Territories
were mt abited, in tbe Territories You had sold
jour land without receiving cash at the sales.
The purchasers were then jour debtoi<, but if the
State ta íes the tule, and is to pay, is it not our
debtor just the same as individuals were in 1816,
'17, and '18? What is the distinction? Then
your debtors were a set ot humb'e, faithful in-
dustrious mes, scattered over your new lands.
They had bought the lands, but could not pay you;
and it has been truly stated that there was not at
that day a public man, that loved his country, who
did not lock at the eonditionofthtnsswithgre.it
alarm. Howdidjou escape from such a condi-
tion? By relinquishing part of your debt; by
giving time for the remamuer, and by substituting
for the future the wholesome system of cash pay-
ments. Now your condition is to be greatly
changed You are about to create a debt of im-
mensely greater magnitude; and you take for your
debtors, not citizens, upon whom you can act with
directness and power, but States, over whom you
have no control but that of force. You could not
compel payment from citizens of the States, and
yet you are to deal with the States of which they
are citizens. You w ere afraid to bring the power
of the Government to enforce the public right, for
yon were told that all your power could not reach
the case, and now you propose to make States
your debtors. And can you better control them?
You are not to act on scattered individuals, but on
coi porate mssses of men—on States, proud and
haughty, and, it necessity require it, rendy to re-
sist your demand. Be warned m time. Avoid ¡hat
condition of things Créale not that necessity.
Lei us see if we cannot continue to manage this
public domain, and shun such threatening dangers.
I thin* we can, and so believing, I would not ren-
der such results possible
[Mr. S001HÍE15 here gave way to a motion to
adjourn ]
Saturday, January 16, 1841
Mr. SOUTHARD resumed After recapitu-
lating the grounds of argument he had gone over,
he proceeded I have now a few further sug-
gestions to address to the States themselves The
language of the bill is, "ihat the said States shall
be exclusively liable for all cttasges that may here-
