S64
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong—2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Soi4hard.
Senate.
after arise from the surveys, saleí, and manage-
ment of the public lands, and extinguishment of the
Indian title, within the limits of the said States re-
spectively." How liable? How to be adjusted?
What rights does it give to the Statst? What to
the General Government? Upon differences of
opinion, how are they to be adjudged? How
claims enforced? A more fruitful source of con-
flict, not even the ingenuity of the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] could have devised.
But this is not all. Are we to understand that, ac-
cording to the provisions of this amendment, the
States who receive these lands are to extinguish
the Indian title. Are they to take upon themselves
the high relation in which the General Govern-
ment stands towards the Indian tribes? If that is
the meaning, I protest against the doctrine. This
Government has no power to surrender this rela-
tion to any State or number cf States. What
right has Arkansas or Missouri to make a treaty
with one of the Indian tribes? What right, if the
treaty be violated, to punish or expel them from
their territory? None whatever. It would be a
direct infraction ot the Constitution. How can
this Government surrender its power to deal with
the Indian tribes? Has the Union in any form as-
sented ro the surrender of this high constitutional
power? Can the Union absent to it? And if a
State has no right even to make a treaty wiih In-
dians, can this Government surrender the higher
and holier power of determining where and how
the Indians are to be disposed of by force? Can
they say to any State, we give you the land—you
pay for the Indian title, andhave therefore a right
to demand that it be extinguished when and how,
and on what terms you please? Yet such must be
the result. If the purport of this amendment is,
that the States are to be regarded a3 having the
power to remove the Indians by force, or to enter
into treaties with ihem, it is utterly against ihe
Constitution. How can the Government say to
Ohio, for example, here is the mi.erabie remnant
of the Lent Lenape, the remains of the once war-
like and formidable Delawares, who held control
over the Northern Confederacy of Indian nations.
They are now within your limit*, but reduced to
a few hundreds. You may make a treaty with
Ihem according to your own interests, or we will
make it for you; and if they refuse to leav« their
ancient seats, you may remove them by any means
which you choose—by force—by blood—by exter-
mination If there be a piovision in the Constitu-
tion which justifies this, I, at least, have been un-
able to find it. These remarks have to do with
the question of power.
Next comes the consideration of humanity and
policy. These States have, or fancy they
have, a deep pecuniary interest in speedily ex-
pelling the aboriginal possessois of the soil. Is it
right, just, humane to let them decide on their ex-
pulsion, and the times, circumstances, and consi-
derations which shall govern the decision, and
without consultation or appeal? Are they the
only States and the only people who rise above
the weaknesses and errors of our natures, andean
calmly see the truth and the whole truth through
all the interest* and passions which mislead oihers?
And when the Union, and the people of the Union,
have a recorded obligation, and in a record too
which will not be erased or expunged, thai they
will regard these matters asa trust on th-ir con-
sciences and oaihs, will they yield their duty to
faith in others, and without the possibility of se-
curing the performance oí the trusi? Should error
be committed and wrong done, when and how can
we make compensation.—when and how reiieva
ourselves?
But I turn from this painful view to one of vastly
Inferior magnitude—yet one which has weight of
its own in the scales of justice—the question of
money.. And in regard to this, I ssk, are ihe
States in whose favor the proposed cession is to
be made, to bear the burden of the expanse rf our
intercourse with the Indians and of removing theai?
If they are, then I entreat the Senara and I entieat
gentlemen frcm those States to look at the conse-
quences. Are they to sustain the expense of the
Indian wars which may arhefrom their treat-
ment of the Indian tribe  left within their territory?
Should ths Indians eonsider themselve aggrieved,
as they are very likely to do, wars may grow out
cf their discontent, and the feeble remnants
within these States may be connected with very
powerful allies beyond their borders, and when
oppressien is perpetrated on the one, the other
may be prompt to avenge it, and our history tells
us there are civilized and Christian nations 'ready
to give them encouragement. Aie these States to
bear the cost of the Indian wars which their own
conduct may create; or are we not only to sur-
render the land and give up our power to deal with
the tribes, but in addition to carry on all the wars
which may grow out of ihe management and set-
tlement of these lands? Does the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Calhoün] mean that such
¡■hall be the result of his amendment or does
he not? Such it must be, whether he designs it
or no!.
Is it a part of his plan that, while we cede all
the land, we shall retain all the burden? How
can we avoid it? Will any "irrevocable" act of a
Siatc Legislature relieve Congress from this liabil-
ity when wars shall have arisen? Let the Indian
warwhoop sound, and one drop of American blood
be shed by an Indian warrior, and what must be
ihe result? Tms Capitol will quickly hear it, and
no sooner will it be heard than the power of this
nation will be called up to avenge the deed. Can
we refuse? No, sir, no. It would be impossible,
and yet, wiih such a liability upon us, we are
asked to surrender to the Stales on the Irontier this
entire matter, to manage according to their own
notions of justice or feelings of antipathy. As I
understand ihe plan, the old Stale; are not only to
surrender their respective portions in ihe public
domain, but they aie still to bear the burden and
cost of every frontier Indian war. I ask, again,
can we avoid it? Can we, under the obligation of
our constitutional duties, and in possession of those
sympathies which live and glow in the bosom of
every American citizen towards every other Ame-
rican citizen as such—can we, in the very nature
of things, avoid it? New Jersey has nota single
Indian left within her borders; or, if there be here
and there a miserable survivor of his race, he is a
being so degraded as to have neither hope nor
power, nor any capacity to influence the conduct
of her people for either good or ill; but let the
question arise whether Mississippi or Arkansas
shall be protected from the incursions of a savage
foe, and New Jersey will quickly give her aid, in
men or money—the soldier's touch of the elbow, or
the sinews which give strength to resistance or se-
curity of protection. She could not if she would,
and she would not if .she could, escipe her obliga-
tions m this regard. She and all the Slates must
take and bear the full proportion of burdens in
such a case. However you may frame your law--,
and how solemnly soever you may declare that the
expenie of Indian wars and the burden of tbeirown
delence shall rest upon those Siate> which have re-
ceived the gran', you never can carry such laws
into effect. The heart, the head, the hand of every
American citizen rise up together and proclaim it
impossible. I ask, then, is it wise or just to make
surrender? And for what advantage lo these
Stete.<, so far as money, or any rational interest, is
concerned? They are to make the expenditures
for sabs, &c. and to exhibit their accounts, and we
to receive them. But if done wisely, discreetly,
and according to the terms of this compact, how
must that account be stated? They are to take out,
1. The whole expenses, according to their notion
of ¡he expenses; and I know no mode in which we
can correct them. 2. Out of the nett proceeds they
are to pay over 65 p«r cent —when and how they
will—for your laws will give and can give yon no
remedy. 3. They are to retain the balance, 35 per
cent.gin full of iheir rights. Let ihe account be
justly stated, and the matier fairly administered
and they will find their reward tobe the gia'ifica-
tion of the avarice of the possession of money and
land, without any redeeming result in honor, power,
or even profit. They now get 5 per cent. This
' is lost. The distribution bill would give 124 per
cent. The balance is to meet their responsibilities
and expenses. Will tfdo it? It may, but I submit
it to the Senators of the new States to reflect on the
results of this game which is offered tbem; and, if
they cannot rise above the mere question of the
possession of money and land, to decide whether
they may not find themselves losers by the contact,
while, the Union also will be the loser. With me,
however, this is, in comparison, but a small
question. The question I propound and must de-
cide is, what is our constitutional duty, and what
are the rights of all the States?
But this amendment, give it all the force you
will, meets not half of all the difficulties which
now press upon us, and under which we are so
restless and agitated on this subject of the public
lands. What does it embrace? The lands within
ihe limits of nine Stales of the Union, containing
one hundred and sixty millions of acres. How
many acres, in all, does this nation, according to
the statements and estimate of the report of the
Senator from Michigaa, [Mr. Norvell,] now pos-
sess? More than a thousand millions. To get rid
of this question, you are dealing wiih one hundred
and sixty millions of acres, forgetting that by their
side lie over eight hundred millions more. Do
gentlemen suppose they are dealing with a trifle, or
with only the one hundred and sixty millions?
They forget the obstacles which beset ihem. What
is lo be the progress of this thing? We must keep
up the existing land system; we must continue to
bear all its expenses. We have given notice, whe-
ther constitutionally or not I shall not now discuss,
to every American citizen, and even to every alien,
ths>t he has the right to go in on all these eight
hundred millions of acres of land when, he pleases
and as he pleases, provided the Indians be not ¡a
possession. We have b?en told here that we can.
not restrain him, and that to attempt it is vain.
Well, admit it to be so, what then? Sixty thou-
sand of these people get possession of a portion of
tlvs territory, and what is their next demand? By
some rash conduct they get into conflict with the In-
dians, and then the whole military power of the
nation must be drawn out to protect them in their
trespass. But is that all? It is nst. There is
another principle, which has been boldly main-
tained here, that, whenever a Territory can num-
ber sixty thousand inhabitants, it not only maybe
admitted into the Union, but has a right to demand
admission and equality with all the other States,
and then, the moment it is admitted, all the land
within its limits becomes theirs.
(Mr. Linn here interposed to explain. He had
never heard it advocated—it certainly never had
been by him—that ihe American people had a right
to|go upon Indian land the title to which had not been
extinguished; on the contrary, land of that
description had always been excluded in every
pre-emption law, nor bad any amendment
ever been proposed, so far as he knew to the
contrary ]
Mr. Southard. I must have presented my idea
not s clearly as I intended, if the Senator's expla-
nation has been rendered necessary. What I say
is this: on the border of all these new States lie vast
bodies of vacant land which we claim. The peo-
ple, or foreigners, under the doctrine which has
been here laid down, may cross over the line and
settle upon it, for they may not know where the In-
dian title has been extinguished and where it has
not. Having multiplied in numbers, even if they
be all foreigners, they may come here and require
admittance, and when admitted may, according to
the provisions of this amendment, demand all the
land upon the same term?. I do not say it is
distinctly claimed that our citizens and foreigners
can lawfully go on land to which the Indian title
has not been extinguished, but they do in fact often
go on such land, and there can be no argument
against admitting them there as soon as the In-
dian title shall have been relieved, for the
language of the amendment is "whenever the In-
dian title ha^ been or shall be extinguished."
Here I say we maintain a principle which will
authorize our citizens or aliens to go without the
limits of a State into the lands of Iowa or Wiskon-
san. We assert and maintain thsir right to do it,
and in doing so we bring ourselves into collision
with the Indian tribes. And when a large number
of these settlers shall send up thsir cry to our doors ■
"You as our Government are bound to protect us;
