APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841
26th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
Treasury Note  Bill—Mr. Southard.
Senate.
the case of the State of Arkansas, and I take that
State only because she furnishes a striking illustra-
tion of the aature of this measure. Louisiana cost
u«, in the first instance, and in the subsequent ex-
penses of interest and otherwise, some twenty-three
or twenty-four millions Indeed, it the account
were accurately stated, with the interest, its
cost would amount to littls if any short of
thirty millions. This money was paid for the
territory, wnhout regard to the public lands already
bought, and bought, too, at the most precious price
ever paid in human history. Now, what is the
state of this purchase? It is said by some that the
lands m Arkansas—a part of this territory—are m
value one-founh part of the whole, but I suppose
that estimate is quite too low
[Mr Sevier Yes, it should have been one-
half]
It may be so. I care not. Pat it even at one
fourth The people of Massachusetts, New York,
Delaware, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey, paid
their full proportion for the whole. Say, for
Arkansas some seven to ten millions of dollars
What then? They have received back, from sales
of lands in Arkansas, only $3,110,000 And now,
what do these, our good friends, so very modesty
tell us? It is true yoa have not yet got back more
than three millions of your ten, but you must give
up the balance to us. I think they might, with-
out pretence to much moderation, at least wait
till all we have paid out is returned to our pockets
before they ask us to give up to them the whole
estate.
This is a striking fact as to one State, but it ap-
plies, in all its force, to many o'her portions of the
Western States, as well as to the lands of Louis-
iana. I have paid ten millions for a plantation,
you go into possession of it, I get three millions of
my money back, and you then say, give up the
whole to me I ask again, is this just¡ But you
answer. My pride, my delicata sense of honor,
forbids me to submit to you, 1 can't ihmk of it I
ask, I demand, the sunender of the entire estate,
and if you do not give up to me now, in a very few
years I shall be strong enough and I will take it from
you. Is it possible ihat we can consent to princi-
ples like these as the principles < f a common union
among independent Staled I th nk not. I
hope not
1 have calkd the attention of the Senate to the
case of Iowa, Wiskonsan, and Florida What is
Florida—for which we paid five million-, of dol-
lars? Florida, as we all remember, knocked at
your door but a year airo, pretty unfortunately,
for admission into the Union How much have
you received from Florida? Will any gentleman
tell me? Yet you are here, by the principles of
the bill and amendment, to give her all the land
withm her limits If you are to give to one State
or Temtory, you must give to all There mn t
not be a handsbreadth of difference m the benefits
you confer on the different Territories and States
of the Confederacy. The large States, p-rhaps-,
may not feel satisfied tobe trtated on a level wnh
the small ones but Ihcpel shall not be thought
absurd in maintaining lhat, as to all favors, the
States and Territories are to be placed c n the same
level. 1 can know no difference between them I
will never consent to treat some as higher, and
others as lower. Whatever you grant to one you
must grant to the others. On the principles in this
amendment, the old States—worthless old bodie-, I
grant, but they wore ihrough the straggle of the
Revolution—are to Une their rights in the common
domain, that they may be given away to the >oung
States since born Experience often teaches us
that the young frequently lakepnle, andaré a
little too apt to tread upon the heels, of those who
go before them
It is perfectly apparent, a¿ it see ns to me, that
this cession proposed by the Senator from Sonlh
Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] leads to the results I have
indicated, as absolutely inevitable, especially wien
connected with your pre empüon principien You
authorize citizens, virtuous, useful, and patriotic,
or otherwise, or aliens, unknown to jour Constitu-
tion and laws, who may readily be collected by
money and power for dangerous purposes, to go
upon your territory, and 60,000 of them may de-
mand to be placed on an equality with old Virgi-
nia, and Massachusetts, and Connecticut, and New
Jersej; and when the demand, whic'i you cannot
deny, is granted, they must possess the whole land,
own it in their own right, pay you if they f please,
but, whether they do or not, enforce from you the
defence of them and their lands, whether they keep
any part of their bargain or not My feelings
rebel against every portion of the scheme. My
judgment can find no apology for it It breaks up
the very foundations of our rights, and disorganizes
the action of our system of Government.
I wish I could add the expenditures of the Go-
vernment for Indian wars, and the portions of
country for whom they were made. It has been,
however, for the people of the West—for tríele
new States But, say gentlemen, ought not those
people to be protected? Unquestionably. When
did the old Slates hesitate to Íurnish men and arms
at the first note of Western danger7 Pressed
down as those States say they are, let them at least
remember that not one dollar of the amount has
ever been expended for the protection of the terri-
tory of the old States. I beg them to remember
aUo that, of this amount for Indian wars, New
Jersey and the other old Slates have paid their full
share Has there been a hostile Indian on the soil
of New Jersey? Was the money expended to save
her citizens from massacre? No, no, she paid her
share on the principle, that, when any portion of
the Union is endangered, millions of stout hearts
should be prepared to bleed, and twice the num-
ber of sturdy hands ready to strike in its defence
I afliirm that there has not been an hour when
the rjghts of our Western brethern were neglected,
or a vote which forgot their claims to our sympa-
thy And if money was paid at any time for the
defences of the old States, ihey were equally for
the ultimate protection of the new, and piud in
much greater proportion by the old than ihe new
States.
On this point of general defence, the Senator
from Missouri [Mr Li\n] would apoly the pro-
ceeds of these lands for the support and increase of
ihe Navy, and seems (o take merit from the idea
that this is most for our proUction. And whit in-
terest have the States on the seaboard in the
augmentation and maintenance of a Navy, whi^h
the Western Stales, have not in an equal, if not a
greater, degree? If I were called upon to 'ay
what part of the Union is most inteiested in our
gallant lntle Navv, and in making it all that patn-
oiism can demand that it hould bi, I would point
to the Valley of the Mississippi, every portion of
which can be reached in lis vital miere ts by any
naval power greater than our own More inteie ts
depend on Ihe outlet of Western commerce at the
mouth of the Mi si3i,ippi than on any, I had almost
said all, the ports of ihe AtHntic seaboard Hence
the value of yoar Key We«t station and perhaps
other stations which should year; ago have been
fortifud and furnished for the protection and re-
lief of the. Navy wnen engaged in the defence of
toat great western commercial emporium, the
outlet of the wealth—the secunty ot ihe interests
of the great valley
I íejoice m the piopositton, beciuse it seem to
be a waking up to their true interests in th  West,
after a long, lon^ s! ep I rLmf-mber when, in
another station, I urgtd, with a zeal which was re-
garded as importúnale, the inc ease cf the Naw,
and the protection if every m'erest on the borders
or coipccted with the Gulf of Mexico, I met d m
eyes an i heavy eais, and had for my rr .card, often,
too cften, the noes of friends and the scorn and
sneers of opponents Times are changing Our
Navy may now look to more of justice and encour-
agement. Our stripes ard stars, around which—
whether in the breez or the battle—«o many affec-
tions of the patriot's heart cluster, and which, in the
cairn and m the storm, when peace demanded only
their countenance, or war ihen powtr and ven-
geance, have steadily, and without change of coarse,
borne onward the nghu, the honor, the glory,
not ot our land only, but of liberty and free institu-
tions—these stripes and these stars have promise of
good, let it come, let it come
But atill, I may not, I cannot, adopt this propo-
sition.   The ocean should forever be our batik-
ground. Our soil should be untrodden by a
ibeman's foot Our Navy, the bulwarks of our de-
fence which float upon the waves, should look for
sustenance and power to no one of our separate
and distinct resources. They have a right to
demand them all, if all be necessary; and until
they are so, I cannot agree, deeply as I love them,
to set apart a particular, separate fund, and espe-
cially this fund, to their support Loisg and ar-
dently as I have struggled for them, I would not let
them—*io, nor any other great and commanding in-
terest—rest on one, and especially this one, of our
sources for revenue and expenditure. I would
not consent to put the maintenance of this arm of
our defence, or jeopard it, by resting on any one
interest or resource in the Republic. I would put
it on the general Treasury, and I would demand
for it what should cause the star  and stripes, its
flag, to wave in that conscious independetce of
which it is the emblem. Why should we devote
thio specific revenue to that object? It was pur-
chased by the Statss—by the Revolution accom-
plished by the Slates It was devoted to them for
their relief. They have paid the debt of the Revo-
lution almost without its. aid, but they have a
right to have the balance, the remainder, to restore
what they have expended, to meet their wants, to
promote their prosperity. If they choose to sur-
render it, I cannot aid in that surrender. If
New Jersey is prepared for it, she ought to find
some other agent to be her instrument in the
sacrifice.
There is another point which I ought to suggest.
We have bought from the Indians about four hun-
dred and forty-two millions of acres; we have
paid about eighty-five millions of dollars for them,
of which we have got back only about forty-five
millions. Yet we are to give up what we have
purchased before our expenditure is returned
Throughout this whole land scheme, I perceive
this one leading, one controlling idea. Although, as
the Representative, of the people of all the States,
we are still out of pockei, though we have paid
out enormous sums which have never been re-
turned to us, yet we are to surrender every acre
we hold to a few of ihe States, who have paid
very little of the whole amount. Twenty-six have
purchased a  estate, nine, who have paid the
smallest share, say, give the whole of it to us, on
our own terms What right, I ask, have you to
do any such thing? Where is the principle of
common union m such a demand1
But we are told that those States have already
paid enormous, sums into the Treasury, and the
aigument is, that the balance should go to them, on
suih terms as nny best suit them. How have
these sums been paid? The lands, within their
limits, belonging not to them, but to the nation,
have been sold, and the money received has come
to the nation, as the proceed., of its own property.
Those States have paid nothing but as purchasers
—purchasers of lands which have made them rich,
as their rapidly growing population and comfort
abundantly prove. Are the sellers, under such
circumstances, under heavy obligations to such
purchasers for additional acts of liberality? But
who paid this money? Did the people of the new-
States'' They had no people to purchase or pay
A part of th  inhabitants of thp o'd States, takirg
their resources from the old States, and making
purchas ?, thus became citizens of the new. The
sums paid into your Treasury were paid by the
old States—by their citizens—out of their means.
Thos  who chose to desert them, to seek new
homes, and higher prosperity, ought not now to
turn back to the anc cnt domicils of their parentage
and birth, and utter reproaches because they are
not permitted to take for nothing, or on their own
terms, all that remains vacant and uncultivated
of the inheritance of those they left behind. Look
over this chamber. I believe you will find some
sixteen or eighteen Senators who were born in the
old States, some of them, perhaps, now with
princely possessions, with an average, at least, of
wealth beyond ihose who are here from the sea-
board. How came they here and thus'2 They
left their relations, took their means, sought fame
and prosperity, and found them in a country apt to
furnish such results,   But is it quite benevolent
