Feb. 1341.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
S73
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. TV. C. Johnson.
H. of Reps.
made prior to those of the honorable gentleman
from Georgia, and whilst up he would add, that
there might be no misunderstanding in regard to
his remarks that whatever might be the precise
meaning of the Compromise act, was a very se-
rious question, much mooted in that House. As
to this, he said no'hins: of course, saying nothing
as to what may be the precise import of the Com-
promise act, he could nut have undertaken to say,
and did not now say, whether he adhered to it as a
specific compact. What he then said, what he
now says, is, that he was for pursuing a spirit of
moderation, compromise, ¿rid conciliation on this
subject, and did not ask, as had been stated, for an
extravagant protective tariff.
Mr Alfohd said: He alluded more pprlicularly
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Hunt,]
who had but recently given an explanation.    -
Mr. Johnson resumed, and said he should not
yield the floor again, unle.^s some remark which he
might make should render an explanation necessa-
ry; but he would ask the g<= nt'eman fiom Massa-
chusetts, if he would permit him, whether, by his
present remarks, he meant to qualify or vary bis
remarks made the other day, and published in the
Intelligencer?
Mr. Cdshino said: In no refpect, in either Utter
or spirit.
Mr. Lincoln said: My colleague speaks for his
constituents,' and not mine.
Mr. Johnson continued. That the original pro-
position of the gentleman from New York may be
distinctly understood, he would ask the Clerk to
read that portion of it which alludes to the plan of
raising revenue, and to the Compromise act. It
was then read as follows:
"Second. To bring in a bill imposing duties for additional
revenue on wine?, silks, tmene, and spices, and other articles,
being luxuries, imported into the United States, but in such
manner as not to conflict with the principles, policy, and spmt
Of the act of March, 1833, commonly called'the Compromise
A. ct.>"
Mr. Johnson said that his object in requiring the
reading of the proposition was to revive the re-
collection of the committee, and show that there
was no hidden mystery in tt, no plan or object to
create a high tat iff, or to disturb the legitimate in
tention of the Compromise act; and thotgh the in-
terruptions which he had encountered for explana-
tions had kept him mucis longer on the floor than
he expected oi desired, yet he must exprets his gn-
tificalion at the frank ívowal of his friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Alford,} and was pleased to find
that that gentleman's apprehensions were removed
since he had first taken the floor. He disclaimed
any purpose to excite feeing or prejudice in any
quarter sf the Union, and if any thing he had said
had been felt, it was not owing to the temper or
motive in which it had been uttered, but to the truth
of the remark itself. No one appioved, Mr. J.
said,more than he did, of the zeal with which the gen-
tleman from Geoigta always defended his position
. and the interests of his Stale; but the very feelings
whiGh actuated hira should convince him that the
right of opinion and discussion should be allowed
to other gentlemen who represented other interest
on this floor—interests which were not antagonisti-
cal, but far more harmonious and homogeneous
than some members believed. His object in in-
viting attention to the past was to understand bet-
ter the present, so that the policy of the Govern-
ment could be wisely directed to the future. It
was for that purpose alone that he hid alluded to
to the state of facts which bad existed but a few
years ago, and the arguments then urged. These
he wished to contrast with the present state of
things, and desired that gentlemen would reconcile
and explain them, so that he might vote under-
standing^, and conceive aright the existing and
future course of policy to be pursued in legislating
for the whole country. To this end, and with this
view,' he was going to show, when he was inter-
rupted by ins friend from Georgia, [Mr. Alfobd,]
that at the time of the high excitement, a few
years ago, in the South we had a National United
States^Bank anda tariff—that it was then urged
that these were the causes of great oppression to
the cotton-growing interests. Now the facts which
he wished to present were those drawn from the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury in 1836,
on the subject of cotton, by resolution of Congress,
and from Fortune's itccks. in 1801, toe amount
of cotton expoited from the United States was
about twen y-one millions of pounds, and it gradu-
ally increased until 1836, when it amounted toftur
hundred and twenty-two or three millions of
pounds. For the greater portion of that time the
bank existed and the tariff was in force, and during
all that long period, wiihal! ihe vieissiudes of
commercial fluctuation and tnisformne—alt the in-
cidents of exchanges and currrency, th; Secretary
of the Treasury informs Congress that the average
price of cotton was, from 1801 to 1836, S'xtcen
cents per pound. He alo states fhat, at ten cents
per pound, the culture of cotton afforded a
good profit to the producer, and the ?mhority to
which he had referred will show that, within that
period, after paying all the expenses of labor and
production arid investment, overand beyond a pro-
fitable regular business, at ten cents per pound, the
cotton plantéis realized a profit of upwards of six-
ty millions of pounds steiltng.
But the United 8 ates Bank ha: been destroyed,
the tatiff has almos,t entirely faded away by the
graduating Compromise act, and how stands the
price of cotton now? Has it averaged since 1836
sixteen cents per pound? Does it sell at this mi -
m?nt for half that price? We all know that it
does not. Mr. J. said he would be pleased if some
gentleman would explain the cause of the present
low price of that important staple. Can they re-
concile the present low prices with the soph'&try
of "the forty bales theory."
[Mr. Thompsok of Mississippi here said that he
wished to call the attention of the gentleman from
Maryland to the price of cotton between 1823 and
1833]
Mi. Johnson responded, that it was not his pur-
pose to dwell on detail, but he spoke of general
propositions and manifest facis He knew that
the price of cotton varied between thoie years, and
that it varied between Ihe jear 1801 and 1836; that
sometimes it rose as high as twenty-five and th'rty
cents; but he was speaking of the average p'ice as
giren by the Secretary of the Treasury. He was
anxious to see conclusions draw  by others from
the facts which he had presented, as tbe'e facts for-
cibly impressed his mind with ihe belief that the-
question oí revenue should bs settled by calm rea-
son, and not by impassioned declamation, ad-
dressed to ihe fears rather than to ihe understand-
ing of the committee. He did not mean to ur.:e a
protective tariff, but was most strenuously opposed
to a system of direct taxation on the part of the
General Government, and the only plan to obviate
it was to raise levenue from importations. He
was free to avov that he wa^ in favor of such a
modification of the revenue laws as would supply
sufficient means to support all the legitimate wants
of the Government. As a Southern man, he was
unwilling that the interests of the South should be
made subservi nt to the r?.pid growth of the pros-
perity of the Nor;h, but he had no apprehensions of
ihi-: nature. The factories of the North stand on
existing laws, and are sufficiently protected and es-
tablished to go on thfimelves, without legislative
protection. The manufactures of t~-e North, who
are well established, desire no protective tariff—
they ar? too sagacious to request it—because it
would invite competition, and bring new capital
and labor to compete with them. The increased
supply would produce increased competition in the
market, and.the consequences, which always fol-
low, of reduced prices. They know this, and will
not ask you for a high protective tariff. The next
proposition for the aid of the Government to pro-
tect manufactures will come, not from the north of
Maryland, but from the south, if it come at all—
from the hills of Virginia, from the iron and coal
regions. The people of tho.se regions may in time
begin to examine whether it would not be better for
their interests tj encourage the establishment of
factories at home than to depend upon the work-
shops of Europe—rather than pay for the labor of
the North, the profits of the manufacturer, the
charge of transportation, and the gains of tne
wholesale and retail merchant. These inquiries
may arise in those regions of the South where the
raw material is in a state of crude nature—where
the water courses are not as yet interrupted, as at
th« North, by factories, but wh«re they Sow on to
the bosom oi the ocean, as unimpeded as when the
morning star first rejoiced in the east. You may-
find that the people of Virginia, ay, even Virginia,
may see in lime that they should like to be placed
under the same protection that'otber portions of the
country have been—that they should like to see all
the dormant capital quickened into power and use-
fulness. He should not urge them to ask a protec-
tive tariff; fi.r while the interests of the North do
not require it, the feelings of the South ate not
ready for it.
Mr. J. .«aid he believed ihe people of the South
were in advance of their politicians. The cotton
region may find that Texas, with her genial climate
and fertile soil, may enter into formidable competi-
tion in the cction market; and they who are now so
loud against protection, may look with more calm-
ness on questions of political economy. He had
seen factories of cotton at Lynchburg, and manu-
facturing establishments at Richmond. The coal,
iron, and water power contiguous may yet deve-
lope untold wealth. Coal and iron in its vicinage
gives Wales its wealth and prosperity; and what
American but frets that this nation should pay
to England alone, during the last ten years,
eighty-five millions of dollars for the single arti-
cle of iron? an amount equal to what the Pre-
siden, computes to be the entire amount of gold
and silver m this country, though he did not be-
lieve there were fifty millions of specie in the
nation at this timp. That the cotton interest
in the South is depressed is most tru , and no
one was more anxious than himself to see it ñou-
ri.-<h. But direct taxation would not accelerate its
embarrassment, because, by the Constitution, the
slaveholdiag region would have most lo pay. The
gold mines of the South give but hule weahhío
the n-uion, and he was the last man to urge a peo-
ple to be gold hunters. When Spain abandoned
her workshops, and expelled the Moors, who were
her test mechanics, she built up factories, with
bordering nations, which gave them wealth in com-
merce and men in war. The immense amount of
bullion which was brought her by the discovery of
the ne-v world, and he-- extended commerce, could
not make her independent; all the gold and silver
which her colonists dug up, and all the bullion
which was extorted from her conquered provinces,
weie insufficient to pay o'her nations for.those very
luxuries and articles with which she once supplied
ail Europe; and, gradually degeneratirg from that
time, Spam has become what she is now—the
crumbling corner of a once mighty empire. What
was the best mode of supplying the wants of the
Government, was the true question to be consider-
ed. Other questions which might «rise were inci
dental—the balance cf trade for instance, involv-
ing in imelf the question of currency. He would
not go into an examination of these, because he
wanted information as to the condition of the
Treasuty, and no one could give him that know-
ledge, for no two agTeed upon the subject. He
would not take a step in the dark, and while he
had no light he would pause. When a proposi-
tion for protection, direct or incidental, shall be
presented, it will be "time enough to discuss it;" hut
he was free to confess that he was anxious to "see
agriculture, manufactures, and commerce, advance
hand in hand in this nation. We aánnot be pros-
perous without their high advancement; and he\be-
lieved that time would piovfi that manufactures
were as important to the South as to the North. In
ihe South, they would give greater independence in
time of peace, and in time of commotion within,
or war without, they would give ihe assurance of
protection to our iastitutions. Even in Eutopia,
where its best wisdom is borrowed from Plato's
Commonwealth, Sir Thomas Moore, in this btwa
ideal oí a bappy people, would have them till the
land and pursue the mechanic arts by turns, shift-
in  the population in regular rotation from town to
country. He would have the whole people ac-
quainted with mechanics and the useful arts.
Mr. J. said he had been in Canada, and seen
the system of colonial dependence—a dependence
which showed povertyi'ignoraacé";and -stupidity, in
the people, when contrasted with those' of the
States.   He had seen the whip-saw used beside the
