876__________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.          _________         Feb, 1841.
26th Cong.  "2tíD Skss.                       Branch Mint in North Carolina—Mr. Bynurn.                                            H. of lieps.
friendly power, but the friendly powr had leen
deprived, through overbearing piratical violence
of the use of its proper authority over hat portion
of territory " And what is the reply in the re-
port? "Now the insinuation of the British Mi-
nister that Sohlosser was 'nominally' within the
territory of the United States, may well be retorted,
as we can with equal truth, siy that Navy inland
was "nominally" wiihin the "temtoi.," of the
BntL-h Government; for, at the period to wh ch we
allude, the people collected there had as effectually
defied Canadian authorities as anv portion of our
people had ours," What is this, sir, but an ad-
mission that Schlosse-r and Navy island weie
equally in the power of the Patriots, in equal de-
fiance of the power of the Government to v hich
thsy respectively belong? What but an evas on, if
not an adm's'ion of the ground taken, by Mr Fox'
Is this the position on which we are willing to rest
our cause—to place ihe is-ue cf peace or war1
No, sir, no. I hope wa can make a better case
In older to make our case, I think the 'acts should
be re examined I am not satisfied to rtst the case
on the evidence taken We should be in ¡he light—
we should be certain we are r ght, befe re wt take
our final stand In my judgment, tin evidence
should be retaken I desnethata person ot the
highest respectability should be commissioned to
re-examine the whole case, with a view to arrive
at the truth, whether for oi against us Perbap ,
too, it might be advisable to ask the Bn ish M -
nister to join m the investigation Lei tne tt 11
mony be taken on both sides ot the line For one,
I desire to know how far the t roper aat'iori'y of
the United States was overthrown by t! e vio ence
of the Patriots. I desire furthet mlor nation of
the character of the Caroline In both resp cis, f
think the evidence is defective I repeat, that I
desire the truth, and nothing but the truth It is
beneath the character of a nation to attempt eva-
sion, lam not satisfied with the depos turns that
speak of the Caroline having landed certain pas
sengers and certain freight I desin to know ihe
character of those passengers—whether civil or
military; of the quality oí the freight—whether
merchandise or military stores
I do not desire to fault the present Executive, 01
that it should be faulted by the next Administra-
tion No, sir. The Executive should b • a unit,
in whosesoever hands it is placed Whit I disire
is, that the evidence should be fully taken It it
sustain the ourse taken, as I hone it mi), then
that course will be sustained If it do not sustain
it, then ihe Executive will be at liberty to pursue
such com<e as the new case shall «quire and that,
without imputing anv fault for the past. We mus
in the end deny the fact or its consequence. Ao
the evidence now stands, I am not willing to make
up the final issue This controversy Miould be
conducted as honest men conduct their cootiover-
sies, with a mutual and earnest desire to ascertain
what is tiue
I have fears that this report will encourage an
excitement which should have received a spvere
rebuke. Whatever may be our sympathies wi h
those who live under a Government les-, tiee than
our own, we ought not to forget the duties impose!
on us as a neutral nation In the case of the at-
tempts of our citizens on Upper Canada, there was
but little cause for their ¡.jmpatay, and no justifica-
tion for their conduct. The people of Upper Cana-
da were well satisfied with their Government
They have shown no des re for revolu'ion. But
our citizens have volunteered to make a revolution
for tbem Their conduct cannot he too strongly
reprobated.
At the present time, no useful purpose can be at-
tained by the report It proposes no action. lis
effect will be only to excite on the one side, and
irritate on the other. The report which I send to
the Chair is that which I proposed as asuosutate-
"Itappearing, that ihe reciprocal comolaints refrned to m
the corrtspo dence submitted are the subjects of diplomatic
discussion between the Governments of the two countries, the
committee, having e tire confidence that the r gins and honor
of the United átales will be sustained by the Executive, and en
lemming the hope that the controversy will be biought toa sa
tlstory termination, are of the opinion that no action of this
House is, at this time, necessary They therefore ask to be dis
eh&rged from the further consideration of the subject"
SPEECH OF MR%. BYNUM,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the Home of Representative', tebrui y IT, 1(341 —
In ihe Committee of the Whole, c   a motion to
strike   out   th- appropriation   to  continue ihe
branch mint in. North Carolina
Mr BYNUM rose, and addresser' the commit
tee, by saying that he had ainvsd and taken  his
seat at a late period during  th« present ssssh n of
Congress, with a fixed determination to ícmain at
least one session a silent member or ihat boay—a
determination that he had £ome to ficm a v >nety
of rtasons, growing out of/bis pecu ar <-ituat on,
and the developments thai had been jece ily made
since the adjournment of^the last se moh of Con-
grts —but such had becjithe extraordinary, unp o-
vok d, illiberal, abflsivs, if not to say tnefUgiti us
and wanton courst that h id been pursued by cer-
tain gentlemen in tiiejr/}fal«e and inui'eiiminate de-
nunciation tf almo«tíall that was uemoca ic or
republican in the nation—with the a/owal of p in
cipes snkmg   at the   very   foundation tf  ih>
freedom,   net  only   oí   our   repubUan   institu-
tions as they were íeaied by out  llltstn us fore
fathers for the guarantee  at d protect! m of oui
líbeme*, but at the very powers and interests held
directly by the people ihemselve-?, should he continue
silent, and suff-r such to pass unniliced and u^e-
phed to, w.thout raising his  etble veit   in opposi-
tion lo both thetiuihand just policy ot such doc-
trine, he  should fW d itl>ct   n his doty  as- a
fai hful Ktpre ui anv<,, and (,'jn'v of t eaeheiy ana
treason to the gieat,  \ital   and immcdiPte Mere is
u those wnom he directly  lepresen c1 llun   and
who p  ínteres   he bad ev r aitemp td io r.- ibi th"
wamo i invasion of  upon  t> at fl >or, >r e set/here,  ,
without legald eithert) personal liozud, ii to pohti-  i
e U sacrifice   With him, the tune had arnvi d when  '
he had as Utile to expect from the benevolence and
partiality of friends-, as tiom tluse who had gamed  I
possession of power and 11  {lac< asa nst his  will,  [
and at the 'acrihce of all ih it wa« dear and neor to   '
the sacred n hts and merest   of iho e wuh «horn  j
his interests, ay, rus all, w.ts so nearly, deep'y, and i
inseparably allied, by an indissoluh e idennty, and
he felt it to bt his happy lot, v.hile he steppe 1 forth
in detenct of   the sacred  nahts oi   oih rs,  to be
theiaby enabled to delend hi  own, which, to him,
were held by far more deir than nfe itself    But as
the limits of tee  proposition before the committee
would not admit of tne dw ussion of many of the
topits to which he alluded, h    wo ill inJeanoi  to
coMiiieliimseU to  iho e wnuli  ¡.lti'  mmedia'cly
oui ot the proposition then snbmu'ed fot t en con-
st leratiou.
Sir, sard Mr B. it is not to the mine striking ou'
the insi nifieant sum in tin appropriation b II, a
proposed by the hoi rabie member from Kei tucicv,
[Mr. Gnui ,] to t/bich I 1 i k, no, sir, no had
that b en the only object <r effec ot the pioposi-
tion thus unu. "cnion i usl ' made, I she id have
been one of toe 11 t members n th s Hou e to
have raided my feeble voice agan st it No, sn, it
i  not ihat to which 1 materially object, bul, sir, it
is to the design^, effects-, and ulteri n consequences
of «uch a propositi n that I object, and its insidious
and covert tendencies, without knowing that such
was ihe object if the gentleman him elf, [Mi.
Grmv J who was 's moi°r—í we oí <m are in-
duced to do things by oheis wuhoui Dem¿ die
lea*t conscn us of the influences by wni n we are
move!. For the gentleman personall}, mj iee mgs
are of a km I character, and i hate no di pobiu„i
to impugn in the leas' hij pi va'e andpei-onal mo-
tives.
This proposition I view, sir, as an antagomstical
one to founding in this country—for tt-  benefit of
¡he yeomanry, the working, labortn", producing
people, end for their use—a permanent and -olid
currency, eitner of hard money or upon a hard m >-
ney, specie basis oy which p-ipei can alwa}s b"
conver'ed into specie at the di-cretion and wiU of
the working and producing man who polds it, aid
who has paid for it, m hispioduceoi i^b&r, its full
equivalent and consideratic, and wituom shich
I now contend tnatihete nev  can be a permanent
currency in the coua'ry, nor saf ty and steunty io
the laboi and to the produc's of the (arming and
planting classes of this nation.
For this reason I then oppose the adoption of
this proposition, inten ed, as all must admit, and
as it has been openly avowed here, to 'trike down
your mints for the coinage of hard money, for the
use of the farmers, planters and mechanics of this
country. Yes,sir, with a premeditated purpose as
avowed openly and covertly by those who have
just come into power, to erect on their ruins a
mammoth Bank, wuh all its branches and sub-
branches extended in every S ate, if not county in
ycur Union—flooding and carpettmg the whole na
Hon with its worthless paper promises—false, false,
as they h-we ever been proven to be, upon the very
face of th5 papei that b-*sis the irnpr ss i f their pro-
mises The proposit on en your table looks to th s,
it is to effect tn s object pnd none other, it is not a
new proposition at al , it has been regularly made,
and by gentlemen hereie fore, with this intent, to ef-
fect \ hich, your r> ints mi fir t be des'royed, and
all idea of a solid, permanent curiency, founded on
a specie basis, discountenanced and discouraged
amongst ihe laboring, mechanical, planting, and pro-
ducing classes of this c    rttrv
It has be.n with such designs, and to effect such an
objec, that a similar proposition has been annually
introduced, and revived in this Hou e ever since
the est iblishmen's of iho e mints in the Southern
sections of our country it had its bir'hm hatred
to a hard monej curiency, and one < f paper to be
found upon a speue basis, and has ever continued
its jealousy towards any ?nd aU mints for the
coinage, for the use of ihe mcple, ot an) thing like
h^rd money, as a t.ubsluute for tncir false paper
premises, it is one impediment in their way, and
tterefoie rust b  removea «or a more successful
opeidtion f their p'undermg bipkin? s)stem,as
adopted throughout our entire country, ?nd which
invohes d rectly their consideration in this discus-
sion
But before I proceed to say more on tlus subject,
1 mus* beg permission io notice the course of some
gent'emen who   have  preceded  me,  and reply to
some remarks that they have made in this discus
sion
la the first place, 1 will notice a i mark of the
honoraole member from Ohio [Mr Mason.]
This gentleman has «aid that tne Secretary of the
Tieasmy had retained n, office defaulters, afler he
had been mfoimed, by correspondence ihat ihey
were defaul ers to a considerable amount to the Go-
veiurrent
Now, sir, thu charge ha? been mide often here
and out of doors I ask the gentlemin it he will
enc'orse it? Will he !wird his reputation upon this
charge' No sir, no, le daie not I deny etery
word ot it, and chjllenfx tr> t gentleman and all
other , w io, in thur r«ck)e s abuse of tl at officer,
have as erted it, to oome forv ard with asmgl'
prool of the facts Wtiy have they not done it?
| The) have often been called on for proof, bat will
now do, as th< y al vays hive done, Jet it rest upon
'  their own assert'on.
Again, sir, the gentleman had said that the Pre-
sident had apnomted to power men whom he knew
to be defaulters
This, again, was in keeping with the conduct of
gentlemen of the Ooposi ion, who had dealt in the
most barefaced fsi-eitions for 'he last four years
w thout oeigntng to picduce a single fact, or even
conde cending to investigate th m It was a part
of then tacúes 'o avoid ail ínvesii^aüon, as fatal to
their objects of imposition upon the credulous and
j  ignorant
1 I agam di ny, sir, that there has ever been the
least proof producid to this House, where it should,
beyond every place, have been the fiist in which to
have brought forward such evidence, showing that
the President had, in a single case, ever appointed
to office, or retained any individual vvhateter in
office, that wes a defaulter to this Government to the
amount of one dollar—he knowing the fact, at the
time, that such was a defaulter—and I dare gentle-
tlemen to produce one single instance, in which,
upon the verv fi's nf rmat oi being given of any
defalcation, th t the delinquent, ps soon as the
fact could be legally established, has noi been re-
moved, and all measures, that were in tne power of
the Departments, were no' immediately resorted to
to secure and protect themterest of the Government.
But gentlemen have taken up the idea, and it has,
to a certain extent, been avowed here, that upon
