4
!
378
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong....2nd Sess.
Branch Mint in North Carolina—Mr. Bymim.
H. of Reps.
propnate $400,000 for the continuation of t he
Cumberland Road. Not being able to take the
yeas and nays in a committee, the vote on this pro-
position was taken by tellers. And, sir, I took my
seat there, near the place of the tellers, and count-
ed the votes as they passed through, and thiee-
fourths, or' thereabout, of those, who voted for this
appropriation, were Whigs, and no gentleman will
now deny it. The gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Thompson] sat by me, and will bear me ofit
in what I have stated, I think, and sir, strange,
passing strange, I then saw cer am gentlemen
sneak through and vote for that proposition, who
have been, and are now, the loudest nifdenouncmg
this Administration for extravagance, prodigality,
and corruption; and who have i urg to the very hea-
vens their voices against the pitiful expenditure of
one hundred and sixteen, or two hundred and nxtten
dollars, upon the public ground  attached to the
branch mint at Charlotte, in North Carolina, and
which was spent, too, exclusively for the ímpiove-
ment of the public property. Sir, if we coul! be
astonished at any thing that men could do at this
time, these facts alone would be startling; but the
public mind is not in a condition to hear facts, and
old and j/otmg are ready to jump and run wi'h eveiy
political culprit who will cry seek him, boy—seek km,
boy, to draw attention from his own conduct.
But really, sir, it must have bien amusing to an
impartial spectator to have sat and witness d, in
this body, the transitu condvun of celta ngtntle
men of this most economical party, and to have
observed what a jarring of larguage, and confu-
sion, of tongues, they exhibit in ihe sum <elü
and changes that they are daily making before the
world apon this subject of extravagance Has
any gentleman listened attentively at the speeches
that have been delivered on th s fljor, wiilun lour
week";, without being saii^fnd of a most unac-
countable change coming over the dream", of s<>me
of the minds of those horn rabie nun, whoh rito-
fore have been v> celebrated fir the denuncia.ion
of this Administration for its extravagance and
corruption? Could any one have listened at the
speech of the gentleman .ten Tenues ee, [Mr.
Bell,] and that of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Baunard,] without beug satisfied of
this extraordinary change in thtir minds upon tms
subject? Can they fail to have seen, in the ten.pei
and tone oí these speeches, that an mfimttly moie
extravagant Admmistiation than any no have yel
had, was m contemplation? The gentleman liom
New York, [Mi. Baunabd,] demonstrated must
clearly, no doubt, to his own mind, the necessity
there was to raise oui taxes, by increasing your
tariff on certain articles, and this speech was
acquiesced in, and sanc'ioned and compli-
mented highly by the honorable,mem*ei from Ten-
nessee, [Mr Bell ] Bu', s,n, the speech of my
honorable colle-igue, [Vlr Rcynui] a>>ove all
others, proves most clearly the sudden revolution
that has recently taken place m that party. While
we have been denounced for extravagance, and for
permitting the expenditures of the General Govern-
ment to run np to 25,000 000, or 38,000,000 of
dollars, my honorable colleague has spoken of,
and advocated measures in his speech, mat would,
at the lowest ca'culation, involve the ensuing Ad.
ministration man expenditure cf more than $50,-
000,000 per annum, and has gon  on fanliei, and
shown conclusively, no doubt, to his ownjmmd, thit
tiis amount could be realized by an mciease of
toes, by raising a tan/I on luxuries, bilk', wines,
and hnen"=, (fee Whi,e, sir, I acknowledge tnat
my colleague made a in st excellent spiecn, Mid
in some pans of which I most c irdiaily agreed with
him, I must say, on the whoK it was one of the
htghest toned extravagant productions th t I have li -
tened to m this House, and to canv out the objee s
of which, m lour year*, won!Í mvolve fi'snalion
in a debt, that ro human eye can fore re Others,
sir, of the same party, have taken a rimi!^r view
apon the same subjects, but upo-t wacte r-marks
I will not dwe'l, One gentfmanS, h tveve>-, 1
woulddo injustice to omit—he honorab.e m Ji-
ber from Maine, [Vlr. Evavs ]
Mr Chairman, a gentleman if th" t talents,
who is justly entitled to the posaron that be occu-
pies here as a leader of his party, has had the m >¿-
sammity to meet this question openlv and raanlv
upon every occasion. Sir, he is no ordinary man.
He never amuses us here with any shallow ideas
that flit across his mind. No, sir, he speaks ad-
visedly or not at all, and by so doin/, he has well
earned for himself the high honorihat has recent-
ly been conferred on him by his p"arty in the State
of Mame. What doe  he say? What did he say
on this- floor during a debate, m which he had an
occasion to reply to some remarks of my honora-
ble colleague from North Carolina, [Mr McKay']
S.r, I am glad that the gentleman [Mr Evans]
is present, aied I have him now in my eye, and it
1 mistake him, I call on him to correct me. Tnat
gentlemen then emphatically said, for I wro'e it
down at the time, that it was not to the amount
that this Administration had expended, but to its
not having spent enr ugh,'o wttich he objected, also
to the manner aud objects 'o  vhnh the money had
been applied. He was the advocate of no penu-
rious, close fisted economy. He wa? for a liberal
expenditure, such as was necessary to carry on all
t-e internal .improvements of ihe country, for re-
pairing our fortifications, building haibors, im-
proving our n?vy, ¡fee &e This, sir, was what I
then undirsto id tbat gentlempn lo 'ay, and alii
have heard lrom him this session has been in cor-
roboration of the e views. (Mr. K made i,o re
ply ) Now, s r, I ask again and again, how do
these sentiments comport with this continued cry
from this small fty of politicians about "extrava-
gance and corruption'!"—men, sir, that are not even
permitted in council oí the gnat agnators trum-
•elves, who have ultcuoi and higher objects m
view.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is one othei th.n; to
which I wish to call the alter tu n of this House
and this count)y The honorable gentleman from
Maint [Mr Evans] has staled empliatually, I think,
a°am and again, m this H< use, tnat it was not the
jross amount en txpenditiues that had been made by
this Admirn traliou lo which he had objected, bui
moie to tl en ' nifrgfinly parsimony,' (I think tnese
ueie Ihe woids winch lie used on cie occasion ) and
to the manner and ubjects of thesj txpendituies. I,
sir, have sp< ken, m another place, ot thisgmtle-
man's high landing with his party, «nd the w eight
to which eveiy thing that falls tiom him is entitled
Now, sir, mark n, I ha ! the honor, but a few days
sine, to visit an< therpait ot tai Capitol,* «here
llns veiy subject o' "ihe extravagance, prod gil ly,
and corruption," ot mis Artminisliation, was under
consideration It was then and there, ft r the firs'
tiim , that I hi ird and s,vw ihe gauntlet thiown
down by a distinguished gentleman,f and all chal-
lenged to touch it who daie to discoss, rtem by
item, ihe expdiency, economy, net c" >ity, and pro-
priety, of any single obj >ct of expenditure that had
b en incurred by the present Administration, and,
mi, who can conceive my u'ter astonishment,
when I saw this challenge declined, on the plei
enteied by another distinguished individual,*
that it was to the gioss amoutU that objections
to its extravagance had been made, and not
to the items or particular manner ot the expen-
ditures. Now, sir, here are two positions taken by
men ih* most distinguished of thnr party, as dia-
metrically oppisite as are the poles, yet both are
limned on with equal fervor 'o tre consummation
of iheir ulnmal', though diametrically opposite, ob-
jects Su, in ihi-, they both c-timot be right, there
is a cfV dly cioss fire in th"ir own íanks, by soldier
of equal skill, that prove  by demonstration, concm-
' ivt ly, that they are m a false position, and that a
retreat or destruction is inevitable.
But the cry ot "con upturn, extravagante-, and pio-
di«altty," still rings thiouoh my ears This caff,
caw, caw note, that has been so mucn mug n every
sect on of oui b loved country, to impose upon th..
innocent, but too credulous veomanry of our bard
working and laboring popuht'ion, to win them
forn Ihe p-oductive inirrtst and suojugate them to
the ru'e oí unpioductiveswindling coiporatiors
To expose the au'hois of these impositions,
wh'ch, I conless, commencíd a  d hid their ongn
here, I hold in my hand a decument which should
"Í wasmfoimed by Mi M\svin of New Yoik, the mover of
this prop >smon, that it embraced an expe^duoie of S¿,000,000,
bv o tiers neater 410 OCIO 000
'lit Buchanan of Pennsylvania
i Mi  Olav of Kentucky
forever put to blush the individual who shall dare
repeat it again on this floor, however of en it may
be repeated by others abioad, for the want of better
information. It is composed of the six standing
rules, of the 26 h Congress, of this House, and is
to be found m the following wcrds, page 50, "Con-
grcional Directory," 1841.
"The following standing committees were appointed at the
first session, and stand through the Congieos
Committee on Expenditurestn the Depai tment of State —
Messrs Joseph R Underwood, Kentucky, Joshua Lowell,
Maine, Jesse A Kynum ISorth Caí hna, Joseph Trumbull,
Connecticut   George W Ciabb, Alabama
Committee on Expenditures in the Department of the
Treasury—Messrs George Evans, Mame, Lot Wairen,
Georgia Chales G Atherton, New Hampshire, Nathaniel
Jones  New 1 oik   Thomas Osborne, Connecticut
Committee on Dxrendtlm es m the Department of War —
M£ srs Petei J }\agnzr, I\ew York, Reuben Chapman,
Alabama Isaac T Holmes, south Carolina, Nicholas B Doe,
NewYoik, James Cooper Pen svivania
Committee on III >endilu es in the Depaitment of the
Nuiij —Messrs htieietl Saltonstall, Massachusetts, Willis
Oipf-n, Kentucky A-uon Vai deipoel Isew Yoik, James Gerry,
Pennsylvania   William Simunton, Pennsylvania
Committee on &j,penditureo in the Department of the
Post Office—Mcsms JUthard P Man in New York, Gut
vet Davis Kentuck\ , Linn Boyd, Kentucky, Henry 8 Lanp,
Indiana, Joshua L iwell, Maine
6 mnnttee on Tlxpciidiluits on the Puólic Buildings —
Me^rs Edward Stanly Noiih Carolina Thomas Henry,
Pennsylvania, Joseph r unance,Pennsylvania, NehemiahEail,
iNewlork Seth M Gales, New \oik
Here, Mr Cnairman, are six standing commit-
tees, composed of five members, with aebaumanon
each, and two oihers, who are Whig , and are as
violently opposed to this Administration d3 men
wtll can hi.
The chairman of each committee is a Whig, and
w ih two otbeis, i.iiking three out of five. They
liivr full pjwei oí lh  investigation of any sub-
ject inH may have bad the least relau n to any
expenditures, in any on. of ¡hose several depart-
ment Yta, su, more upon the suggestion, or
the suspicion ot any exliavaganee and corruption
in any of those departmMts, it became their duty
to institute m mediate investigation, and to report
the r« ult to tni* House aud the country.
It was tne duU,nKo, oí every member of this
IIou e, who shou'd have enteitained the remotest
idea of coir ipiion or ejtravagance existing in any
of these departmen s, to have made it known by
resolution through this House, and instructed the
coinniiuee, who had cognizance of the facts, to
have inquired into them, and reported forthwith
the facts 10 the Hem e and the country.
Here, su, was the field widely opened to all in-
vestigation, with committees packed in their own fa-
vor upon every subject lh.it v as connected with the
Government, financial and otherwise. Every de-
partment was thrown open to iliem, and they were
invited to walk in, >o examine lo their hearts' con-
t nt
There wss no longei a neces-ity for special com-
mittees to mve tigaie fraud, extravagance, or cor-
ruption Here they weie appointed by their own
Speaker, wiih three out of five members on each
committee, with the chairman at their head Here,
sir, they have had full power to ascertain the
facts m relation to every species of corruption
and extravagance For the whole of the last
session, occujijmg near eight months, were
those committees in session, and the whole of this
present session, and what have they done in the
way of detection and exposition of extravagance
and corruption? Not one single thing, save and
except $116 or J,21b, in relation to this said branch
mint, and which all admit was laid out for the
benefit of the public grounds connecled with this
mint Such, sir, is tne record, and are the facts
m ¡elation to this universal cry and "caw note"
about cerruptio'i and extravagance, which has
caused so much ihe condemn^ tioa of this Demo-
ciatie Adnimis'iauin.
Such has been the lacdiUes given to their oppo-
nents by the Dei'ocrnts of this body to investigate
eveiy suppo*able case ct fiaud, corruption, or ex-
travagance, and wi'h whet grace, I a«k now, can
any honorable gen'leman n«e here, and repeat this
charge, known g, ¡.s he musí, that he has
only to intimate it to ene cf h s friends on
'hose con mtttee , or it become- his duty,
which he owes both to this House and
his   constituents,   10 propose   to  instruct one   of
I
i
t
í
I
í
i
t
Í
i
t
I
¡*
#
i
*
I
¡8
8
m
¡ó
(¡i
W
k
«Si
!tt.
H
m
(I
"Those names in italics are "Wkifjs with the chairman of earli
committee
