S80__________________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                Feb. 1841.
26th Cong-"-2ni) Sess.                         Branch Mint in North Carolina—Mr. Bynum.                                        H. of Reps.
have realized all their splesdid hopes of a "great
national debt being a great national blessing."
' Such were the extravagance, prodigality, and
corruption, to which we directed all our energies
of reform in the revolution of 1828; against this
monstrous doctrine, of British origin, that "agreat na-
tional debt is agreat national blessing," it was against
that we waged war, which resulted in a glorious
triumph, and the prostration of the whole "Ameri-
can system" party, who were then their advocates,
but? who are now again raised to power by the wild
infatuation of a deluded country, who, in my judg-
ment, are destined to witness (if they have no! autho-
rized if by their own recent acts) a reiteration of
the same attempt to rivet on ihem the renewal of
this selfsame "American system,"—with recupera-
ted energies, backed and sustained by the omnipo-
tent power of the great paper credit system, to filch
from the laboring and productive classes the profits
of their industry, and, by its power of oppre-sion ot
those classes, to subjugate them, and force them to
a final acquiescence and submission to their tyran-
nical and oppressive measures of tariff taxation—of
extortion, and extravagance.
This is ihe species of extlavaganee and corrup-
tion, and their results, that 'tthe Democracy were
pledged to oppose, and which they have fatihfully,
carried out to the letter, so fat as they have hgd
the power. Nor have they failed, upon proper evi-
dence being produced, to correct' such other eS tra-
vagance in any of the departrnents\of the Govern-
ment that may have occurred even anraugsrthe sala-
ri«d officers, however much of minor con;-eqt.icnce to
the great principles of extravagance, that ihey had
in view for reformation and retrf nchmetit.
It is remarkable, sir, to have observed the decla-
rations of the honorable member from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] in relation to our Stale debt .
He stated that the debts of the States were
upwards of $200,000,000, and that they had been in-
curred for inieinal improvements, which should
have been effected for ihem by the General Go-
vernment—no great difference between die absolute
debt and the projected one, as s:ated in the speech
of the distinguished Senator Irom South Ca-
rolina, to which I have referred; and the only
difference i.«, ¡ikely, that which might be
saved by the conducting such works by the
States hanng them under their immediate con-
trol, and that of the General Government,
whose control would be more remote and more suj-
ceptible of a loss. And in this, wo, the honorable
member gives us no obscure hint, that it is the de-
sign of his party, if they dare do it, to a:sume these
debts of the Stales in some shape or other, and
saddle them on the shoulders of the General Go-
vernment. In fact, in substance, such were his
emphatic declaration". But, sir, I will pursue that
branch of the subject no farther, in vindication tf
the party with which I act, ugainst the charge of
extravagance and corruption, and feel perfectly
safe in trusting the whole subject to an impartial
public.
I will return again to the branch mint, for the
continuance of which, a motion has been made hy
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Green,]Io strike out ¡he appropriation. I corri-
dcr this question as directly involving the conside-
ration of a National Bank. We cumot be for
abolishing our mints, without having in contempla-
tion a f ubsti'ne; and sir, no one will deny that that
substitute is a National Bank. The annihilation,
of one is, in effect, the substitution of the other.
They are, in fact, antagonistic-al propositions in a
great measure. The friends of the one are prone to
view the other with great suspicion.
Now, sir, I here take my stand, not only against
a National Bank as a substitute for our mints—to
afford the laboring aaricu'tural classes paper pro-
mises as a substitute for gold and silver, as equiva-
lent for their labor and produce—but, sir, against
the whole system of banking as it is now c-rried on
in this country, as one of plunder and robbeiy of the
great planting, productive, and laboring classes of
the country. I stand opposed to this whole system
of robbery of tbe planting, lab >nng, mechanical
clashes, as one unknown to the constilutional
framers of our Government, and one wh-ch was
openly and expressly repudiated and rejected by
them, in refusing to firant ihe power (while in the
Federal Convention that sat at Philadelphia) to
Congiess to form, or:ginate, or establish, any such
corporations whatever. I oppose them, sir, as a
tpurious batch—anoff'-pring illegitimatel/begotten
of your Government, b ;ih State and General^if you
please, unauthorized, and not sanctioned by any
safeguard of your nation. I oppose them aa en
gendering, and as having already engendered, an
interest and influence in the country, not proviSed
for Uijderthe Constitution of the nation, nor foresee,
nor even dreamed of, by its illustrious foundcrs-X
an interest that ha1? grown, sir, with gigantic^
strides, and has thrown a shaJr, and does, at tins
lime, both here and abroad, over all other in-
terest known End provided for by ¡he fathers of the
Constitution.
Sir, what were the great interests referred to
dur.ng the long discussions that took place in Ihe
Federal Convention that framed jour Constitution?
What were those referred to in >our State Ci nven-
tions that ?anctionrd .your Federal Constitution?
What were they, I emphatically ask, (after the
.preservation of liberty,) but ihe commercial, ma-
Kvfacturivg, and agricultural interests of the coun-
try? They held them as Ihe great primary
interests of the nation, as spoken of, referred to,
and reiterated over and over again in your Federal
Convention, and in eveiy Stale Convention that
was held at that time in the nation; but, sir, which
are now held as only secondary considerations to
the great paiamount interest of bank corp* nations,
rallying around them all the unproductive interests
and influences of Ihe nation, more polmt than all
the others combined, and have thereby effected
a most compbte revolution in the whole theory
and practice of your constitutional Government,
and if not speoiiily arrested in their inward course,
bus-, in future make and unmake all your Presi-
dents, ad libitum, and monarchs too, if it be their plea-
sure.
Will any man here dare deny their predominant
influence in this nation at this time over any oiu
other intere;t, and all combined, of those to which I
hare referred. A fact not more humiliating to the
pioudspiiit of every free American,tnan it is appal-
ling to every friend to the freedom and independence
of bis country throughout ihe Republic They have
effected a revolution in our who.e free Republican
syttem, that the united armies of all Christendom
could not h .ve effected in the same length of lime.
FaUn, which tbe faithful historian must record, to
our shame and lading jiifamy, proving ourselvei a
degenerale race of a noble ancestry.
But, Mr. Chairman, we are told ihat in the last
Presidential election, ill" people decided in fa-
vor of a National Sink, and sanctioned this mon-
strous system of banking in iho country. Sir, can
if be so? I cannot believe it. We have not less
¡ban ten subjects that the people, we are told, de-
cided at the last Presidential election, and have they
done it?    Here they are—
l->t Thst they are to have a National Bank of
$50,000,000 or $100,000,000 capital.
21. Thai the taxes are to be increased by an in-
crease of your tariff (upon luxuries, you are kind
enough tosav,)&e.
31. The distiibution of the proceeds of the pub-
lie lands.
4 h. internal improvement by the General Go-
vernment, or the assumption of the State debu.
5'f!. Reform and retrenchment, and the expul-
sion of corruption, &c.
6'h. The erection of light houses and th?
building and rebuilding of harbors, fortifications,
&c.
7tb. That the making a national debt lo supply
temporary deficiencies in the revenue, was preiera-
ble to the use of Treasury notes, looking to n as a
na'ional blessing.
8 h. The immediate and unqualifid repeal of
the Independent Treasury law, and the immediate
imnion of Bank and Stale to Jleece and tyrannize
over oar people.
9th. The call of an extra session, to put iu ope-
ration this odious system, before the people are al-
lowed time to detect the imposition.
10th, and lastly. That General William Henry
Harrison is a real, and not a ¡ham hero.
I mi ht a.ld another, which ths Abolitionists say
was decided in their favor; but as it might be con-
sidered out of order, I shall omit it for the present.
[Here some of the Southern members said, in
an under tone, it was out of order, and the chair-
man indicated that it would be.]
Sir, I shall not press it, although I believe it was
decided in their.favor a* much as any other ques-
tion was decided by tbe people, except that General
Harrison should be President—an effect which
was produced, in my opinion, by combined causes,
brought aisout mostly by that great and potent in-
fluence''of the banking interest, which, by a cerlain
'■■-rjiofiSss, wis made to circulate through and pene-
trate every city, village, and hamlet in tbe land.
I do not'believe, sir, that the mass of the people
were bribed by those institutions. No, sir: far bi
it from me to suppose such a thing. There was no
cause for such bribery. But that ihese institutions,
or those mtertsted deeply m them, used them as po-
litical machinery to coerce, rouss and agitale the
people against their Government, there ¡s not a
doubt in the miad of any intelligent man in this
country, and 'hat their means were used, in every
possible way, to effect iheir object, there is just as
little doubt? It may ba asked, how was this
done. I answer, in a variety of ways. First, by fur-
nishing and circulating, by agents employed, politi-
cal documents themselves; and secondly, by fur-
nishing their partisans the means to do it; the
enlisting public presses, by accommodations
in their favor, and furnishing (he means for by
contin asnee of some, and ihe establishing of others,
through tfce whole country, lo operate upon public
op.nion, and to louse and excite ¡he people to re-
sist any and every thing in Government that did
not promote their immediate interest*. Yes, sir,
yer; you now have it; it was the influence of the
banking institutions ofer the public presses of the
country, that brought about, more than imy other
cause, the revolution in 1P40; and, sir,with the same
machinery and material , they can bring about ano-
ther in 1844, and 1848,and 1852, and as ofien as it
becomes thfir interest to do so, until the people are
arcused with a juu sense of the enot¡muy of their
powers, and the variety of means they use to effect
their objects, a':d pass sentence of am.hilation or
reform on iheir whole system of operation. Yes,
sir, here is the interest. Here is the influeace that
has undermined Ihe great constitutional fabric
elected by the immortal fathers of the Revolution
of 1776. This has been the operation of that bas-
tardly power, unbegotten of ihe Constitution of our
forefathers—rejec'.ed and repudiated by them in
convention assembled, to ¡nfluen.'e and ovefcome
the rieht of suffrage of a great, and free people, in
ihe seleclion of the highest presiding officer of the
nation.
Yet we are insultingly told that the people wills
that it should be so. We are told, too, ¡f the banks
are let alone they will give peace to the country.
How, sn? Ho ? I say while they exist as they
are, there ru-ver can be peace or repose in this
country. Do« not the \ery success of their ope-
rations depend upon iheir expansions and contrac-
tions. While this process is continued, how can
there bs peace or repose? Sir, the very idea of a
banks giving peace or repose to a people, is" a con-
tradiction in the very nature of things; they never,
never, can have it while they ccist unbridled, as they
have been for years. I have asserted that the whole
syste i! of banking is a mere system of extracting
the profits of the laborer and producer, from the
hands of those who toil in its production; as an
illustration of the fact, suppose there was a com-
munity of bankers, and no other subjects upon
which they could operate? Can ihe mind conceive
a condition more wretched, in which mankind
could be placed? Why, sir, such weuld be the
s'arving condition of such a community, that they
would be compeled to feed one upon the carcass of
another, until the entire society should become ex-
■ tinct.
¡Bat, sir, how different would that community be
who hveá without the curse of those institutions,
who depend upon their honest labor for a liveli-
hood, and the produce of the soil given them by
the God of nature, whereon to feed and. procure
their raiment?  In such a state, a comttiunity could
