Fekl84t.           ____________APPENDIX TO THE CONQgEjSjONAL^LOBE._______________■              3{
26th Cong. •• 2nd Ses&.______________Branch Mint in North Carolina—Mr. Bynum.                                         H. of Reps.
not fail to enioy ail tot b'es ings that the earth
afforded, wi'hout the least p^spcct of sta'vat.on,
or of suffering, where tne means ot industry were
properly applied, ard the greatest profusion and
abundance ia the prrduetion of th? earth wou'd
be theirs. Such would be the striking contrast be-
tween a binkins; comraomy, and one where a
bank was not allowed lo exist It is therefo e
clear that it is from the productive «merest alone,
thatbanks derive theirgreates tprofits, either directly
or indirectly.
Sir, these institutions are at war with the bfst
interests of the nation in. anothet way. They at>
tract both capital and nbor of thou«ancU and hun-
dreds of thousands ¡rom th° pursuits ot productive
industry and mechanical abor, and convert them
into an unproduc'ive mass of bankers, stockjob-
bers, speculator1-, and sinecures, and dissemna'e
them throughout the country, to suck the very
life's blood of tilosa who do labor m mechan s.u, or
in the cultivation of the sril. So far, ihen, they
operate most injuriously 'o the greM growuiH inte-
rests of the nation, and add nothing to tb^ wealth of
the country, but act as continual embarrassments
to its onward course in t-e production of vb'tm-
tial national wealth, and creating continual embai-
rassments to the operation of oar whol political ma-
chine, by their eternal contractions, extor'tors, and
expansions, and theieby r ndcrin2; themselves a
blight to all our ín'ernai repose ai.d national p^os
penty.
Their injurious ope aticns, 00 upon our manufac-
turing clauses, seem tohavebeengreally oveilocked
by many of the first s 0. < binen and financiers of
the age. It dogs appear sir, ciear to me, that no-
thing could act more ¡Djuncus to 1 he manufac ur-
ing interest ihems<*lve', than the banking system
to which I have a'lude'', and a" the head of which
I have placed a great National Bank. It is ce¿r
to my view as noon d, y,(d>on2hm manufacturer,)
that the whole operation oí ihc ban'; r g system, a1-
at present carried on, is in deadly hostiiy to
every manufactunrg ii.fre t in the nation, and
thus here involves the immediate consid iat,oo of
1 s operation on the tariff to a certain extent To
me it has been an uuaccountab'e i¿c>, that the
most of those who proressu<3 tae gre?t st tuend-
sbip for the manufactories, and th  so st strenu-
ous advocates for hiah protective U-ifi\ foi the
benefit of tho<e mannfsc'ories, should ne the loud-
est in then cics for a Na ruial Bank, and 'ne m< st
active advocn~s rf every S a'e n-titution of a
banking charactt r
Now, sir, it do-s aipca. tj me mo t oovious,
that nothing could oe more destructive to ti e
manufactur ng m'ere t% t«an an inflated, bloated
paper currency, gi.' n b, he«p banks to the cmn-
try; and to ,-sk íor pío echon, by a taritf, to your
manufacturing m eies', ■"'hue you advocate ihe
banking sjs'em with its infiVed orrercy, does
appjar to be an nc">nsi terc/ amounting '0 a siate
of delirium cr madness—a helero lex at war with
the plainest doctrine- of an unbiassed rea on and
practical common ene L-tns examine for a mo-
ment the practical opera'10c? By this pa^er inflated
currency, the price of every article of consump-
tion, the pri e of every coturno nty ncces^ai} to be
used in >our manu'acton  —'he price tf l.,bor,
even, is raised u a fictittJis ai'd inflated ta'ue ¡n
your opera t'on«, ti tLe imoart of from one to two
hundred per ten'. Under these citcdirtoiancc ,
jour raw ma'mttfo ai> ria uf Cmredat an iB.m'nsf
cost, arising entire v m 111 tie simulated ¡I'fUuon
of your paper currency ha ling s,stcm. Ti.cyaie
then taken by the vender to ma >ci, ( a> 1.1 Pi>da-
delphia, if you p' a<e, and pre here bioug''t in
competition, for the firs' t me, vith similar ubrie-
manutactured in Europe, (say in England, France,
or Geimanj,) vh re the farr ^ or <i/ni árameles
hive been manufactured, wi h labor, wh coram -
dilles of fonsumpti n, 01 u-e in the fpvncanon ot
the articles, procuiul a the prices given trum by a
mors stable and permam n' curreney, at a lesj 1 ost
tothemanufactuier, by from one hundred to iwo
hundred, and sometimes foar or five hundred per
cent. By ¡bis means, it is clear that the American
manufacturer, with no belter aiticle, is compelled
to sell at double the ¡r-'Ge at which similar and often
better articles can  be purchased of the European
manufacturers; ¿t,d the consequence is, that he
cannot sell at a),, s nd he is driven out of maikft.
What is the next step? Ha flus to Congress for a
remedy. The European or foreign articles must
b' taxed to the t-eth b/ aiscjf, either to exc ude
them from our markets, or to lay it so high on them
as to disable them f-om selling to us their ar'icks,
though of a bet er quality, s> so low a price
Sir, m obedience to the demand of the American
manufae'urer, the tariff-tax is raided from 50, 100,
150, to 200 percent, on the foreign articles, to
force them to a demand for their goods, the same
high prices that the American manufacturer asks
for h' , oi to quit vour markets
Wei , sir, thi  is protection to American manu-
factures. Foreign articles are by th's process
either excluded, or are forced to be sold, at the
same high prices that the home made articles are
sold for. And, sir, contented might we be it this
operjt on only stopped here, and its consequence?
were no worse.
At this, all clamor ceases from that quar'er,
though at a great public sacrifice to all otnsr inte-
rests. Things fcra whde seemed to go on well;
but on a sudden your banks agiin expand; and la-
bor, ai-d provision, andfall nece-sary articles in the
manufactories are 3gain increased in valuation,
and again an add nonal ineiea-e in t'   price of all
American manufacture! aioee 1  increased and
demande I, m p.op irtioi o h  a Iditrmal q lamity
of tbe expansu n of jour ba'ks Wha% ?gam, is
the result to your manufactu er? He is ag. m un-
dersold by the foreigner, as be is by the inflation
and expansion of the banks compelled t- sell, if
at ail, ata higher price, bein^ forced b^ that op«r?
tionto faénete his a*tides a' a greatei cost. And
\ hat next, «>r? The cla or for protection is a a'n
ruis'd to the skies, and another demand is made on
Congress to raise your tariff taxes, to enable our
manuficiu e o to sell in our own na'kp', and to
coiipeie v,ith ib." torero*r, v,hi has ciosyd the
ocean, pa.il hi  tariff tax, and is enabled to urder-
seii, by th's operation, th'American rranutacturer.
In obedience to ,]v% demand, Congre s asjain i«>-
cr<ra=es the tm iff tax to 25 or 50 rer centum; this
sfftrds temporary relief, and gives a monviitary
quiet, unt'l, rga n, your banking capital is in-
creased, or siiother expansion is mad?, and with
the report to the same process ' ver and ever again,
and thi"! >s produced, by the clandest'ne operation
of mis bankms maeh aery, 0 e continued «cene of
revolution, cra^'n, aud confuí >n, .n the whole body
pdinc.
[Here Mr. Lincoln rose and calkd Mr. B. to
orcer for discu^sm" the tariff, end caid he repre
scn'ed an interest d eply mtere'-'ed in ih it 'ubject,
ana tf the subject uas gohe n to, he sboulo ' el t
h s duty to reply to toe remarks of the gentleman
ot North Carolma ]
The Chairman (tir. Bell of TeniMa^ee) sa'd,
the d scussion of me tariff was tut of urde"
Mr. Bynlm siid tha' it vas very f?r fiom hi^
purp  se to discuss tb.3 stib]eot of the tariff at this
time—in fret, nothing co"ld Demon --o, 111s o^j ct
«as only to show l ow injurious to ÚV o,iera 'on nl
the tariff sj «tea. the existence • f a Na ion d Bank
was, in connection w in the whole bank^^ s^s cm,
a'.d to pn vt by U the ,mi ih J of aN .( rn5.' B-rk,
and 1 s ij'rcjaop ia ' iroi he miruirctur ng
mieic^t ; I w. ■-, therefore, perf<c'ly m Cidf-r ior
h m to reier, lrcil'ntaUy, to die tariff.
M"- B conunn d He had tut on  1 t'scr vk\ to
take 01 t is subuc , vu c'a h-> , m irla ion to the
p'oce s oí ihe p a^ti.-il vij.eration 0' he bn it ng
>-istem on tie pnce of ¡oe i¡ianuf«cturtd aiticle of
the country, m demonst st on of tne .njunous and
de"-tructive elects cf the banking sjsiem.
I have shown (said Mr 3 ) in vn>t 'rarn^r
d e bank> affeeled tne prees of mannfac uiei
artic'es of th's crantij. tin'er the pioteclton of
tha tariff system 1 wi'l now undertake to show
that so long as the bardis are encouracel
and st mulated !o laflaie }Our "paper cur-
rency," and ratse all domestic arue'es to th;
prices cf a "paper currency valuation," that the
increase of your tariffs, aid their continuation
even, is but a bounty paid to your bankers out of
¡he profits of the productive clas-es, without afford-
ing the least relief to the manufacturers, for whose
benefit it is mterded. Now here is the practical
operation; and it is in the worst light that the sub-
ject can be Viewed: by your ' banking paper
currency" inflated prices, every article is increased,
and to its highest price. Then this was the natural
process prac'ically resorted to by your foreign im-
porter, 10 undersell your American manufacturer.
Remember the price of all article? is now at their
maximum, or highest pitch. The foreigner im-
ports his goods, pa\s the tariff tax on them, and
sells the-n again in the market at the inflated price
created by the paper currency. He receives his
money in the currency of the country—paper, of
course. H s first step is to lake it to the bank and
demand for it the specie, which, so long as the
banks pay it out at all, is given to the foreigner.
This specie is taken back to England, France, or
Germany, and is again laid out in the purchase of
foreign manufactured articles, at a specie currency
valuatioo, at a price less by from 1 to 2, or 500
per centum of their selling price here, givsn them
under the írfluence of the "inflated paper currency
systi m;" and thus ih- foreigner is again enabled,
by the low prices m Earope at which he buys, and
ihe increased high prices here, at which he sells,
to pay, without injury to himself at all, tbe
amount of the increased tariff by which he is taxed
here. By this process, you will see it is per-
fectly plain that by the increase of your tariff faxes,
direct or incidental, while the banks retain the
power of expansion, and your banking capital is
increased, you afford, not aid to the American
manufacturer at all, but keep h.m eternally in the
hands of his foreign competitor; and what is equal-
ly impolitic and injurious, it keeps up a perpetual
dram of the spec e fiom our country, and leaves
the banks in a situation totally unabie to comply
wi'h their domestic engagements of keeping their
p-per equvaient to specie; by which rumous and
detractive pohcy tV ^bo'e people of the nation
are brought to suffer mos' distressingly—all sv,
all, resulting from ¡lus most rumous system of
bjnking corporations and fictitious paper cre-
d't system. Such I have shown is the practical
opera ion on tbe the tariff system and the manufac-
turing interests 01 the country. Let them look to
i', and be prepared to meet its consequences.
Mr. B. said Í will now endeavor jo show in
whai manner this paper money curreney affects
the gr at growing, pUnfng interests of the South,
if Is ould not be considered out oí ordei m doing
-0, tilth h1 same view that I ha.-e attempted to
show m wnat manner it operand on the great ma-
nufacturing inttre-ts of the North
I tins day M'eve the people of the South the
most oppte-sed and the most deluded people in re-
lation to ihe opfratonof their own Government,
of any portion of people m the American Repub-
lic. They pay at this time, in many of the States,
a greater tax, in proportion to their capital and
p-iva'c myes. men'", than anv pa>¡de on the in-
habitable globe. What are ¡he operations of this
"iDfl«aed piper sjsiem" on the planting, producing
and expor ing ciaste 1 S r, the South constitutes
teiy nta>- the whole of your exporting interest.
Rce, tobacco, and cot on, are ihe great articles of
eXijortattcn of the country; they aie exclusively of
Sjuthem growth, with a small exc°ption. Now,
mi, the pitee of those articles 1, but little affected,
if stall, bj our own "infi/tle/l paper currency;" the
p-ues of tho-e articles depend exclusively, and
al nost entirely, upon the currency of those foreign
r larueis m which they are cold—I e. the currency
01 the Snali-h, French, Germ.-n, tnd other Euro-
P'an market., where those anieles aie sold, and
whio  currency, in those ma kets, is emphatically,
to allint-n s and pjrposes, a specie currency, and
belo,v tb.it of ouw from fifty to two hundred per
centum, and upon those foreign markets, with this
specie cunency, are ihe whole South, or at least
the y owing interests of the S^uth, entirely de-
penden'for the prices of the artic'es of then pro-
duc'ive l^boF- The "inflated currency" here made
by bank issues, cannot affect the price of iheir pro-
duce abroad This lb too pla'B to admit of a doubt
in any practical view that may be taken of the sub-
ject. Then, >ir, how is that great essential and in-
valuable interest frcm which we derive eight-tenths
of our  national wealth and revenue,  (or there-
