Dec. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$85
26th Cong-'"2nd Sess.
outrage upon the sovereign authority of the States.
The gentleman has failed to inform ihe House how
many millions of acres of public lands ihe General
Government has granted to the new States for the
purpose of education. One fhirty'Stxth portion of
the lands within their limits has been granted for
this purpose alone, to the total exclusion of the old
States; and this done, too, by Congress when the
vote of the new States was very inconsiderable.
But now we are told that the new States have
found out their strength, that they will first ad-
vocate pre-emptions and graduation of prices, and,
finally, a total surrender of the whole to their cu-
pidity.
Mr. Johnson said that he was unwilling to treat
so grave a question with the slightest levity, but he
could not better illustrate the justice and force of
the gentleman's remarks, than by stating that it
called to his memory the incident of a last will and
testament of a gentleman who resided in one of the
counties of Virginia, as he was informed by a dis-
tinguished citizen. This gentleman had fourteen
sons, towards all of whom he cherished the kindest
regard and lenderest affection; and, as often hap-
pens with an ancient parent, the youngest child be-
came the greatest favorite. The confiding parent
got his youngest son to write his will for him, in
which he gave h'S homestead and stock—in short,
aij his real and personal estate, to this most honest,
youngest son, and the raí of the estate to be divided
equally among his brothers. [Much laughter.]
And so are the thirteen old States to fare, if the
gentleman speaks the sentiments of the new States.
After they have received grants of many millions
of acres—after they have grown up vigorously
amidst the liberal policy of the General Govern-
ment, they come here and taunt the House with
their power and srength; telling us that justice no
longer had a habitation in their bosoms, but that
they came here armed with power, and would teach
the old States not only that they will receive with-
out acknowledgment past kindnesses, but that, by
force of numbers, they will rescue the just heritage
of the old States from them. Language of this
kind might do to flatter the vicious taste of some
few men; but he believed that it did not speak the
sentiments of the people of the West. He believed
that they would scorn the man who would wish to
rob his neighbor for his own immediate benefit. He
believed that gentlemen who uttered this language
were not speaking the sentiments of a magnanimous
and high-minded constituency.
The gentleman urges upon the House the neces-
sity for a reduction of the prices of the public
lands, because some land has been surveyed for
ten, and some fifteen j ears, that is not yet entered
at the land offices. Mr. J. would ask if that wa«
not owing to a want of population and capital ra-
ther than a want of value in the lands. Can it be
expected that the whole public domain is to be peo-
pled with inhabitants, from the Wabash to the
Hocky Mountains, in a few brief years? The old
States are now annually drained of their wealth
and their population to fill up the West. And
where, upon the face of the globe, is labor so well
rewarded as in the new States, or where is wealth
so rapidly accumulating?
If the gentleman wiil examine the reports made
to this House, he will find that the lands estimated
as worth but a quauer and the eighth of a dollar a
few years ago are now entered with great avidity
for a dollar and twenty-five cents. The simple
factsconnec'ed with the settlement of the public
lands overthrow all the gentleman's assumptions
and reasoning.                                                     '
And he would appeal to the members from Mis-
sissippi, even Tennessee, and especially Alabama,
for the truth of what he would assert, that, in those
States, at ihe present reduced Government price, if
it was not a mode of continual practice for plan-
ters to enter lands at one dollar and twentj-five
cents an acre, and place them in cultivation a few
years, without renewing the sojl by the mineral or
vegetable manures, discard tbem and enter fresh
land?, and continue this process until the destruc-
tion of the soil followed their advance, and a diea-
ry waste was left by this migratory cultivation.
The gentleman's proposition would be to encou-
rage this process of desolating the lands, ratker than
25
Public Lands—Mr. W. C. Johnson.
invi'c entries for permanent abode and cultivation;
and it would encourage false entries and perjuries,
and feed the i satiate appetite of the thousands of
land speculators.
Mr. J. then alluded to some remarks whieh fell
from Mr. Pickens, and said that he could not agree
that the Western States were m the condition of
colonies, nor could he advocate the views of that
gentleman, as he understood them, to surrender
the public domain at once to the States, upon the
condition of their returning a portion of the pro-
ceeds of sales to ihe National Treasury. He would
acquit the gentleman from South Carolina of any
improper motive in his course, but he. believed that
there were those in the nation who were playing
high political games upon the capital of the nation
—who were offering, as in times of old, largesses
of the public property to effect selfish ends. And
the effort at the other end of the Capitol to surren-
der the public domain to the States would fail of
its purpose; 'he prominent gentleman who may
have expected to gain the favor of the pre-emption
settlers and squatters, would find that they would
most warmly oppose his plan, because they would
find it more difficult to take advantage of the States
than of the Gsneral Government. Their selfish
purposes could be tetter attained by the present
than by that plan; and, in the end, if that plan
should be effected, the General Government would
quickly lose the proceeds of sale, after it had dis-
posed of its own right to sell. The suspension of
a State would be more embarrassing to the Gene-
ral Government than the suspension of payments
by a bank, and an execution would be an awk-
wark process to coerce payment in the event of de-
linquency.
He (Mr. J.) did not look to the increased repre-
sentation of the new States on' this floor with the
same distrust as many other members. He thought
that Ohio and Indiana were old States, as far as
their interests were involved. Their distributive
share of the public lands was an interest para-
moun' to any other; and so had Ohio spoken by its
legislative resolves; and such he believed to be the
real interest of alt the new States as well as the
old- He believed that the calm and practical judg-
ment of the citizens of the new States would so
decide. Not only those who have entered lands at
Government price, whom the Government would
now injure by reducing the price, but all save land
jobbers and land speculators, and political specula-
tors of small intrinsic capital, wi h but few excep-
tions.
The gentleman who first addressed the House
[Mr. Reynolds] said that the Western States are
embarrassed m their finances. He (Mr. J.) would
grant it, and that fact would be an argument
against the plan of almost wholly abandoning the
public domain to rapacious speculators. The old
States are also embarrasssd; and hence the interests
of the old and th-3 new are identical. Their mu-
tual interest is to have their own property divided
fairly among the whole, so that they can relieve
themselves from their embarrassments. His own
State, (Maryland,) Pennsylvania, and o her Slates,
required their just share cf the fund arising from
the sales of the public lands. Maryland had com-
menced a vast system of internal improvement,
and one too extensive perhaps for her present
limited means; but, wiih her share of ihe proceeds
of the sales of the public land?, she could prose-
cute it, aad bé relieved fram direct taxation, other-
wise there would be great embarras.mint. Penn-
sylvaniabas h-ad recourse to direct taxation, and
she has claimed, by resolutions of her State, as
Maryland and other States have done, her just pro-
portion of this fund, set apart by ¡he sets of ces-
sion of the various S'ates surrendeiirtg the publ.c
domain to the Genera! Government as a trustee, to
divide the trust fund faithfully and fairly among
all the Slates.
Mr. J. then turning and addressing himself to
Mr. Pickens, said that, if he had a just conception
of the policy and interest of Souih Carolina, that
State was anxious to extend her avenues of tiade
to the valley of the Mississippi, that the rich com-
modities of its production should be emptied into
I the lap of Charleston, and that her distributive
H. of Reps.
share would come very opportunely to her financial
relief.
[Mr. Pickens here rosa and said that South Ca-
rolina had adopted direct taxation to meet her State
exigencies, and that the people very cheerfully
paid it.]
Mr. Johnsbn resumed, and said that he did not
doubt that the people paid the exaction with great
cheerfulness, nor did he know that it was a high
point of honor for a State or individual to pay wil-
lingly just debts. He only would say that the peo-
ple of South Carolina were a most strange people,
if they preferred paying direct taxation to be
wholly relieved from it, and that they would pur-
sue a course different from any other people if they
would rather eschew their portion of the public
land in order to have their own property oppressed
with a system of taxation of which his (Mr. J's)
instructions would greatly relieve them.
He (Mr. J.) would say, whilst alluding to the
opinions of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Pickens,] that there was one opinion which
he advanced whilst he was on the floor that he
would most cordially agree with—that this ques-
tion of the public lands was not a revenue ques-
tion. He (Mr. J.) thought that it should not be so
regarded.
When th? Constitution was formed, the question
of the publ c lands was a question of fruitful dis-
cussion. Maryland had for three years, daring
the darkest period of the Revolutionary war, re-
fused to sign the Articles of Confederation unless
the States would make cession of the waste territo-
ry within their territorial limits. And when the
Constitution was formed, the Stites surrendered
all power over revenues derived from customs to
the General Government, among other reasons, be-
cause by the acts of cession of the States the public
domain was to be divided among the States in pro-
portion to taxation and representation; and it never
was expected that the General Government was to
live upon the bounty of th« States' property, like a
Revolutionary cripple or a superannuated mendi-
cant.
Mr. Johnson then said that the remarks of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Pickens]
who advocated the postponement of this question
and the tariff until the next Congress, only con-
firmed the cmvictions whieh he had formsd when
he first read the President's message, that no mea-
sure of finance or relief to the people would be
urged by the present dominant party in this House
during this session. That the ptople would have
to look to the next Congress for hope and for use-
ful measures. Standing, as the gentleman did, in
the high confidence of the President, he (Mr. J.)
could but regard that he spoke advisedly when he
urged a postponement of all those grave questions.
[Here Mr. Pickens again rose and said that
he did not wish to be understood as saying that
the President or his friends would recommend no
measure of finance to this Congress, for he had
no such authority, and only spoke for himself]
Mr. Johnson resumed. The disclaimer of the
gentleman was inconclusive with him (Mr. J.) as
an affinna'ion of what he had intimated; for he
(Mr. J.) felt assured that if there was any purpose
on Ihe part of the Executive or his friends to bring'
forward any measure of relief, that gentleman
[Mr. P.] above all others would have been cogni-
zant of the fact, and that he [Mr. P.] was too skil-
ful a parliamentarian to throw himself at full
length in the Esecutive path if there was any such
purpose in contemplation.
It was now clear to his (Mr. J's) mind that all
the very important questions to the country were
to be dcla.ed, and that the responsibility of de-
ciding upon them was to be thrown upon the next
Administration. Such a course reflected as deeply
upon this Administration as it was really compli-
mentary, though not so intended, to that which
would quickly succeed.
He, (Mr J.) like Mr. Van Buien, would, on the
4th of March next, be placed, by the Constitution,
on the disnified level of a private citizen. But,
whilst on ibis floor, he was ready to act upon all
questions which might arise; and none would he
more cheerfully speak and vote upon than the ta-
riff.   But he would not contend with abstract thee-
