APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1841.
26th Cong--"2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Coles.
H. of Reps.
ríes, nor would he show bis heroism, however well
armed, by aiming blows at advancing shadows.
When the question shouldari*e ma tangible shape,
when a bill on the subject shall be reported, it will
bs quite time enough for a discussion. He had no
doubt in his mmd, however, that when that subject
should be properly brought up for consideration, it
would be found less fearful than many gentlemen
imagined; he dcubted not that it could be settled to
meet the wants of the Treasury, and m a manner
so that the North and South could cordially
shake bands, even in this Hall of fruitful conten-
tion.
The policy, which is adopted by the Executive
patty, of doing noihmg of usefulness to the coun-
try, mafe it only more incumbent on such mem-
bers as himself, who stood m the minority, to pro-
pos e at least some plan of relief for the Staks and
ths people of the States, and hence he had miro
duced h's substitute, which he believed the calm
judgment of the unprejudiced would approve.
Mr J then addressed himself to Mr. Reynolds,
and ca>d that the gentleman from Illinois had
made on  earnest or seemingly earnest appeal to
the members of the Whig party to support his
(Mr. RV) proposition, it they were really the
friends as (hey pretended to be, of the tenant of
the log cabin. Fie (Mr. J ) would inform the gen-
tleman that it was because he was the friend of the
tenant of the log cabm that he had opposed his
(Mr. It's) proposition and introduced his own, it
was because he was really anxious to improve ths
condition of a'l classes, and especially the most
needy, that he was for dividing their own property
among themselves; it was becau«e he was sincerely
the friend of the indigent that he was for rescuing
their own estate from the grasp of the land jobber
and the land speculator, where that gentleman's
measure would place it, and was for dividing it for
the benefit of all The tenant of the log cabin m
Marjland h<td the same interest with the citizen ol
Illinois. The blood and treasure ot the old States
had won the public domain, and the deeds of ces-
sion had consecrated it as a trust fund for the
benefit of all to the latest posterity.
Does the gentleman desire that every cit /en of
the Ojd States must abandon the land of his lathers
and of his birth, and take up his residence in the
new States, or be excluded fiom his own patr-
monyi Can he, as a statesman or a philanthropist,
desire to see ihe old States depopulated? Does not
the present broad and stiong tide of emigration
satis'y his ambi'mn and sufficiently gratify bib
hopes and his pnd ?
He would not boast of his Democracy, because
the professing 0f public men were generally heart
less. But he iri^ted luwasstll not the 1 ss a
Democrat it he bra led but little about it His
Democracy he would have to consist of ihi^ As a
Citizen, io respect the will of a majority consiitu-
tionally expressed, as a Jegj lator, to advocate and
adopt such measures as would dispense the greatest
amount of benefits to the greatest number oí the
people And he humbly conceived that his pro
prsition .vould diífjse the splendid inheritance of
the people ef the nation among all the Sutes, so as
to open avenues oí commerce, and give a stimulus
to agru ulturc and the mechanical pursuits The
propositi! n of the gentleman [Mr. Rm molds]
would close the door of the log cabin to the school-
master- his (Mr J' ) would ihrow it open to Ihe
light oí instruí non It would furn sh the Slates
with a fund wh ch would rear up a temple of edu
cation in every region cfvh  nation, and diffuse
moral and relmous knowledge to all the rism" «e-
nerattons And who that has looked abroad is not
impressed with the ntcesiit}'?
A morning's paper had mforn ed him that Ken-
tucky, as noble as that patriotic State is, was rear-
mg up more thsn half of herchiHren without pro
per education, and in Virginia and other States
the condition of tie n i>ig generation was as de!
plorable The very foundation of our G .vern-
ment is based upon public opinion Public op,mon
was almost as strong as the Consii'unr-n i,self
And this public opinion shi uld be enhehtened to
be patriotic. Public liberty is unsafe « hen el'c
tors are too ignorant to understand the true interest
pf the nation, and be who is most ardent in the
hope of having the wise geiius of our Republican
institutions transmitted, raust advocate measure*
wh'ch diffuse universal education in every region
of the nation. Corgress di charged but half of its
duty when it granted large amounts to all the new
States and Territories for free schools and acade-
mies ll should have set apart a like amount to all
of the States. Let the neglect of the past Con-
gress be amended by this, or let his instructions go
to the committee, that they may report at least a
bill upon the letter and spirit of the acts of ces-
sion.
SPEECH OF MÍO COLES,
Or VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives, February 2 1841—
In Committee of the Whole, on the Treasury
note bill.
Mr. COLES addressed the committee as fol-
lows.                                             ,
Mr. Chairman. It has not beer/ my practice to
engage in. the general and protracted debates which
have so frequently occupied the/time of this House,
and exhausted the patience of Jjs member . I have,
upon such occasions, given "place to others more
anxious to speak, and csntented myself with a si-
lent vole
We are now on the eve of unknown changes- it
is declared from high sources, that an eventful re-
volution in the policy of the Government is at
hand. Vital questions have been introduced
into this debate, which have not been decid-
ed by the people, and which deeply involve
their individual and political condition The
present discussion miy not enlighten the coun-
try, but it cannot fail to excite universal in-
terest, and that degree of solemn reflection
which will enable the public mmd wisely to in-
struct those who aie to come alter us. In this re-
spect, it is one of the most important debates that,
at any time, has taken place m this country It
further apology was necessary for departing from
my usual custom in now trespassing upon the at-
tention of the committee, it may le found m the
fact that an important interest of my constituents
has been brought under review, and my course, in
regatd to it, particularly alluded to. The tobacco
trade has been introduced in connection with reta-
liatory duties—the effect of which may be 'o enlist
that interest into the dangerous combination with
manufactures for the establishment of a system of
unlimited taxation Under such circumstances, it
is my duty to remain «lent no longer
I «hall vote for the bill on your tablt—lot as a
party «leisure—not to favor the coming or the de-
parting Admmivtiation—but to provide means lor
the Executive faithfully to  execute the  laws     If,
sir, the  new President, and  the  party   who have
elected him, shall truly aim  to accoiipli h what
«as piomised for them in mj portion of the Union,
they sh tiI have, with Iit'le  exception,  my hearty
co-oppiation m whatever station I may te phced
It they shall reform  real   abuses, reduce expen-
ditures, oppose distributions out of  the common
land,  oppose  taxation  oí    the whole  to  enrich
favored   portions  of  the   community,  oppose a
National   Bank,  and   il    they   shill   honestly
aim to   administer   their trusts  for the common
good, and  m  strict conformity to the Republican
maxims of Jefferson, then, sir, it will cost me no
change of my previous course  o 1 nd my cordial
support.    All these promises, were mad«.    I knew
better than to believe they would oe fmfilbd, and
voted against the successful candidate.   From an
intercourse with members of both political parties,
fiom their vote, and from their open declaiations
at this, ao well as a? former sessions of Congress, I
have just as little hope now a¿ I had then that any
such results will take place     No, sir, it is evident
here, and will shortly become palpable to trie ^hole
country, that the reigning po'jcy of ihe new Admi,
nistraiion must t nd in a contrary direct on     My
pos tion, should I ?gam be honored with a seat on
this floor, must neeessan'y be in the opposition.   It
will, though, Mr. Chairman, be a frank, decided,
and determined opposition to measures which I
honestly believe will be disastrous to important in-
terests, and dangerous to the safety of free institu-
tions, on which all that I bold dear mainly de- I
penda Nevertheless, I shall not lend my repre-
sentative character (after the example of others) to
injure the interests and honor of my country, and
to create confusion and dis'ress, in order to render
a party obnoxious to the people, who have, as I
think, been unfortunately entrusted with ths ma-
nagement of iheir public concerns. I have had no
personal favors to ask of the President, and have as
little care for the smiles or the frowns of his suc-
cessor. It has been my object to perform my duty
to the Constitution and to the people, and it shall
be my endeavor to require the periormance of the
same duty by the Executive incumbent, whoever
he may be.
Tfee bill under discussion proposes to authorize
the Secretary cf the Treasury to issue five mil-
lions of Treasury notes. Does the condition of
the Treasury require additional means, and if so,
is this the best mode of supplying them' are ques-
tions to be considered.
It is not remarkable that  theie should be diffi-
culty m clearly understanding Treasury reports.
It is no new thing, and has occurred from the days
of General Hamilton to   the  present time.   The
business of the Treasury embiaces such a variety
of subjects, and such a multitude of details, that
it is impossible so to condense it as to make a ba-
lance sheet that can  be fully comprehended at a
glance.     The Secretary of the Treasury, m his
annual report, submitted m  December last, says,
that, according to the estimates made by the dif-
ferent Departments, of what would be required to
be paid m the last quarter of the year 1840, there
would be a bilance of unexpended appropriations
on the first day of January, 1841, of $10,549 905
In that event, there would have been little or no
balance in the Treasury on the last named day.
But  the Secretary (having  two  months more to
judge from) was of a different opinion, and estima-
ted the payments of the last quarter of 1840 at about
five and a half millions, which would leave a ba-
lance on hand on the first of the year of about one
and a half millions, and a balance of unexpend-
ed appropriations of over thirteen millions.   The
Secretary appears to have been nearer right, since
not so much as his estimate was called for, and, in
consequence, the cash left on hand, as well as the
amount of unexpended appropriations, were some-
thing greater than were even at the time of his re-
port cal"ulated on.   Precise  accuracy cannot be
arrived at m these amounts until ths accounts can
be received from ths remote points of this extended
Confederal.    Nor is it important, for all  expe-
rience justifies the expectation that the amount of
appropriations rema mng unexpended at  the end
of one year wilt about equal and offvet that of the
pieceding     We   miy  theiefere  tiirly   calculate
thai the amount remaining unexpended on the  1st
day of January, 1842, will nearly or  quite equal
the amount existing on  the  1st  day   of January,
1841, leaving 'he means of the year free  to meet
the amount ef permanent and new appropriation?.
Unexpended balances of preceding appropria-
tions necessauly exist at the  end of every year
They always have ex sled, and always must exist,
without any regard to the amount of money n the
Treasury, being sometimes greate-t when the sur-
plus ame unt in the Treasury  is largest.   Appro-
priations are made by one session ot Congress, not
for the service of the 3ear alone, but  to continue
the operations of the Government until the  close
of the next session.    If this were not the cas , and
there were at the end of the year no unexpended
balances ot appropriation, a very large  portion
of the public service would have   to   stop   until
Congress  could   pass   the   usual   appropriation
bill-, which is frequently not done  until June or
July.    No   matter how much  money might be
m the Treasury, not a do lar could be drawn out
without an appropniuon made by law.    What,
♦hen, would be the condition of he-army and navy,
together  with all of ycur public  weiks, without
funds from the end of one yeir  to  the  middle  of
July in the next?   This  ba anee of unexpended
appropriations   is denominated a debt, which m
fact arises out of the enstomary and necessary ac-
tion of the Government    An appropriation is the
authority to pay out any money that   may be  in
the Treasury, for specified objects.   The amount
