Feb. 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
38f
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Coles.
H. of Reps.
of unexpended appropriations at the end of h
year is ascertained without difficulty, by deducting
tbe amount of payments from the whole amount of
appropriations authorized by law. The Secretary's
report is made up betore the end of the year, and
he is obliged, of course, to estimate the payments
for the last quarter. He states with certainty the
actual payments made in the three first quarters of
1840, at    -           -           -           -$21,188,128 41
And estimates those expected m the
last quarter (including $425,000
for the redemption of Treasury
notes,    and $30,527   71   cents,
for palancas of funded debt) at    5,455,527 71
This calculation would make the
payments of 1840         -           -$26,643,656 12
Leaving in the Treasury on the 1st
day of January, 1841   -           -    1,580,855 00
By examining the accounts that have been ren-
dered in the different reports, and the laws of the
last year granting appropriations, gentlemen might
(with half the labor they seem to have devoted to
this subject) have tested the accuracy of these es-
timates. The large documents giving an account
of the total receipts and expenditures, which are
annually submitted to Congress, exhibit the re-
ceipts, the payments, the cash on hand, the appro-
priations, and the amounts of unexpended appro-
priations at the end of each year,  up  to the year
1840.    The details in the last quarter of that yuar
cannot all be precisely stated, owing to the imprac-
ticability of getting in all the accounts so soo  after
the close of the year, but they can be estimated
■with sufficient accuracy for all practical purposes.
By deducting the payments from the receipts, you
have the balance that ought to be in"the Treasury;
and by deducting the payments from the amount
of appropriation^, you have the balance of unex-
pended appropriations.
If the Secretary was wrong in estimating the pay-
ments of the last quaner of the year 1840, it will
not alter the final result. Say that less than five
and a half millions were paid in that quarter; then
there will be a larger balance of unexpended ap-
propriations outstanding on the 1st of January,
1841,  and a corresponding larger balance of cash
on hand at lhe same period to meet it; which I
understand are, to some degree, the facts. In the
opposite state of the case, if more than five and a
half millions had been paid, then there would have
been less cash on hand, and a less amount of unex-
pended appropriations to discharge.
The President, in pursuance of authority vested
in him by law, suspended the appropriations on cer-
tain public works. But the superintendents of
those works, it is said, yielding to the importunities
of the workmen, consented for them to go on, in a
limited way, upon important parts of tbe works, on
condition that they were to be paid at a time when
the state of ihe Treasury would admit of it. I al-
lude to this transaction now, only to show that it
does not vary the general result, and cannot be an
additional obligation; it constitutes a part of, and is
included in, the balance of unexpended appropria-
tions. It is represented by the Department not to
exceed $200,000; and, whether small or large, can-
not be set down as an additional charge.
At this session the cry is changed; from the
same quarter that we have heard, during the pen-
dency of the election, charges o£ profligate expen-
diture; we now hear chatges of parsimony, nig-
gardly economy, and suspended payments, in crin
to throw on the next Administration heavy debts.
How is this met by facts? The amount o; unex
pended appropriations is lei s on the first Qf th>s
year, than it was at the commencement of this
Administration, or at the beginning of any other
year.
It was on the 1st day of January,
1837    ..-           - $16,946,670 53
On the 1st day of January, '1838 - 19,144,747 58
On the 1st day of January, 1839 - 17 839,935 32
On the 1st day of January, 1840 - 15,361,272 91
And it estimated to have been on
the 1st day of January, 1841   -   14,000,000 00
These balances of unexpended appropriations
are never all expended; appropriations to pay un-
settled accounts, frequently  exceed the amount
found due on settlement; and appropriations to
construct a public work or pay any other estimated
demand, sometimes exceed what is actually re-
quired. If from these or any other causes any ap-
propriation remains unexpended for two years, by
a standing law it ceases to be an appropriation,
and is returned (a? it is denominated) to the sur-
plus fund. In this way a variety of balances,
amounting to from one hundred thousand to a mil-
lion of dollars, have annually ceased to be autho-
rized to be expended.
Gentlemen should be cautious in setting down
unexpended appropriations a? unwarrantable debts
against a sneceedmg Administration. If the votes
of a large majority of their friend ;, if the declara-
tion!! on this floor, in the Senate, and elsewhere, of
the most conspicuous members of their party, are
to be taken as indications of the measures of the
new Administration, the expenditures will be
largely increased; and General Harrison will be
fortunate if he doss not, at the end of his term,
transmit to his successor a balance of unexpended
appropriations of twice the present amount.
A large permanent debt is said to exist, justify-
ing an immediate loan, and increased taxation.
Where is this debt? In what does it consist? The
ten thousand claims which are said to be asking
justice in vain at our hand*, are placed as the first
item. I have no doubt there are some instances
of hardship, arising out of the impracticability of
deciding on such a multitude of cases that are
annually presentid to Congress. When I first
came to Congress my sympathies were frequently
excited in behalf of pitiful c'aimants, said to be
cruelly sent from your hall without justice or
mercy. A little experience has taught me that
most of these cases are cases that have been pro-
perly rejected at the accounting offices, many of
them have been repeatedly presented and rejected
here, and I have good reason to believe that very
few, perhaps not one in a hundred, ought to be
allowed.
If the new Administration is eager to constitute
a national debt out of these claims, and will pro-
claim to the country that such claims will be paid,
instead of ten thousand, it may have ten hundred
thousand to satisfy. Does any one expect that the
claims, amounting to five millions ot dollars for
Fiench spoliations before 1800, will be shortly
allowed. Is it expected that this Congress will
borrow money, or levy taxes, in order to grant
to the States nine millions, the amount ot the
fourth instalment, of what was falsely called
the deposites? Is it gravely expected that five
or eight millions shall be borrowed, and vested in
stocks, in order that the interest snail be reauy to
pay the annuities encaged to be paid to the In-
dians ? or do gentlemen expect so soon to
revive their favored objects of harbors, roads, and
other improvements? or to unreasonably extend
the public defences by studding your immense
frontier with armaments, and whitening every
sea with jour navie^? No, gentlemen, if you are
to have a great national debt, made up of rejectel
claims, many of which are as old as> the Govern-
ment, and of new projects Oi distribution and
wild extravagance, you must contract ft your-
selves—you cannot indulge the hope of beginning
it in the few remaining week? of this session. Gj
home first, and a^k your constituent- if General
Harrison was e'eett'd for any such purposes. I
will warrant that ycu have mistaken the issue at
the late election, or many, very m ny of the voters
have done so. It appears demons'iab'e that lhe
balance of unexpended appropnations on the 1-t
day of January, 1841, may propeily be assumed
as including every expenditure that can fall on the
year, except the estimated permanent appropria-
tions and such new appropriations as 'hall be au-
thorized at this session ot Congress. It also is rea-
sonable to expect a like amount to remain unex-
pended at the commencement ot the next year.
We have then, Mr. Chairman, only to inquire
whether the cash in the Treasury, and the probable
income, will be sufficient to meet the amount of
permanent appropriations, and such as this Con-
gress may authorize.
The balance m the Treasury on  the 1st day of
January, 1841, was estimated by the Secretary
of the Treasury at           -           -   $1,580,855
And the income from all sources at -   23,142,618
Making the whole estimated means of
the year
On the other hand the estimate of
the expenditures of the year 1841 are
stated
For ordinary purposes at $19,250,000
For • the  funded   debt,
chiefly for the   cities
of this District           -        149,200
For the   redemption of
the Treasury notes    -    4,500,000
$24,723,473
$23,899,200
Leaving a balance in the Treasury af-
ter discharging ail the obligations of
1841,  on the  1st day of January,
1842, of    ....      $824,273
The above   estimate of $24,723,473,   as the
means of the present year from all sources, is ad-
mitted by both sides of the House to be low
enough; and particularly by those who are most
competent to judge. I shall therefore not trouble
the committee further on this point; and take it for
granted.
The permanent and new appropriations of
all sorts, ordinary and extraordinary, which
nave been estimated to be required for
the year 1841, amount, as above stated,
to 23,899,200. This estimate is greater by
$1,764,480, for ordinary purposes, than is calkd
for by the Departments, and will allow for other
grants by Congress, and any unexpected diminu-
tion af the balance of unexpended appropriations,
on the first of January, 1842. But it must bs re-
collected, that the greater part of the above esti-
mate of twenty-three millions is yet under the full
control of Congress, and cannot be a charge, un-
less we make it so. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Rhett] has shown that it is ample
for the service of the year. The Committee of
Ways and Means, I understand, propose to reduce
the amounts of many of the items. It would ap-
pear, therefore, that all objecls not included in the
estimate, and requiring appropriation, may be pro-
vided for, without trenching on its amount. I, and
most of those with whom I usually act, will be dis-
posed to reduce the appropriations still lower, and
leave in the Treasury a larger balance at the end of
the year, aft<r paying all demands. Will those
who have been preaching economy so lately,
grumble at tbe allowance of twenty-three millions
of dollars; which ¡s nearly double the average
amount of their pattern Administration? It is in
keeping with first contributing to force on us ex-
penditures, which they afterwards denounced as ex-
travagant.
From the face of the statement I have presented,
it would appear that no additional supply was re-
quired; but from the inequalities between the re-
ceipts and expenditures m the different periods of
the year, some provision becomes necessary for the
occurrence of larger demands, and diminished re-
ee.pts, during the first quarter of the year. During
the existence of the funded debt, and before the
reduction of the tariff, more money was raised
than was required for the ordinary support of Go-
vernment; and no such contingencies were expe-
rienced. As long as lhe policy is continued of
attempting to square the revenue with the econo-
mical wants of the Governments, we shall be lia-
ble to the?e temporary inequalities between the re-
ceipts and expenditure?. The appropriations are
made in anticipation of revenue to be collected
from taxes nn importations, and sales of public
lands. They are fixed and demandable generally
at certain periods; whilst the revenue is uncertain,
and subject to vary from any estimate, no matter
how carefully made. If after the appropriations
have been made, and Congress should adjourn
with every reason to expect a revenue adequate to
meet its appropriations, an unlooked for deficiency
should occur, serious embarrassments would be the
consequence, unless the Executive had authority
to suspend a part of the appropnations, contract
a regular loan, or issue Treasury notes, which
appear to be the only means by which such a d«.
