Feb. 1841.
26th Con&""2nd Bess
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S89
Treasury Note Bill—Mr, Coles.
H. of Reps
taxes to the] tist warns oí t le country. They pjy
at least their equal share of 'he (axes, and, m addi-
tion, almos' ah much (tore, in the shape of profits
laid on the taxes, by the merchants, through whose
hands they receive their imported goods. Tney
are injured in th ir exportation by taxing the im-
portations, which are receive! in relurn for them,
because you cannoi permanently affect the one,
without disturbirg the other. For reasons more
solemn than these, they are opposed to high taxes.
They extend the sphere of trie whole Government__
aggravate the violence of parties, and of elections—
invite unconstitutional and unjust legislation__in-
crease Executive patronage, and multiply all ihosa
evils and corruptions, to wmch the best Govern-
ments are prone. All attempts at reform will be
vain, without keeping this pregnant source oí all
mischief within due bounds.
The taxing power is ihe most dangerous power
mour system. Republicans have insisted that this
poww was limited by the authorized objpets of the
Constitution. But if the opinions advanced by
the first officer of the new cabinet (Mr. Webstei)
shall prevail—tbat the sense by Congress of the
general welfare is, the only limitation, and that
the right to dispose of the money and other property
is co-extensive—then a power carrying with it all
other power has no practical limitation, and ihe
people have just cau e to be alarmed at ihe rapid
proaiess of absolu'  despotism.
Mr. Chairman, a vital mteres' of my consti-
tuents has been introduced into this debate, n
connection with a "angcous s>-tem of countervail-
ing du'ies. No one on this £Lor individually, oras
the repre'en'ative of others, is more deeply mt -
rested in ihe tobacco trade than the indi adual who
addresses jou. Reluctant as I am to trespass
further on the coiimntee, Í feel bound to attempt
to expose such a mischievous movement, m what-
ever shape it aiaj assume, from the imprudent
rashness of friend , or the cover, designs of ene-
mies
My colleague, [Mi. Wi«e ] m t!>e course of
remarks with which I generally agreed, represented
the tobacco in ere>t to have been m a pros-
perous condition and having nothing to com-
plain of. The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr
Jenifer,] on the othtjr hand, not only ,n-i->ts
that this interest lcbo's under injurious bur-
dens, but that th^se burdens laid sn the u«
of our tobacco m ioreign lands are asgravattrd
wrongs appealing to the courage and pauiot'sm of
American citizens for ledress by ihe strongest
measures With neither of these views do I aaree.
If Ihe tobacco trade has been in an encouragirg
and satisfactory conditionally is it that, amidst ihe
increase of every thing else in this gro mg coun-
try, the quanti y exported, and the price ol that ar-
ticle, have not materially advanced for more than
half a century? Why is it that the cultivation of
tobacco has been abandoned m the favored district
of my colleague, once the garden spot of ihe
world? Its product gave character to the far famed
James river tobacco, and its fine Back river and
other lands would now produce the best description
of tobacco fi r the English market? It is because
other products have become more profitable, and
tobacco has been driven to places more remste
from market. In like manner it has been retreat-
ing from the greater portion of the State, and is
probably destined (if the causes that have pro-
duced these re-ulis shall not subside) to take its
flight to dtsiant regions of the West, beyond the
reach of competiiion. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Jenifer] s'a'ed the average in his State
to be three thousand pounds per hand, and the price
at about five dollars. Tins is much more than in Vir-
ginia. Th  average product there is not half that
amount, and ¡he price but litt'e higher. Tobacco
making with us, as an object merely of investing
caputal, promises Utile profit. Tho¡>e who depend
on its cultivation alone lor revenue, have to live
pretty much with.a themselves, and to exercise
rigid economy Some wealth we have amon-jst
us, but it has been derived irotn inheritance ur
commerce; and few, or none, can trace its acquisi-
tion to the production ot tobacco. Yet, sir, the
condition oí the people of my district is good
in comparison with that of most of the people of
the Uni'ed Sj.rtie,. Tneir tubus hid conformed to
long continu°d low f rices, and ihe snght ucrease
of price in the la-t iwo or three year , arising
chiefly from accidental cau es, has g.ven to all
more than they had reason to calculate on. The
reverse is the case with our Sou hern friends. They
have enjoyed the receipt of three limes our profit
for a succession ot years, their habit  «e'e con-
formed to their high-r income, and now their re-
ceipts (from temporary cau-s-s I hope) had sunk
to a level with curs; they consequently get less
than they had íeason to expect, and are m a most
embarrassed and troubled condition.
Saying nothing, Mr Chairman, of the effects on
tobaeco aLd other su^j cts of agriculture of our
home policy m attempting to encourage and stimu-
late manufactures, commerce, and navigation, the
u.jatiaus efT>c's ot foreign legislation cannot be
mistaken. England Uxes her subj cts for the use
of our tobacco 809 percent on it- original co-t;
Russia 200 per ce-it; Germany 100 per cent;
France, Span, Italy aad Austria have a rigid re-
sfrie ive monopoly, aomitting only from a few
hundred hogshead  to one-sixtn of their consump-
tion at most, causing the forced culture of an infe-
rior article, or the diversion of the trade to other
quarters An annual reienue is thus raised m Eu-
rope upon tobacco a>one, of more than thirty mil-
lions of dollar-; which is at least three time great-
er than the first cost of the whole quantity ex-
ported from the United States. The consequences
must be to limit consumption, and in a much
greater degree to reduce tie demand for American
tobacco.
I am aware that Vngnna. has some advant?ge
growing out of the txi~ti> g Mate of ihmgs. The
hi3h duties in England eleva'e the qualny of the
tooaccj required for hrr matkeis, «hiuh ihe Virgi-
nia tobacco is b'st adap'td to supply. And for a
hk" reason, three-fourths of Ihe Jimi'ed quantity,
admitted into France, is taken from V írginia But
th"se advantages may be temporary, and, at best,
are not an equivalent for the immense reduction ot
the general demand. No, sir, remove, if practica-
ble, all restrictions, and we aie wi'ling to enter in o
equal comoetition, in the supp'y oi an unshackled
trade. We have no apprehensions of foreign ri-
val-, and we ate as-urtd ¡hat it wi 1 be to the ad-
vantage of eveiy coun ry in Europe to exchange
oiher commodities for our tobacco, which they will
find better 'ban their own, cheaper than iheir own,
and m quan'ity equal to the vast increase of ¡heir
consumption.
Although the condition of the tobacco trade is
not so good as not to be capable of great improve-
ment, yet it is not so bad as not to be made in-
finitely worse, oy ill advised measures. Tamper
not with it by hastily flying to untried experi-
ments. Add not taxes diree'ly affecting us at
home, in the vain hope of removing the indirect ef-
fects of burdens on those who consume our pro-
duct abroad.
Mr. Coles said that his friend from Maryland
[Mr. Jenifer] had thought proper to animadvert
on a letter, giving an account oí his course in the
tobacco convention, and informed us that it was
published in all the anti-American papers from
Baltimore to Georgia.
[Mr. Jenifer here interposed, and said that he
had a'luded to the other articles on which he com-
mented ]
Mr. Coles re-uoieu, and said, that since he was
mistaken, and as the aiticles referred to were not,
as far as he knew, published m any papei irundly
to him, he would omit to say what he intended.
Mr. Coleo said that he was unwilling to obtrube
a letter of his, or his previous course on any sub-
ject, befoie the committee, but they had befa
thought ol sufficient consequence to have been
brought up by another; and it might be proper here
t9 give a brief history of this tobacco quest on, pnd
his connection with it.
Mr. Coles said, that early after he Became a
member oí Congnss, a me norial from the Legis-
lature of Mainland, and one from ihe first Con-
vention of tobacco planters, were presented to
Congress, and referred 'o a special commutes on
the tobacco trade. The gentleman and himself
were placed on that committee, and had continued
on similar committees raised at each session since*
They had co operated m all that had been done in
those committees, exeept in one thing, and that di<-
vides them now. The gentleman will recollect
that, in the first report made by the tobacco com-
mittee, a clause intimating an ultimate resort to re-
talia ion, was stricken out at his instance; for which
oypr scrupulousness, as the gentleman considered
it, he has frequently laughed at h'm since. In pur-
suance of ihe recommendation of this committee,
ieveral measures were adopted, among the rest a
resolution requesting the Executive to instruct oar
ministers and diplomatic agents abroad to bestow
special attention to the tobacco trade. How this
duty has been performed, the voluminous corre-
spondence submitted from the State Department
wi'l testify.
During th' last spring (chiefly at the instance of
his friend, Mr. Jenifer) he had written a letter for
publication, urging the usual reasons why the ap-
proaching tobacco convention should be attended;
and as a fu'ther reason, "that if any lacked faith
in the advantages to be gained, it might be impor-
tant that mischief should be prevented." Believ-
ing that the tobacco convention would be a meeting
of gentlemen from different parts of the country,
whose purpose it would be to investigate the condi-
tion at home and abroad of a common interest, that
they would exhibit to our own Government and to
the world the importance of the tobacco trade, the,
burdens and restrictions under which it suffered,
anl the advantages to a!1 parties concerned, oí
adopting the best modes of relieving them, but
knowing the opinions of some in favor of retali-
atory duties, he had even then alluded to them as a
mi chief to be prevented. The anticipated conven-
tion was held, but he was not a member of it; and
t ¡e gentleman was mistaken in supposing that he
had been twee a member.
He, for the first time, attended a tobacco con-
vention, which met m this city on the 15th of Ja-
nuary last. Extraordinary resolutions, proposing*
am >ng olher things, a system of countervailing du-
ties, were presented to that convention. He con-
sidered it his duty to warn the convention against
the danger and impolicy of such a course. Never-
theless, the resolutions were adopted with but twe
in the negat ve; the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Jameson] and himself. These resolutions were ex-
tensively published, and have since been presented
to both Houses of Congress. To protect himself
af home sga nst the imputation of having been in-
strumental in passing resolutions so contrary to his
uniform, and frequently expressed opinions, he
wrote the letter alluded to, referring to the mischief
he had before suggested, and giving an account of
his course in the convention. This is the letter
the gentleman from Maryland has thought proper
to comment on. This is ihe course which he has
had stronger reasons to adhere to, and has the
fullest confidence will be approved by the great
body of the tobacco planters in the United States.
The gentleman from Maryland says that I, in this
letter, admit'ed the grievance, and stated that there
were two íemedies, viz. negotiation and retaliation;
adding himself, thai the first having failed, he asked,
will I refuse to take the second. If, sir, instead of
playing upon a mixture of my words and -his, he
had adhered to the letter, he would have seen that 1
denied that the first had been fully tried, and that I
considered the second, if a remedy at all, even
worse than the disease
He further asked if from 1783 to 1840 was not
long enough for negotiation. Now, sir, let we ask
him if from 1783 to 1838 is not nearly as long, and
why it was that at the latter period he was so
zealous in pressing negotiation? Had not negoti-
ation then failed?
[Here Mr. Jenifer said that he did not know at
that time what negotiations had taken place. It
was not until the correspondence was submitted, at
the last session, that he was aware of the state of
the negotiation.]
Very well; the gentleman will find that this will
not bear him out. He contends that negotiations
oa the subject of tobacco have been strenuously
prosecuted down to 1840.
[Here Mr. Triplett of Kentucky affirmed that
it was so.]
