Feb.   1841.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th ConG""2xd Sfcss.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Coles.
891
H. of Reps.
and the comfort ani happmevs ot all wonderfully
promoted. Althojgi the full acmevement of a
good so great and univer-al in its blessings may be
hopeless, yet the partial attainment will be a benefit
in proportion to its advancement, and the nation
which, in these re p^cts, is fi ee&t, will be richest and
happiest. We have every mitive to prosecute so
desirable an obj c', we irny look to our reward in
the appreciated value oí the superior natural ad-
vantages we enjoy, and to the proud satisfaction of
contributing to the happiness oí millions abroad.
Now, sir, as lon^ as we have ministers abroad,
it will be attended wiih no additional cost, and at
least can do no harm, that they be instructed to be
in readiness to avail thf-mselves of all favorable op-
portunities, to promote the tobacco interest, as well
as to advance the pnnc pies oí tree trade generally.
Suppose, tnougn, that the negotiations have ut-
terly failed, and are to fail forever; what then?
The gentleman irom Maryland [ivlr. Jenifer]
asks, will I not resort to measures ot retaliation1
I answer,  ot as a matter of course even then.
There is a plain rule of common sens which go-
verns this question. No nation is justified in adop'-
mg measures of retaliation, such as are proposed,
without almost a mora! certainty of being thereby
able to force the offend'ng nation into its terms.
The taxes and restrictions imposed on the con-
sumption of tobacco in foreign countries, inflicts
more injury en their subjpcis than on us. We can
bear the lessor injury more easily and longer than
they can the greater. Taxes laid on our citizens
for the consumption of ih'ir produc s, operate di-
rectly on u«, and ba' indirectly on those against
whose taxes w: propose to retaliate. Tne burden
to us of such taxes md}^ be m the proportion of five
dollar  for e\e<y one dollar it takes from them,
m the reduced consumption of their products If,
Mr, in subjecting ourselves to taxation, there is not
a positive certainty cf s-jecess m removing the
taxes of other nations, ,t would be madness to at-
tempt it It would be equal to the felly of cutting
off the nose to spite the tice Gentlemen seem to
have overlooked this consideration. They have
not attempted to demonstrate tne mode of opera-
tion which is to give the least probability of sue
cess. In an attempt to do so, difficulties would
have met tnem at the threshold, an! thickened at
each step of >h"ir progress.
The attainment of the object by the proposed
means of coercion, is well nigh impracticable from
the nature of things Select France, if ycu p'ease,
as the first nation to be brought into terns We
chiefly take silks and wines irom her m return for
ourcot'on, rice, an i tobacco. Lay a hpavy dis-
criminating duty on French silks, leaving silks
from other nations free, or at a le s duty—what
will be the eonseqnence? We see it, in the opera-
tion of the present duty of ten per cent, on all silks
from beyond Gape Horn, and tne Cape of Good
Hope, leaving silks from other quarters free. This
duty is evaded, India si'ks are brought to Eng-
land, colored a little, and shipped to us a? free
goods. Reverse the case, and the result would be
the same Lay a heavy retaliatory duty on French
wine*. It would cost but a trifle to place on the
casks or bottles, German, Italian, cr Spanish la-
bels; the wine might be «-ent by one of those coua-
tnes, and come to us free of the discriminating
duty. Similar resulis might attend retaliatory du-
ties on other art cle=, the production of other coun-
tries. Your remedy would tempt evasions and
frauds, and drive the trade into circuitous chan-
nels. It would also miss its aim, and would be
even fruitless of revenue, unless you are prepared
to enforce it by a system of custom hou^e e'pomage
and penalties, i> consistent wiih our institution 
We have been proceeding upon the presumption
that Congress will indulge tremlemen with their
experiments in regard to tobacco. Are theie no
difficul'ies her'1* Tne biH reported fri m the Com-
mit'ee of Manufactures a few weeks ago, proposed
to lay a du y on silks from India ot twe'ity per
cent, and on other s Iks ten per cent. "Was th s
intended to operate on India is a retaliation for not
using tobacco at all? Suppose you attempt to
change the discrimination atainst France, will you
not be met in this House by conflicting interests?
It is not France alone that you complain of, but of
other nan jqs in a greater degree; and, m fact of all
Europe, m so«e degree or other. It is not one
article only that is burdened by foreign legislation.
In the report of the Secretary of State on the re-
strictions and duties of foreign Governments, before
referred to, you will see many articles oppressively
taxed as well as tobacco I will select two: the
duties on our bread-stuffs m England, France,
and some other countries, amount almost to a pro-
hibition. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Tr plett] stated that the duty on wheat in England
was about forty per cent but, sir, the duty in that
country amounts to a prohibition except when
large masses of her population are absolutely
starving. Upon such occasions we may get a
high price for our gram, but the market is generally
so fluctuating that any farmer or miller wno relies
on European markets, is likely to bj ruined.
Our extensive coast from New Brunswick to
Texas is lined with inexhaustible fores's m timber.
The duty in England on our timber is two pounds
fifteen shillings on the fifty cubic feet, and to an
oppressive extent on lumber, stave', and shingles.
Cutting off, in a great measu-e, our abundant re-
sources from the supply oí an immense demand
for ship building, houses, and other objects. Now,
sir, is it expected that Congres, representing all
these interests, wi I consent to commence with to-
bacco, without including breadstuff , timber, and
many other articles. It a general system of reta-
liation is adop e 1, what will it lead to' An unmi-
tigated sjstem cf high taxation. The protective
tariff men Will be ready to avail themselves of
strength from this source. Most, or all, oí the
protected articles of msnufactu'e will be obliged
to be used in this senj-ral scheme of retaliation
You may su-ceed by means of a combination of
interests ia having taxes laid on, but you woull
seldom get two interests to agree at 'he same time
in taking them off, even m case of relaxation by a
foreign Government in regard to tobacco or any
one article No, sir; let us keep out of this con-
nec ion. T^e tobacco interest is to be courted in-
to a general system of increased taxation. It is to
be used as the pretext for adding burdens on the
many, without hope of sharing the benefits of the
few.
In regard to foreign countries there is nrt one
alon?, but all, in some degree, to be operated agnnst
Why do gentlemen speak so much of injuries from
the regulations of France? Austria has similar re-
strictions. France takes «¡even thousand hogs-
heads of tobacco, and Austria not as many hundred.
The latter is a great tobacco consuming country,
with nearly the ropulation ot the former. In fact,
instead of France be.ng first to be complained of,
she is among the last. It is all Europe you pro-
pose to war against, and m this war of who shall
tax highest, it is not difficult to fore«ee who are to
be the sufferers. Why, sir, foreigners will laugh
at you for merely entertaining such a proposition.
Had I not profound respect for the many gentle-
men who advocate the policy, I would say it was
absurd and ridiculous in the extreme.
It has been said that Mr Jefferson, when Secre-
ary of Slate, in 1793, did, in a report to Congress,
sanction the policy ot retaliation for exorbitant
duties on our products in foreign countries. It was
under different circumstances, and at a time when
the principles of free trade had scarcely began to
relax the inexorable restrictive systems of that pe-
riod. Those who adduce this authority should be
governed by Mr. Jefferson's better au'honty, after
years of experience and reflection. He had been
minister in F.ance from i7e3 to 1766, took a live-
ly ¡merest m the tooacco trade, and was well in-
formed as to all its bearings. He was President ot
the United States from 1801 to 1809, the condition
of the tobacco trade became worse; but still not one
word is heard from him in regar 1 to retaliation on
this account, or on account ot any other forcgn
internal tax on oui production*. If Mr Jefferson
was here now, it is presumable tha  he would give
you stronger reasons why you ought not to resort
io it, than prevailed with h<m through the whole
period of his Presidency
If you enter on the pioposed policy, it will be
the first time it has been adopted m the history of
the Government.
[Here Mr. Jenifer read from au act of Con-
gress, which he said enacted similar ictaitatory du-
nes.]
Tna section just read refers to a different subject
altogether. Several other ac's have like provi-
sions. By these ac's tonnage duties, and duties on
the cargoes of foreign ships coming into our ports,
were laid to counteract injury to our navigation,
from the discriminating duties laid upon our ships
and their cargoes in foreign ports. These acts
could be made to affect the offending nation direct-
ly, without the power of evasion, and are very dif-
ferent eases from the present There « not in all
the statutes of the Government, one which was in-
tended to operate as a retaliation against the inter-
nal taxes or restrictions of foreign Governments on
our production0. Equal commercial privileges of
our cit zens in foreign lands-, and equal exemptions
for the cargoes of our ships, have been peculiar
subjects of regard. The nature of the remedy can
in these cases be effective. We have their citizens
and their ships to operate upon, instead of our own.
I am not sure, in the zeal to accomplish benefits for
commerce and navigation, the interests of agricul-
ture have not in our negotiations been too frequent-
ly overlooked.
In our own legislative history we can find no ex-
ample to justify, a.nd much to deter us from the
proposed course. My colleague from Norfolk
[Mr. Mallory] reminds me of the West India trade.
Yes, sir, the West India trade was sacrificed for a
time, and Norfolk nearly ruined, by indulging
merely the idea of reta'iation. The act of Par-
liament of 1825, extended to all "ations accepting
them, very liberal terms of trade with the loo-
nies of Great Britain. This country alone, I be-
lieve, refused to accept the terms, expecting to be
able to force better. Negotiation af'er negotiation
fouowed, we were refised the terms offered at first
—the trade was sacrificed, and it was not until the
arrangement of Mr. McLane, in 1830, that we
were admitted to a participation in tne trade on the
terms we had rejected before
No encouragement can be drawn from the histo-
ry of retaliatory duties m Europe—one retaliation
has generally brought on another, until a system of
high taxes restriction , and monopolies have weigh-
ed down the laboring classes almost to the condi-
tion of brutes. A commercial war of tms charac-
ter was waged between France and England, that
amounted almost to non-intercourse, un'il the be-
nign influence of free trade principles began to re-
lax its rigors.
The burdens imposed on our tobacco abroad
have been complained of by several gentleman as
acts of hostility, which we had a right, and were
called on to avenge. It has been considered in the
light of violated honor, which should make the
b'ood boil, and rouse the chivalry of American ci-
tizens. This is new doctrine in thiscoumrj; no pub-
lic functionary ever claimed the right toregulate the
interior administration of any other Government.
Our present ministers in England and France have
both, in this correspondence, repudiated any such
pretension, and so have our ministers elsewhere.
It would be a most dangerous position—take it in
regard to other aations, and they claim it m re
garn to this. The Holy Alliance may take a fancy
to regulate your tariff, or to elect your President.
England may require you to sustain the credit of
banks, or assume the debts of the States We
may wrangle about these matters as we please, but
foreigners must let us alone. The French Go-
vernment may restr ct their people to the use of
sugar extracted from the beet; or to such poor to-
bacco as they may cultivate, free from the right of
other nations to interfere; and other nations may
exercise their discretion m similar respec's, without
the right of interference by France. England may
carry the taxing of her subjects so far as to reduce
the food of her poor to potatoes without salt, and
the United States will have no right to complain of
it as a wrong: yet I hope few will be found willing
to follow her example.
Gentlemen taunt us with backwardness m assert-
ing ihe rights of our suffering countrymen. What
red'es do they propose? Simply to tax them more,
and over again. The remedy is misapplied; and if
the wrong was of the characer described, it would
