392
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1841.
26th Cong.......2nd Skss.
be too weak and too tame by far. No, if gen-
tlemen are really in earnest, let them rouse
up tbeir courage and ask Congress to declare
war at once. A war against foreigners, would
be scarcely less disastrous than a war oí taxation
at heme.
The gentleman frem Massachusetts, [Mr. Cusn-
jns] gave us a short supplement to the speech of
the gentleman from Maryland, in which he stated
that, in Massachusetts, the three great interests of
that State were so balanced as to be opposed to a
high protective tariff; but were in favor of an ample
revenue for the wants of the Goietnmeiit, to be rais-
ed iH)h a view to protect manufactures, and to retali-
ate against imposi'ions on our agriculture L°t me
tell him that, to carry out the Harrison policy on
these principles, a high tariff in its greatest dimen-
sions is at once constituted. You have only to
add to this protective and retaliatory system the
projects avowed so generally m this House and
elsewhere, as leading objects of the new Admini-
stration, and yuu have a powerful conjunction ot
interests, breaking down the barriers ot the Con-
stitution, and overwhelming the equal rights and
common welfare of the country.
SPEECH OF MR. HUBBARD,
Or ALABAMA,
In ¿he Bouse of Representatives, Januafy 20/', 1841—
On the Treasury Note But   /
Ms Chairman: I will say a few words in sup-
port of the bill under consideration, jo  answer to
objections raised agamst it, and will ¿hen reply to
some general remarks made by gentjemen on the
other side, as to the proper policy hereafter to be
pursued by this Government.
It is admitted by both parties here, that we have
not money enough in ihe Treasury to supply the
wantsof the Government for the first quarter of
the year. All agree that more must be had; but
we differ as to the best mode of racing it. The
party opposed to me want to borrow and create a
permanent national debt, and seem anxious to
make the outstanding claims against the Govern-
ment appear as large as possible, became they
dewe to have a large amount of money to expend
under the coming Administration, and to raise
which they propose to increase the taxes. The
party with which I act believe that the taxes are
already high enough, and that, instead of in-
creasing them, we ought to cut off expenses a* fast
as possible; that the Government should spend less,
make no permanent debt, and leave mora lor the
people. We therefore think this the best mode oí
raising money for temporary purposes—because
cheapest, and because it is salest
It is eheapest, for this reason: if we issue our own
note , the credit of the whole Union being belter
than the credit of a part, composed of stock-
holders in any bank, we would circulate the Trea-
sury notes, many of ihem at a less rate of interest
than bankers could lend us the money for; and
upon all the notes kept in circulation after interest
ceased to run, would save the interest to the people.
Besides this, these notes being made receivable for
publia lands and taxes, interest upon them would
cease ás fast as paid in, whereas, if we borre w
from capitalists, and put the money m the Trea-
sury in large sums, and give bonds for the Joan, the
people are made to pay interest fiom the date, and
also lose interest on every dollar lying idle in the
Treasury. Why, then, should the whole people,
better credit than only a/ew, swap cicdit with the
few, and pay boot' It won't do, sir. It is nothing
but favoritism to a few capitalists; and gentlemen
ought to find out some way to let the whole people
Uve upon their own credit, rather than buying, at so
high a rate, the credit of only a iew of that peo-
ple.   Thia bill provides such a method, and if not
the best, let gentlemen find out a better mode__
always taking care to let the whole of the people
be partners in the gain,and not afewof the wealthy
or pretended wealthy.
Some gentlemen fear that if we adopt this cheap
mode of raising money when we do need, we may,
from habit, use it when we do not need. This
argument, if it has any force, would compel us to
adopt the most expensive schemes of Government,
for few the people would like a cheap one too well.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Hubbard.
I have no such fears; and, sit, I should here have
closed my remarks upon the bill, if gentlemen
on the 6ther side had been contented to slop their
political strife. I thought that the country wai 
tired, and wanted quiet—wanted the public busi-
ness attended to. My friend, the chairman of the
Committee of.Ways and Means, [Mr. Jones, of
Virginia,] who brought in this bill, said not a
word m relation to party politics or the late elec-
tion, and we did hope that no allusion would be
made to it. But, sir, we are not allowed to gtt
along in this quiet way. The election last summer,
which decided that General Harrison should be
President, and decided no other question, has
not satisfied the great body of the Whig party
in Congress. The people are to he tarried fuither.
Not only is what they call Loeo Foco Van Buren
Democracy to be put down, but, I much fear, Re-
publicanism itself The country has to be carried
back to a period before Mr Jefferson's day The
Government is to have a new direction given to
it, it we are to believe the most talented gentlemen
on the other side, who have marked out the Une of
policy which General Harrison is to pursue
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Barnard,]
who lead's in this debate, denies the correctness ot
that part of Mr. Van Buren's message which says
that "the Government has answered the great ob-
j'Cts of its creation," and says that "General Ha -
nson will pursue a policy to effect those great
objects "
Let us look at that policy, however, as laid
down by the learned gentleman; and we find
it an effort to persuade the people lo submit to
much greater burdens than were even pretendtd
before the elections
Fortificatious are lo be built along the whole of
oui extensive seacoast and lakes, and also upon
the whole oí our western and northwestern frontier,
old forts to be lepaired, expensive barracks to be
built, even in the wilderness, with public money,
as if a «oldier could not cut a bcaid-tiee and build
a cabin, roads are to be cut out, from post to post,
throughout the west and northwest. Did anyone
evei hear of propositions so extraordinary' Did
the people when they elected General Harrison,
ever dieam of such things' Millions upon millions
are to be added t«< the expenses of the Government,
and the people taxed to raise i', and, at ihe same
time, that pan of the revenue received f torn public
landi, which belong-, to ihe whole Union, to pay
the debts of all, is to be di'tributed to pay the debts
of indebted Slates, contracted for their own bene-
fit, and for objecti in winch those not indebted
have not the slightest interest.
This, sir, is but an outline marked out for the
action of General Harrison's administration, and
for the futme course of the tieat Whig party
And, sir, how truly have the different members of
this party, with but one exception, followed in the
tiack marked out; and each, m his tuin, according
to the climate or locality of his constituents, and
their ability to bear their part of the load intended
to be laid upon them, taken his part' Some (like
the gentlemen from New York) boldly take the
whole, others, what they can bear at home; some,
the tariff, bank, and internal improvements, all to-
gethei, some, ihe distribution; some, the military,
and some, the naval expenditures, some, harbors,
si me, light-house-, and some internal improvements
alone, and some oily take what to me seems merely
an apology tor the tanil, like my friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Ihompoom,] who s^ys that the
Souih once contended fur taxing tCluxunes, and if
she won't now let wines and silko be taxed, she will
be like the pouting child, \\ho would not let his
bread be buttered on either side.
Now, I undeistand that when the South touk
this course, she wanted the taxes laid on luxuries,
and taken off of necessaries, and if the same pro
position was before her, she would desire the same
thing now. But no such proposition is made; the
tax on salt, iron, woollens, flannels, and all of the
necessaries of life, are left, to thp great injury of
the great body of the people; and it is proposed to
add this additional tax to their burdens, not for
support of Government, but for all of these splendid
schemes of national expenditure, that the tax is to
be laid; and, instead of refusing to have our bread
H. of Reps.
buttered on either side, we, of the South, are only
refus ng to butter both sides of the bread of every
other section ot the Union, where these large sures,
extorted from our woiking people, are to be ex-
pended.
1 consider this argument, therefore, a mere
apology for a high tariff and excessive expenditure,
and was sorry to hear it come from one who,
in former times, stood up so manfully for Southern
interests.
But, Mr. Chairman, I have somewhat wandered
from the line of my intended remarks. The gentle-
man from Maine [Mr Evans] fallowed the gentle-
man from New Yorlr, and he took issue with the
Secretary of the Treasury, both as to his facts, esti-
mates, and policy. He denied tnat "there was any
recorded evidence of the country's prosperity," as
al eged by the Secietary m his annual report
upon the state of the finan-ef, and the gentleman
has gone throughout the whole Union, and picked
up here and there isolated of s?s of fiscal derange-
ment. Now, sir, this mus', and always will, hap-
pen; and under all GovernmeUs, whether Republi-
can, monarchical, or dpspot.c But they furnish
no just ground for revolution or change; and I was
sorry to hear a gentleman of his ta'ents exerting
his great intellect, and powers of debate, to create
dissatisfaction among our people, when there was
comparatively so lude ground for it If he had
only looked around him, he would now have found
the BritiA and French Governments so much dis-
tressed for money as actually to have to borrow
millions. Thi* pecuniary distress of those Govern-
ments is, without doubt, caused by commercial de-
rangements brought about by the paper money
system, which has jievailed with them as well as
with us; and which derangement throughout this
country, has wjon^fully been charged to General
Jackson's and Mr. Van Buren's administration.
Gentlemen have effected their object by it. They
have got into power, and it is t me, now, to stop
it. If they did not know better when they made all
this complaint, they know better now; since they
see that the strongest Governments on earth are
suffering embarrassments under the paper system,
as well as ourt-, and to a much greater extent.
And nwas on this accounts—because we had been
enabled to get along better than others—because
our exports and imports had gone on so well, and
suffered so little—that the Secretary of the Trea-
sury spoke of it as "the recorded evidences of the
country's prosperity," which the gentleman from
Maine has  denied
I now, sir, proceed to prove that the Secretary
is right, and the gentleman from Maire wrong, and
I do it by simply giving a lM of the value of our
foreign imports and exports for seven years before,
and seven years after, the deposites were removed
from the United States Bank, wuh the differences
m faver of the last seven years (from 1833 to
1840) over the former seven years, (from 1826 to
1833-)
Average annual exports from 1826 to
1833        ...           -   $80,053,194
Average annual exports from 1833 to
1840        -                                        119,028,564
Difference m value of exports from
1833 to 1840 over the seven ysars
before removal    -           -           -     38,975,370
Nearly tbirty-mne millions yearly '
Let us see how it stand  with imports.
Average annual imports, from Ihe
removal of the deposites, for seven
years       ...           - $141,143,109
Average for the seven years next be-
fore removal        -          -           -    89,386,005
Yearly difference -           -           -      51,757,104
Nearly fifty-two millions'
Gentlemen say much of the excess of importations
was the fruit of the State loans. Admit this to be
true; the same cannot be said of the exports. They
were, for most part, the value of the labor of that
portion of our people who dig the ground for a
living, and whom gentlemen are now so anxious to
tax again; and afford evidences of their prosperity,
