S94                                          APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                   Jan. 1&41.
26th Cong---.2nd Sess.
bis constituents how much they are to be taxed to
pay back into the Treasury the amount so taken
out and distributed. Nor have they made any cal-
culation to show their constituens how much of
this increased tax will be lost in paying agents,
officers, and collectors, in taking out and distribut-
ing, and then collecting and putting the money back;
for if each State pay back what they first get out,
they gain nothing, and lose the whole expense. If
they gain more than they put in, they rob and
plunder others to the amount of the gain. This
ought not to be popular with an honest people. If
they get back less than they pat in, other States
rob and plunder them. No people ought to like
that. But, sir, this is the bait, and the only bait,
offered to the great masses of voters, either to
plunder and defraud others, or to be plundered and
defrauded by them.
Bad, sir, as this is between State and State—bad
and intolerable as it would bs to tax oac man, not
rndebted, to pay the debts of another who was,
and at the same time let the man m debt keep the
prope'rty for which the debt was contracted, (for
these indebted Slates keep their internal improve-
ments and other works,)—yet, sir, there is a feature
in this distribution scheme, connected with it,
which makes it more intolerable with the people
of Alabama than it would be with many of the
other States. She "did not, by reason of her South-
ern location and being a new Slate, get as much
for her six per cent, bonds, as New York or Penn-
sylvania got for their five per cents. This diffe-
rence on her eleven and one-half millions of bonds,
having twenty years to run, is nearly two millions
of dollars; and after losing this, for want ot credit,
all of our properly and labor is to be bound in
mortgage as security for the debts of the other in-
debted States, who then had credit, but who now
have none- It is monstrous injustice. But, sir,
this is not all that is to be done to carry out these
high-handed and dangerous measures proposed hy
the gentleman from New York, and which but one
out of nine prominent members of the party, who
have spoken on the $ame side, have pretended 10
disavow: on the contrary, most of them have fol-
lowed it up, and given it a support, either in the
whole or in part. The gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wise,] who differed from his friends on the
measures ot the coming Administration, was al-
most scowled upon by his paity, as if he had ut-
tered treason or rebellion. Don't let gentle-
men go bsfore the people with honeyed words
any longer. Let tliem tell them the gieat
truth daily developed here; let them tell them,
that, instead of coming heie to protect iheir con-
stituents from taxation, (the very foundation of
free governments,) they come here to get money
from the public Treasury, to divide out and distri-
bute for these great ",-eparaie interests;" (hat
masses, through their representatives, come here to
plunder masses; and that when a sectional majori-
ty has plundered a sectional minority, under ihe
pretence of benefiting the majority, that then it is
divided out among classess, and the richer plunder
the poorer; the cilies and rich and strong di-tricts
get all from the country and poor and weak dis-
tricts; and then, in turn, the rich men of the cities,
and strong districts get all of the plunder from the
multitudes of farmers, mechanics, and laborers,
who get back little or nothing—not a tenth part of
what they pay out in taxes upon food and clothing,
to carry on these great schemes.
The great body of the people East, North, and
West, will begin to undetstand that all of these
schemes of plunder are not intended for their be-
nefit, but only for a few large dealers. Por in-
stance; the people who Uve near a harbor, dry-
deck, fortification, road or river improvement, or
any other of these multitudes of objects of expen-
diture, may in some few instar.res get a small ad-
vantage or beneSt; but they must and will ic¿e in
the end, for the system of expenditure will lay a
a load of taxatien on (hem and their children, and
will fasten upon them a swarm of oflieeri to keep
them up, who will forever afterwards feed and
fatten upon the labor of an overworked, ovei-
taied, and under-fed people.
Suppose, sir, that no money was used in these
transactions, and a painter was capable of placing
Treasury Note BUI—Mr. Hubbard.
the whole matter truly before our eyes; what a
picture would he present to the astonished eyes of
the farmers, laborers, and producers of the Ame-
rican people ! They would be seen, every one of
them, bringing her* together their pigs and poultry,
beef and mutton, lambs and veal, butter and eggs,
flour and vegetables, and putting them all into
the great State kitchen to be cook-td. He would
then represent the feast, by seating around the
(able, in a carpeted room, the cities, com-
merce and navigation, and public officers, in
the form of round, fall, well-fed alderman-
shaped men, eating and consuming all of the
choice piecs. And he would paint the farmers,
laborers, and producers, outside of the house, with
tkeir lean and hungry families quarrelling and
wrangling with each other about who should smell
mo:t of the steam from (he kettle. This would be
the picture, if truly drawn.
Tais is all that the great body of the people get
back of these taxes and expenditures; and I am
not willing that the people I represent should sup-
port them any longer.
I am alarmed, sir, at what I have seen and heard
here relative to this whole scheme of taxation, ex-
penditure, and distribution, which it is said General
Harrison's administration ought, and is intended,
to carry out. The largest amount of money that
possibly can be rais"d from the public lands is to
be raise.! for such purposes. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr.JoiiNSON] supposes that rsany of
these lands, which are now called poor, and will
not s. 11, if held up, might be sold from five
dollars to ten dollars per acre. The large States
will become greedy for money, and will send agents
to run ihemup on our people. They are, I fear, to
be driven off, and not have a place to rest the
«oles of their feet on, unlets as tenant.? for other
people. Many of them have been living upon
imall spots of tillable land, scattered about through
great bodies of poor and waste I.<nds. They have
mixed their labor with the soil, and their little im-
provements make great part of their value; many
of them, sir, have laid in their grave", on these .«pots,
the dearest objects of their affection; parents and
children, husbands and wives, lie there buried: and
who wants to disturb them? I will tell you, sir.
Slate debts fall due; the holders of these bonds
want money; and these consecrated spots are to be
told to the highest bidder by an auctioneer; our
people are to be driven off, and the very bones of
our relatives sold, to make money for these State
debts, and to carry out other extravagant schemes.
So help me high Heaven, if the people of Ala-
bama will join me, not one acre of these lands—
"this gift of God to man"—not one acre, I say,
shall ever be mortgaged or sold to meet these debt*,
whether held by British or American owners.
When we joined the United States, and were id-
milted into the Union as one of the body, the lands
were not subject to an/ such hen; the lands within
our limits would have belonged to us, if we had
not agreed to surrender that right upon our ad-
mission. We made a surrender to the whole Union,
tor the common use; and never intended other
Stales, in their separate capacity, or foreigners, to
have an interest in them. If, therefore, they are
diverted from that object, and do not belong to the
whole, united, they have reverted to us, by reason
of our soveieignty and domain. It is the para-
mount duty of the new States to protect their citi-
zens and we shall fail to perform it, if we ever
allow them to be pledged and sold for ¡hese debts.
The gentlemen all admit that thai the indebted
Sla'tes are able to pay, if they were willing; but
members oí their Legislatures try to avoid the re-
sponsibility of laying the tar. They brought the
Stales m debt, but are afiaid to tax them to get
them out, and desire to make an impression that it
will come easier to the people of the States not to t.ix
property in posse-sion,such as lands, houses, mer-
chandise, bank stock, and money loaned at inte-
rest, which can be taxed equally, according to the
amount and value each person may own; bm to get
the lax laid by Congress upon such articles as
every family daily needs, must use, and which I
have shown falls unequally, in proportion, upon
those who ate poor and in moderate circumstances.
And it seems to me that these gentlemen Whigs
H. oí Reps.
¡ all see this, and know it; but they attempt to avoid
its effect upon the public mind, by an outcry against
"direct taxation." They desire to malte direct
taxation by the States unpopular, and then think
they carry on indirect taxation by Congress to their
hearts' content. How unlike statesmen do they act,
and particularly under present circumstances, when
our country, as they ?ay, is threatened with war—
which, if it does come, will cut off our foreign trade,
and our revenue from indirect taxes also! upon
which event we will be compelled to carry on the
war by direct taxes, and have no oiher mode left.
How unwise and improper, then, to use exertions
to make it unpopular, when it is the only possible
reliance in cas« of war! If the people of the Union
would but face this question of taxation as freemen
ought to do, and understand it in all of its bear-
ings upon Congress and upon them, they would
not be easily imposed on by a cry of direct taxes.
Let them once understand that members, whom
they send here to keep taxes from being laid upon
them, do not fear their resentment for taxing pro-
ducts, or articlts exchanged for products, because it is
matter of dispute who pays this tax, whilst they
are afraid to tax property held by the wealthy, and
the people will then require their representatives
"to toe the mark," and to oppose taxation in all
shapes not actually needed to carry on the Go-
vernment; and, when so needed, to make the
taxation bear equally upon all classes and sections
of the Union—upon the cities and seaports, as
well as the d'Stant Stales and back counties.
I have prepared a statement of the cost of col-
lecting our revenue by customs or indirect taxes,
which shows how the whole country is drained
of money to pour out into the rich cities—the
places wheie the taxes are collected, and ten per
cent, (the expenses of collection) spent; which, if
collected in the country, throughout the Union, in
every country where the goods are retailed, would
leave in tho-'e counties the expenses of col-
lection, because collectors would spend their sala-
ries in each county; which would leave with the
people, every year, ten per cent, of the amount
of their taxes. Let us see, sir, what that would be
worth to the country in seventy years, upon our
y.-arly expenditures, and which now goes to the
cilies.
Estimating the cost of collection for seventy
years at the present rate, and the amount of taxa-
tion to be such as to raise twenty-five millions a
year, the people of the interior of the country
would pay, in seventy years, one hundred and
seventj-five milliois to officers in the cities, for
expensei alone; which they would gst without in-
terest; and if jou put interest upon ic every year,
at six per cent, and aid to it the principal, makes,
in seventy years, the enormous sum of over two
thousands of millions of dollars. It is true that but
few of the people can make compound interest;
but bankers and raone}-lenders in cities do make it;
and it is no w onder that your large cilies grow so
rapidly, and a few managers within (hem make
millions upon millions of dollars. It is no wonde
that they should be so fond of indirect taxes, and
of increasing them by every opportunity they can
get, and of increasing the general expenses of mis
country. It is no wonder that the gentleman from
New York snould bring forward all of his splendid
schemes of expendiiure and taxation. It is luliy
explained in the fact that the real estate, houses,
and lots, &e. in the city of New York alone, are
worth nearly as much money—and have been so
valued and assessed—as all of the lands, farms,
cities, towns, and villages of the whole of that
great State; and besides,if we go on taxiug,collecting,
and expending, in (he cities, as we have done, the
cities upon our coast will, in less lhan a hundred
years, swallow up the industry of the whole of this
extensive country; and city property will be to the
whole Union, what the city of New York now is
to that great State—be worth as much, or nearly
as much, as the whole of all the other property of
the Union. This never conld be the case if taxes
were collected, and cost of collection expended, in
every county of the Union. When gentlemen
can show that direct taxes wou'd produce worse
consequences than I have proven to flow from in-
direct, then it will bs time enough to try and Bake
