fegii-841,
26th Coks.".2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
___________Treasury Note Bill-----Mr. Hubbard.
395
H. of Eeps.
it odious to talk of direct taxation. The principal
objection, I presume, to direct taxation, is a fear
that the people will see it and understand it, and a
Representative would be afraid to go home and
meet his constituents, after raising the taxes upon
them, which he can now do by telling them "that
he laid the tax so that it don't fall upon them, but
falls on somebody else"—"on a rich man," or "a
Southern man," or "a Northern man," or a French-
man, or an Englishman—according to the place
and company he is addressing
Mr. Chairman, I gave my views about a Na-
tional Bank last session. I attempted then to
show that it was boih unconstitutional and mexpe-
dient. It would, in my opinion, be attended with
most disastrous consequences in the present condi-
tion of our State and local banks There is some
solid capital in the country yet. People atemore
and more going to work, instead of reljing upon
credit, and, in a few years, timet, will get better,
but if you charter a bank, all of the country banks
will be prostrated, and the specie withdrawn, to en-
able the new National Bank to totter along during
infancy, and the whole country will be overrun and
scourged, as was the case from 1818 to 1327, by
the late bank But, gentlemen Whigs say that this
bas been determined upon. They have the
power now, and, I suppose, intend to exercise it
It is, therefore, my duty to hold them accoun'a-
ble to the people for fair and just dealing when
they make the charier; and if they act justly with
the people when they give the keeping of their
taxes to a bank, they are bound to demand from
the stockholders, as a bonus, the value of the mo
ney left m the vaults of the banks to be loaned out
on interest. When the Sub Treasury bill was
passed, those opposed to it contended it would keep
twenty millions of the people's money locked up,
and out of circulation. This we denied But
gentlemen have now changed their complaint; we
are not now about to keep enough money on hand,
since a Bank is likely to get it The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] thinks we ought to
keep always on hand a quarter's salary, that is,
one quarter of the ) early expenses of the Govern-
ment. The gentlemen from New York and Maine
suppose we ought to have regularly a balance un-
appropriated at the end of the year, of about eight
millions, if I understood them. Now, the value of
these deposites, on collecting, keeping, and disburs-
ing for twenty years, (supposing balances on hand
to be eight millions, and the deposites, after appro-
priations by disbursing officers, and sums lying in
bank not called for, to be only four millions,) then
the value or amount which the Bank would receive
in twenty years, as interest on the people's taxes,
lying in their hands and loaned out, would be
$26,485,6134—twenty-six and nearly a half millions
of dollars; the present value of which, without ex-
penses, would be $8,758,342—nearly nine millions
of dollars—which could be given by any company
for a charter, and then they would net six per cent,
on their money so given as a bonu ; and if they have
any capital of their own to put in, the advantages
of the charter, with the credit of the Government,
will enable them, without doubt, to make expenses
and profits out of their own money. I now tell
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Jenifer,] that
the charter, with the use of the people's taxes, is
worth nearly nine millions of dollars; and when-
ev«r he and his Whig friends do go to hire out to
capitalists the labor of our constituents, that they
will be expected to charge something like the the
value of money belonging to the people, and we
will hold him and his friends accountable to the
people if he does not.
I have, sir, given a general view of the extrava-
gant and splendid scheme of expenditures and taxa-
tion proposed by the gentleman from New York.
I will now notice the single one of fortification5, and
our defenceless state, upon which he dwelt so fol-
ly. Whenever Governments desire to get the people
to submit to increased taxation, and wish to silence
all opposition, this is the cry:' war is coming, and
we are defenceless." That was the cry in 1824
and 1828, when these odious tariff schemes were
put on the country. Some only wanted to protect
manufactories, that blankets might be made at
home, "to  keep our soldiers   warm," and "iron
provided for the manufacture of arms " And, sir,
hundreds of million? were extorted from the labor-
ing people, and wasted, squandered, and expended,
gentlemen say, and still the country is defence-
less, and more taxes are wanted. People begin
to find out that this, too, is mere humbug.
There will be no war, sir, unless Government
finds out that it can make more out of their peo-
ple by this mode of taxing, than they can make out
of any other. Por Governments, m modern
times, have found by experience that it is easi r
and safer, and more profitable, to get their own
people to hold still and be fleeced, than to attempt
to make the same amount out of another nation by
war. The plunderers, therefore, of nations of
the present day, thrive better in peace than in
war. But, sir, suppose I am mistaken, and we are
to have war. Tms scheme of fortifying our im-
mense seacoast and frontier is an absurdity. All
of the work and wealth of the nation would not
construct the forts which gentlemen would keep up,
nor will it repair the old ones, so as to be of any
use. It is agreed on all hands that the great in-
crease of the siz'Of cannon n w in use, will enable
a single vessel to knock down any iort we have
built, or could build, that stone, brick, or mortar,
cannot stand against them, and that the only mode
of defence against such, is to arm vessels with guns
of equal size, and meet the invaders on the water,
and drive them off, sink them to the bottom, or
sink ourselves This is the only alternative, as it
appears to me.
Nations, sir, have usually selected for their em-
blems some terrible animal of either the four-
footed or feathered tribe—such as a lion, tiger, eagle,
or hawk—an animal that could seize and tear its
foes to pieces. But, sir, if we are to set all of our
people to digging in the ground, and going into
lortificaiions, we should take the eagle from our
flag, and change the emblem. There is an ani-
mal called a "gopher," of the terrap n tribe, with
a shovel in the fore part ot his shell, with which
he digs deep in the sandy lands of the South,
and hides bimself from his enemies, and we
should select him as a fit emblem of our national
character, if all of our people are to be engaged in
digging out fortification*, as proposed by the gen-
tleman from New York. Does the gentleman de-
sire to see us a nation of gopher ? I am sure
our people would cease to think of any thing
but hiding in the ground, if they saw the whole
money and energies of trie nation employed m dig-
ging out such hiding places An invading enemy
would have nothing to do but go around these
forts; and the people, already accustomcid to look
upon fortifications as the only means of defene ,
would quickly surrender, unless they could get
into thes>e "gopher holes," where the enemy, after
overrunning and subduing the country, would
then dig them out at their pleasure No, sir, make
the character of your people correspond with that
of the proud bird which you have selected as an
emblem Let them be ready to fly at and pounce
upon an enemy, wherever he is to be found,
not to flee from him, and hide in your "gopher
dens."
A few general remarks, Mr. Chairman, and I
shall close. We are not only considering this bill
to raise money for temporary wants of the Govern-
ment, but we are conside mg the state of the whole
Union And, sir, how different is the language I
now hear, from what was said during the last ses-
sion of Congress, previous to the election of Gene-
ral Harrison.
Then, gentlemen told the people that the Demo-
crats had been wasteful and extravagant.
Now, they say that no reduction can be made in
expenditures.
Then, they told the people [that we were for re-
ducing the prices of labor.
Now, they are for increasing taxes and expendi-
tures, which, in every country and age, has a direc
tendency ta reduce the wages of labor, because it is
out of these wages the taxes are made up.
Then, they told the people that the Whigs
went for reducing Executive patronage. Bat
now, they go for every measure that must and
will increase it. For, sir, these hundreds ot
schemes for clearing out rivers, making roads,
light-houses, harbors, dry-docks, fortifications,
barracks, &c. &c. &c. multiply the number of
people who are to depend on Government for
work and; employment, in the shape of "con-
tractor?, artists, and laborers; multiply, also,
the officers to be appointed by the President
and under his control, and that of his friends: all
of these must add to the Executive influence felt in
elections—an influence which the gentlemen had
the benefit of, to a great extent, in the late election;
for these men were getting hungry and alarmed at
the reductions m expenses making by Mr. Van Bu-
rén—were greedy for another routine of taxation
and expenditure, and therefore joined in the cry,
and voted against him. The present proposed
measures, therefore, have a direct tendency to in-
crease this Executive patronage and influence.
It will not do for gentlemen to say that General
Harrison only intends to serve one term, and, there-
fore, will not interfere and exercise this power.
They will remember that they charged General
Jackson with appointing his successor. If this be
true, why may not General Harrison? Is he better
and wiser than Jackson? If he is, will every man
that comes after him be wiser and better? This
will not do for argument with the people, whs will
not allow great principles to depend on any one
man. And gentlemen and General Harrison must
follow the advice of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr Wise,] and must prac'ise here, after they get
power, THE PRINCIPLES which they preached
to the people before the elections.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnard}
denies the truth of that part of the President's
message which states "that our Government has
admirably fulfilled the objects of its creation.
And, sir, I have given an examination of the
measures < f Government proposed by that gen-
tleman, for General Harrison and his party to
make tbe Government answer the purposes for which
"they think it was created." It is found, I hum-
bly conceive, to be only a mode of betienng the
condition of ihe great and already overgrown inte-
rests of officer-, bankers, capitalists, politicians,
and rich men, engaged mostly in commerce, navi-
gation, and manufactures, and owning city proper-
ty, at tbe expense of agriculture, mechanism, farm-
ing, planting, and labor, throughout the whole
country besides
I will tell gentlemen how they can make a plain
Republican form of Government suit our people
much batter than any change they will be able to
make. Let them, instead of employing their pow-
erful talents and abilities in making our people dis-
satisfied, use those abilities in producing the only
reform ¡n our power—"a reform of our habits"
Let them advise their people, young and old, rich
and poor, against relying on bank credits for the
means of support, instead of industry, frugality,
and economy. Let them admonish people "who
have property, and desire to keep it, to cut down
their expenditures; that their young men cannot
longer be indulged in smoking, drinking, and idle-
ness at taverns and hotels, if they expect to keep
their property; that if they let their daughters mar-
ry such idle and extravagant young fellows, that
they will live with them only so long as they fur-
nish them money to spend in idleness, and that, so
soon as the duties and drudgery of taking care of
a family come on, these gay idlers haye not energy
enough to take care of them; lhat they generally
leave their families m disgrace, as soon as the pro-
perty is exhausted. Tell them, iberefore, to dis-
countenance all such idlers, and keep ihem out of
their hou>es, and, by force ot public opinion, com-
pel them to work. Tell the wealthy and hereto-
fore extravagant families, that they cannot keep
their property, and go on with their extravagant in-
dulgences, that the three Governments of England,
Prance, and the United States, are all borrowing
money to get along, and that our young men cannot
indulge in boiling their hams m Champagne wine
at the Astor House, going to theatres, and other
such extravagant and wasteful practices. Tell
them to lend their countenance to the prudent,
industrious, and upright, however they may appear
to want polish, and what is usually called refine-
ment. Tell them that such make the best husbands
and family connections.   Turn to the poor aa4
