
morning. July 26, which was done, the bridge constructed, and communication established between the cavalry forces on the south bank of the river with those on the north bank.

The new line to be occupied by our left bank, upon the withdrawal of the Army of the Tennessee, having been completed by the morning of the 27th of July, the movement of that command toward our right flank commenced, and at the same time the movement of the cavalry forces began; that passing around the enemy's left flank being under the command of General McCook, and that around his right flank under General's Stoneman and Garrard, the balance of our army meanwhile pressing forward and gaining ground as rapidly as possible. This was continued on the 28th of July, when, at about noon, a furious attack was made upon the Army of the Tennessee, particularly upon the Fifteenth Corps, by a force of the enemy which moved from Atlanta out on the Lick Skillet road. The whole of the Fifteenth Corps had been refused along a ridge extending northwestwardly from Ezra Church, and nearly parallel with the Lick Skillet road, its left joining the Seventeenth Corps and making nearly a right angle with it near the church. The position was a most admirable one, and the enemy was severely whipped.

The rebel army in our front had been under command of Joseph E. Johnston until the 19th of July, when the command was transferred to General Hood. Johnston's policy appeared to be a purely defensive one. Hood's was decidedly offensive-defensive, as shown by the fact that three desperate and severe battles were fought within ten days after he assumed command.

The last three days of July were devoted to skirmishing to attain positions as favorable as possible. Meanwhile, under instructions from the major-general commanding, I selected a new line to be occupied as a flank by a portion of the Army of the Cumberland, in case it was decided to transfer the Army of the Ohio to the right flank. The line was constructed under the superintendence of Lieutenant Wharton, U. S. Engineers, after it had been fully discussed between Lieutenants Wharton, Twining, and myself. It extended from our from line near Walker's house, on the Collier's Mill (Buck Head) road nearly due north, to the line of rebel works evacuated on the night of the 21st of July.

On the night of the 1st of August the Army of the Ohio was withdrawn from its position on the left, and rapidly moved to the right near the poor-house and extending nearly to the north branch of Utoy Creek at Willis' Mill, the engineers giving general directions concerning the lines. I rode over their whole extent in person.

August 2, the Army of the Tennessee swung forward its extreme right, about half a mile, turning upon its position at Ezra Church as a pivot. The Army of the Ohio connected with the right of the Army of the Tennessee. This movement developed a part of the enemy's line in front of these two armies, and discovered the same system of batteries, connected by infantry curtains, that we had met before, thus showing that we had not yet found the enemy's left flank, the prime object of all our movements.

August 3, a portion of the Army of the Ohio was thrown across Utoy Creek, and established itself on the south side without much opposition.

August 4, an attack was ordered to be made at 3 p. m. by the Army of the Ohio, and the Fourteenth Corps, of the Army of the

