
August 26, the movement of the Army of the Cumberland still going on, an at dark the wing of the Army of the Tennessee was swung to the rear upon its right and occupied the position previously prepared for it.

August 27, all the army in motion except the Army of the Ohio. The Army of the Cumberland was placed in position along Camp Creek, covering all the roads leading from Mount Gilead Church toward East Point and Red Oak. The Army of the Tennessee was thrown further to the right, but close enough to keep up communication. It covered all the roads leading toward Fairburn. But little resistance was offered to our advance. The troops intrenched their position every night. This was made a rule from the time the campaign commenced, and was continued until the close of the war whenever the proximity of the enemy rendered it prudent. I amy add, also, that during all the operations of this great army, extending over a year of time and thousands of miles of territory, it was never surprised.

August 28, the Army of the Cumberland was thrown forward upon the Atlanta and West Point Railroad at Red Oak, and the Army of the Tennessee at Shadna Church and Fairburn, while the Army of the Ohio was thrown into such a position along the road from Mount Gilead Church to Red Oak as to cover our left flank. Immediately upon striking the railroad the troops were intrenched and without the loss of a dozen men we had secure hold upon it, and could proceed to destroy it as leisurely as we pleased.

August 29, the greater part of the army was at work destroying the railroad, which was effectually done for about twelve and a half miles, every tie being burned and every rail bent. The enemy did not attempt to disturb us.

August 30, the army again in motion, being directed as follows: The Army of the Ohio toward Morrow's Mill, the Army of the Cumberland toward Couch's farm-house, and the Army of the Tennessee toward the Renfroe place. The latter pushed on still farther and succeeded in seizing the Flint River bridge and gaining a foothold between the river and Jonesborough. The enemy was found in force, covering the town.

August 31, the Army of the Ohio moved toward a point on the Macon railroad two miles south of Rough and Ready Station, and succeeded in reaching it, and, making a secure lodgment, intrenched. The Fourth Corps was put in position in support. Four more brigades of the Army of the Cumberland moved from Couch's due east, until they struck the railroad between the Army of the Ohio and Jonesborough, when they also intrenched. About the same time that these forces reached the railroad the enemy attacked the lines of the Army of the Tennessee immediately in front of Jonesborough immediately in front of Jonesborough and tried to carry them by assault. They were repulsed with heavy loss.

It was reported to me by Captain Reese that the First Missouri Engineers, which had been transferred at my request from the Army of the Cumberland to the Army of the Tennessee, had just joined the force in the field, and were available for duty. This was the first regularly organized engineer regiment to join the army at the front.

September 1, the Army of the Cumberland was concentrated so as to connect from the left of their Army of the Tennessee to the railroad, about two miles north of Jonesborough, the Fourth Army

