
sive, were provided with mantelets from the embrasures; these were made both of rope and of boiler iron, and were of such a shape that they completely closed the embrasure when the gun was "from battery."

A complete set of photographs* illustrating these defenses has been forward to the Engineer Bureau, and they are projected upon the map illustrating the siege of Atlanta.+

All of which is respectfully submitted.

O. M. POE,

Captain, Corps of Engineers, Chief Engineer Mil. Div. Miss.

Numbers 7.

Reports of Major General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, near Dallas, Ga., June 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the operations of my command for the month of May as follows.

In obedience to constructions from the major-general commanding the military division, I got my command in readiness for a forward movement on Dalton, Ga., and was fully prepared to move on the 2nd of May, as directed. Major-General Hooker, commanding Twentieth Army Corps, was directed to move from Lookout Valley, via Lee and Gordon's Mills, on east Chickamauga Creek, to Leet's farm, on the road leading from the mills to Nickajack Gap, the movement to commence on the 2d. Major-General Palmer, commanding the Fourteenth Army Corps, was to concentrate his command at at Ringgold, Ga., and Major-General Howard, commanding the Fourth Army Corps, was to move from Cleveland, East Tennessee, on the 3d, and concentrate his command in the vicinity of Catoosa Springs, about three miles east of Ringgold; McCook's division of cavalry to move on Howard's left; Kilpatrick's division of cavalry was stationed at Ringgold, picketing toward Tunnel Hill, and patrolling on palmer's right flank; Garrard's division was detached and operating under instructions from Major-General McPherson, commanding the Army of the Tennessee. The army got into position by the 5th, and stood as above directed, communication having been fully established from the right to the left of the whole command.

According to instructions given on the 6th, the army move on Tunnel Hill at daylight on the 7th in three columns - Palmer's corps on the direct road from Ringgold, Howard's via Lee's house, and Hooker's via Nickajack Gap and Trickum. The enemy made some show of resistance in Palmer's front, but evacuated Tunnel Hill on the appearance of Howard's column on his flank, and fled toward Buzzard Roost, our troops occupying Tunnel Hill Ridge. Palmer's command was then moved forward and took position on Howard's right along the ridge, and both corps remained there for the night. Hooker's column reached Trickum Post-Office about 4

---------------

* To appear in the Atlas.

+ For Continuation of this report, see Vols. XLIV and XLVII.

---------------

