
The roads were so full of wagons that Palmer's corps could not get into position by night of the 25th, but on the morning of the 26th Johnston's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, was moved up to within a short distance of Hooker's and Howard's commands, and was posted in reserve. Davis' division, Fourteenth Corps, which had reported back to its command (it having been relieved at Rome by troops from the Army of the Tennessee), was sent by General Palmer to move on Dallas by the most direct road from where he then was to support General McPherson's command, and communicate with the right of General Hooker. Baird's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, was left at Burnt Hickory to protect the trains at that point and the rear of the army. McCook's division of cavalry met the enemy's cavalry on the road leading from Burnt Hickory to Marietta near its intersection with the lower Dallas and Allatoona road. McCook's troops skirmished heavily with the force opposing them, inflicting on them considerable loss and capturing 52 prisoners, from whom it was ascertained that the whole of Wheeler's cavalry was posted on the right of the rebel army. The left of General Howard's corps was swung around to the right, occupying a line of hills running nearly perpendicular to the line occupied by Hooker on the 25th, thereby threatening the enemy's right. The Twenty-third Army Corps, Major-General Schofield commanding, was posted on the left of my command, Schofield's left extending to and covering the road leading from Allatoona to Dallas, via New Hope Church. There was light skirmishing all day while Howard and Schofield were working into position, and at dark on the 16th Howard's left connected with Schofield's right. In the mean time trains were brought up and rations and ammunition issued where practicable. Strong breast-work were thrown up all along the line, the men working cheerfully to resist any attack the enemy might see fit to make.

On the 27th, in accordance with instructions given by the major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi, Hooker's and Howard's corps pressed the enemy, supported by considerable artillery firing. Wood's division, of Howard's corps, supported by Johnston's division, of palmer's corps, was move to the left Schofield's line and swung around toward the right, attacking the enemy's right flank and driving him into his rifle-pits, with considerable loss, however, to our troops. Our men had to contend with an almost hidden foe, the ground being cut up into ravines and covered by a dense forest filled with undergrowth; but notwithstanding all the difficulties of the country both officers and men did their work nobly, and having assumed a position were not to be moved from it. The enemy came out of his works in front of Newton's division, of Howard's corps, attacking Wagner's and Kimball's brigades, but was driven back after a short and warm contest. General Davis occupied Dallas with his division on the afternoon of the 27th, skirmishing with the enemy and driving him as far as he could without losing his connection with General McPherson. Davis reported that after skirmishing all the afternoon he developed the enemy in force and strongly posted in front of his (Davis') left, with a battery in position on a hill commanding the road between him and General Hooker. Davis had, however, cut a road through the forest to his rear, by which he could communicate safely with Hooker. During the night of the 17th the enemy attacked Davis and was repulsed after a sharp fight, leaving behind him a few

