
they advanced, gaining some ground, which they immediate prepared to hold. Howard's corps, on the right of my line, occupied the enemy's attention, and was held in readiness to follow the general movement against the enemy's right.

June 3, General Palmer advanced Baird's division about a mile in a southeasterly direction, and General Hooker moved Butterfield's and Geary's divisions toward the Acworth and Dallas road, sending one brigade to take possession of and hold the bridge across Allatoona Creek, four miles southwest from Allatoona. General E. M. McCook, with this division of cavalry, took position on the direct road from Dallas to Acworth at the crossing of Allatoona Creek, one and a half miles south of and above the crossing held by General Hooker's troops. Scouts were sent into Acworth, reaching there at 11 a. m., finding the town nearly deserted. They captured a few of the enemy's vedettes. On reaching the new position the troops were immediately set to work strengthening them by breast-works of logs, while continual skirmishing was being kept up with the enemy.

During the night of the 4th the enemy fell back from our front, his works being found completely evacuated on the morning of the 5th. After a careful reconnaissance of the ground lately occupied by him, the conclusion was that he had fallen back in the direction of Big Shanty, a point on the railroad about six miles from Marietta.

June 6, General Hooker moved his command to the vicinity of McLean's house, on the Sandtown road, near its intersection with the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road, and about three miles southwest from Acworth. General Palmer's corps was posted on General Hooker's left, Palmer's left resting on Proctor's Creek; General Howard's corps in the vicinity of Durham's house. By direction of the major-general commanding the military division, the whole command remained in the above position until the morning of the 10th instant. In the mean time the railroad was complete through to Acworth, and rations and ammunition were replenished.

June 9, General E. M. McCook, commanding First Division of Cavalry, made a reconnaissance toward the enemy's position in our front. After passing two miles beyond the pickets of the Twentieth Army Corps, he came upon those of the enemy on the Marietta side of Allatoona Creek, and drove them in upon a heavier line about a mile beyond, coming in view of the enemy's camp on Pine Hill, where they appeared to be in force.

June 10, Palmer's corps moved out of camp on a road running in a southeasterly direction, passing by Owen's house, and found the enemy strongly posted on Pine Hill, skirmishing with him until dark. Howard's corps moved on the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road and took post on the right of Palmer in front of Pine Hill. Hooker's corps moved on the same road with General Howard's command.

June 11, the commands of Generals Palmer and Howard moved to the left and slightly in advance of their position of yesterday, General Palmer's left resting on the railroad and connecting with General McPherson's army. The enemy was found to be strongly posted on a line of hills running west from Kenesaw Mountain to Lost Mountain, with a strong advanced work on Pine Hill. The approaches to this position were over a very broken and thickly wooded country which two days of rain had rendered almost impassable.

