
June 14, Palmer's corps and the left of Howard's pushed forward to a position about a mile in advance of their line established on the 11th. Howard's right being already in close proximity to the enemy's position on Pine Hill.

June 15, the enemy having evacuated Pine Hill during the night, it was occupied by General Howard's troops early in the day. About noon General Hooker's corps, on the right of Pine Hill, advanced against the enemy's position directly in his front, driving him to his main works after very heavy skirmishing and considerable loss. Howard's corps also moved against the enemy on the left of Pine Hill and succeeded in driving him to his main fortifications. Both Hooker and Howard established themselves within 100 yards of the enemy's main line, and immediately secured the position gained. The right of Palmer's corps moved in connection with General Howard's left.

June 16, Hooker and Howard remained in the positions taken up by them yesterday, their skirmishers being close up to those of the enemy, keeping up a steady firing all day. Palmer advanced his center division a short distance toward the enemy's works, shortening and more nearly perfecting the line established by yesterday's operations. Batteries were placed at commanding point along the entire line, and kept up a continuous fire on the enemy's works and camps.

June 17, having ascertained during the night that the enemy had evacuated his main line of works, the Fourth and Twentieth Corps were advanced early in the morning, passing over the fortifications lately occupied by the enemy, and swinging around toward the southeast, proceeded until their skirmishers came upon those of the enemy, whose main force was posted on a line of hills bordering Mud Creek, on the Marietta side of it, running nearly perpendicular to their earth-works lately abandoned, and in southwesterly direction from Kenesaw Mountain. The right of Palmer moved in conformity with Howard's corps, keeping up the connection with the left of it, while Palmer's left still rested on the railroad in front of Kenesaw, connecting at that point with the right of the Army of the Tennessee. Hooker's right rested at and a little in advance of Darby's house, on the Sandtown road, nearly five miles due west from Marietta. Part of General Howard's troops, in the center, under the fire of a heavy cannonading previously ordered, charged the enemy's rifle-pits and effected a lodgment in the woods close up to his main line. During the night the enemy made two attacks upon this force and was repulsed each time. General McCook's division of cavalry turned the enemy's left during the afternoon, driving his cavalry across Mud Creek, on the Dallas and Marietta road, to within six miles of Marietta, an Capturing 2 hospitals containing 5 officers and 35 enlisted men, 14 nurses, and 2 surgeons.

June 18, at 4 a. m. Wood's division, of Howard's corps, pressed up close to the enemy's works, finding him still in force. Shortly after, the right of Howard's skirmishers, strongly supported, advanced suddenly and carried an intrenched line of rebel works, capturing about 50 prisoners. The enemy tried hard to regain the ground, but failed in every attempt they made. Howard's men pressed the enemy so closely that he could not thrown out skirmishers from his works, while our pickets, and at some points our main line, kept up such a well-directed fire of musketry that the rebels could not use

