
their artillery. During the day and night batteries were worked into positions from which the enemy's works could be enfiladed, should he remain in them by morning.

June 19, at 5 a. m. each of my corps commanders notified me that the rebels had fallen back from our front, and an advance of the whole line was immediately ordered. Howard's troops came up with the enemy at 7 a. m. on the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road, finding him posted on a mile of ridges just west of Marietta, and apparently in strong force. Skirmished with him heavily all day, capturing 250 prisoners, among whom were 14 commissioned officers. General Palmer formed his corps on the left of Howard's, close up to the base of Kenesaw Mountain. General Hooker came up with the enemy across Noyes' Creek, on the Dallas and Marietta road, strongly posted on a line of ridges, evidently a continuation of those in General Howard's front. Skirmishing was kept up along the line until dark, the troops in the mean time getting well into position.

June 20, Wood's and Newton's divisions, of Howard's corps, were moved to the right to relieve William's and Geary's divisions, of Hooker's corps, posted across the Dallas and Marietta road, near Guess' house; the movement being made in order to enable General Hooker to operate more strongly against the enemy's left flank, and at the same time co-operate with and support General Schofield's army, which was nearly two miles distant on the Sandtown road, endeavoring to cross Noyes' Creek, the enemy disputing his passage. Stanley's division, of Howard's corps, carried a hill to the right of the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road, driving the enemy from his skirmish rifle-pits and into his main works. The position gained was immediately strengthened by earth-works, which were scarcely completed when the enemy in strong force assaulted Stanley and was quickly repulsed with severe loss. He made a second attempt in less than left and hour afterward, and was again driven off, our men capturing about 20 prisoners. At dark the right of palmer connected with General Howard's left.

June 21, General Howard's troops carried a hill about 700 yards in advance of the position gained the night before; his main line was moved up about 500 yards, fortifying the position, under a terrible artillery fire from the enemy, our skirmishers taking possession of an intrenched line lately occupied by the enemy. A number of prisoners were captured, and the conduct of the troops was admirable. General Hooker's troops carried and occupied a prominent hill about 500 yards in advance of his old line, and then connected his left with General Howard's right.

June 22, Williams' division, of Hooker's corps, skirmished itself into position on the right of Geary's division, the right of Williams' resting at Kolb's house, on the Powder Springs and Marietta road. About 4 p. m. the enemy in heavy force attacked Knipe's brigade in its advanced position before his men had time to thrown up any works, and persisted in the assault until sundown, when they withdrew, their ranks hopelessly broken, each assault having been repelled with heavy loss. While this attack on Hooker was in progress the enemy opened heavily with artillery along our whole line, to which we answered fully to his satisfaction, our practice being very fine. After dark General Howard's left division (Stanley's) was relieved by King's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, Stanley in turn relieving the left division of Hooker's corps, which was transferred farther to the right.

