
June 23, it having been found desirable to gain possession of a prominent hill a short distance in advance of Stanley's position on Howard's right, directions were given to the latter to advance a strong skirmish line toward the enemy's works in front of Stanely's and Newton's divisions, and if found practicable, without too much sacrifice, to carry the hill by assault. This movement was preceded by a heavy cannonade from Howard's batteries and part of Hooker's, lasting fifteen minutes. Stanely's skirmishers carried the enemy's skirmish rifle-pits, capturing a number of prisoners, but could not gain the main works on the crest of the hill. They held the ground gained until after night-fall, when, being attacked in front and flank by a greatly superior force, Stanely was obliged to fall back to the position he occupied in the afternoon previous to advance. On the center and left of Howard the advanced line secured themselves in their positions and were able to hold them.

June 25, Davis' division, of Palmer's corps, being on the extreme left of my army, was relieved by troops from General McPhersons' army, and moved to a position in reserve, behind the right of Howard's line. This change was effected after dark, and by daylight on the 26th Davis' troops had reached the position assigned them. Baird's division, of Palmer's corps (being relieved by troops from the Army of the Tennessee), was also withdrawn from its position in line in front of Kenesaw Mountain and moved during the night of the 26th to a position in reserve near that occupied by Davis' troops.

June 27, at 8 a. m. the enemy's works were assaulted at two points, one in front of Newton's division, of Howard's corps, and the other in front of Davis' division, of Palmer's corps, Davis having relieved the right division (Stanely's) of General Howard's line. Stanely moved his command a short distance to the left, and acted as a support to Newton's division in its assault upon the works, Wood's division being in reserve. Davis' assault was supported by Baird's division, of Palmer's corps, on the right, and Hooker's whole corps was held in readiness to support the movement of Palmer's and Howard's commands. Although the troops were enabled to drive the enemy into his main works and reached that point with of the heavy fire of musketry and canister brought to bear upon them at short range, but held the ground gained. Our loss was 1,580 killed, wounded, and missing, some of our men being shot while on the parapets of the enemy's works. We took 130 prisoners. General Davis immediately commenced fortifying his advanced position at the distance of about seventy-five yards from the enemy's fortifications, covering the working parties with such a heavy and well-directed fire of musketry that the enemy could not molest them in their operations. About midnight on the 29th the enemy attacked Davis, overwhelming his skirmishers and driving them back, when they rallied and drove the rebels back again to their works.

During the 29th and 30th all remained comparatively quiet along the line, the skirmishers in the most advanced positions only exchanging occasional shots with the enemy.

Throughout the month the enemy's cavalry in small parties, assisted by guerrillas and disloyal citizens, have been prowling along the railroad between Chattanooga and the points occupied by the main army. On a few occasions they succeeded in burning one or

