
right, his right connecting with the left of the Army of the Ohio, near Kolb's house, on the Powder Springs and Marietta road; Palmer's corps in the center, except King's division, which occupied the works on the left of Howard's corps, and connected with the Army of the Tennessee at the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road, in advance of York's house; the First Division of Cavalry, Brigadier General E. M. McCook commanding, was operating on the right of the army of the Ohio and protecting that flank; the Second Division of Cavalry, Brigadier General K. Garrard commanding, was still detached from my army and operating under instructions from the commanding general of the Military Division of the Mississippi, and the Third Division, Colonel W. W. Lowe commanding, was stationed on the railroad between Cartersville and Dalton, scouting the country thoroughly between those two points. The troops of Generals Hooker, Howard, and Palmer had worked themselves at considerable cost of life and labor into position close up to the enemy's fortifications, at some points within a hundred yards, and everywhere so near that they could advance no farther without making a direct assault on almost impregnable works. It was then decided by the major-general commanding military division to leave my command where it then was, to hold the enemy in check, carefully watching his movements, while the Army of the Tennessee would be withdrawn from my left and transferred to the right of the Army of the Ohio, with a view to turn the enemy's left flank and force him from the strong position he held to the southwest of Kenesaw Mountain. This movement was in process of execution during the night of the 2d, when about daylight of the 3rd each of my corps commanders notified me that the enemy had left their respective fronts and that our skirmishers were in possession of his works. A pursuit was immediately ordered by different routes, the concentration to be at Marietta, which place was entered by my troops about 9 a. m. After a short delay the columns were again set in motion, Palmer's corps moving along the railroad by the main Marietta and Atlanta road, with Hooker's command on his right and Howard's on his left; all three within supporting distance of each other. About four miles out from Marietta they came up with the enemy's rear guard, and skirmished with him to near Ruff's Station, where he was found strongly posted in earth-works, which had evidently been finished some time previous with a view to his being obliged to make his present retrograde movement toward the Chattahoochee. The lines were formed, and by night-fall the three corps had skirmished themselves into position close up to the enemy's works, having fully developed their situation and strength. Quite a number of prisoners and stragglers were picked up during the day, about 500 being reported.

The next morning, July 4, the line of battle was readjusted, and during the afternoon the enemy's skirmishers were driven into his main works and our main line was advanced a short distance, our skirmishers intrenching themselves on the line formerly occupied by those of the enemy.

At 4 a. m. on the 5th information was received that the enemy had evacuated his fortifications, and our troops were in possession of them. A pursuit was ordered and made in three columns, Howard's corps, on the left coming up with the enemy near Pace's Ferry, over the Chattahoochee, just as he had safely effected a crossing of the river at that point and had cut loose the pontoon bridge on

