
pickets lining the south bank the pontoon train, under charge of Colonel G. P. Buell, Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, was moved forward to the river and a bridge laid with remarkable celerity and precision by 11 a. m., and shortly afterward a second. As soon as the first bridge was completed Palmer's corps commenced crossing and immediately after Palmer's General Hooker's command went over. Palmer's advanced division (Davis') relieved Wood's division, of Howard's command, and the latter immediately proceeded to rejoin the balance of its corps at Abernathy's house. About a mile beyond the river Davis' division came upon the enemy in some force posted among the turnings of the hills, who fired upon his advance, and, after some show of resistance, fell back toward Nancy's Creek. The column was again set in motion, and proceeded to near Kyle's Bridge, over Nancy's Creek, where lines was formed by Palmer's corps, with Hooker's corps on its left, Palmer's skirmishers being pushed out from his right toward the junction of Nancy's and Peach Tree Creeks. Light skirmishers continued until dark.

On the morning of the 18th the whole command crossed Nancy's Creek, and, driving the enemy before it in its advance, pushed forward to a position in front of the old Peach Tree road, leading from Turner's Ferry to Decatur, Palmer's right resting near the junction of Nancy's and Peach Tree Creek, with Hooker's corps on his left, Hooker's left connecting with Howard's corps at Buck Head.

The advance of Howard's corps, moving down the main road leading from Buck Head to Atlanta, reached the crossing of peach Tree Creek at 6.30 a. m. on the 19th, finding the bridge destroyed and a pretty fair infantry work constructed as a bridge-head, just beyond, manned with infantry. During the afternoon a crossing was forced by Wood's division a short distance below the Buck Head and Atlanta road, and by Stanley's above, both divisions effecting a lodgment on the south side by dark, the enemy stubbornly resisting their advance. By direction of the major-general commanding the military division, Stanley's and Wood's divisions, of Howards' command, were closed to the left on the Army of the Ohio, which was moving on a road leading to Decatur, leaving Newton's division, of Howard's corps, to the right of the Buck Head and Atlanta road. During the afternoon of the 19th parts of Hooker's and Palmer's corps were crossed over to the south side of Peach Tree Creek, the latter meeting with considerable resistance.

The whole command was across at an early hour on the 20th and the line was adjusted. The left and center advanced to feel the enemy during the afternoon, and while on open ground and unprotected by any works, were assaulted furiously, the attack falling first on Newton's division, which gallantly stood it ground, repelling charge after charge, although his left was very much exposed throughout the contest; thence sweeping toward the right they assaulted Hooker's corps, and the left brigade (McCook's) of Johnson's division, of Palmer's corps. Each assault of the enemy was met gallantly by the whole line and hurled back, our men not yielding a foot of ground. The fighting continued throughout the afternoon till sundown, when the enemy, repulsed at all points, fell back to his works. Our loss was severe, numbering 1,600 in killed and wounded, but judging from the number of the enemy's dead left on the field and buried by us (200 being found in Newton's front alone) his loss must have been much greater. We captured 360 prisoners, of whom 122 were wounded, besides several stand of colors, small-

