
for re-enforcements, General Davis was instructed to send one division from his corps to its support. Kilpatrick's division of cavalry, stationed on the right of the Army of the Tennessee, formed a passage across Flint River, and drove the enemy's pickets to within one-half mile of Jonesborough. He was then attacked in turn by a heavy force of infantry and forced to withdrew.

September 1, at an early hour the remainder of the Fourteenth Corps moved from Renfroe's house, on the Decatur and Fayetteville road, to rejoin that part of the command which had advanced the day before to the Rough and Ready and Jonesborough road. The junction formed, the corps moved south toward Jonesborough and reached the pickets of the Army of the Tennessee about two and a half miles from the point of concentration. A reconnaissance was then sent out toward the railroad, which drove in the enemy's skirmishers and gained possession of a ridge on the north side of Mill Creek with but small loss. Later in the afternoon two divisions of Davis' corps (Fourteenth) were formed on the ridge and artillery was opened on the enemy's works with good effect. The line of battle being finally adjusted the command moved forward, attacking the enemy vigorously and driving him several hundred yards to works, which were carried along the entire line of Davis' command after very heavy fighting and a loss of over 1,200 men Two field batteries of four guns each were captured in the enemy's fortifications, together with about 1,000 prisoners (including 1 general officer and several field officers) and a number of small-arms and battle flags. The enemy's loss in killed and wounded was very severe. During this time the Fourth Corps (Stanely's) was moving from near Rough and Ready toward Jonesborough the column was deployed with view to advance against the enemy's right flank, but it being already quite late, darkness came on and prevented any extensive movement. The line of Stanely's corps was on the left of the railroad facing southwest. Davis' corps passed the night in the enemy's works, the left of the line connecting with Stanely's right at the railroad.

During the night the enemy fell back from Jonesborough, retreating toward Lovejoy's Station, where he was followed on the morning of the 2nd by the Fourth Corps and the Armies of the Tennessee and of the ohio. Davis's corps' was directed to remain at Jonesborough to bury the dead and collect captured property. Stanely's corps moved along the railroad and to the left of it, coming up with the enemy just north of Lovejoy's Station about noon. Line of battle was formed and preparation made to advance against the enemy, on conjunction with the Army of the Tennessee on the right It was only at a late hour, however, that the assault was made and darkness prevented any decisive movement. Part of Stanley's troops gained the enemy's works and carried a small portion of them, but could not hold possession of the ground for want of co-operation on the part of the balance of the line. During the night information reached us that at 11 a. m. on the 2nd the mayor and authorities of Atlanta had surrendered the city to a force of the Twentieth Corps, Major-General Slocum commanding, which in obedience to instructions previously given had been sent out from the Chattahoochee to feel the enemy's strength. The city had been evacuated the night pre-

