
vious, the army destroying in its retreat public property of considerable value, including eighty car-loads of ammunition. Fourteen pieces of artillery and several thousand stand of small-arms were found.

On the 3rd the major-general commanding the military division issued orders to the effect that the campaign was ended, and that the grand army would return to Atlanta and vicinity until a new plan could be considered regarding future movements. Directions were at the same time given for the withdrawal of the troops. Corps commanders were instructed to send to the rear all surplus wagons and whatever material that could obstruct the movements of the troops. The enemy still remained intrenched at Lovejoy's, although he was discovered to be moving his trains toward Griffin with the supposed intention of withdrawing his main army to that point or still farther.

At 8 p. m. on the 5th, in conjunction with the rest of the army, the Fourth Corps quietly withdrew from its position and fell back to Jonesborough, reaching that place at daylight on the 6th. The withdrawal was admirably conducted and executed with complete success, although much impeded by a rain-storm and consequent bad condition of the roads.

Both corps (Stanley's and Davis') remained quietly at Jonesborough during the 6th, although Davis' rear guard was attacked by the enemy as it was moving through the town to join the balance of the corps in position north of it. The enemy occupied Jonesborough during the afternoon with a cavalry guard, but contended himself with exchanging a few shots without skirmishers.

On the 7th at 7 a. m. the Fourth Corps withdrew from its camps near Jonesborough moved along the railroad to near Sykes' house, northeast of Rough and Ready, and took up a position for the night. The Fourteenth Corps fell back simultaneously with Stanely's command, marching on the main road leading to Rough and Ready from Jonesborough, and was posted on the right of the Fourth Corps, north of Rough and Ready. The enemy showed no disposition to follow the movements of either command.

The Army of the Cumberland reached Atlanta on the 8th, and was posted on the outskirts of the town-Davis' corps on the right, across the Campbellton road, Slocum's corps in the center, and Stanely's on the left. The pickets of all three corps were thrown out well to the front, and occupied commanding positions.

For a detailed report of the operations, I have the honor to refer you to the reports of the several corps commanders.

Herewith I have the honor to forward returns of prisoners of war, of captured property, and ammunition expended, and a consolidated return of casualties.

In concluding this report, I take the greatest pleasure in calling attention to the uniform gallantry displayed by the officers and troops of the Army of the Cumberland in all the battles in which they participated, and in their unwavering constancy and devotion to duty at all times during the entire campaign, commencing with the contests of Rocky Face Ridge and around Dalton and ending with the operations at Jonesborough and vicinity, which forced the enemy to evacuate Atlanta. During these four months of active campaign hardly a day has passed that some portion of this army was not engaged either in skirmishing or in actual battle with the

