
enemy, and on every occasion behaving with that self-reliance which is the sure prestige of success. All may be justly proud of their participation in the campaign against Atlanta.

Among the many gallant and lamented dead who have given their lives to sustain and defend the honor of their country and Government we must enumerate Brigadier General C. G. Harker and col. Dan. McCook, Fifty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, who were mortally wounded leading their respective brigades in the assault on the enemy's intrenchments near Kenesaw Mountain, June 27. They were both skillful, brave, and accomplished officers.

The members of my staff were at all times efficient and active in the discharge of their various duties.

I inclose herewith the reports of subordinate commanders, which embody the operations of their respective commands in detail, and to which I have the honor to invite the attention of the major-general commanding the Military Division of the Mississippi.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel R. M. SAWYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of the Mississippi.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 57. In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 16, 1864.

The movement of the army against the Macon railroad will begin Thursday night, August 18, and will be continued on the following general plan:

I. All army commanders will send across the Chattahoochee River and within the old rebel works at the bridge and down as far as Turner's Ferry all surplus wagons, horses, men, and materials not absolutely necessary to the success of the expedition, and will collect in their wagons with best teams bread, meat, sugar, coffee, &amp;c., for fifteen days after the 19th instant, and ammunition, and park them near Utoy Creek.

First move: General Kilpatrick's cavalry will move to Camp Creek; General Schofield will cover the Campbellton road, and General Thomas will move one corps (General Williams') to the Chattahoochee bridge, with orders to hold it, Pace's Ferry bridge, and a pontoon bridge (Captain Kossak's) at Turner's Ferry, ready to be laid down if necessary; the other corps (General Stanely's) will move south of Proctor's Creek, to near the Utoy, behind the right center of the Army of the Tennessee, prepared to cover the Bell's Ferry road; General Garrard's cavalry will fall behind Peach Tree Creek, and act against the enemy should he sally against General Williams' or General Stanley's corps during the movement.

Second move: The Army of the Tennessee will withdraw, cross Utoy Creek, and moved by the most direct road toward Fairburn, going as far as Camp Creek. General Thomas will mass his two corps (General Stanley's and Johnson's) below Utoy Creek, and General Garrard's cavalry will join General Thomas by the most direct road or by way of Sandtown bridge, and act with him during

