
the rest of the move. General Schofield will advance abreast of and in communication with the Army of the Tennessee as far as Camp Creek.

Third move: The Armies of the Ohio and Tennessee will move direct for the West Point road, aiming to strike it between Red Oak and Fairburn. General Thomas will follow well closed up in two columns, the trains between. General Kilpatrick will act as the advance, and General Garrard will cover the rear, under direction of General Thomas. the bridges at Sandtown will be kept and protected by a detachment of cavalry detailed by General Elliott, with a section of guns or 4-gun battery.

II. During the movement, and until the army returns to the river, the utmost care will be taken to expose as little as possible the trains of cars and wagons. The depots at the bridge, at Allatoona, and Marietta will be held against any attack, and communication kept up with the army as far as possible by way of Sandtown. On reaching any railroad the troops will at once by disposed for defense, and at least one-third put to work to tear up track and destroy iron, ties, and all railroad materials.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

B.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 226. Near Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Pursuant to Special Field Orders, Numbers 57, from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, Major-General Stanely, commanding Fourth Army Crops, will, early during the day to-morrow, dispose of his wagons as directed in paragraph I of the order referred to, sending those which he is to take on the march to the rear of the position he is directed to occupy, south of Proctor's Creek. At 8 p. m. he will withdrew his entire corps from the breast-works, except a picket-line, and mass it on advantageous ground, somewhere about the Meyer house, and cover the withdrawal of General Williams' corps. The pickets of the Fourth Corps will withdraw at 12 midnight, retiring by the left flank, and march to join their corps. After General Williams' corps has withdrawn, General Stanely will continue his march to the position indicated, south of Proctor's Creek, to near the Utoy. Brigadier-General Williams, commanding Twentieth Army Corps, will send his wagons to the rear early in the day to-morrow, and at 12 midnight will withdraw from the breast-works, the pickets following immediately after the passage of those of the Fourth Corps. He will move to the Chattahoochee River and take up the position indicated in the order from the headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi. The movements directed for the cavalry are so clearly defined in General Sherman's order, that no further instructions are considered necessary in this order.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

