
Numbers 8.

Reports of Surg. George E. Cooper, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

MED. DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Atlanta, Ga; October 11, 1864.

SIR: The report of the campaign of the Army of the Cumberland, beginning in the first week of May, 1864, and ending with the capture and occupation of Atlanta, is made from personal knowledge beginning on the 10th day of June, 1864. All information previous oral information given me by medical officers connected with the army.

I joined the headquarters in the field near Big Shanty, Ga., having been prevented by malarial fever from reaching the main army sooner. Shortly after the action at Resaca I went to that place, arriving the morning after the army had advanced, and observed the preparations which had been made for the reception of the wounded. By my direction the hospital train accompanied me, and all wounded able to be transferred in it were sent to Chattanooga. At Resaca I was prostrated by fever and compelled to return to Chattanooga, where I remained until the actions near Dallas occurred, when I went to Kingston, and received the wounded and sick from the front, had them transferred to the rear, and then with the first opportunity joined headquarters in the field. The preparations for the campaign and the medical and surgical outfit had been made by Surg. Glover Perin, U. S. Army, who had been medical director of the Army of the Cumberland until relieved by me, and by his foresight and care everything had been prepared which could facilitate the medical officers in providing for the sick and wounded of the army. A large field hospital, consisting of 100 tents, with all the appurtenances, had been organized, and was following in the rear of the army, at a convenient distance, keeping the line of the Western and Atlantic Railroad; into this the major portion of the wounded and sick were received and treated, until transportation to Chattanooga could be furnished them or their condition would permit of it.

This field hospital was first or their condition would permit of it, remained until May 16, 1864, when it was brought forward to Resaca, Ga, in order to receive and accommodate the soldiery wounded in that action. It there remained until the last days of June, when it was brought to Big Shanty, but was sent to the rear in a few days, in consequence of that position being uncovered by the flank movement of the armies under General Sherman, which caused the evacuation of Kenesaw Mountain by the rebel forces and gave us possession of Marietta, Ga. On the occupation of that town the field hospital was transferred there somewhere about the 8th of July, 1864. It remained in Marietta until after we had crossed the Chattahoochee River, when it was brought forward to Vining's station, Ga., where it remained until the capture of Atlanta, when it was removed to that place. Here an eligible and convenient position was selected, the tents pitched, the sick received, and much labor expended on the grounds; but the mobile condition of the field hospital continued, for the position selected was unfortunately one which the engineers decided to be necessary for erecting a fortification on in the inner line of works; and the vast labor expended in cleaning up what had been used as a mule corral, so as to fit the ground for hos-

