
pital purpose, had to be repeated; and still more unfortunately the sick had to be transferred from a clean and comfortable position to one which was far less eligible and convenient.

This hospital, under the charge of Asst. Surg. M. C. Woodworth, U. S. Volunteers, had been of the greatest benefit, and too much credit cannot be given that officer for his zeal, energy, and activity.

In this field hospital every preparation alimentation of the sick and permit of had been made for the proper alimentation of the sick and wounded. An acting commissary of subsistence had been detailed to accompany it, who kept it supplied amply with every delicacy procurable, and these, in addition to the articles supplied by the different sanitary commissions, enabled the surgeons on duty to furnish the patients with as good a character of diet as could be found in the permanent hospitals at the rear.

By direction of Surgeon Perin, a train of some thirty wagons had been organized for the purpose of carrying medical supplies with the army. This, under the charge of Asst. Surg. J. W. Craig, Tenth Illinois Infantry, field medical purveyor, kept the army fully supplied with all the medical and hospital stores needed by the troops in the field. Never, from the hour of starting from Chattanooga till the present time, had this army wanted in medical stores, and always has there been a sufficiency on hand to meet any emergency. For the prompt furnishing of supplies we are much indebted to the Assistant Surgeon-General, R. C. Wood. It was only necessary to state that articles were required for the use of the troops at the front when orders were issued from the Assistant Surgeon-General's office, which had them forwarded with all the speed that possibly could be made.

Ample hospital accommodations had been made at the rear for the reception of the sick and wounded of the armies operating in Georgia. These had been organized previous to the advance of the armies, and it was only necessary to increase their capacity by the addition of hospital tents to accommodate all who were brought from the front for treatment.

It is impossible to speak of any of the actions which occurred in the present campaign as an entity, for in reality it has been a series of skirmishes and heavy actions from the advance on Tunnel Hill until the occupation of Atlanta. This campaign has in former years had no parallel. It may be regarded as a continued series of sieges, with the accompanying assaults and skirmishes, together with sallies on the part of the enemy, who attacking our troops were met and in nearly every case repulsed. Not a foot of ground was gained save by hard fighting, and the constant throwing up of works and intrenchments, which would be abandoned by our troops only to occupy others more in advance. It is stated that some 300 miles of rifle-pits have been constructed by our troops during the campaign. This necessarily demanded constant labor. The ground dug up from Tunnel Hill to Jonesborough will serve to indicate to sight-seekers in coming years the severe toil undergone by our troops in their advance into Northern Georgia. For four successive months the troops were fighting either in the trenches or on the march, and during that whole period there was constant musketry firing on the skirmish line. The average number of rounds of musketry ammunition fired by each man in the Army of the Cumberland exceeds 200. This, when it is considered how few men at any one time are engaged during a campaign like the one just ended,

12 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

