
is far below the actual number, as it was freely used in all cases where examination of wounds was to be made, and when painful dressings were to be applied. In no case has any injurious effects resulted from its use. The number of sick received into the division hospitals is reported as 43,153. The number reported as transferred to general hospital is 26,184. The number reported as having died in the division hospitals from wounds and disease is 1,274.

From the fact of the army having been constantly on the move until the occupation of Atlanta and necessity arising therefrom of being compelled to transfer to hospitals at the rear all the seriously wounded, it was impossible to learn the results of operations performed on the field. It was only after the battle of Jonesborough, September 1, 1864, that the operating surgeons had the opportunity of treating the wounded till the results were determined. The wounded in this action were brought from the field to Atlanta some three days after the action, and, with the exception of the men of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, were placed in hospital tents. The wounded of that division were placed in the Atlanta Medical College, which had been used by the rebels as a hospital. The rooms are large and airy and well ventilated. the men at the time of being wounded were in excellent health, with no taint of scurvy perceptible. The weather from the time of the action till now, has been delightful; not warm enough to oppress nor cold enough to render the closing of the tent openings or windows necessary at night. The food furnished the wounded was ample and of the best character, all the necessary delicacies were at the disposal of the surgeons; generous diet and stimulants were sued from the moment the wounded were placed in the wards. The hospitals were kept exceedingly clean. The dressings were performed in almost very case by the surgeons connected with the hospitals, and in the Second Division, of the Fourteenth Corps, exclusively so.

I transmit the report of Surgeon Batwell, Fourteenth Michigan Infantry, in charge of the Second Division, Fourteenth Corps, hospital. The results shown by this report will, I think, bear favorable comparison with any military surgery, and reflect great credit on the medical officers of the division. I send, too, the report of Surgeon Batwell of the result of experiments made with a preparation called "phenol sodique" sent to me to be used in order to test its merits. From my own observations, as well as from what I can learn, it has proved to be an admirable adjuvant in the treatment of flabby wounds and in those implicating the spongy bones.

The medical officers of the Army of the Cumberland have performed their duties in this long and onerous campaign in a manner highly creditable to themselves and beneficial to the sick and wounded soldiery. the experience of three years having taught them the requirements of military surgeons, the work was well and promptly performed. Unfortunately, many of these valuable officers having completed their terms of service are about being mustered out, and their places will be filled by men who have seen little, if any, service in the field.

Accompanying this I transmit the classified returns of wounds and injures, and the reports of the corps directors. The list of wounded will be forwarded as soon as finished.

GEO. E. COOPER,

Surgeon, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

ASST. ADJT. General, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND.

