
and Fourteenth Army Corps about two and a half miles north of Jonesborough, fronting Atlanta; and the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, and Seventeenth Corps in the immediate neighborhood and north of Jonesborough, fronting south. September 2 the Fourth and Fourteenth Army Corps attacked the field fortifications erected by the rebels during the previous night, and after about fifteen minutes' fight took 10 guns and 500 prisoners. In the mean time the Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Seventeenth Corps attacked Jonesborough, driving the enemy out of the place, and at 10 o'clock, September 2, our forces were one mile south of Jonesborough, and four miles north of the same place, in possession of five miles of railroad, which we at once destroyed. Our forces had pressed the enemy toward Rough and Ready, which place was shelled by our troops at noon. This information was given by Lieutenant H. H. Russell, First Veteran Volunteer Engineers, Department of the Cumberland, who left the scene of action on September 2 at noon.

Sir, I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JOHN RZIHA,

Captain, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry.

Brigadier General R. DELAFIELD,

Chief Engineer, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 11.

Report of Major General Oliver O. Howard, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army Corps, of operations May 1-July 27, 1864.
HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,September 18, 1864.

GENERAL: Having been assigned by the President of the United States, I assumed command of the Fourth Army Corps April 10, 1864. One division, Major-General Stanely's, was stationed, two brigades at Blue Springs, and one at Ooltewah; the Second Division, then under command of Brigadier-General Wagner, was at Loudon, and the Third Division, General Wood's, was still in the Department of the Ohio, near Knoxville.

My first duty was to concentrate the corps near Cleveland. This was effected by the 25th of April. About one week's time was given

to refit and prepare for the field. A portion of the command had just completed a trying winter campaign in East Tennessee and was quite badly off in many respects, from shortness of transportation, clothing, and other supplies. The animals, in General Wood's division particularly, were in a wretched condition on account of want of forage and overworking. The officers made extraordinary exertions to get everything in readiness, and when the order was given to march to Catoosa Springs the entire corps was prepared to move with the required number of rations, but it was son found that the limited transportation, taken in connection with its condition, was a source of constant embarrassment. I speak of these things in order to place in a clear light the difficulties that the officers and men of this corps met in the outset of the campaign and nobly overcame for when other portions of the army had full rations they were at times obliged to subsist on a diminished allowance.

The march commenced the 3rd of May, upon the arrival of Major-General Schofield at Cleveland with the left wing of the army. My

