
some two miles above Buzzard Roost Gap, where he pushed up a small force at first, driving the enemy along the crest. He succeeded in taking about one-third of the height from the enemy, and establishing a signal station upon a prominent point. He had attempted to get possession of a rebel station, but owing to the rugged nature of the heights, and the ability of the enemy to defend so narrow a path, he could not reach it. In the mean time Generals Stanely and Wood pushed strong skirmish lines, well supported, as far up the western slope as possible. During the night following. General Newton succeeded in getting two pieces of artillery upon the ridge. The next morning, May 9, he attempted to make farther progress and succeeded in driving the enemy from 50 to 100 yards. General Stanely during the afternoon of the 9th made a reconnaissance into the pass of Buzzard Roost, developing a strong musketry and artillery fire, while General Wood's division continued the same operations as the day before. The casualties in my command resulting from these operations were between 200 and 300 killed and wounded.

In accordance with instructions from General Thomas, the Fourth Corps made preparations to remain near Buzzard Roost Gap for the purpose of holding the enemy at Dalton, if possible, while the rest of the army, excepting Stoneman's cavalry, was moving through Snake Creek Gap to turn the enemy' flank. May 11 the troops of gap, General Newton to hold Rocky Face and the roads leading around the north end of it, with General Stoneman's cavalry covering his left flank, and General Wood in reserve on Tunnel Hill. During the evening of this day and on the morning of the 12th the general movement was progressing and the Fourth Corps found itself alone, confronted by the entire rebel army. From the signal station on Rocky Face the enemy's movements could be distinctly seen. At about 10 a.m. he moved out of a strong force as if to turn my left flank and give battle, but after pressing in the skirmishers the column returned within his works The threat, however was so strong that General Wood's division was moved to the support of General Newton. During the night following the enemy evacuated Dalton. May 13 at 6 a. m. I received the report of the enemy having left, and immediately ordered pursuit. The corps moved at once to Dalton and came upon the enemy's rear guard of cavalry his cavalry pursuing the direct route, McCook's cavalry on a road near the base of Rocky Face, and my corps marching by an intermediate road. We skirmished with the enemy during the day, and we opened communication with the rest of the army before Resaca, happily finding that we were only one mile from General Schofield's left flank.

Instructions were received from Major-General Thomas, at 5.15 on the morning of May 14, to wit:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, May 14, 1864.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will move your troops down the main roads toward Resaca until you from a junction with the rest of the army, when further orders will be given you. Report your approach when you get within sight of the troops in your front.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

