
These instructions were substantially the same as those I had already issued to my command during the night.

The general formation of General Sherman's army at this time was as follows: The Army of the Tennessee, General McPherson on the right, with his right resting on the Oostenaula; center, General Thomas' command, excepting the Fourth Corps; and the left, General Schofield, on the Sugar Valley road. The whole line faced easterly.

In obedience to the above order, General Newton, followed by General Wood, marched to the left of General Schofield, and General Stanley moved down the Tilton and Resaca road toward the enemy's extreme right. On reaching General Schofield we found him pushing his command toward the right and front. General Newton formed on his left. General Wood then changed direction so as to move on a Resaca road intermediate between Stanely and Newton. The three columns were not at first connected, but very adroitly made their concentration in immediate contact with the enemy's line, having skirmished heavily in their respective fronts. By the advance movement the general line was shortened, so that a great part of Newton's division was reserved. Schofield's left carried a line of the enemy's works by assault, and immediately a portion of General left center and holding every advantage gained. Meanwhile a part of General Wood's division came up abreast of Newton's, driving the enemy from his rifle-pits, and secured the position, while general Stanley formed a junction on the extreme left, protecting his left flank by a brigade posted on the left of the Tilton and Resaca road. The movements above described were necessarily slowly executed from the nature of the country, which was exceedingly rough and covered for the most part with thick woods, besides the enemy disputed every inch of progress by his force already in position, meeting our advance with strong skirmish lines. The musketry firing during the day was quite heavy. After our troops had been satisfactorily formed word came from General Stanley that the enemy was making a movement to turn his left flank. I saw General Thomas personally, representing the exact condition of things to him.?He directed Major-General Hooker to send a division to my extreme left. This was promptly done. The division was guided by Colonel Morgan, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Troops, temporarily attached to my staff, by the most direct route. This division (General Williams') arrived just in time. Stanely's left had been turned, and was being forced back. All of his reserves had been previously exhausted in extending his line. A battery (Simonson's), however, was doing splendid execution, staying the enemy's progress, when a brigade of Williams' was deployed in its support.

The advance of the enemy was then immediately and effectually checked, and my thanks are tendered for the generous and opportune assistance rendered. The casualties of the day were 400 killed and wounded in the corps. During the night good intrenchments were made along my entire front.

General Hooker and myself were ordered to make an attack in conjunction on the 15th, everything to be in readiness by daylight. General Hooker was obliged to march about two-thirds of his command from the center of the army to the extreme left, which movement took longer than was anticipated. His troops were massed and

