
commenced the advance about noon. As he was the ranking officer I visited him early, learning his intentions as to the points and manner of attack, and prepared to support him in the way he asked. By artillery and musketry firing, by strong demonstrations opposite my center and right, and by one real assault, I succeeded in keeping heavy forces of the enemy from leaving my front or passing to the left, but did not succeed in holding any point of the enemy's works My command being on the right and the pivot, necessarily conformed in moving to General Hooker's advance. He, with a column of brigades, very handsomely drove the enemy before him, seized and held two important heights, and also captured some artillery and prisoners. The number of casualties during this day was large, among them Brigadier-General Willich, of General Wood's division, was severely wounded and obliged to leave us. Harker and Opdycke, of Newton's division, were wounded but remained on duty, and some valuable officers were killed. During the night of the 15th the enemy evacuated Resaca.

Early on the 16th my corps led the pursuit along the direct road toward Kingston. Skirmishing occurred with the enemy's rear guard so as to make our progress slow. The corps camped that night at Calhoun.

My command, General Newton leading, continued the march next day, staring at 5.30 a. m., along the wagon road, except Wood's division, which moved on the right down the right. We had heavy skirmishing all day. The enemy's custom is, when retreating, to form his rear guard of cavalry with a section or battery of artillery, sometimes strengthened by infantry. During this day's march the resistance was unusually great. He formed three lines, some half or three-quarters of a mile apart, and barricaded with rails, seeking the cover of woods with open field in his front. as soon as we had succeeded in driving the first line it passed to the rear of the third, and in some new and favorable position made another line. However, as we moved in two columns, we were able to make considerable progress. The resistance increased as we approached Adairsville. General Newton continued to deploy regiments as skirmishers till he had a large brigade engaged. General Wood, abreast of him, also skirmished heavily. About 4 p. m. it was found that we had come upon the enemy's infantry in considerable force. Preparations were immediately made to assault and carry this position if possible, but it required time to bring up the troops and get then in readiness. General Thomas deeming it best, on account of the nearness of night, to make no formal attack,the movement already set on foot was postponed. Y et a real engagement was going on, since both parties continued to re-enforce the skirmish lines until they were tantamount to lines of battle. The enemy opened upon our column with artillery, to which our batteries replied with spirit. During the night the enemy withdrew. We found that he had taken up a strong position and had partially intrenched it, and that his whole army was present while the heavy skirmishing of the evening before was progressing. The casualties in my command at Adairsville were about 200 killed and wounded.

May 18, the corps moved as ordered six miles farther and encamped on Comasaua [Connasene?] Creek.

May 19, at 5 a. m., marched, General Stanely's division leading; reached Kingston at 8 a. m. The head of column turned toward

