
man had designated. On a careful reconnaissance made by General thomas and myself it was ascertained that the enemy were then prepared to bring a cross-fire of artillery and musketry upon the approaches to that position. Therefore I was directed to move General Wood farther to the left and beyond all troops and endeavor to strike the enemy's flank. Johnston's division of the Fourteenth Corps was sent to me as a support. I have omitted to say that the Twenty-third Corps, Major-General Schofield commanding, was already in position on the left of the Fourth. Therefore I selected a field on the extreme left and rear of the Twenty-third Corps, which was pretty well concealed from the enemy by intervening woods, and in this massed the troops, Wood's division on the right, formed in a column of six lines deep, and General Johnson's on the left, with a brigade front.

The advance from this position commenced at 11 a. m. and in an easterly direction. The columns moved forward with very little interruption for nearly a mile. I thought we must have reached the enemy's flank, whereupon General Wood wheeled his command toward the right till he was faced nearly south. A brigade of the Twenty-third Corps, General McLeans', deployed so as to form a junction with General Wood on his right. The latter pressed forward his skirmishers till a large open field was reached. Here it was discovered that the enemy's works were still in our front. Immediately the skirmishers were withdrawn and the column moved rapidly by the left flank at least another mile to the eastward. The ground was carefully reconnoitered by General Wood and myself. We still found a line of works to our right, but they did not seem to cover General Wood's front, and they were new, the enemy still working hard upon them. I gave a little time for the troops of Wood's division to rest, and for Johnston's to form a little retired on his (Wood's) left. From the position now occupied by the troops woods more or less open extended up to the enemy's apparent flank. A road skirted the woods opposite our right, running perpendicular to the enemy's lines. Another road ran obliquely toward the left and in rear of Johnson's position. McLean's brigade was sent to a place in full view of the enemy's works, a little to the right of the point of attack, with a view to attract the enemy's attention and draw his fire. As soon as everything was in readiness, at about 5 p. m., General Wood commenced his advance, Hazen's brigade leading. The entire column marched briskly forward, driving in the enemy's skirmishers and vigorously assaulting his main line. Complaint came immediately that the supporting column under General Johnson was not far enough advanced. General Johnson was directed to push forward a brigade to Hazen's left. He answered that he was doing so, and that it would soon be in position. General Wood became very heavily engaged, so as to necessitate moving forward his supporting lines, and he found strong works in his front, except, perhaps, opposite his two left regiments. Colonel Scribner, who commanded General Johnston's advance brigade, finding his own left fired into from across Pickett's Mills creek, halted and threw some troops across it for his own protection. This delay occurring at precisely the same time with Wood's assault was unfortunate, for it enabled the enemy with his reserves to force back the left of General Wood's line and bring an enfilading and reverse fire upon his troops. Again by some mistake of orders, McLeans's troops

