
June 6, marched toward Acworth, crossing Allatoona Creek, and massed the command near Dr. Peters' house, on the Acworth and Sandtown road, about two miles from Acworth, which was already in possession of our troops.

June 7, 8, and 9, all that was done by the entire army was establishing the depots at Allatoona, rebuilding the bridge across the Etowah, and bringing up supplies.

June 10, movements were resumed. The Fourth Corps was directed to follow the Fourteenth along the direct Marietta road. The Fourteenth Corps having passed to the left this road was open to my command. I pushed forward General Stanely's division in the advance until within view of Pine Top, which is an isolated hill just to the south of the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road. Here we encountered the enemy's skirmishers. Pressing them back we discovered that Pine Top was occupied by the enemy in force. At this point the command was halted to wait for the appearance of the Fourteenth Corps, which was to have the front in the order of march for the day. When it appeared General Palmer formed his line facing southward toward Pine Top. The two corps forme din conjunction and pushed up to within cannon range of the enemy's line. During the night batteries were put in position and good works were constructed.

June 11, General Palmer's corps gained a little ground to his left and front. The interval left was filled by my command.

June 12 and 13, heavy rains occurred and no change took place.

June 14, my lines were extended about 300 paces, and advanced some three-quarters of a mile on the left toward the east of Pine Top and in conjunction with the Fourteenth Corps. During the last three days much artillery firing occurred. We opened all of our batteries whenever the enemy showed any force. During the night of the 14th the enemy abandoned his advanced lines at Pine Top and withdrew within his works, already prepared, running from Kenesaw to Lost Mountain.

My troops occupied Pine Top as early as 3 a. m. June 15. At 11 a. m. I received an order from Major-General Thomas to form a column of attack and to move southward to the left of Pine Top promptly at 2 p. m. Newton's division was selected to take the lead, followed by the divisions of Generals Stanley and Wood. General Newton was required to move forward briskly, with a strong skirmish line, and develop, if possible, a practicable point for attack, choosing his own formation. It took General Newton until 3 p. m. to get his column organized, when he pushed forward a strong line of skirmishers, which in a few moments encountered an intrenched skirmish line of the enemy. This line was carried with very little delay, whereupon General Newton moved up his main lines to the position gained. The skirmish line was advanced still farther, but encountered so heavy a musketry fire that it was deemed prudent to deploy a portion of the advanced line. I moved up General Stanely to cover General Newton's right flank. In the meanwhile General Newton had driven the enemy's skirmishers within his main works and reported them so thoroughly constructed and so well manned that I deemed it improper to risk and assault without a further reconnaissance, besides, the day was already nearly spent. General Thomas approved of my action and directed me to fortify where I then was.

