
he drove the enemy with his infantry and artillery. General Newton came up and did the same on his left. The command then took position on the western bank of this creek. The enemy's position was in plain sight and within musketry range. His lines seemed to extend along the crest of Little Kenesaw and the southern spur, refusing to his left after reaching the base of it. This line was apparently unassailable, being as strong as possible by nature, and having plenty of felled trees in its front. General Hooker, who had moved in a parallel column, had crossed Noyes' Creek farther south, and moved northward, until his left division was near my right flank.

The next morning, June 20, General Hooker's left division (Williams') was relieved by General Wood's division and one brigade of General Stanely's division. During the forenoon Stanely crossed the creek in his front and constructed a line of works. During the afternoon he carried a wooded hill in front of Whitaker's brigade, also another called Bald Knob in front of his right brigade (Colonel Kirby's). Whitaker rapidly barricaded his new front. He had hardly got his works constructed when they were fiercely assaulted by the enemy, who was repulsed with heavy loss. The attempt was renewed several times, but with no better success. On Kirby's front, however, it was attempted to hold the knob by skirmishers, while the pioneers intrenched. These skirmishers with the pioneers were forced back by the assault on Whitaker's brigade, which extended to them, and this position was lost for the day.

June 21, General Newton's division, having been relieved by General Palmer, was moved to the right of General Wood's, relieving a part of General Hooker's troops. At 11.30 a. m. I ordered that Colonel Kirby and colonel Nodine, commanding General Wood's left brigade, move in conjunction, and seize and hold the Bald Knob that Kirby had lost the evening before. The enemy had then intrenched it pretty strongly, and it was under the hottest kind of a fire from his guns. I directed a concentrated artillery fire of a half hour's duration upon this point, and ordered the advance,which was promptly made. The enemy was driven off, a number of prisoners were taken, the knob was secured, and the crest was intrenched while the enemy was firing upon it from two batteries of artillery. General Wood pushed two of his regiment still farther to the front and right, and took possession of a height, which made the enemy abandon a long intrenched skirmish line, and enabled us to move forward our right across an open field, 400 or 500 yards.

June 22, General Hooker advanced his corps in an easterly direction on my right, and my right division was wheeled up in connection with the movement, occasioning heavy skirmishing in its front. About 5 p. m. the enemy made an assault on General Hooker's right division (General Williams'), and I was soon requested to relieve his left division. (General Butterfield's) for a re-enforcements with my troops. I sent every regiment that I had out of line at once. General Thomas had already directed that General Stanely's should be relieved by General King's, but this could not be effected till after dark, owing to King's close proximity to the enemy. As soon as relieved, during the night, Stanley pushed his entire command to my right.

June 23, in accordance with request of General Thomas, I tried an intrenched height in front of Generals Newton's and Stanely's

