
July 3, the corps marched from camp in pursuit of the enemy at 5 a. m., Stanley's division leading. After passing through Marietta the corps followed a route to the left of the railroad and came upon the enemy's skirmishers near Neal Dow Station, between three and four miles south of Marietta. Stanleys' division was deployed confronting the enemy, the right resting on the railroad, and the other two divisions were massed in reserve. A little south of this point, at a place known as Smyrna Camp-Ground, the enemy had constructed another good system of works, behind a wide, open filed, almost covering his entire front. Having come upon the enemy's intrenched skirmish line, and it being late in the day when the troops had arrived, no farther advance was ordered.

July 4, General Newton's and General Wood's divisions were moved up into line, on the left of General Stanely's. At 9 a. m. General Stanely was ordered to strengthen his skirmish line and assault and carry the skirmish line of the enemy, which was unusually strong. It has intrenched pits, with from ten to twenty men in each, and these in many places were not more than twenty yards apart. Generals Newton and Wood were ordered to move their skirmish lines in conjunction with General Stanley's. The movement commenced at about 11 a.m . The lines were handsomely carried in Stanely's front under a trying artillery fire in addition to the musketry fire from the rifle-pits. Immediately General Stanely moved up his main line and intrenched the position gained. This was with short musketry range of the enemy's continuous works. General Newton took a part of the same line, as also did General Wood at a later hour. During the night the enemy again retreated.

July 5, pursuit was continued by my corps along the railroad, General Wood leading. Very little skirmishing until the head it front covered by rail barricades along a ridge at right angles to the above named road, and one-quarter of a mile from the station. He quickly drove the enemy from his barricades and pushed on to the river, where he arrival in time to save a greater part of the enemy's bridge. The dismounted cavalry seemed to have retreated by a river road, that we did no then know, toward the railroad bridge, and therefore escaped capture. This accomplished, the command went into camp on the high ground near to and facing the river.

July 6, 7, and 8, remained in position, making an occasional demonstration and feint as if to throw a bridge, with a view to keep as large a force of the enemy on the opposite bank as possible.

July 9, in accordance with instructions from department headquarters, General Newton's division was sent to Roswell Factory to support General Garrard's cavalry in effecting a crossing of the Chattahoochee at that point. He crossed and made a bridge-head.

July 10, Stanely's and Wood's divisions moved to near the mouth of Soap Creek, in support of General Schofield, who had crossed the river at that point.

July 11, at 5 p. m. received orders to secure the heights opposite Power's Ferry, on the south side of the Chattahoochee, to protect the laying of a bridge at that point. Stanley's division fulfilled these instructions the next morning at daylight, passing the river at Schofield's bridge.

