
July 12, at 3 a. m. received the order from General Thomas to move my entire corps to the south side of the river, crossing a pontoon bridge at Powers' Ferry that Colonel Buell was directed to lay. Wood's division moved over as soon as the bridge was completed, while General Newton's division returned from Roswell Factory and crossed the next morning. The two letter divisions formed a strong line on Stanley's left and front.

July 13, 14, 15, and 16, my command remained in position.

July 17, General Wood's division moved down the south side of the river three miles, to clear the way for laying a bridge at Pace's Ferry and cover the crossing of the Fourteenth Corps. As soon as this was accomplished the division returned. Owing to the rugged nature of the country, the want of roads, and the proximity of the enemy's masses to Pace's Ferry, Wood's movement was an important and delicate one. It was satisfactorily executed, and without an engagement.

July 18, an intimation was given by signal dispatch, about midnight, that orders would be received to march at daylight. Upon this dispatch the corps was directed to move. The order of instructions was not received till 5 a.m., just as the corps was moving. As far as concerned this command, it was to march directly on Buck Head and go into position on the left of the place, along the Turner's Ferry and Buck Head road. Newton's head of column left camp at 4.30 a. m. Very little opposition was encountered till near Nancy's Creek, on the opposite side of which the enemy's cavalry was disposed, supporting a section of artillery. The bridge across the creek was partially burned. The enemy opened his artillery on Newton's advance. Batteries, however, were placed in position and fired, driving off the enemy's guns. After some little delay the creek was crossed, the enemy driven away, and the bridge rebuilt. The column progressed, skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry; reached Buck Head about noon and took up the position above indicated.

July 19, in accordance with instructions from General Thomas, General Wood's division made a reconnaissance down the Buck Head and Atlanta road, reaching Peach Tree Creek at 6.30 a.m. The enemy's outposts, driven in by General Wood, burned the bridge after crossing. Having accompanied this reconnaissance, I discovered a well-constructed bridge-head on the high ground beyond the creek. The enemy had artillery and infantry, and was in considerable force. Stanley meanwhile reconnoitered on the Decatur road. Driving the enemy's skirmishers, he seized the bridge, just burning, across the north fork of Peach Tree Creek and saved the most of it. Newton pushed a reconnaissance on an intermediate road to Peach Tree Creek, but found the bridge already destroyed and the enemy intrenched in force on the opposite bank. All of these facts were immediately reported to General Thomas. At 11.20 a. m. instructions were received from General Thomas to cross Peach Tree Creek, whereupon General Wood was required to effect a crossing near his position. He succeeded in crossing the creek beyond the enemy's left flank, turned his position, forced him from the bridge- head, and moved over two brigades of his division to hold the points gained. He immediately commenced to rebuild the bridge. Stanley also, on the Decatur road, repaired the old bridge and constructed a new one. Newton's division was moved to Peach Tree Creek in

