
made on Newton's left and rear. This time Major-General Thomas had sent him an additional battery from the Twentieth Corps, which, in conjunction with the guns already in position and another 4-gun battery belonging to Newton, opened fire upon the enemy's columns. He was then easily repulsed, after the first attack. Several subsequent assaults were made upon Newton's lines, the action lasting till after dark. The brigade commanders, Brigadier-General Kimball, Colonels Bradley and Blake, are highly complimented for gallantry; also other officers, in General Newton's report. The position held was vital, securing, as it did, the Buck Head and Atlanta road, and constituting the left of our right wing, while the army was divided. The loss of the division was small compared with that of the Twentieth Corps engaged on its immediate right. This resulted from the peculiar disposition of the troops, and that they had time to cover their front with slight barricades. The enemy's loss in killed and wounded in front of this division amounted to upward of 1,500, while the casualties of the division itself were about 100. General Newton's division held possession of the field, and buried the enemy's dead. In the night the enemy withdrew from the angle between Newton's left and the north fork of Peach Tree Creek, enabling General Wood in the morning to swing up a mile and a half upon his extreme right.

July 21, Generals Stanley and Wood again pressed up close to the enemy's new lines and skirmished sharply with him during the entire day. Batteries were placed in position and fired continuously at every point where they could produce any effect. During the night the enemy evacuated his works and moved into Atlanta.

July 22, at daylight General Stanley and General Wood moved on different roads toward Atlanta. Stanley came upon the enemy's skirmishers about two miles from the city, and immediately deployed his lines. General Wood formed upon his right, pushing well to the front and taking possession of an important ridge. General Newton moved up on the Buck Head road and formed a junction with Wood's division. In this general position my lines were established and fortified, and the batteries of the corps, for the most part, placed in such a position as to bring a fire upon the enemy's works or the city beyond. During the day a terrific battle occurred between the enemy and the Army of the Tennessee on the extreme left. Meanwhile, in accordance with instructions received, I held my command in momentary readiness to move.

July 23, 24,25, and 26, my corps remained substantially in the same position, having completed a system of works strong enough to be held by a thin single line.

July 27, in obedience to orders from Major-General Sherman, I took leave of the Fourth Army Corps and assumed command of the Army of the Tennessee.

In conclusion I wish to say that it pains me not to be able to give a substantial reward to officers who have so faithfully, so energetically, and unselfishly co-operated with me during our prolonged and arduous campaign. I leave the gallant officers and soldiers in the hands of division, brigade, and regimental commanders for honorable mention, wishing it understood that I am the earnest fried of every one who is true and patriotic.

Major-General Stanley, Brigadier-General Newton, and Brigadier-General Wood, commanding divisions, have served the country for

