
the position-Newton's division forming the right of the line, Wood's the center, and Kimball's the left. General Howard, commanding the Army of the Tennessee, notified me that he would advance in concert with the Fourth Corps, and that he would notify me when ready to advance. This he did at 3.30 o'clock in the afternoon. The troops of this corps were immediately put in motion. In an examination of the enemy's position upon the railroad with General Newton I had agreed with him that an assault at that point would not be advisable, as the artillery of the enemy had too full a sweep of the ground we must pass over. I was under the impression that if the Army of the Tennessee attracted the attention of the enemy I should be able to reach the rebel right flank. Generals Wood and Kimball met very bad ground in their advance. The country about the head of Indian Creek over which they passed is very broken and intersected by difficult little streams and marshes. Owing to these difficulties, it was nearly 6 o'clock before Kimball's and Wood's divisions arrived at the enemy's position. Their skirmishers were soon driven in, and General Wood was engaged selecting a point of attack, when he was severely wounded and disabled from attending to the management of his advance. Colonel Knefler's brigade, the left one of Wood's division, charged and carried the enemy's work, but were unable to maintain themselves, owing to a sweeping enfilading fire coming from both flanks. General Kimball pushed his brigade well forward, but was struck in flank by a sweeping artillery fire, and finding that he would have to cross the open field to gain the enemy's work, which they were laboring might and main to complete, the assault was countermanded; indeed, the enemy had concentrated force enough to hold nearly as long a line as ourselves, and from our observations Kimball's left brigade was about opposite the rebel flank. As night had fallen at this time, the troops were ordered to intrench and remain in the position gained. The Twenty-third Corps came in sight behind our right flank during the engagement, but gave no support to our movement. The loss in Knefler's brigade was quite severe, including the dangerously wounding of Colonel Manderson, Nineteenth Ohio, and Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey, Ninth Kentucky, and the killing of Captain Miller, assistant adjutant-general of the brigade. We remained in our position confronting the enemy until the night of the 5th, when the troops were withdrawn, falling back to Jonesborough. Remained in bivouac at Jonesborough the 6th.

On the 7th fell back to the vicinity of Rough and Ready, and on the 8th marched to our present camp east of Atlanta.

In concluding this report I take pleasure in recommending to the favorable consideration of the commander of the department the division commanders of this corps, Generals Newton, Wood, and Kimball; quick and ready to comprehend, they were always zealous and careful to carry out promptly all my directions. I believe they all most honestly deserve promotion. General Wood especially, whose experience is part of the history of this army since its first organization, and who has taken part in all the battles of this army, has peculiar and strong claims for promotion. To my staff I take this occasion to pay a compliment for their industry and efficiency. Colonel J. S. Fullerton, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Major W. H. Sinclair, assistant adjutant-general; surgeon Heard, medical director. Major Francis Mohrhardt, topographical engineer, has prepared for the engineer department a very complete set of maps of the marches and positions of the corps.

