
season at the early part of the campaign, were obstacles which called into play all the energies of the medical officers of the corps, and of the officers of the ambulance corps. Too much praise cannot be given these officers for their untiring zeal and hearty co-operation. The ambulance corps was not organized until after the campaign had commenced, consequently many and serious obstacles had to be overcome; but notwithstanding the many unavoidable drawbacks this corps proved efficient, and at the present time promises still greater efficiency. Early in July fort-nine new ambulances were drawn, by order of the medical director of the department, which filled a deficiency which had existed from the commencement of the campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. THEO. HEARD,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, Medical Director.

Surg. GEORGE E. COOPER, U. S. Army,

Medical Director, Department of the Cumberland.

Numbers 14.

Report of Major General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations May 3-July 26.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, 1864.

I have the honor to state that at 12 m. on the 3rd day of May the First Division, under my command, marched from its camp at Blue Springs, under orders to move to Catoosa Springs. The division took the main road to Dalton, and encamped the same night one mile south of Red Clay.

Marching early the next morning, we reached Catoosa Springs at noon, near Dr. Lea's house. General McCook's cavalry, which was in advance of the infantry, exchanged shots with the rebel pickets, who ran away in the direction of Tunnel Hill. We remained in camp the 5th and 6th, and on the morning of the 7th marched for Tunnel Hill, this division leading. After passing Dr. Lee's house the main road leading down the base of Rocky Face was taken. Skirmishers were deployed, and the enemy's skirmishers were soon encountered. We found the road obstructed by fallen tress, but all difficulties were soon overcome, and we soon found ourselves in sight of the enemy's intrenchments upon Tunnel Hill. As the force of the enemy was entirely uncertain, Brigadier-General Cruft, with the First Brigade, was directed to attack the line in front, and Brigadier General W. C. Whitaker, with the Second Brigade, was sent to move down the ridge near Rocky Face and attack in flank. This movement at once dislodged the rebels, who seemed to have only cavalry and artillery. Captain Simonson, chief of artillery, who promptly brought forward a section of rifled guns of the Fifth Indiana Battery, had a few fine shots at the retiring cavalry, and hurried their pace. the division was formed in line of battle facing east, having before us Rocky Face, the summit of which we could observe occupied by the enemy in quite strong force. In getting possession of Tunnel Hill the division lost 4 men wounded.

