
Early on the morning of the 8th the division advanced in line of battle to within 400 or 500 yards of Rocky Face. The enemy still held some round hills intrenched at the entrance of Buzzard Roost Gap, from which they annoyed the division by a flank fire. In the afternoon General Davis formed a force to charge these hills, and Captain Simonson turning his batteries upon them they very easily fell into our hands. The skirmishers of that division advanced with those of General Davis' division, driving the rebels into their intrenchments and developing the full strength of the position before us. Early the next morning our skirmishers pushed up to the foot of the palisades under cover of the brushwood, and maintained a constant fire with the enemy all day. In the evening I received orders to press the enemy strongly in the gorge of Buzzard Roost. This duty was assigned Colonel Champion with his own regiment (the Ninety-sixth Illinois) and Eighty-fourth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Neff. Our men drove the rebels quickly to their main lines, and pushed up to the foot of the perpendicular rocks of the mountain and maintained themselves until night, when all but the pickets were withdrawn. The fire of the enemy was severe, much of it coming almost from overhead. Our loss in this affair was 50 or 60 men killed and wounded. Major Boyd, Eighty-fourth Indiana, a brave and devoted officer, here received a mortal wound. During the 10th we occupied our position, slight skirmishing going on. The enemy varied the performance by throwing shells into the valley we occupied from some howitzers they had dragged to the top of the ridge. On the morning of the 11th we made arrangements to relieve General Davis' division in the occupancy of the hills commanding the entrance to Buzzard Roost Gap. It being reported that the enemy was leaving, a reconnaissance was ordered toward evening. This was made by the First Brigade, Brigadier-General Cruft commanding. The Thirty-first Indiana and One hundred and first Ohio were deployed as skirmishers, and pushing boldly forward drove the enemy from his first line (an intrenched picket-line), but were met by a heavy fire of musketry and artillery. Our men maintained their position until dark, and during the night, having relieved General Davis' troops, we threw up works facing those of the enemy, and about 600 yards from them. This reconnaissance cost us, as upon the 9th, about 50 men killed and wounded. During the 12th we watched the enemy closely, the Fourth being the only corps before Dalton. Early on the morning of the 13th we learned the rebels had left their works.

FROM THE EVACUATION BY THE ENEMY OF DALTON TO THE EVACUATION OF RESACA.

As soon as the evacuation of his works by the enemy was known, we started in pursuit. Passing through Dalton we moved down the Sugar Valley road. The enemy left but little behind him but his well-built earth-works. A few cavalry opposed our progress. We camped at night about nine miles south of Dalton, campaign in line of battle, facing toward Tilton, our backs to Rocky Face. On the morning of the 14th the division marched toward Tilton, to ascertain if any of the enemy remained in that direction. Upon reaching the main Dalton and Resaca road I received orders to move south toward Resaca, this division being the only one on that road and forming the left flank of the army. The division advanced to within

