
Oostenaula and pushed on the same evening, camping near Calhoun. On the 17th marched in rear of Newton's division and formed line on his left at 5 p. m., three miles north of Adairsville, where the enemy had made a stand. This division was not engaged. On the 18th passed through Adairsville, getting considerably entangled with the Army of the Tennessee; camped at Cox's house. Early on the morning of the 19th the division took up the line of march for Kington. The cavalry pickets of the enemy were soon encountered and driven before us through Kington. We found them posted in considerable force upon the hills east of Kingston beyond the crossing of the creek. Cruft's and Whitaker's brigades were formed in line facing the enemy, and Colonel Grose was instructed to feel his way down to the left of the railroad and drive him from his position. This was discovered, formed in three lines of battle perpendicular to the road, and very soon after the appearance of the head of the column the entire rebel line advanced toward us. The division was deployed as hastily as possible; batteries were put in position, and other troops were coming up to form upon the flanks of the division, when the enemy was seen to be withdrawing. Some volleys from the rifled batteries caused them to move off in a good deal of confusion, and the whole division advanced in the line to the rebel position. Finding the enemy had left, the division advance on in accordance with orders, with a view of reaching Cassville. When within about a mile of that place and while changing the direction of the skirmishers, the head of the column received a sudden volley from the enemy across an open field. The division was again deployed, and as night had arrived, the men were instructed to fortify their position. Very sharp skirmishing was kept up the early part of the night, and early in the morning we found the enemy had again abandoned his works and retired across the Etowah.

FROM THE CROSSING OF THE ETOWAH TO THE CROSSING OF THE CHATTAHOOCHEE.

From the evening the evening for the 19th to the morning of the 23rd we remained in camp at Cassville preparing for our movement upon Dallas and thence Marietta. The order was to take twenty days' rations, but this division was only enabled, from limited transportation, to carry seventeen days'. The division crossed the Etowah the evening of the 23rd and camped near Euharlee. Made a tedious day's march on the 24th, reaching camp two miles from Burnt Hickory at 10 o'clock at night in a rain-storm. On the 25th we marched for Dallas, keeping the roads to the right of the main road. At 3 p. m. were ordered to close up rapidly, as General Hooker had found the enemy in force. We crossed the Pumpkin Vice near sunset, and at night closed up to Hooker's left. On the 26th Colonel Grose's bridge went into line on the left of Geary's division. We also put in a battery to play upon the enemy's lines. Early on the 27th moved the division to the left to relieve Wood's division, which moved off to the left to attempt to turn the enemy's right. The position of the division here remained substantially the same until the night of the 4th of June, during which the enemy evacuated his line.

