
front and took it, with a number of prisoners. General Whitaker's main line was ordered to be established on the picket-line captured from the enemy. the pioneers had only time to throw up a few rails when the enemy advanced in strong force to repossess their line. Our men at once stood to arms and after a sharp contest repulsed them. At sundown the enemy repeated his attempt and was again severely repulsed. Not satisfied, about 8 o'clock at night, they made another determined attack, carrying a part of our line occupied by the Thirty-fifth Indiana.

To good behavior of the Ninety-ninth Ohio, which coolly formed a flank and poured afire into the rebel force which had broken our line, saved the brigade. The Federal Ohio was brought up and charged the rebel force which was a very severe fight, reflects great credit upon Whitaker's brigade. The men fought with great coolness and resolution. The loss in the brigade was quite severe-5 field offices were killed, wounded, and missing, and the loss in the affair amounted to 250 men. Colonel Kirby's bridge carried the bald hill in his front, but the enemy rallied and drove him back. This occurred three times, when,night having arrived, I directed the contest to stop. On the morning of the 21st Colonel Kirby was ordered to retake the hill for which he contended the day before. As General Wood's division moved forward at the same time, this was soon accomplished with slight loss. During the 22nd the division remained in position excepting five regiments of Colonel Grose's brigade, which marched to the right to relieve part of Butterfield's division. At night General King's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, relieved us, and we in turn relieved Butterfield's division by daylight in the morning. We occupied the day strengthening our position, and about 5 p. m. formed a strong picket-line and charged that of the enemy, capturing about 40 of them. Shortly afterward the enemy made a counter-charge, and outflanking the skirmishers of Whitaker's brigade,forced them back. Our loss in the affair was about 60 men. During the 24th, 25th, and 26th our lines were a little advanced and improved. Our position was in easy musket-range of the enemy. On the morning of the 27th, it having been determined to attack the enemy from the front of the First Division, this division was selected as the support of the assaulting columns of the Second Division, which was selected to lead in the assault. Whitaker's and Kirby's brigades were formed in columns of regiments, Grose's brigade to hold the line of breast-works was deployed. From the failure of the assault the troops of this division were not engaged, Kirby's brigade only passing out of the works, and yet so severe was the fire of the enemy that the division lost over 100 men killed and wounded while waiting the movement of the Second Division. Captain McDowell, Company B, Independent Pennsylvania Battery, my second chef of artillery, a most excellent and accomplished young officer, was killed while superintending his batteries just before the assault.

From this date until the night of the 2nd of July we merely maintained our lines, very little firing, even between pickets, occurring. On the night of the 2nd of July the lines of the First Division were extended, relieving all of General Newton's division. Early the morning of the 3d, finding the enemy gone, the division followed their trail, leading through Marietta and taking the road east of the railroad leading to Pace's Ferry. This division was in the lead and had some little skirmishing, and in the evening came again upon the

