
enemy intrenched at Ruff's Station. Grose's brigade alone was deployed, and severe skirmishing was kept up during the evening. About 11 o'clock on the 4th, the general commanding the division having expressed a doubt of there being an enemy in force in front of us, orders were given to feel the position strongly. To this end a strong skirmish line, well supported, was deployed, and advanced at charge step over the open corn-field against the enemy's rifle-pits, which were plainly visible and very strong. Colonel Grose's skirmishers having the least distance to move to strike the enemy, at once came under a most galling fire. The day being very hot the men dropped down to gain breath, after making half the distance; but as soon as a little rested they were rallied by the brave Captain Hale, Severely-fifth Illinois Infantry, commanding the skirmish lien, and dashing forward broke the rebel line and at once occupied their pits. The main lines of the division were moved up at once and established themselves on the late rebel line and at once occupied their pits. The main lines of the division were moved up at once and established themselves on the late rebel picket-line under the severest and most continue cannonade the rebels had ever used upon us. I regret to add that the gallant Captain Hale, who was the life of this gallant charge, was killed during the afternoon. The rebel skirmish line which was dislodge was almost a full line of battle, and the charge upon the over open ground was very creditable to the troops engaged, who were details from most of the regiments of the division. Our loss in this affair was 100 men killed and wounded. We took 50 of the enemy prisoners. This same night the enemy abandoned his line and withdrew to the river, and on the 5th the division followed in rear of the corps on the railroad and took position on the Chattahoochee, above Pace's Ferry. From the 5th until the 10th we remained resting in camp, occasionally shelling the rebels across the rive and picketing the river and islands. On the 10th the division moved up to Soap Creek, and bivouacked near the pontoon bridges, thrown across by General Schofield.

FROM THE CROSSING OF THE CHATTAHOOCHEE TO THE SIEGE OF ATLANTA.

On the morning of the 12th the division crossed on the pontoon bridge laid for the Army of the Ohio, and moving down the river, occupied and fortified a prominent ridge covering Power's Ferry. The reset of the corps having crossed and take up position, the 14th, 15th and 16th were occupied in building a bridge over the Chattahoochee. This was well done by Major Watson, Seventy-fifth Illinois, with the prisoners and Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry. On the morning of the 18th we marched for Atlanta, following Newton's division and marching by way of Buck Head. We encamped at Buck Head that night, and next morning sent a regiment on a reconnaissance to Peach Tree Creek. Finding but little resistance the division was crossed over the north fork of Peach Tree, on bridge rebuilt by us, and encamped in line facing Atlanta. Early on the morning of the 20th we marched on the Decatur road to the match factory, where, turning to the right, we crossed the south fork of Peach Tree. Rebuilding the bridge burnt by the enemy, and driving his skirmishers back, we forced him from his intrenched skirmishers back, we forced him from his intrenched skirmish line and back to his main line, near Wright's house. The enemy made an effort in the afternoon to retake his picket-line but was badly repulsed and late in the evening Colonel Suman, Ninth Indiana, of Grose's brigade, charged their picket-line, farther to our right, and took 43 prisoners without losing a man.

15 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

