
My command remained in this position, skirmishing continually with both musketry and artillery, until the 5th of September, when the command was withdrawn and my division bivouacked in their old position near Jonesborough, and remained until the morning of the 7th, when the march was taken up for Atlanta, which place was reached at noon the 8th, without any incident worthy of notice. My division was put in position on the easterly side of the Augusta railroad, where it is now encamped.

The loss of the division since August 4, the date of my assuming command, is 30 killed, 241 wounded, 18 missing. Total, 289.

I respectfully refer you to the reports of my subordinate officers for special mention of those entitled to favorable consideration for their conduct as soldiers during the long and arduous campaign in which the division has been engaged. But I desire to speak particularly of Brigadier General William Grose, commanding Third Brigade, and also of Colonel I. M. Kirby, commanding the First Brigade, and Colonel Jacob E. Taylor, commanding the Second Brigade, who have distinguished themselves for their gallantry, bravery, and skill in their positions as brigade commanders, and are eminently worthy of promotion.

To all the members of my staff I am indebted for their promptness in conveying my orders, and their faithfulness in the execution of them, and I have particularly to speak of the gallant and soldierly conduct of Major W. H. Fairbanks, Thirty-first Indiana Infantry, and acting assistant inspector-general of the division, as exhibited upon every occasion demanding the exercise of those qualities.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major WILLIAM H. SINCLAIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps.

Report of Colonel Isaac M. Kirby, One hundred and first Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS, Near Atlanta, Ga., September 11, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade during the campaign commencing May 3 and ending September 8 in the occupation of Atlanta:

From May 3 to June 10 Brigadier-General Cruft commanded the brigade, and for a report during that time I am restricted to information gained from regimental reports and from my assistant adjutant-general. On the 3rd day of May this brigade, composed for the Thirty-first Ohio Infantry, and detachments of the non-veterans of the Twenty-first and Thirty-eighth Illinois, attacked to the One hundred and first Ohio, broke up camp at Ooltewah, Tenn., and, under command of Brigadier-General Cruft, marched out the road leading to Tunnel Hill, via Catoosa Springs; camped on the high ridge half a mile south of Catoosa Springs on the evening of the 4th. On the morning of the 7th the brigade, in advance of the division, moved

