
directly on Tunnel Hill. The One hundred and first Ohio and two companies of the Eighty-first Indiana, deployed as skirmishers, soon met the enemy's skirmishers and drove them steadily back till our line swung around on the base of Tunnel Hill; while lying in that position General Whitaker's brigade moved down on the crest of the ridge and occupied the enemy's works on the hill. That night the brigade encamped on the hill. May 8, moved forward to the railroad and lay in line of battle. May 9, brigade moved forward a short distance; skirmishers briskly engaged during the day. May 10, occupied same position. May 11, this p. m. brigade ordered on a reconnaissance in the gorge at Rocky Face. One hundred and first Ohio, Thirty-first Indiana, and a portion of the Ninetieth Ohio deployed as skirmishers. Eighty-first Indiana, supporting the right of the One hundred and first Ohio, pressed forward and drove the enemy from his detached works to his main line, and withdrew under cover of night. May 12, moved to the right, and intrenched. May 13, the enemy having evacuated his position, the brigade, in the division column, marched through Dalton and bivouacked on the road leading to Resaca. May 14, marched on in pursuit of the enemy; soon met his skirmishers back to his line on the hills near Resaca. The brigade was then formed for action, and, with the Fifth Indiana Battery, moved forward on the Resaca road beyond the junction of the Tilton road, and became hotly engaged. Owing to the extent of country to be observed by so small a force, the brigade was necessarily posted in detached positions. The enemy sweeping down on us in overwhelming force and pressing a heavy body entirely past our left flank, compelled the brigade to fall back in confusion. The Fifth Indiana Battery, having been fortunately posted in rear of the lines, checked the enemy's farther advance and punished him severely. Just at night-fall the brigade was rallied, reformed, and moved to a position on rear of Colonel (now General) Grose's brigade, where it remained till the evacuation of the works at Resaca the morning of the 16th. Moved forward that day in pursuit. Came up with the enemy on the evening of the 17th near Adairsville; formed line of battle and advanced skirmishers; light skirmishing until dark. During the night the enemy withdrew. Moved forward on the morning of the 18th; found the enemy near Kingston; deployed the One hundred and first Ohio and Eighty-first Indiana. Heavy skirmishing ensued, driving the enemy about one and a half miles. Formed a line of battle and moved forward, the enemy withdrawing; camped near Cassville. May 23, 3 p. m., marched with the division near Dallas. Lay in reserve at Dallas till the morning of May 30, when the brigade was ordered to accompany a supply train to Kingston. The Twenty-first Illinois returned from veteran furlough, joined the brigade at Kingston June 4. Rejoined the division near Acworth June 7, June 9, Thirty-eighth Illinois joined the brigade, having returned from veteran furlough. On the morning of June General Cruft was ordered to Chattanooga on account of severe sickness, and i had the honor to assume command. Moved out on the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road in advance of the division, deployed the Twenty-first Illinois and Thirty-Indiana as skirmishers; the line soon became engaged with the enemy's skirmishers; drove them back nearly a half mile. The line was here

