
halted and column deployed into position and slight barricades constructed. June 11, line was relieved by portions of Colonel (now General) Grose's and General Whitaker's brigades,and my command, by order of General Stanley, moved to the left of General Grose, relieving General Morgan's brigade, of the Fourteenth Army Corps, and formed in two lines, three battalion front. Just before dusk commenced movement to occupy position 400 or 500 yards farther to the front; completed movement under cover of night. During the night my position was strongly intrenched. June 12, light skirmishing all day. Advanced the skirmish line about fifty yards; considerable firing on the skirmish line all night. June 13 and 14, light skirmishing. June 15, at early dawn skirmish line advanced one-half mile without finding an enemy; took 6 prisoners. By order of Major-General Stanley brigade advanced three-fourths of a mile; 2 p. m. formed in double column, three battalions front. 5 p.m. advanced to the front and right, deployed in position on the right of General Grose; advanced strong line of skirmishers under a brisk fire. June 16, skirmishers briskly engaged the entire day. During the day the Thirty-first Indiana and part of the Ninetieth Ohio intrenched on the skirmish line in an open field and immediately under the enemy's guns, performing their works gallantry. The Ninetieth and One hundred and first Ohio completed the line in the early part of the night. June 17,3 a. m., advanced skirmishers to the enemy's works, and found them evacuated. During the morning advanced the brigade one and one-half miles, to a commanding position, and on the right of General Grose. Was relieved in the afternoon by General Beatty's brigade, and moved to the left in position, supporting the right brigade of General Newton's division. June 18, advanced one-half mile, supporting same brigade of General Newton's. 4 p. m. moved to position in front line farther to the right and joining the left of General Wood's division. June 19, moved to the right and relieved a brigade belonging to the Twentieth Army Corps. June 20, advanced a strong skirmish line to seize a high hill held by the enemy in my front. Succeeded under a heavy artillery and musketry fir in gaining the hill, but the enemy immediately moved a strong line of battle (under cover of a well-directed artillery fire) against me, and my flanks not being sufficiently protected, my men were driven back. June 21, moved the brigade against the hill that I failed to hold on the 20th, the Thirty-first Indiana deployed as skirmishers, Ninetieth Ohio supporting, all of the prisoners of the brigade following immediately by the balance of the brigade, going rapidly into position previously indicated. The enemy opened a heavy artillery fire on us, but our pioneers succeeded so soon in erecting good works on the crest of the hill, that his artillery fire did comparatively little damage. My pioneers particularly deserve my thanks, and won my admiration on this occasion for their almost superhuman efforts and great gallantry displayed. June 22, occupied the same position; the enemy kept up a constant and heavy skirmish fire on us, and at times during the day opened a very heavy artillery fire. June 23, at 3 a. m. was relieved by Colonel Scribner's brigade, Fourteenth Army Corps, and moved to the right about one mile, and relieved portions of Generals Harker's and Kimball's brigades. June 24, advanced skirmish line (Eighty-first Indiana) and seized a ridge occupied by the enemy's skirmishers. One hundred and first Ohio and Twenty-first Illinois moved closely

