
The Eighty-first Indiana rallied and charged the enemy, driving the lines back handsomely. The brigade was then withdrawn and marched off to the right in division column, and camped at night in rear of Fourteenth Army Corps. August 27, continued march to the right, and went into position near Mount Gilead Church. August 28, continued march, and went into position near West Point railroad. August 29, occupied same position; Thirty-first Indiana engaged in destroying railroad track. August 30, marched to position near Mud Creek. August 31, drove the enemy's skirmishers from works on the bank of creek, and camped one mile west of Macon railroad. About 3.30 p. m. became engaged with enemy's skirmishers, and drove them steadily before us to their main line near Jonesborough; formed junction with Fourteenth Army Corps battle line and moved upon the enemy; became very spiritedly engaged, driving the enemy into his works. Night-fall compelled us to cease our efforts. During the night intrenched. The enemy withdrew during the night. September 2, pursued the enemy through Jonesborough, coming up to him again near Lovejoy's went into position and drove his skirmishers back to his main line of works. Again night compelled cessation of work. September 3, was placed in reserve to Second and Third Brigades; occupied same position until evening of the 5th, when we withdrew and marched to present position on Augusta railroad, arriving September 8 p. m.

In the early part of this arduous campaign this brigade lost by sickness the valuable service and directions of its proper commander, Brigadier-General Cruft. For its comparative success since then I am indebted to the intelligent and untiring efforts of the regimental commanders. I am truly under lasting obligations to these officers for their cheerful and prompt execution of all orders, and for their indefatigable zeal and watchfulness by day and night.

To the line officers and men, more than thanks are due. They have labored and fought cheerfully and gallantry when physical energies seemed taxed beyond endurance. We mourn the loss of gallant comrades to the number of 6 commissioned officers and 53 enlisted men killed, and sympathize with 22 commissioned officers and 343 enlisted men wounded, and 15 men missing. Lieutenant-Colonel Neff, Thirty-first Indiana; Major Angle, Ninetieth Ohio; Captain Ebersole, One hundred and first Ohio, and Captain harris, Thirty-eighth Illinois, fell in front of Kenesaw; Captain Rains, Ninetieth Ohio, in front of Atlanta, and Lieutenant Hosmer, One hundred and first Ohio, in the dark gorge at Rocky Face. Brave, gallant, accomplished gentlemen, whose memory their comrades will never cease to revere, and whose virtues their highest aim will be to emulate.

I must here bear testimony of the invaluable aid rendered by the pioneer detachments of this brigade. They seemed to have been selected for their gallant and earnest enthusiasm in the cause. I offer my thanks to Lieutenant Petticord, One hundred and first Ohio, and Lieutenant Graham, Eighty-first Indiana, pioneer officers.

To make mention of the officers and men of this brigade distinguished for gallantry would be to make out almost a complete muster-roll, but can, without detriment to the other gallant men, call attention to Captain Sutphen, Ninetieth Ohio; Captain Latimer, One hundred and first Ohio; Lieutenant Ford, Thirty-first Indiana, as officers deserving more than thanks.

