
To all the members of my staff I am under obligations for the prompt and energetic manner in which they have discharged their duties. Particularly and I indebted to Lieutenant Felton, Ninetieth Ohio, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant Stevens, Eighty-first Indiana, assistant inspector-general. Always correct in their judgment, always on the front line when there was work to do, rendering active and valuable assistance, and untiring in their efforts.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. M. KIRBY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 17.

Report of Captain William H. Jamison, Twenty-first Illinois Infantry, of operations June 3-September 8.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Near Atlanta, Ga., September 11, 1864.l

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the Twenty-first Illinois, numbering about 200 men, under command of Major James E. Calloway, joined the First Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, at Kingston, Ga., on the 3rd day of June, 1864. On the 4th we marched from Kingston at 4 p. m., as guard to supply train. That evening we marched eight miles and halted at 11 p. m. at the village of Etowah, on the bank of the Euharlee Creek. On the 5th we moved but slowly, on account of bad roads, and halted at Raccoon Creek. On the morning of the 6th we moved at 6 a. m., crossed the creek and began the ascent of Allatoona Mountain, campaign near Burnt Hickory at 11 p. m., having marched since dark by torchlight. On the 7th we marched at sunrise, crossing Pumpkin Vine Creek at 9 a. m. On the 8th we joined the First Division, Fourth Army Corps, near Acworth, Ga., remaining until the 10th, when we moved to the front five companies, deployed as skirmishers, under command of Major Calloway. At about 1 p. m. the skirmishers became engaged with the enemy, and continued warmly engaged throughout the day, the enemy hotly contesting every foot of ground, the Twenty-first losing 2 men wounded. On the 11th we threw up light works. On the 12th did nothing. On the 13th we continued skirmishing with the enemy by details made from the regiment, the enemy being compelled to take refuge in his works located on Pine Mountain, a strong position almost north of Kenesaw Mountain. On the morning of the 15th it was found that the enemy had evacuated during the night. We immediately moved forward and halted insight of College Hill, near Marietta, Ga., at 8 a. m. We again moved at 10 a. m., and at sunset threw up light works and remained there until the morning of the 17th, when it was found there was no enemy in our front, he having evacuated under cover of darkness. We followed in line of battle until we were relieved, about 12 m., by the Third Division, Fourth Army Corps. We then moved a short distance to the left and halted for the night. On the 19th we moved at 8 a.m., and crossed a deep slough, then recrossed and threw up some light works, our picket detail keeping

