
a. m. the day, and moved to our present position, about one and a half miles east of town, arriving here at 12 m., remaining here since, my loss in killed being 1; wounded, 15; captured, 5; total, 21.

The condition of this command in arms is good, in clothing is fair, in discipline fair, in spirits good. I am under many obligations to Colonel Kirby, commanding brigade, and his staff for their kindness and leniency to me who has occupied a position during the campaign higher than my rank would warrant. To Dr. J. L. Reat, surgeon of this regiment, I am under obligations for the kindness and care shown to the sick and wounded of this command, and I would take this method of returning thanks to all officers and men of this command for the energy and zeal shown in our noble cause, and their promptness in obeying all and every order given them, regardless of time or place. I also thank Sergt. Major E. Mack and my orderly, J. A. Pierce, for the promptness displayed in carrying orders while under fire.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

W. H. JAMISON,

Captain, Commanding 21st Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Captain JOHN A. WRIGHT,

A. A. G., First Brigadier, First Div., Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 18.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William T. Chapman, thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry, of operations May 28-September 8.

HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS VET. VOL. INFTY., Near Atlanta, Ga., September 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the park taken by the Thirty-eighth Regiment Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry in the campaign:

The regiment left Chattanooga May 28, on its return to the field form veteran furlough, and reported at Rossville, by order of General Steedman, to take charge of escort a drove of cattle to Resaca. Arrived at Resaca June 2, 1864. There the drove, numbering over 1,200 head, was transferred to Captain Thornton, commissary of subsistence. He called upon me for guard to the front, showing authority form General Sherman for his demand. Addition had been made to the drove, making over 1,700 head, thereby entailing very heavy guard upon the regiment, which numbered only 180 effective men. Arrived at Acworth, Ga., June 8. June 9, were relieved and reported to the brigade. June 10, moved with the brigade, and participated in the operations before Pine Top and in the advance upon the Kenesaw line. June 20, moved to the right and relieved troops of the Twentieth Corps in front of Bald Knob. The picket-line was advanced, and being driven back, the Thirty-eighth was deployed and placed on picket. June 21, the Thirty-eight was relieved early in the morning . The picket-line was again advanced, took and held Bald Knob in our front. After the line was established the Thirty-eighth was moved to the hill, where it remained till the morning of the 23d. During the operations the

