
enemy shelled the line vigorously. June 23, moved farther to the right before daylight. The line was advanced in the afternoon. The Thirty-eighth was ordered to throw up works between the Twenty-first Illinois and One hundred and first Ohio, in doing which 1 man was killed and several wounded. On the morning of June 27 the regiment was on picket, and was relieved before light by a portion of the Third Brigade, and, with the brigade, was held in support of Newton's division while charging the enemy's lines. After the withdrawal of Newton';s division, were again moved to the front line. In so doing Captain Harris, Company K, was wounded in the leg. Remained at this point alternately on front and rear lines till July 2. In the month of June the Thirty-eight lost 1 commissioned officer and 26 enlisted men wounded, 1 enlisted man killed.

On the night of July 2 moved to the left and relieved the One hundredth Illinois on picket. July 3, moved with the brigade several miles past Marietta. July 4, Captain Patrick, in command of the picket detail, was wounded in advancing the line, causing the loss the his left arm. July 5, moved to Vining's Station, near the Chattahoochee; laid there till the 10th, and are moved to the left. July 12, crossed the river, threw up works on a high ridge near the river, and laid them till the 18th. July 18 and 19, moved with the brigade in the direction of Atlanta. July 20, crossed Peach Tree Creek, and when lines were formed were placed in support of the Fifth Indiana Battery, in which position we laid till the morning of the 22d, when, the enemy having left, we moved forward. Upon coming up with the enemy's line, were formed, threw up works, and remained in position till the 26th. The night of July 26 moved to lines protecting the left flank and rear, remaining there till August 1. Loss in July, 1 enlisted man killed; 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men wounded.

August 1, the regiment was ordered out, and threw up works near corps headquarters. At night were ordered to rejoin the brigade, when we took position on the left, relieving the Twenty-third Corps; remained there, with a few changes in the line,till the night of the 25th, when the brigade moved to the right. August 26, about 11 a. m. were ordered to support the Eighty-first Indiana on the skirmish line, and, deploying, were ordered to the works held by the enemy. The regiment charge and, driving them out, occupied the works. The left was immediately exposed to a flank fire and fell back. The left was refused and the line held till ordered back, when it fell back slowly, protecting the rear of the column. Loss in the month of August, 2 enlisted men killed and 3 wounded.

September 1, were engaged with the brigade in destroying the Macon road. When line of battle was formed before Jonesborough were placed upon the left as flankers and skirmishers, connecting with the Ninetieth Ohio, who were upon the skirmish line, the Second Division forming in our rear. The Twenty-eighth prolonged the line of the Ninetieth and, an advance being ordered, went forward through at thick wood till it attained a hill in front of Jonesborough. the regiment made two charges upon the enemy's skirmish lines, driving them readily, with a loss of 3 men wounded. It remained till dark, when it was relieved by other troops. September 2, moved to the left of the line near Lovejoy's; withdrew the night of the 5th, and, with the brigade, returned to Atlanta, reaching that place September 8.

