
enemy's works, which were of the most formidable character, having accomplished their mission. In this advance I deeply regret to mention the loss of Major Boyd, of the Eighty-fourth Indiana. He was severely wounded and has since died. Brave, quick, energetic, and honorable, he was a most useful and valuable officer. His loss was deeply felt. We remained in front of Rocky Face, engaged in skirmishing every day, until the 12th, when this brigade was moved to the right of the railroad, where it passes through Rocky Face Ridge. Here we intrenched, working night and day, in face of a most energetic and watchful foe, under heavy fire, and firmly maintained our position in pistol-shot range of the enemy's works until they evacuated them. They were of the most formidable character.

On the 13th we pursued the rebels, and on the 14th, the First Brigade having the advance, they were found on the road form Dalton to Resaca, near the latter place. My brigade was sent forward to develop their position. Throwing out skirmishers, we advanced and drove the enemy before us until they took refuge behind their intrenchments. We continued to advance until within canister range of their works. Here my brigade threw up a temporary barricade, where my sharpshooters kept up a galling fire on the enemy's batteries. While thus engaged the rebels made an assault in four columns on the left of our column. The First Brigade of the division had been ordered to protect this flank, but the enemy massed his troops in such numbers, and made his assault so fiercely, that the First Brigade was overpowered and fell back in great disorder, leaving my left flank exposed to a most terrific assault. The One hundred and fifteenth Illinois and Ninety-sixth Illinois resisted with persistent courage under a most galling fire, but held the enemy at bay, falling back and changing front, until I brought up the Fortieth Ohio, Ninety-ninth Ohio, and Fifty-first Ohio, when we drove the enemy back from my flank and firmly maintained my position. These regiments behaved with great gallantry. the Fifth Indiana Battery, attacked to this brigade, under command of Lieutenant Morrison, and under supervision of brave Captain Simonson, chief of artillery of the division, had been left in the rear by order of major-general commanding division, and being assailed by a portion of the enemy's columns, made a most assailed by a portion of the enemy's columns, made a most determined and successful defense. The brave officers and men hurled such storms of shell, shot, and canister upon the rebel lines that they were enabled to maintain their position until General Hooker's command, advancing, aided them in turning back the rebel column, which was advancing far in rear of our left flank. I make special mention of the officers and men of this battery for their gallantry and bravery on this occasion. The enemy's loss was reported by prisoners to be near 300 killed, with some 600 or 800 wounded. My loss was light.

May the 15th my brigade was massed in column of regiments to support a portion of General Hooker's corps that assaulted and carried a part of the enemy's works in front of Resaca. At night we lay in the trenches which my pioneers had been engaged in constructing under heavy fire.

Early next morning, the 16th, the enemy's works were found to be evacuated. We slowly pursued them, and, passing through Resaca, crossed the Oostenaula late in the evening. the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois, Colonel Moore commanding, was detailed, by order of General Thomas, to guard the works at Resaca.

16 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

