
It was a very responsible position, and if has been well done. May 17, we moved slowly in the direction of and within three miles of Adairsville, the enemy slowly and stubbornly yielding. May 18, advanced through Adairsville and within three and one-half miles of Kingston. May 19, my brigade was in advance of the army, the Twenty-first Kentucky on the right of the Ninety-ninth Ohio, on the left of the road as skirmishers, with the Eighty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Indiana as flankers. We had heavy skirmishing all the way to Kingston. Beyond the town the enemy formed in line of battle and opened upon us with a battery. I moved my brigade quickly against the enemy's left, while they were assailed in front by the First and Third Brigades of this division. Being thus assailed, the rebels retreated slowly and stubbornly, falling back and being firmly pursued by my skirmishers through a succession of thickly-wooded hills very favorable for defense, until coming to the slope of the ridge the rebels were found drawn up in line of battle in heavy force on an open plateau a short distance in our front and in front of their works at Cassville. By order of General Stanley I threw forward my brigade in line of battle, and the Fifth Indiana Battery, with McDowell's and Bridges' batteries, or portions of them, opened fire upon the rebels with good effect. Our line of battle being formed and the skirmishers pressing them, the enemy withdrew his forces and retired behind his works at Cassville. During the night they evacuated this position.

The 20th, 21st, and 22nd we remained in position near Cassville, and on the 22nd sent back to Bridgeport, Ala., all the surplus baggage of the brigade. On the 23rd we crossed the Etowah and camped near Euharlee. On the 24th we passed Euharlee Creek and went into camp late at night in heavy rain at Burnt Hickory. On the 25th we continued in pursuit of the enemy, and passing Pumpkin Vine Creek were ordered to support to support General Hooker's corps, which had come up with and had a severe engagement with the rebels. There re-enforcements did not arrive any too soon, though night had intervened between the enemy and General Hooker's disordered troops. We went into line of battle at night and lay in this position. May 26, remained in this position. May 27, moved across Little Pumpkin Vice Creek near Brown's saw-mill, relieving the Second Brigade, of General Wood's division.

At this point we remained until the 5th of June, working day and night, in rain and mud, under until the 5th of June, working day and night, in rain and mud, under heavy fire. Severe skirmishing took place night and day with but little intermission, varied every day by heavy artillery firing. This position was most fiercely contested, yet day and night my officers and men of the days worked and fought until we advanced our lines to pistol-shots range at some points of the enemy's works. Here the fire was so heavy and concentrated that no human being shot. The enemy was so hotly pressed that on the morning of the 5th his works were again found vacated. June the 6th we pursued them, and took position about three miles south of Acworth. Here we remained until the 10th June, on which day we advanced (skirmishing) and found the enemy strongly intrenched on Pine Mountain, with his left toward Lost and his right toward Kenesaw Mountain. June 11, took position on the left of Hooker and the right of Wood's division, and threw up earth-works with lumber revetments for artillery and riflemen. Keeping a heavy line of skirmishers forward, the enemy opened from Pine Mountain with artillery.

