
Remained in this position, with severe skirmishing, the 12th, 13th, and 14th of June. On the 14th a shell from the Fifth Indiana Battery, commanded by Lieutenant Morrison, fired from a 3-inch Rodman gun, from the section commanded by Lieutenant Elliston, killed Lieutenant-General Polk of the rebel army, who, in company with Generals Johnston and Hardee, was surveying our lines from Pine Mountain. June 15, the rebels vacated Pine Mountain and its strong defenses. We advanced in pursuit and occupied Pine Mountain. We found the enemy in another line of works in cannon-range of his last position. In this advance I suffered the loss of that good and brave officer, Lieutenant Thomas M. Gunn, topographical engineer of the discharge of his duty. We remained before the enemy, with heavy skirmishing, until the 17th, when the rebels fell back on their left, falling back so as to form a line almost at right angles with that part of his position not abandoned. We pursued him and went into line with the Second Brigade, of Wood's division, on our left and William's division on our right. Heavy works were again thrown up for defense. June 18, advanced, my skirmishers being the Ninety-ninth Ohio, under command of Captain Bope (both field officers being sick). This regiment advanced most gallantry, driving the enemy with great impetuosity, and taking position within 100 yards of the enemy's lines. It rained incessantly, and these brave men in their rifle-pits, some in water-nearly waist deep, resisted successfully every effort made to dislodge them. Following up the advance made by the Ninety-ninth Ohio, with the Eighty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Indiana and Fifty-first Ohio, was again threw up works and held the advance gained. the skirmishing was very severe. June 19, the rebels, being hard pressed, had again vacated their position and left their formidable works. We pursued along the road the Marietta. Between two and three miles the enemy were again found in force in strong earth-works. This brigade went into line with heavy skirmishing, the right of my skirmishers having to wade and stand in a swamp with the water above the knees. June 20, advanced my front line and again threw up strong works; the enemy's position was such that he could enfilade as far as the range of his guns our lines, right and left. I was ordered to dislodge him. My skirmishers, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Watson,were strengthened and advanced. The Twenty-first Kentucky, Colonel Price commanding, was ordered to support, while the prisoners of the brigade were held in readiness to fortify immediately any vantage ground taken. The skirmishers having advanced, at 4 p. m. the assault was made. It was one of the most brilliant and successful assaults of the war. So rapidly and effectively was it done that the great bulk of the rebels occupying the works were killed or taken prisoners. The officer and men of the Twenty-first charged beyond this line, and up to within a few yards of their main lines. The color-sergeant, Henry Bryant, being wounded, Serg. William L. Lanham seized to colors, and bearing them forward was in the act of mounting the parapet of the enemy's main works when he was fatally shot. The brave men with him brought back their colors to the first line of works, where they firmly maintained themselves until the Fifty-First. Ohio and the pioneers [arrived], making the works more tenable. They were relieved from their position by the Ninety-ninth Ohio, which formed

