
on the left of the Fifty-first. The Ninety-sixth Illinois was formed on my extreme right, and the Thirty-fifth Indiana on my extreme left, the Fortieth Ohio, Eighty-fourth Indiana, and Twenty-first Kentucky now forming the rear line. This disposition of forces was made with great celerity, but none too soon to secure the important position taken from the rebels. Two rebel regiments were sent to recover the lost ground. They boldly advanced to within a few rods of my line and were mowed down by the deadly fire of my brave men. The contest was again renewed with additional forces by the enemy to regain their lost ground. Boldly they advanced, but as boldly were they repulsed. Three brigades from night-fall till 11 o'clock at night made desperate and persevering assaults to recover the lost position. Five companies on the right of the Thirty-fifth Indiana were driven by superior in my line. 'Twas dark. Friend and foe were mixed. Brave Major Dufficy fell boldly and fearlessly rallying his men. Colonel Cummins, with the Ninety-ninth Ohio, repelled from his left flank, while the Fifty-first Ohio and Ninety-sixth Illinois drove them from their front. It was a time of peril and great danger, but ordering forward the Fortieth Ohio, those bold soldiers soon drove out the rebels form their lodgment on my line in wild disorder and with heavy loss. It was a most fiercely and deadly contested battle-ground. In two instances coming under my observation the bayonets of the loyal and rebel soldiers were found in each other's person. My loss was 273 killed, wounded, and missing. The enemy's loss was reported to me by prisoners to be between 500 and 600 killed and over 1,000 wounded. We fought their best troops and drove them from an important position, and held if firmly. Among the missing is Lieutenant-Colonel Watson, of the Fortieth Ohio, who in the darkness charged into the rebel lines and with several of his men were surrounded and captured. He is a very valuable officer. Colonel Price was wounded severely. Colonel Champion and Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, of the Ninety-sixth Illinois, were also wounded. These officers behaved with great gallantry. In this connection I must also mention the efficient conduct of Colonel McClain and Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, Fifty-fist Ohio Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Evens and Major Hoskins, Twenty-first Kentucky. Ever officer and man, with few exceptions, did their duty, and i regret that I cannot mention each one personally. Without the most determined courage and efficiency as soldiers on their part, I must have been beaten. I congratulate them on winning one of the most fiercely contested fights in the history of this rebellion. This fight took place on one of the spurs of Kenesaw Mountain.

June 21, we strengthened our works under a heavy cannonade from four batteries. the skirmishing was very severe day and night. June 22, the artillery firing was again renewed with great fury. At 10 p. m. my brigade was relieved by a brigade form the Fourteenth Corps, and we moved three miles to the right, relieving General Ward's brigade, of the Twentieth Corps. The Ninety-ninth Ohio was to-day transferred to the Twenty-third Corps by order of General Thomas, and its place supplied by the Forty-fifth Ohio. It is a gallant and efficient regiment, and carried my best wishes wherever it may go. June 23, I was ordered to take the skirmish line in my front. Ordering forward the Eighty-fourth Indiana, Colonel Neff commanding, they gallantly assaulted and took the enemy's line, with 28 men and 2 officers prisoners.

