
Before the line could be strengthened by defenses, the enemy rallied and drove in a portion o the Eighty-fourth Indiana, but they held the most important portion of the line against every effort to dislodge them. June 24,25, and 26, my position was unchanged, and the time was occupied in throwing up defenses, night any day, while being constantly in heavy skirmishing. June 27, I was ordered to support an assaulting column composed partly of different brigades. The bridge I was ordered immediately to support being General Harker's, I took and maintained the position assigned me. The enemy's skirmish line being taken, was occupied and held by the Forty-fifth and Fifty-first Ohio and Twenty-first Kentucky, of this brigade, the bridge of General harker being withdrawn. June 28, still occupying same position; no skirmishing, the men being engaged in burying the dead. June 29, the position of the brigade was unchanged. Heavy skirmishing day and night, will but little intermission. During the night the rebels made a furious attack on our liens, but were repulsed with but slight loss. We know not their loss, but presume it was heavy. June 30, position still unchanged.

The health of the general commanding this brigade, from continued exposure night and day for two months, had become so impaired as in the opinion of the brigade surgeon to put in serious danger his life or the permanent derangement of his health if subjected to further exposure and fatigue. It was with deep regret that he was compelled by disease to leave his command on the eve of one of the most decisive victories over treason. This regret was more poignant from the fact that he had been actively engaged in all the battles in which the Army of the Cumberland had been engaged, and it was his highest pride and honor to be with it in every one so long as he was connected therewith.

My command was left Colonel Taylor, of the Fortieth Ohio, who will report any further action taken by my brigade up to the evacuation of Atlanta. It is with feelings of pride, a soldier's just and honest pride, that I commend the courage, fortitude, fidelity, efficiency, and endurance of the officers and men of my command. For two months under fire, working day and night, through good and inclement weather, no murmur was heard, but the most determined spirit evinced to subdue the enemies of our country. I must specially commend Colonel Price, Colonel Champion, Colonel Taylor, and Colonel McClain, for promptness and efficiency as officers. Also Surgeons Beach, Walter, Wings, Pierce, and Averdick, for care and attention to my sick and wounded. Also of Father Cooney and Chaplain Burkett, for well-timed and faithful ministrations s chaplains.

The loss of my brigade was heavy, being, up to July 1: Killed--commissioned officers, 4; enlisted men, 91. Wounded--commissioned officers, 22; enlisted men, 380. Missing-commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 60. Making a total of killed, wounded, and missing in officers, of 28; and of enlisted men, 531. Grand total 91. (See provost-marshal's statement.)

Of my staff--Captain H. F. Temple, acting assistant adjutant-general; my aides, Lieutenant J. P. Phipps and Lieutenant J. Clarence Peck; Captain North, brigade inspector; Lieutenant Gunn, topographical

