
been rendered almost impregnable against assault. The reserve regiments of the brigade were moved, in accordance with orders from Major-General Stanley, on the night of the 2nd instant about one-half a mile to the left, and relieved General Kimball's brigade, of Newton's division. At early dawn on the 3rd instant, the enemy being gone, the brigade was assembled and massed in an open field and awaited orders for pursuit. At 7 a. m., pursuant to orders, the brigade took up the line of march, bringing up the rear of the division. Leaving Marietta to the left, we proceeded down the Atlanta railroad to a point four miles south of Marietta, where the enemy was found intrenched. Here the brigade front. Next morning, the 4th instant, being ordered to strengthen and advance the line of skirmishers, I ordered the Forty-fifth Ohio to the support of the Thirty-fifth Indiana, and immediately advanced enemy's skirmish line (which was nearly equal in strength to a line of battle), and, being well supported by the Forty-fifth Ohio, carried the rifle-pits and held them, although exposed to a galling flank fire, junction with them. The remaining regiments distance of the skirmish line, and a temporary barricade erected. On the morning of the 5th instant it was found that the enemy had again fallen back, and, pursuant to orders, the brigade marched with the division to Vining's Station, and went into camp along the north bank of the Chattahoochee River. The position of the brigade remained unchanged until the 10th instant, when with the division it moved up the Chattahoochee and encamped near Powers' Ferry. On the 12th instant a crossing of the river was effected, and the brigade went into camp on the left of the river was effected, and the brigade went into camp on the left of the division on a high ridge protecting the Powers' Ferry crossing. On the 18th instant the Thirty-fifth Indiana was detached from the brigade (pursuant to orders from division headquarters) to guard the supply train of the Corps, and did not rejoin the brigade until the 30th of August. On the 18th instant the brigade moved with the division to Buck head, where it remained until the afternoon of the 19th, when orders were received to proceed on Atlanta road across the north fork of Peach Tree Creek, which was accomplished before night-fall. On going into camp three regiments were put into the front line and ordered to throw up temporary breast-works. The remainder of the brigade was held in reserve, protected from the fire of the enemy by the nature of the ground. A brisk fire was kept up between our skirmishers and the skirmishers of the enemy. Next morning the brigade was ordered to take the advance of the division and force a crossing of the south fork of Peach Tree Creek, on the south bank of which direction about two miles from the position held on the night of the 19th, the road suddenly turned to the west, and we marched directly toward Atlanta. The Twenty-first Kentucky was rapidly deployed as skirmishers and advanced steadily, driving the skirmishers of the enemy before them until they gained the creek. The brigade was here brought to a temporary halt, in consequence of the destruction of the bridge across the creek until another could be constructed.

