
For better security, I ordered the Fortieth Ohio to the right as flankers for the brigade, and brought the Forty-Ohio and Ninety-sixth Illinois into line, the former on the right and the latter on the left of the road. As soon as the pioneers had constructed a bridge the skirmishers, with proper supports, were ordered forward to take possession of the high ridge bordering the south bank of Peach Tree Creek, but being considerably annoyed by the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters, who were posted behind a cluster of log cabins on the crest of the ridge, one section of the Fifth Indiana Battery, under command of Lieutenant Ellison, was ordered into position, and by a few well-directed shots drove the rebels from their cover, and the skirmishers advanced over the hill, followed by the brigade in column. On the crest of the hill I formed a line of battle, consisting of the Ninety-sixth Illinois on the right;, the Fifty-first Ohio in the center, and the Forty-fifth Ohio on the left; the Eighty-fourth Indiana was held in reserve. I then directed the Fortieth Ohio, which was deployed as flankers on the right, to move forward and extend the skirmish line by forward, capturing the skirmish pits of the enemy. The main line of battle was halted about 100 yards beyond the captured pits of the enemy, and immediately erected a line of breast-works. the skirmishers advanced so close to the main rebel works, and were in such an exposed position that they were unable to throw up any protection for themselves, especially on the left of the line held by the Twenty-first Kentucky. The Fortieth Ohio was relieved by the Fifth-first Ohio at 5 p. m., but it was impossible to relieve the Twenty-first Kentucky at that time without too much risk. About two hours before dark the rebels advanced from their intention of driving it in. They were not only defeated in their object, but were repulsed with great loss. Great praise is due to the officers and men of the Twenty-first Kentucky and Fifty-first Ohio for the pertinacity with which they held their ground on this occasion. After dark the Twenty-first Kentucky was relieved by the Ninety-sixth Illinois. The night was spent in building earth-works with timber revetments. On the morning of the 21st instant the Fortieth Ohio was sent incessant, killing and wounding a number of my officers and men. The amount of firing done by the skirmishers may be imagined by the fact that the Fortieth Ohio alone expended 27,000 rounds of ammunition during the night and day of the 21st instant. At night the Twenty-first Kentucky was again ordered to the skirmish line to relieve the Ninety-sixth Illinois. At 3 a. m. of the 22nd our skirmishers pushed up to the enemy's works and found them evacuated. They remained in the works until daylight, and gathered up about 25 rebel prisoners. During the morning we marched up to the high ridge confronting the enemy's works east of Atlanta, and having been assigned a position in the line went to work with a will in the construction of a line of intrenchments. We were engaged in strengthening our works for several days, using every conceivable device to render our position impregnable. The timber was felled in our front for a distance of 200 yards, and an abatis constructed through which it was impossible for a line of battle to

