
idly forward for a mile, driving before us a body of rebel cavalry, when by General Wood's order I halted and held the enemy at bay while working parties destroyed the road. When the work of destruction was completed, I about-faced the brigade, retiring it in line, with flankers out and the skirmishers bringing up the rear. After passing inside the line of works I brought the brigade into column and returned to my former camp. On the 30th we crossed the West Point road and pushed out in the direction of the Macon railroad. The enemy appeared on our left several times during the day, but were kept off by the flankers. On the 31st we again struck out for the Macon railroad, this brigade in advance. We had not proceeded far when brisk skirmishing ensued, and we discovered a strong line of works in our front. By order of General Kimball i formed by brigade in line and commenced the construction of works. Believing the enemy to be in weak force the skirmishers were ordered forward and soon drove the rebels from their works, which were found to be quite formidable. I brought up the bridge and massed it in the field inside of the rebel works, and waited for General Wood's division to pass, which here took the advance of the corps. when he had got by I followed with the brigade, throwing the Fifty-first Ohio on my left as flankers. We marched some three or four miles and encamped at night in a position commanding the Macon railroad, and threw up a strong line of works. At daylight on the 1st of September we marched to the railroad and commenced its destruction, working southward. Late in the afternoon we had reached a point three miles from Jonesborough, having destroyed the railroad thoroughly as we advanced. Here we received orders to proceed toward Jonesborough and attack the enemy. This brigade being in rear of the division was held in reserve, and followed the movements of the division. Two regiments, however, the Fortieth Ohio and Twenty-third Kentucky, were detached and sent to report to General Grose, commanding Third Brigade, and were placed by him so as to protect his left flank. These regiments rejoined the brigade that night at 10 o'clock. At daylight the 2nd instant I was ordered to take position on the left of General Grose's brigade, and attack the enemy in his works, but daylight disclosed the fact that the rebels had gone, and the movement was not made. We marched through Jonesborough and down the railroad until we again found the enemy intrenched near Loveyoy's Station. I was ordered to move on the left flank of General Grose's brigade, which was deployed in line. the Ninety-sixth Illinois, Major Hicks commanding, was deployed as skirmishers on the left and in continuation of Grose's skirmish line, and moved in conjunction with them. We moved forward, conforming to the movements of Grose's brigade; the Fortieth Ohio was in advance of the column. While advancing across a march under a heavy fire, which swept the whole length of the column, Captain Matchett, commanding Fortieth Ohio, was wounded so as to disable him, and the command of that regiment devolved on Captain Kemper. On entering an open field near the enemy's position, General Wood took the responsibility of directing me to throw three regiments into line and ordering a charge to the crest of the ridge in our front, which would give us a fine position, either for offensive or defensive movements. The charge was made under a storm of shot and shell, and a barricade was instantly thrown up on the crest of the ridge out of such materials as could

