
be gathered on the ground. In gaining and holding this ground we lost severely in killed and wounded, owing to our nearness to the rebel works. I should not omit to say that when the brigade advanced to this position the skirmishers of the Ninety-sixth Illinois charged gallantry and drove the enemy's skirmishers from their pits and occupied them.

On the night of the 5th instant I was ordered to withdraw my brigade at 8 o'clock and move toward Jonesborough. The night was rainy, and, except when the lightning flashed, it was impossible to see ten steps in advance. owing to the rains of the 3d, 4th, and 5th instant, the roads were in a horrible condition, and the men actually waded for miles through mud knee-deep. It was a terrible night march, and the men, overcome with fatigue, straggled considerably. Near daylight in the morning we reached the position held on the night of the 1st instant, and here the brigade encamped until the morning of the 7th, when we marched in the direction and within eight miles of the city of Atlanta. On the 8th we marched through the streets of the city we had fought so hard and so long to possess, and proceeding two miles out on the Augusta railroad, we formed our line running parallel with it, facing south, and went into camp.

Subjoined is a list of casualties of the brigade since I assumed command of it; also a list of prisoners captured.

It affords me pleasure to acknowledge the valuable assistance rendered me on all occasions in the execution of orders and in every movement we have made by the regimental, field, and line officers of this brigade. My thanks are especially due to Colonel McClain, Fifty-first Ohio Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, commanding Twenty-first Kentucky Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Northup, commanding Twenty-third Kentucky Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Tassin, commanding Thirty-fifth Illinois Volunteers; Major Hicks, commanding Ninety-sixth Illinois Volunteers; Captain Matchett, commanding Fortieth Ohio Volunteers; Captain Humphrey, commanding Forty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, and Captain Taylor, commanding Eighty-fourth Indiana Volunteers. They have shown themselves amid hardships and dangers to be brave, firm, persevering, and efficient officers, and deserve to be gratefully remembered of their country.

The medical corps, under direction of Dr. J. N. Beach, acting brigade surgeon, have been untiring in their endeavors to alleviate the sufferings of the wounded.

To my staff - Captain H. F. Temple, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain John North, inspector-general; Lieutenant J. C. Peck, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant G. W. Pepoon, provost-marshal, and Lieutenant J. R. Dean, controlling ambulances - my acknowledgments are due for their faithfulness and efficiency in the discharge of their manifold duties. They have been tried on many a field and their gallantry and fearlessness well attested.

Very respectfully,

J. E. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Fourth Army Corps.

