
This is somewhat less than the sum total of casualties mentioned in the partial reports which have been called for from time to time during the campaign, for the reason, that a number have been twice and thrice wounded, and so reported each time, but in this report they are accounted for but once.

[GEORGE HICKS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.]

Captain H. F. TEMPLE,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 1st div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 22.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Augustus G. Tassin, Thirty-fifth Indiana Infantry, of operations July 1 - September 8.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of September 10, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Thirty-fifth Regiment Indiana Infantry Volunteers during the recent campaign, from July 1, 1864, to the fall of Atlanta:

On July 1 the regiment was stationed in front of Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., occupying a reserve position in rear of the second line of our works. On the evening of the 2nd the regiment changed position to the left with the brigade, taking the place of the Second Division, fourth Corps, which moved out. The following morning, the enemy having evacuated their position on Kenesaw Mountain, the regiment took the line of march in pursuit, passing through Marietta, coming up again with the enemy about four miles south of that place. Here the brigade was ordered to a halt for the night, the Thirty-fifth being detailed to picket the brigade front. Early next morning orders were received to advance our lines with a view to drive back the enemy's skirmishers, capture their rifle-pits, if the troops on our right. The length of our lines at this time was about 500 yards, and extended through a thick wood bordering an open field, in the center of which some 300 yards in our front the enemy's rifle [pits] could plainly be seen. The command being given to advance, the men rushed forward with a cheer, keeping up an incessant running fire until they reached the enemy's pits, which they took possession of, capturing 1 officer, 15 enlisted men. The troops on our left failing to advance, left us exposed to a galling flank fire, but the men unflinchingly held their ground until relieved by a portion of the Forty-fifth Ohio. I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of my officers and men on this occasion. Our total loss in the action, which lasted one hour and a half, was 4 enlisted men killed, and 6 wounded. On the following day we followed the retreating enemy to a point near the Chattahoochee River, where we remained in reserve until July 10, when with our division the regiment moved to the left, and on July 12 crossed the river, occupying a position in front of the Twenty-third Corps. We remained here until July 18, when the regiment was ordered to report to the corps supply train for duty. Nothing of importance transpired while with the train. On the 30th of August the regiment was relieved from duty with the

