
train and ordered to report immediately to the brigade. Reported to the brigade on the same day; found the troops to the rear of Atlanta. The same night the Thirty-fifth supported the skirmish line, and on the morning of the 31st advanced a short distance in support of the line, when the regiment was ordered to rejoin the brigade; during this time sharp skirmishing was going on in our front. After moving forward with the brigade to an open field, we formed in line of battle in the second line. One hour later, with the Twenty-first Kentucky, the Thirty-fifth advanced. About the same time the enemy retreated from our front. Camped that night within one and a half miles of the Macon railroad. On the following morning, September 1, advanced along the railroad, destroying it as we went; came upon the enemy late in the evening going into position on the left of King's brigade. The regiment was under a heavy fire, which continued until dark. We had 2 men wounded on this occasion. The following morning moved after the retreating foe, passing through Jonesborough, and came up with enemy two miles south of the town. Our division moved to the left through a broken country and came upon the enemy's right about night-fall. While in this position the enemy shelled our lines with some effect. The regiment had 1 man wounded. The same evening the Thirty-fifth supported the skirmish line, and on the following morning went into position on the left of the Forty-fifth Ohio in the front line. Remained in this position until the night of September 5, when agreeable to orders we quietly withdrew, moved back to Jonesborough, going into camp about 3 a. m. 6th instant. The following day moved to Rough and Ready, some ten miles from Jonesborough. Arrived in Atlanta on the 8th, and moving about one and a half mile northwest of town went into camp.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. TASSIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. F. TEMPLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 23.

Report of Brigadier General William Grose, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 5, 1864.

SIR: I, in completion of my duties in connection with the arduous campaign just closed, have the honor to report the party taken therein by my command - the Fifty-ninth Illinois, Colonel Post; Seventy-fifth Illinois, Colonel Bennett; Eighty-fourth Illinois, Colonel Waters; Eightieth Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Kilgour; Ninth Indiana, Colored Suman; Thirty-sixth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Carey; Thirtieth Indiana, Captain Dawson; Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, Captain J. J. Lawson, to which was attached Battery B, Pennsylvania. Effective force, officers and men, about 2,900.

By orders from Major-General Stanley, division commander, we marched with the balance of his command on the 3rd day of May, 1864, from our camp at Blue Springs, near Cleveland, Tenn., to Red

