
Clay, on the Georgia line, and camped for the night. May 4, marched with the division to Catoosa Springs, Ga. (with light skirmishing), for concentration with the army, where we rested until May 7, when we marched with the corps, drove the enemy from and took possession of Tunnel Hill, Ga. For several succeeding days we advanced upon and ineffectually endeavored to drive the enemy from Rocky Face Ridge in our front. My position was on the left of the rail and wagon roads leading through Buzzard Roost Gap, on the Dalton road. The enemy had strongly fortified this pass and the high ridge on either side. I had some previous knowledge of the position, and knew that it was impregnable to our assaults; but in obedience to orders we frequently made the attempt with a heavy skirmish line, at which my loss was about 40 men. Finally, a portion of our army having passed the ridge farther south, on the morning of the 13th of May it was found that the enemy had retreated from our front, when I was ordered and moved in pursuit on the Dalton road, but soon came up with the rear guard of the enemy and skirmishing commenced. We drove them to and through Dalton, my forces (the Ninth and Thirty-sixth Indiana) the first to enter the place so long a stronghold of the enemy. We continued the pursuit, and about 12 m., three miles south of Dalton, on the Resaca road, we came upon the enemy in line upon a high wooded hill. As we approached he opened upon us with a battery of artillery. Our artillery was placed in position, and a heavy duel commenced across a large open form with a low valley between. The Ninth and Thirty-sixth Indiana, supported on the right by the Eighty-fourth Illinois, were ordered into line and advanced across the valley double-quick under a heavy fire, ascended the wooded hill, drove the enemy from his barricades, and carried the place with very light loss. This was the last of our fighting for the day, and we advanced a few miles to right, entered Sugar Valley, and camped with the corps in line for the night.

May 14, early this morning our corps moved toward the enemy's position at Resaca, on the right bank of the Oostenaula River, Ga. At about 12 m. we came upon the enemy in position about three miles from the river. The face of the country rough and hilly, interspersed with small farms, but mostly heavy woodland with thick underbrush. I was directed and put my command in position in double lines on the left of General Hazen's brigade, of General Wood's division, the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, Eightieth Illinois, Seventy-fifth Illinois, and Thirtieth Indiana in front line. The ground was too rough for the artillery to move with us. About 1 o'clock General Wood informed me he was ready to advance, and I had received orders to advance in connection with his division. The other two brigades of our division were to have been in line on my left, but did not come up, and the lines advanced about 2 o'clock, my brigade on the extreme left of the advancing lines. We drove the enemy from the woodland in which we formed, across a farm in my front through another woodland, then over another small valley farm, and over a high wooded hill beyond, upon which we were ordered to halt - a farm in a valley to our front, and the enemy fortified on the wooded hills beyond. Here I caused barricades to be constructed in front of my front line. Late in the afternoon the other two brigades of our division came up and took position on my left. The enemy, near night, advanced upon them and drove them back. When I discovered them giving way I immediately formed

17 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT II

