
a line from my rear regiments facing to my left perpendicular to the rear to protect the left flank of the main line. This new formation was made by the Fifty-ninth Illinois, one wing of the Eighty-fourth Illinois, and Thirty-sixth Indiana. It was formed and ready for action, with skirmishers out, in less than ten minutes. Our batteries in the mean time had been brought up and put into position, under the command of the gallant, brave, and lamented Captain Simonson, of the Fifth Indiana Battery, on the left of this flank line; but the enemy moved rapidly forward toward and to the left of the batteries, with, as he thought no doubt, a sure prize before him; but the ever ready Major General Joe Hooker was advancing with his corps at the point, and met the advancing enemy, engaged, and drove him back with severe punishment. My front line was engaged at long range with the enemy while the fight with Hooker was going on. Night soon threw her mantle over the bloody scene, and all was quiet except continued skirmishing. In this day's battle some of our bravest and best officers and men were among the fallen. My assistant inspector-general, Captain Davis, of the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, brave and good soldier, fell here. May 15, Major-General Hooker's corps advanced on my left, swinging around to assist, and a severe engagement ensued, in which we gained signal advantages, capturing prisoners and artillery, and the enemy had to retreat during the night, leaving most of his dead and wounded in our possession. May 16, we pursued the retreating enemy across the Oostenaula at Resaca, and advanced to near Calhoun and camped for the night. May 17, advanced, encountering the enemy's rear with heavy skirmishing to near Adairsville, Ga., and halted for the night. My command not engaged to-day. May 18, passed Adairsville, the enemy retreating with light skirmishing, and camped for the night on the Kingston road. May 19, moved to Kingston, found the enemy in position; attacked and drove him. Most of the fourth Corps engaged. My command captured the enemy's hospitals, with property, &amp;c. Continued to drive the enemy, with heavy skirmishing and artillery firing on both sides, so at night-fall the enemy was driven into his prepared trenches on a high ridge to the southeast of Cassville. At this point we made a junction with the Twentieth Corps, Major-General Hooker, and during the night the enemy again retreated, crossing the Etowah River, seven miles distant, burning the bridges behind him. Our loss not heavy.

We rested in camp at Cassville until May 23, when we marched across the Etowah River, to the right of the Atlanta road, and camped at Euharlee. May 24, marched to Burnt Hickory. May 25, advanced toward Dallas; crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek, rested in reserve in rear of Major-General Hooker's corps, while he had heavy fighting in front late in the evening. May 26, moved into position on left of Twentieth Corps, pressed close upon the enemy's lines, and fortified four miles north of Dallas. May 27, changed position to left, relieving General Wood's division. Close skirmishing all day. May 28, advanced, drove in the enemy's outposts, and fortified. May 29, advanced the battery to front line; heavy skirmishing; during the night the enemy attacked and was repulsed with heavy loss.

We continued the varied scenes, some changes in position, with heavy skirmishing, until the night of June 4, when the enemy withdrew from our front.

