
June 6, marched with the corps east ten miles to within two and a half miles of Acworth, on the railroad, where we remained with comparative quietness until June 10, when we moved three miles southeast and found the enemy in strong position on Pine Mountain in my front. Skirmishing commenced and continued until the night of June 13, when the enemy retreated and my brigade advanced upon the mountain early on the morning of June 14. On this mountain is where Bishop Polk, general of the rebel army, fell by a shot from the Fifth Indiana Artillery, Captain Simonson. The battery was in position at the front and right of my lines. We pursued the enemy two miles to his new position, and found him strongly fortified. June 16, advanced my lines of trenches, with hard skirmishing. On this day we had the sad misfortune to lose the brave and gallant officer, Captain Simonson, our chief of artillery. June 17, the enemy again withdrew; we pursued, Wood's division in front, with heavy skirmishing.

June 19, the enemy retired during the night; we pursued, my brigade in advance. After proceeding two miles we came upon the enemy upon the east side of a large farm. My lines were formed for an attack. The Ninth and Thirty-sixth Indiana and Eightieth and Eighty-fourth Illinois, in the front line, advanced, and drove the enemy from his position and into his fortifications upon Kenesaw Mountain and the adjacent hills. My loss was severe, particularly in officers; Lieutenant Bowman, Thirty-sixth Indiana, fell mortally wounded, bravely leading his men in the advance. June 20, contest continued, the enemy trying to hold and we to drive him from a swamp between our main trenches and his, in which we succeeded, but were compelled to abandon a portion of the ground, because of a destructive fire from the enemy's artillery, bearing thereon from their main works, and during the evening of this day the Ninth Indiana, afterward relieved by the Fifty-ninth Illinois, were moved across the creek to the right to assist the Second Brigade (General Whitaker). I have learned by the newspapers that the enemy made seven unsuccessful assaults on the lines of this brigade at this point. I will have to refer to the reports of Colonel Suman, Ninth Indiana, and Colonel Post, Fifty-ninth Illinois, for the facts in the premises, as they participated in whatever fighting took place. In these two days the losses in my command were very heavy. June 21, on this day I was ordered to send my rear regiments to the right of the division to support the First Brigade in an attack and critical position, and accordingly moved with the Eighty-fourth and Eightieth Illinois, Thirtieth Indiana, and Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania to the position indicated and placed in reserve. June 22, moved with my whole brigade during the afternoon and night two miles to the right to support and relieve a part of the Twentieth Corps; took position in close proximity to the enemy and fortified. June 23, was ordered and made an attack on the enemy's line, which was unsuccessful and with fearful loss to my skirmish line so heavily formed. Lieutenant Hendricks, Thirty-sixth Indiana, an accomplished young officer, fell dead in this attack, pierced by a minie-ball. June 24, 25, and 26, heavy firing at the enemy's intrenched position 450 yards distant. June 27, heavy assaults made upon the enemy's lines at various points. My command was in one line, all in the trenches, and was not to advance, yet suffered considerable loss. The assault failed with heavy loss to our arms. Heavy skirmishing and artillery firing kept up on both sides

