
until the night of July 2, when the enemy retreated under cover of the night and loosed their hold on Kenesaw Mountain and vacated Marietta. July 3, pursued the enemy early, my brigade in advance. The Fifty-ninth Illinois, the first to enter Marietta, found the enemy in the evening five miles from that place on the Atlanta road strongly intrenched. July 4, celebrated our national anniversary by a charge over a large corn-field, carried the enemy's outer works, capturing many prisoners, with a loss of 89 killed and wounded in my brigade, and held the position until night, under the cover of which the enemy withdrew four miles to the Chattahoochee River. Captain Hale, brigade officer of the day, of the Seventy-fifth Illinois, one of the best officers in the army, fell here. July 5, pursued the enemy (Wood's division in front) to the river.

Continued skirmishing until July 10. Marched five miles up the river. July 12, crossed the Chattahoochee; marched down the left bank, and encamped at Powers' Ferry, in front of the Twenty-third Corps, with our corps. Thirty-sixth Indiana commenced and built while here a trestle bridge over the river, which was completed on the 16th day of July. July 18, moved from Powers' Ferry with corps to near Buck Head, south seven miles. July 19, advanced across Peach Tree Creek, Seventy-fifth Illinois in advance. Skirmished and drove the enemy from the destroyed bridge and rebuilt the same. June 20, moved with division, Second Brigade in front; crossed south Peach Tree Creek and came upon the fortified position of the enemy. Went into position on the right of the Second Brigade, attacked the rifle-pits of the enemy, carried the same, taking 43 prisoners. July 21, advanced my lines, fortified, and skirmished all day. At night the enemy retreated. July 22, pursued the enemy at 3 a. m.; came upon him in his fortifications at sunrise in front of Atlanta, Ga., on the north two miles from the center of the city. Took position. The balance of the division came up on the left, Wood's division on the right. Here we intrenched, skirmished with the enemy daily, took up his picket-line twice, capturing the most of them, until July 27, Major-General Stanley being assigned to command the corps, I came in and assumed command of the division. August 5, relieved of command of the division and assigned as brigadier to the command of the brigade again. On this day, by orders from corps headquarters, the brigade attempted an assault on the enemy's lines and lost 36 men. Among them was the brave Captain Walker, of the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, and the gallant young officer, Lieutenant Willard, Thirty-sixth Indiana. August 22, marched at 3 a. m. with six regiments two miles to the left, struck the enemy's out picket-line, drove them, captured 8 prisoners, made a demonstration, and returned with small loss.

On the 15th of August the Eighty-fourth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Neff, was transferred into my brigade, and the Fifty-ninth Illinois into the Second Brigade. With frequent skirmishing and changes of lines and positions of regiments this brigade substantially remained at the same position in the siege of Atlanta from the morning of the 22nd of July until the night of the 25th of August. We received orders and marched to the right, seven miles south across Proctor's Creek, and rested until daylight on the morning of August 26, when, starting at 8 a. m., we moved with corps seven miles south across Utoy Creek and camped for the night. August 127, marched four miles south with the corps to Camp Creek and camped.

