
This presents the bitter of such a brilliant campaign and leaves many aching hearts, not only with families and friends at home, but these fallen heroes will ever be remembered and lamented by their comrades in arms, as the jewels sacrificed upon the altar of their country.

A change of provost-marshals inadvertently deranged the papers, so I am unable now to give an accurate list of the prisoners captured by my command during the campaign, but the probable number was about 500 to 600.

From my situation, I have been unable to have the reports of regimental commanders before me, and will respectfully refer to them, to be forwarded herewith, for more minute particulars, and for a list of casualties in their respective commands.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant, &amp;c.,

W. GROSE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 24.

Report of Colonel P. Sindeny Post, Fifty-ninth Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations July 27 - August 7.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of the Third Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, while under my command, from the 27th day of July to the 7th of August, 1864:

The brigade consisted of the following regiments: Eighty-fourth Regiment Illinois Infantry, commanded by Colonel Waters; Seventy-fifth Regiment Illinois Infantry, commanded by Colonel Bennett; Ninth Regiment Indiana Veteran Infantry, commanded by Colonel Suman; Seventy-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Infantry, commanded by Colonel Rose; Thirtieth Regiment Indiana Veteran Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Hurd; Thirty-sixth Regiment Indiana Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Carey; Fifty-ninth Regiment Illinois Veteran Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Hale; Eightieth Regiment Illinois Infantry, commanded by Major Stookey. The brigade occupied about three-quarters of a mile front in the intrenchments north of Atlanta.

On the 28th day of July, in accordance with orders received, I advanced the right of the skirmish line, consisting of details from all the regiments occupying and permanently holding part of the enemy's rifle-pits, and capturing 3 prisoners. On the 3rd day of August, having strengthened the skirmish line with two companies from the Eighty-fourth Regiment Illinois Infantry, I ordered an advance along the whole line, for the purpose of dislodging the enemy from their rifle-pits. This movement was concerted with the brigades on my right and left. The advance was most gallantly

