
Numbers 25.

Report of Colonel John E. Bennett, Seventy-fifth Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations September 4-8.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from headquarters First Division, Fourth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Third Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, in the recent campaign, since September 4, when I assumed command of the brigade, in accordance with orders from Brigadier-General Kimball, commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps.

September 4, on assuming command of the brigade I found it in position in front of the enemy, the right resting on the left of the Third Division. September 5, I received orders from headquarters First Division, Fourth Corps, to have my command in readiness to move at 8 p. m. to Jonesborough and take up the same position occupied on entering that place. The order for march: The Second Brigade, Colonel Taylor, first; the First, Brigade, Colonel Kirby, second; the Third Brigade, Colonel Bennett, third. The hour arriving my command was in readiness, moving with the column. I arrived at Jonesborough September 6 at 3 a. m. Owing to the darkness and great fatigue of my men, I asked permission of General Kimball to camp my command in front of the works built and occupied by my brigade on entering the town on September 1. It was granted, with instructions to occupy the works at early dawn, which was complied with. September 6, my command lay quiet all day, occupying the works; nothing unusual transpired. In the evening I received orders to have my command in readiness to move at 7 a. m. on the 7th instant. September 7, my command moved at 7 a. m. in the advance of the division, going into camp 3 p. m., near Rough and Ready Station. Nothing of note occurred during this day. In the evening I received orders to march at 7 a. m. on the morning of the 8th to Atlanta. September 8, my command moved at the hour appointed, following the First Brigade, Colonel Kirby. Arriving on the ground in rear of Atlanta, formerly occupied by a portion of the Army of the Tennessee, at 1 o'clock, I took position as directed by General Kimball, which ground is at present occupied by my command.

In the absence of General Grose I am unable to give a report prior to the date herein given.

No comments are needed on the officers and men composing this brigade for the few days they were committed to my order. Closing the campaign, I must say, with due respect to each and every one, that they performed their duties nobly, as men and soldiers.

An official report from General Grose, in combination with all the movements, will be forwarded as soon as received at these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. BENNETT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Fourth Corps.

