
Numbers 26.

Report of Colonel John E. Bennett, Seventy-fifth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FIFTH ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from headquarters Third Brigade, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers in the recent campaign resulting in the capture of the city of Atlanta:

On the morning of May 3, 1864, in obedience to the order of Colonel William Grose, commanding brigade, this regiment marched from Blue Springs, Tenn., in the direction of Red Clay, Ga., at which place the command went into camp for the night. At 6 a. m. the next day moved toward Dalton, and in the afternoon formed line of battle and bivouacked near Catoosa Springs. Again, on the morning of the 7th, moved to Tunnel Hill, formed line of battle, and advanced upon the enemy, who were behind works, but they soon evacuated them, leaving our troops in possession of the town and works. At an early hour the next morning, May 8, this regiment advanced in front line down the valley, driving in the rebel skirmishers till with range of the enemy, who was strongly intrenched on Rocky Face Ridge. This regiment was only engaged occasionally at skirmishing till the morning of 13th of May, when it was ascertained that the enemy had evacuated. A company of this regiment which was on picket advanced and occupied the enemy's works and joined the column moving through the town of Dalton. A short distance south of the town we came upon the rear guard of the retreating foe, who were shelling our advance. This regiment was thrown forward as skirmishers and captured a rebel captain. At night went into camp about eight miles south of Dalton. At early dawn on the morning of May 14 advanced toward Resaca. At noon came upon the enemy in force. One company was deployed as skirmishers; capture 1 prisoner and drive back the enemy to his works; 1 man was killed and 2 badly wounded. At daylight on the morning of the 15th the Thirtieth Indiana relieves this regiment from front line. At about noon the men sling knapsacks and move on double-quick to support the front line, while all along the line is a heavy engagement. The enemy having evacuated, on the morning of the 16th, we receive orders to move; pass through the works of the enemy to Resaca. Here we halt for dinner, then move on and camp four miles south of the town. The next day we pass through Calhoun. At the town of Adairsville the enemy holds his position till darkness again gives him an opportunity to escape. 18th, pass through Adairsville. On the 19th again came upon the enemy. One company is deployed as skirmishers, who push forward, driving the enemy before them, till near the town of Cassville; 1 sergeant is seriously wounded. At night form line and build works. Here we rest until noon of May 23, when we are moving southward; cross the Etowah River, and encamp about three miles south of it. The next day move on through mud and woods and rain and reach Burnt Hickory Ridge at about 2 a. m. of the 24th. The next morning at 9.30 have orders to move. We push on toward Dallas, while we hear heavy firing. Form line of battle, the Seventy-fifth in second line, and take no active part till the 27th May, the regiment has a sharp skirmish; 1 man is wounded. Soon

