
after daylight we are relieved to take a new position at the left. Strengthen the works and lay behind them till June 1, when we move one-fourth mile to the left. While getting into position have 1 man wounded. Here again we strengthen works and remain in them, doing only picket duty. One man killed on the 4th of June. On the morning of the 5th the enemy had again evacuated and we follow toward Acworth and go into camp near the town and remain till the morning of June 10. We march in a drenching rain about four miles, come upon the enemy, form line, and build temporary works. At daylight the regiment moves to the front; have 1 man wounded. Again, on June 15, we find no enemy in our front. In the afternoon, having come upon the enemy, the Seventy-fifty Illinois Volunteers move in second line, joining the Eightieth Illinois on the left and Ninetieth Ohio on the right. At night on the 16th this regiment, under cover of the darkness, make good works on the skirmish line, but the next morning, the 17th, leave them and move forward to occupy those of the enemy, which he has evacuated. This regiment is in reserve till the 19th June. After moving through the abandoned works of the enemy on that day one company is sent forward as skirmishers, boldly charge across a cleared field, killing, capturing, and driving a heavy line of skirmishers from their works, with the loss of 4 men seriously wounded. On the 21st of June this regiment is relieved by a portion of the Fourteenth Army Corps from the skirmish line and take a new position and, in a drenching rain, are hard at work, when the enemy opens a terrific fire of artillery from three different directions. A number of the shells pass through our uncompleted works, wounding 4 men. On the 22nd the works are strengthened and occupied. At this point the line were so far advanced that the battery of the enemy sent the missiles directly at the left flank of the regiment. We were compelled to lie under this galling fire, having 1 man killed and 1 badly wounded. On June 23 the Fourteenth Army Corps relieves this part of the Fourth Army Corps, the latter taking position about two miles to the right. Sent one company on picket, who drive back the rebel skirmishers. The enemy then charge on this line with a line of battle, compelling our line to retire to its old position, with the loss of 1 first sergeant captured. On the 24th of June this regiment relieves the Thirtieth Indiana from the front line. Send one company on picket. We were so close to the main works of the enemy that no part of a person's body could be exposed above the works only as a mark for the rebel sharpshooters. Second Lieutenant Richard L. Mangan, Company D, receives gunshot wound, causing amputation of left leg. The casualties of that day were 3 men wounded and 2 killed. On the morning of June 27 our forces are massed for an assault on the works of the enemy in our immediate front, this division (the First) remaining in position for any emergency. July 3, in obedience of brigade commander, this regiment marched toward Marietta, passing the town at about noon. At night we again came upon the enemy, form line, build temporary works in an exposed position, and had 3 men wounded. On the morning of the 4th of July the two armies are facing each other, ours in readiness for the attack. At about 10 a. m. one company, under command Lieutenant James H. Blodgett, Company E, was sent forward as support to the skirmish line, which was to charge in a cleared field. After advancing about one-half mile to a ravine, the whole line halted to dress it. At this time it

