
was in close proximity to the first line of the enemy, who were behind good works, when the order was given by the brigade commander for the front line of skirmishers to move forward to renew the attack. For some reason, the men did not proceed. At the command given to Lieutenant Blodgett by the brave Captain Hale,

Company I, who was on duty as brigade officer of the day, the company from the Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers took the advance, and on double-quick charged on the rifle-pits of the enemy, killing and capturing nearly all of the enemy in them. Only one man left the Seventy-fifth skirmish company, and he to conduct to the rear the prisoners. The number of prisoners taken cannot be correctly stated, as little notice was taken of disarmed men or of anything but to obey the orders of the commanding officers. All the ground gained was stubbornly held. The regiment lost 7 wounded, and Captain Robert Hale, of Company I, killed. At daylight on July 5 we find the works of the enemy evacuated, and were in readiness to move toward the Chattahoochee River. We go into camp on the right bank at 4 p. m. Here the command rests, only doing picket duty, till the 10th July. One man was wounded on the 7th by a shot from the enemy on the opposite bank. On the 11th of July we move up the river, cross it. On the 12th go into camp, wait orders till 18th of July, when at daylight again ready to march. At 2 a. m. July 19 receive orders from brigade commander to move out as a reconnoitering party on the Decatur road as far as Peach Tree Creek. Two companies were sent in advance of the column. They reached creek at about 9 a. m., and placed two sentinels on the opposite side. At this point no enemy was discovered. Two mounted men, wearing the uniform of U. S. soldiers, advanced within a few rods of these sentinels and refused to obey their orders. When ordered to halt, wheeled and rode off at a rapid rate. The sentinels discharged their pieces, wounding both of the men. The regiment was entirely without support, the troops of the Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, having marched to the rear on the Atlanta road. Company A, commanded by Captain Parker, was placed on picket on this road, and discovered the enemy in force on the south bank of Peach Tree Creek, making works. A few shots were exchanged, but no attempt to advance was made until the balance of the Third Brigade joined us. The whole command then crossed the creek, formed line, and make good works. On the 20th the Eighth Kansas Volunteers take our place; we move to the left, take position in second line; have 1 man killed. On July 21 change position; 1 man of the picket company is wounded. At 3 a. m. July 22 aroused for move. At daylight pass through the enemy's works. After a short march come within sight of the city of Atlanta. A company of skirmishers, commanded [by] Lieutenant P. S. Bannister, Company C, moved forward and drive the enemy into his works. Sergt. Martin L. Johnson, Company I, was killed, and 2 other men wounded. On the 24 of July Captain William S. Frost, Company E, while in command of the picket company, was wounded in leg. On the 26th of July the Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers moves into position on the front line at the extreme left of the Fourth Army Corps. The regiment does not change position until on August 25 at 11 p. m. it moves with the army on the last grand flank movement of Major-General Sherman, by which the city of Atlanta fell into Federal hands. I was detailed as corps officer of the day, and to me was committed

