
the difficult and important task of drawing in the pickets of the corps and covering the movement, a duty which I accomplished without the loss of a single man.

The regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Kilgour, was put on picket on the morning of the 26th and covered the movement of troops south from the suburbs of the city on that morning. Shortly after daylight the regiment while on picket was opened on by heavy artillery from a fort on the southwest side of the city, and soon after the enemy appeared in sight, moving out to the attack in line of battle,with skirmishers in advance, driving before them the Eighty-first Indiana Volunteers, who were also on picket deployed on our right. The Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers was immediately moved to the support of the Eighty-first Indiana Volunteers and held the rebels in check until a regiment of the First Brigade (the Thirty-eighth Illinois) came to our assistance, when the enemy was driven from the field toward the city in confusion. In this skirmish we captured 1 prisoner, killed 2, and wounded 2 of the enemy. Major James A. Watson, Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers, rendered efficient services in this affair. This regiment continued with the brigade until the 28th, when we formed line of battle and took position on the Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad, which, on the morning of the 29th, we proceeded to destroy. Three regiments were placed under my command, to wit, Seventy-fifth Illinois Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-colonel Kilgour, performing their portion of the work to the satisfaction of their division commander. On the 30th moved with the brigade, the Seventy-fifth Illinois in the advance of the whole division, to the junction of the dirt road to East Point, where the regiment was placed on picket and to act as rear guard to the division after it had passed that point. On August 31 moved with the column till 10 a. m., when the enemy were discovered in front, when we formed line, and after a sharp skirmish the enemy were driven from their works, and the column moved on in the direction of the Macon and Atlanta Railroad. September 1, at 1 a. m. the regiment moved to the left of the corps under orders from the brigade commander. I was also ordered to take charge of the pioneers of the division, and proceed to tear up and destroy the Macon and Atlanta Railroad, which was accomplished in the most thorough manner. Continued to move south on the railroad, destroying it as we moved, till 4 p. m., when we formed line on the left of the Fourteenth Army Corps, at Jonesborough. We advanced under a sharp fire of artillery and musketry, driving the enemy till dark, losing 1 wounded, shot through the lung. During the night the enemy evacuated Jonesborough. On the morning of the 2nd moved south and found the enemy in position in force at Loveyoy's Station; formed line and moved into action at 3 p. m. We steadily advanced in line of battle, driving the enemy three-quarters of a mile, till within reach of their works. I was then ordered to form my regiment to move across and open field and take a hill or eminence from the enemy, which was the key to their position and which commanded the enemy's main line of works. This movement was executed under the eyes of both brigade (General Grose) and division (General Kimball) commanders, and was performed under a most terrific fire of artillery and musketry, the regiment moving with precision and alacritv leaving none behind,

