
except the dead and wounded. The hill was gallantry carried and firmly held, as well as the first line of the enemy's works, capturing nearly the whole force of their skirmishers in front of the regiment. The skirmishers under Lieutenant Blodgett, Company E, performed well their part. Two men of this force, Draper S. Angell, Company H, and John Nass, Company E, capturing and taking to the rear 8 prisoners. We held this position till 7 a. m. on the morning of the 3d, when we were relieved by the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. On the 4th moved to Jonesborough, on the 6th to Cedar Bluffs, and on the 7th to our present camp on the Decatur railroad east of the city of Atlanta.

During this long, wearisome campaign the officers and men were ever eager to obey all orders of their superior officers, doing their fully duty at all times as patriot soldiers. Not an exception can be mentioned.

In the death of Captain Robert Hale, Company I, the regiment has lost one of its best officers, the country a valiant and patriotic soldier. He was respected and beloved by all who knew him, brave and fearless. He was wounded at Fort Donelson, again twice at Stone's River, and received his mortal wound on the 4th of July. He died as he had lived, a Christian soldier and a gentleman.

Herewith I inclose a list of the casualties during the campaign which is as follows: Commissioned officers - killed, 1; wounded, 4. Enlisted men - killed, 11; wounded, 59, total, 75.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. BENNETT,

Colonel, Commanding Seventy-fifth Illinois Vols.

Captain H. W. LAWTON,

Act. Asst. Insp. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 27.

Report of Major James M. Stookey, Fifty-ninth Illinois Infantry, commanding Eightieth Illinois Infantry, of operations June 7 - September 8.
HDQRS. EIGHTIETH Regiment ILLINOIS INFTY. VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 12, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders received from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Eightieth Regiment of Illinois Infantry Volunteers during the late campaign, from the 7th of June (when I assumed command, in compliance with orders from headquarters Third Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps) up to present date:

From the 7th of June to the 9th the regiment remained in bivouac near Acworth, Ga. On the 10th, at 8 a. m., marched in advance of brigade until ordered by General Grose to report to General Stanley, who directed me to take a position on the right of the Fifth Indiana Battery, as support for it, connecting the left of my skirmish line with the right of the Fourteenth Army Corps. I did so, and found that I was immediately in front of Pine Mountain. At night built works in my position. From 11th to 13th, inclusive, remained in works.

