
On 14th, at 6 p. m., moved 300 yards to the left and front into old works, which it was found necessary to strengthen, while the left wing had to build new works. On the 15th marched into enemy's works on Pine Mountain, following Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteer Infantry. Halted and remained there until afternoon, then advanced by the flank a short distance, when we were formed in double column on the center, the Ninth Indiana on my right, and the Eighty-Fourth Illinois on my left. advanced to the skirmish line, which was engaged, and, deploying the line, moved forward under fire and built works near enemy's works. During night my right wing had to give up its works for a battery and formed in rear. On 16th remained in same position all day, part of the time under heavy artillery fire. At daylight of 17th marched into enemy's deserted works and formed in line on the right of Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteers. By other troops passing us we soon became the rear line. In afternoon advanced and formed in line in reserve, with the Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteers on my right. On 18th remained in reserve.

On 19th marched through the enemy's evacuated works, following the Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteers. After marching one and one-half miles came up to rebel skirmish line. Company D, and a portion of K, were deployed as skirmishers, and the regiment was formed on left of brigade, my right connecting with Eighty-fourth Illinois. Advanced on the enemy's lines, driving them steadily before us across fields, swollen streams, and through brush till we came up to a hill in front of Kenesaw Mountain, where I built strong works. At dark advanced 250 yards over an open field and built works in good musket-range of the enemy's works, still on the left of the brigade, my right connecting with the Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteers. The loss during the day from the skirmish company of thirty men was heavy, being 2 killed and 7 wounded. We captured 20 prisoners. On 20th remained in our works. Had to build traverses to protect the regiment from an enfilading fire of artillery which lasted all day and was very heavy at times. Some of the enemy's shells passed through my works. Two men were wounded during the day, 1, however, from the premature explosion of one of our own shells. At dark were relieved by Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, and went back to rear of brigade headquarters. While retiring had 1 man mortally wounded. On afternoon of the 21st marched in rear of Thirtieth Indiana, one mile to the right, to the support of the First Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, and formed on the left of the Thirtieth Indiana in second line of works, which we strengthened. Had 2 men wounded. Remained in works till dark of the 22d, and then, following the Thirtieth Indiana, marched one mile to the right. Formed as reserve line for the Eighty-fourth Illinois and built good strong works. On 27th, at 3 a. m., marched to the front line and formed on the left of the Eighty-fourth Illinois in good works, and held them during the charge which was made on that day by a portion of the Second Division, Fourth Army Corps. In the afternoon returned to our position as reserve line of the Eighty-fourth Illinois. Had 2 killed and 2 wounded on that day. Remained there during the 28th and 29th. On the 30th, at dark, marched to the right of brigade in front line and connected my left with Thirty-sixth Indiana.

