
On 1st of July remained in our works under an artillery fire. On 2nd was under fire during day, and at dark marched to left, and in reserve line of brigade. Marched at daylight of the 3rd in rear of Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, through the enemy's evacuated works, passing near Marietta, Ga. In the evening formed in line in front of the enemy on left of brigade, my right connecting with Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania, and built works. My skirmish company during the day captured 6 prisoners. We marched during the day four miles. On the 4th, at 10 a. m., I was ordered by Colonel Grose to take the enemy's rifle-pits in my front. I was given my points of direction, and was ordered to take my regiment out in front of the works, and when the brigade began to advance, I was to charge in supporting distance of the skirmish line. The regiment advanced in line over an open field under a heavy fire in good order, and capturing the rifle-pits, built works where they had been. My loss during the day was 1 killed and 14 wounded. First Sergeant Weyrick, commanding my company of skirmishers, being wounded early in the day, First Sergeant Maxey took command and captured 30 prisoners.

The rebels having fallen back during the night, marched at 10 a. m. of the next day on the railroad track, following the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania to Chattahoochee River, seven miles, where we went into bivouac. From the 6th to 9th, inclusive, remained in bivouac. At noon of the 10th marched with brigade up the Chattahoochee six miles. On 11th remained in bivouac. Marched at daylight on the 12th with brigade across the river and bivouacked near Powers' Ferry, Ga. From 13th to 17th, inclusive, remained in bivouac. On 18th marched to Buck Head, six miles. On 19th marched with brigade to Peach Tree Creek, my regiment remaining on north side of creek to protect the flank of the brigade. On 20th, by direction of General Grose, crossed Peach Tree Creek and took advance of brigade, and soon came up with the enemy. Regiment formed in front line, under fire of the enemy, on the left of brigade, my left connecting with the Second Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps. In the evening my skirmish line captured some prisoners. At dark I built line of works on front line under fire.

On 21st advanced my right wing and built works, and at night cut down timber in front. Advanced at daylight of the 22d, the enemy having fallen back. Came within view of Atlanta, and found the enemy. I was then placed in reserve. On 23d, 24th, and 25th remained in reserve. On 26th was moved by General Grose to the front line, the Thirty-sixth Indiana on my right, and Thirtieth Indiana on my left. From 27th of July to the 19th of August, inclusive, remained in trenches, some men being wounded occasionally by artillery or on the skirmish line during that time. On 20th, at 3.30 a. m., by direction of General Grose, I followed the Ninth Indiana around to the left, crossed Atlanta and Augusta Railroad, where our skirmishers met the enemy's pickets, and we were ordered to their support. Marched in line, connecting my right with the Ninth Indiana, and occupying old works, held them, listing 2 men wounded. In afternoon returned to the works we had left in the morning. From 21st to 24th, inclusive, remained in works. Some wounded on skirmish line. On 25th marched at dark, following the Thirtieth Indiana. Withdrew from our works and marched around to the left. Bivouacked for the night after marching six miles. On 26th marched at 10 a. m.; skirmishing in our rear. Regiment marched as flankers for a short time, and then marched in road.

