
Traveled six miles during day. On 27th marched to Camp Creek, where the regiment went on picket duty. On 28th marched in advance of brigade five miles and bivouacked for the night. On 31st marched one mile, when we came upon the enemy. Regiment was formed in second line on left of Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania for a short time, and then advanced by the flank, the enemy having been driven. Bivouacked for the night near the Macon and Western Railroad, having marched during the day six miles. On 1st of September marched, following Thirtieth Indiana, to Macon railroad, on which we proceeded in the direction of Jonesborough, taring up the track in four different places the length of the regiment. In the evening advanced in line under fire half mile through heavy brush nearly p to the enemy's works. During the night built works. On 2nd marched into rebels' evacuated works at daylight, and by 8 a. m. were pursuing in the direction of Lovejoy's Station. In the afternoon formed in line on the left of the Thirtieth Indiana, and advanced over an open field under heavy artillery fire half a mile, where we halted near Lovejoy's Station and built works on reserve line. Lost 2 men killed and 4 wounded. On 3rd and 4th remained in works. On 7th marched to the vicinity of Rough and Ready Station, ten miles. On 8th marched at 7 a. m., following Thirtieth Indiana, to our present camp near Atlanta.

Since I assumed command the regiment has lost 15 killed and 46 wounded. During the campaign, 22 killed and 64 wounded; none captured.

The officers and men of this regiment have conducted themselves bravely and patiently, enduring all manner of hardship during this campaign, and in no instance have I noticed any act of cowardice or skulking. On the contrary, I have observed feats of heroism worthy of special mention in several cases.

Lieutenant Daniel McKenzie, with Company D, and detail from Company K, on 19th of June, on skirmish line, drove the enemy from fortified positions and crossed the stream at the foot of Kenesaw Mountain, and ordered a line of battle to surrender, but being answered by a volley, was compelled to fall back with a loss of 2 killed and 7 wounded out of a company of thirty.

The skirmish, commanded by First Sergeant Weyrick, and after he was wounded, by First Sergeant Maxey, drove more rebels from behind the works than they had in their line, with a loss of 1 killed and 5 wounded. Corpl. Isaac C. Smith, Company H, mounted one pit, and captured 3 prisoners single handed.

My adjutant, James B. Newman, was very promptly in obeying and having all orders executed under all circumstances, thus rendering me great assistance. My chaplain, John W. Lane, has been with the regiment during the campaign, ever ready for his duty in front line, as well as reserve. Captain James Cunningham received valuable service as acting field officer.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. STOOKEY,

Major 59th Illinois Vols., Commanding 80th Illinois Vols.

Captain H. W. LAWTON,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 4th Army Corps.

18 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT I

