
Numbers 28.

Report of Colonel Isaac C. B. Suman, Ninth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. NINTH INDIANA VETERAN VOL INFTY.,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders I submit the following report as to the part taken by my regiment in the late campaign, commencing May 3, 1864, and ending September 5, 1864:

Left camp, Blue Springs, Tenn., May 3, 1864, and marched in the direction of Dalton, Ga.; reached Red Clay and encamped for the night. Reached Catoosa Springs at 2 p. m. May 4; remained at the above place all day of the 5th of May. On the morning of the 6th moved half a mile to the right and fortified. Marched at 5 o'clock on the morning of the 7th due south; reached Tunnel Hill at 2 p. m., and there encamped for the night. May 8, moved forward about four miles; there was some skirmishing, and the enemy were driven through the gap leading to Dalton; remained in camp the rest of the day and night. May 9, remained in position until 2 p. m., when we moved three or four miles to the right, where we pitched our tents and encamped for the night. May 10, remained in camp until evening, when the whole brigade went on picket in the pass. Remained on picket all day of the 11th, and worked all night fortifying. May 12, still on the front line; we had some lively skirmishing. Company C had 1 man killed, and 2 wounded; were relieved at night from picket and commenced fortifying. The morning of the 13th found the enemy gone; the brigade moved out, my regiment in the advance; met with but little resistance until we reached the vicinity of Dalton. My regiment forming the left of the advance, we charged the enemy about 12 m., who were posted on a hill, with two pieces artillery, and were successful in driving them, with only 1 man wounded in the regiment. We then marched eight miles south of Dalton, and encamped for the night. On the 14th we followed the enemy in the direction of Resaca, and found them about five miles this side; passed the rest of the day in fortifying; built a line of works on a hill overlooking the enemy's position; kept up a brisk firing from works all day, with the loss of 3 men killed and 4 wounded. May 16, the enemy having evacuated Resaca on the night of the 15th we started in pursuit and followed the enemy about ten miles. My regiment captured 72 of the enemy, including 2 commissioned officers. May 17, marched to within two miles of Adairsville on duty as train guard. May 18, followed the enemy seven miles in the direction of Kingston, and encamped for the night. On the 19th drove the enemy about ten miles, passing through the village of Kingston and encamped within one mile of Cassville, Ga. Our division was in front and had considerable skirmishing. May 20, built a line of works in front of the position we occupied the night before, and remained there during the day. May 21 and 22, still in camp near Cassville, Ga. May 23, left camp near Cassville at 1.30 p. m.; we reached Cartersville at 10 p. m. and encamped for the night. Moved on the morning of the 24th at 6 a. m., and marched nearly all day in a southerly direction, crossing the Etowah River about 4 p. m.; marched about eight miles and encamped for the night. May 25, left camp at 6 o'clock and marched about five miles in a southerly

