
direction, reaching camp about 10 p. m. May 26, left camp at 9.30 a. m., and marched in a southeasterly direction. We hastened to re-enforce General Hooker. The enemy having made a stand near Dallas, Cobb County, Ga., formed in line of battle about 7 p. m., and encamped for the night. May 27, the skirmishing commenced early this morning, and my regiment threw up a line of works; afterward were moved to the left, and took position on the front line, where we built another line of works. Casualties, 1 man killed and 1 wounded. Remained on front line during the night. May 28, still on the front line. May 29, hold the same position during the day and night, as yesterday; 1 man wounded. May 30, still occupy the same works; nothing but the usual skirmish firing; 1 man wounded. May 31, still in the same works; very heavy skirmishing, but no general engagement. June 1, moved before daylight this morning one mile to the left, and relieved a part of General Whitaker's brigade. June 2, held the same position during day and night. June 3, still in same works. June 4, moved one-half mile to the left, and relieved one of General Whitaker's regiments on the front line. June 5, the enemy evacuated our front early this morning, our skirmishers occupying their works; we moved over the works and encamped for the night. June 6, marched at 6 a. m. in direction of the railroad, and encamped about three miles from Acworth. June 7, cleaned up camp and arranged tents in proper order. June 8, still in camp; nothing of importance transpired. June 9, remained quiet in camp all day and night. June 10, struck tents at 6 a. m. and marched about three miles in a southerly direction; came up with the enemy and formed line of battle, and encamped for the night. June 11, occupied the same position throughout the day; no fighting of consequence in our front. June 12, still hold the same position as yesterday; nothing but skirmishing through the day. June 13, remained in the same place throughout the day; nothing but the usual picket-firing in our front. June 14, moved one-half mile to the left, and encamped for the night. June 15, the enemy evacuated our front early this morning and were immediately followed, my regiment in advance of the division. After marching nearly three miles Company A came upon the enemy; it being deployed as skirmishers, we drove the enemy about one mile farther, when we stooped and built a line of works, and remained in them during the night. Casualties during the day, 2 men severely wounded. June 16, occupy the same position we held last evening, during the day and night. June 17, the enemy evacuated our front some time during the night, and were immediately followed by our troops; only their left gave way that evening. Our line of battle was nearly at right angles with that of last evening, General Wood's division in front. June 18, we were in reserve during the day; the enemy were driven considerable distance by General Wood's division. June 19, the enemy left our front during the night, and were soon after followed by our brigade, my regiment in advance of the brigade. We drove the enemy some two miles, built a line of works, and bivouacked for the night. Casualties in regiment, 3 men killed and 11 wounded. June 20, held the position occupied by us last night on the front line; during the afternoon advanced our lines farther to the front and built another line of works; were relieved in the evening by the Fifty-ninth Illinois. Casualties during the day in Ninth Regiment were 13 killed and wounded. Captain and Lieutenant Hodsden were among the wounded. June

