
21, moved one mile to the right; the Third Brigade, in the rear, moved still farther to the right; encamped for the night; the enemy were driven a considerable distance to-day. June 22, moved to the right at about 5 p. m. and relieved a brigade of Hooker's corps; built a line of works during the night. June 23, held the same position as the night before; kept up a constant fire with the enemy all day. Casualties during day, 1 man killed, 1 officer and 2 men wounded. June 24, still hold the position occupied by us yesterday; no fighting of importance during the day. June 25, in same works as yesterday; nothing but regular picket-firing occurred; 1 man killed. June 26, all quiet during the day; still occupy the same works. June 27, still on front line; were relieved at dark by the Fifty-ninth Illinois and retired to the rear line. June 28, remained in second line; quite brisk skirmishing during the night; regiment was inspected in the afternoon. June 30, still remain in second line; no fighting in our front; regiment was mustered to-day.

July 1, hold the same position on the second line. Nothing of importance transpired until evening, when a brisk cannonading was opened along our lines and continued a considerable time. July 2, remained in second line until evening, when the left wing moved to the front line, and one company was sent out for picket. July 3, the enemy evacuated our front during the night, and [his works] were soon after occupied by our troops. We followed them through Marietta and three miles beyond, where they again made a stand. We encamped for the night. July 4, there was considerable fighting during the day. Our brigade charged over an open field, driving the rebel handsomely, and captured a number of prisoners. We held our lines and constructed works. My regiment built three separate lines of works during the day. Relieved the Fifty-ninth Illinois on the front line just after dark, and worked all night on the works partially constructed by them. Our loss during the day was 1 officer and 9 privates wounded. July 5, the enemy evacuated our front during the night. We followed them closely to the Chattahoochee River, where they again made a stand. We took position on a hill overlooking the river and encamped for the night. July 6, remained in camp all day; nothing transpired in our front. July 7, arranged camp in proper order and prepared for a fee day's rest. July 8, still resting quietly in camp; moved about three miles up the river. July 9, 10, and 11, remained quietly in camp. July 12, moved across and some two miles down the Chattahoochee River, and again went into camp, our right resting on the river and running at right angles with it. Built a line of log works in front of the regiment. July 13, 14, 15, 16, and 17, lay quietly in camp in same position. July 18, left camp at 6 a. m. and marched five miles in a southeasterly direction, when we encamped for the night. July 10, marched to Peach Tree Creek, about three miles, over which we rebuilt a bridge which the enemy partially destroyed on their retreat. At dark we moved across the creek and encamped for the night. July 20, moved about three miles and took position on the front line. Forty-three of the enemy were captured by our skirmish line, in charge of Lieutenant Drullinger. Built two lines of works. July 21, occupied the position gained yesterday, but moved forward some distance in the forenoon and built another line of works, which we held during the day. July 22, the enemy evacuated our front during the night. Our brigade

