
started in pursuit at 4 a. m., capturing 15 of the enemy. Found them in force within three miles of Atlanta. Formed in line and built works. July 23, occupied the position we fortified yesterday. July 24, 25, 26, and 27, remained in our position. Strengthened our fortifications. No fighting of importance in our front. July 28, 29, 30, and 31, things remained unchanged in our front.

August 1 and 2, nothing of importance occurred on our front during the last two days. August 3, our skirmish line was advanced this afternoon, charging that of the enemy and capturing 30 prisoners, but they massed their forces and compelled ours to fall back. Our loss slight. August 4, all quiet in our front to-day. August 5, skirmishers advanced and tried to drive in or capture the rebel skirmish line, but failed. No loss in regiment. August 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10, all quiet in our front during these days. August 11, demonstration made on the picket-line by firing from rifle-pits; otherwise all quiet during the day. August 12 and 13, all quiet except occasional artillery firing. August 14, very heavy cannonading all night on our lines, the enemy replying but little. August 15 and 15, all quiet in our front. August 17, lines were extended to the left; the right did not move. A foraging party went out from the regiment and 2 of its members were captured. August 18, the enemy opened very briskly with siege guns and continued for nearly an hour. Our regiment went to the outer works and remained until dark. Received orders at midnight to move at early daylight to the front, but did not move. August 19, at midnight received orders to march to the left on a reconnaissance. At 3.30 a. m. of the 20th moved as ordered, our regiment in the advance. Found the rebels quite numerous three miles from camp, skirmished with them nearly two hours, and drove them one-half mile. Casualties in our regiment were Major Carter slightly and 2 privates of Company B mortally [wounded]. All was quiet during the rest of the day. August 21, 22, 23, and 24, all quiet except some cannonading in our front. August 25, marched nearly all night to the right; met with no resistance. August 26, marched nearly all day to the right; non-veterans left for home. August 27, marched until 2 p. m. Pitched camp near New Hope Church; skirmish firing along the lines. August 28, marched until dark. August 29, all quiet; marched but a short distance. August 30, crossed the West Point railroad; marched south of Atlanta; regiment went on picket at night. August 31, regiment on picket; artillery shelling the enemy; no fighting.

September 1, marched south on the Macon railroad and was engaged in tearing up and burning track nearly all day. During the engagement in the evening the regiment had 8 men slightly wounded. September 2, enemy evacuated Jonesborough, Ga., and retreated south. We followed closely and found him strongly intrenched near Lovejoy's Station. Charged the enemy's works, but did not succeed in taking them. Heavy firing ceased at dark; nothing but picket-firing during the night. September 3, artillery firing all day; regiment lay in the trenches until dark, and then moved to the front line, relieving the Eighty-fourth Illinois and Eighty-fourth Indiana. Skirmishing all night. September 4, nothing but skirmish firing in our front; 1 man killed. September 5, skirmish firing very heavy; heavy cannonading toward night; 1 man mortally wounded. Commenced falling back at 7.30 p. m. Marched all night and reached Jonesborough at dawn of day, distance of five miles. September 6, rested at Jonesborough during the day. September 7, moved from

