
Jonesborough at 8.30 a. m.; camped for the night seven miles from Atlanta. September 8, marched seven miles, passing through Atlanta, Ga., and encamped two miles east of town.

I might here mentioned many daring and gallant acts of officers and men of my regiment, but every officer was at his post discharging his duty.

I will here mention a few individual acts of gallantry of two enlisted men, Privates Moran and Wade, who on the morning of July 4 captured 11 rebels out of their rifle-pits; and on the evening of July 20 Sergeant Kennedy and Childs, with twenty men, captured 43 rebels from their picket-line and 1 commissioned officer. Many other daring acts of gallantry I might mention if time would permit.

The medical staff of my regiment was always found at their posts, ready and willing to alleviate the sufferings of the wounded of all regiments. Too much praise cannot be given them for their unceasing labors.

I am pained to record the detach of Captain D. C. Hodsden, who was wounded before Kenesaw Mountain.

Major Carter and all the line officers of the regiment have my warmest thanks for their untiring services from the commencement of the campaign.

The regiment lost 28 killed and 83 wounded and 2 missing, and the regiment captured from the enemy 5 commissioned officers and 288 enlisted men and several hundred stand of small-arms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. C. B. SUMAN,

Colonel Ninth Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

[Captain H. W. LAWTON.]

Numbers 29.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Orrin D. Hurd, Thirtieth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTIETH Regiment INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 13, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with communication received, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the recent campaign:

I joined the regiment with the veterans returning from furlough on the 6th day of May, 1864, near Tunnel Hill, Ga., which I believe was the commencement of the campaign. On the morning of the 7th of May my regiment moved with brigade in a southern direction a distance of four miles, our advance skirmishing continually with the enemy, and driving him to a position near Tunnel Station, where we formed in order of battle and bivouacked for the night, nothing of importance transpiring in which I had part. Next morning, the 8th of May, I was ordered to take position different from that which I held during the night, and in the general line. The line being formed, my regiment was formed in rear of the center of the brigade as supporting column. Here I lay until the next morning, 9th, at 8 o'clock, when I was ordered to move with the Eighty-fourth Illinois, Colonel Waters commanding, to the right and base

