
of Rocky Face Ridge, where I again formed in order of battle on left of Eighty-fourth Illinois. From here I sent forward, agreeably to orders, a heavy skirmish line under command of Captain William Dawson, acting major of the regiment, with orders to force the enemy back as far as possible. The order was promptly obeyed, my line occupying a position within 150 yards of his works. I remained here until about 4.30 p. m., when I was ordered to the right along the base of the ridge to Mill Creek Gap. the skirmish line at the same time moving on parallel line with the line of battle. Captain Dawson, commanding skirmishers, finding the enemy was following him, was compelled to halt and hold his position until relived by the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, after which I formed on the left of the Ninety-sixth Illinois, of the Second Brigade. At 7 p. m. the enemy attacked our line at Mill Creek Gap. I was ordered by Major-General Stanley in person to form my regiment on the left of the Eighty-fourth Illinois, and send forward skirmishers. This being done, the whole line was ordered to advance. But a short distance was passed over when the line was again halted and remained about one and a half hours, when my regiment [was] ordered to the position it held the night previous.

On the morning of the 10th, having received orders, I joined the brigade, which had moved some distance from its position. After joining brigade I was ordered to move to Mill Creek Gap, where I took position on the crest of the hill in the second line, the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania on my left. Here I remained until the morning of the 13th, when I moved with the brigade into Dalton, the enemy having evacuated that place. Upon arriving in Dalton my regiment, with Seventy-fifth Illinois, was detached from the brigade and moved tot he left across the railroad for the purpose of dislodging one of the enemy's batteries which was there in position. I sent forward two companies (A and B) of my regiment as skirmishers, and after dislodging the battery and advancing one mile, the skirmishers came in contact with the enemy's cavalry, 300 strong, which they put to flight, capturing a horse and wounding several men. Halting a short time, we again fell back and joined the column, when the march was again resumed. After moving some two miles, I took position for the night on the railroad. I moved again at sunrise in the morning with brigade, and arrived in front of the enemy's works at Resaca at 2 p. m. When I again formed in order of battle, skirmishers were at once thrown forward and engaged the enemy, driving him back some 500 yards. My regiment was now ordered to the right and front, taking position on a rise of ground, my right connecting with the left of General Wood's division, which position I held until 8 p. m., when I was ordered to fall back to a hollow in my rear, and send forward two companies with my pioneers to build works. At daylight I moved into the works, my right joined by the Eighty-fourth Illinois and left by Thirty-sixth Indiana; nothing of importance took place while I remained here in which I had part. The enemy opened fire at midnight from his main line, which lasted only about fifteen minutes and ceased, my regiment suffering no loss. On the 17th I moved at 9 a. m. through considerable rain, after driving the enemy some four miles, but after two hours; fighting he again retreated, having been dislodged by a charge. At 8 a. m. firing ceased, when I was ordered to bivouac for the night. Nothing of importance took place from this until arriving about five miles this side of Kingston on the 19th, when we again

