
encountered the enemy. I was ordered to form line and build works, which I did. Here I remained until 2 a. m. of the 25th, when I moved with brigade in eastern direction and camped near Cassville, which was then occupied by our troops. On the 26th we again moved in a southeast direction, after which nothing of importance took place until 5 p. m., when I crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek, near Dallas, and took position in rear of the Second Division. Here a slight skirmish occurred. I lay still until the morning of 26th. At 9 a. m. the brigade took position in reserve, my regiment forming in rear of the Eighty-fourth Illinois, and supporting the battery of our brigade. On the morning of the 27th the entire brigade moved to the left and relieved part of General Wood's division, my regiment occupying position in rear line. Skirmishing was heavy, in which one of my companies was engaged, at 7 a. m. Next morning the line was advanced some fifty yards and built works, where we remained until June 1. I then moved to left, agreeably to orders, and relieved the Twenty-first Kentucky on the front line, a detail of one commissioned officer and fifty men was sent on picket, relieving the pickets of that regiment. Here I remained until the morning of the 5th of June; the enemy having evacuated his position, I was of the 5th of June; the enemy having evacuated his position, I was ordered to occupy his works. On the morning of the 6th I moved with brigade about eight miles to near Acworth, and went into camp. On June 10 I again moved and took position in the line. Nothing occurred, however, in which I had part until the 15th. We moved upon the hill in our front, the enemy having evacuated, heavy cannonading was going on on both flanks, but our front was but slightly engaged. At night we moved to right and took position, throwing up works; regiment is second line. At 6 a. m. my regiment, with Fifty-ninth Illinois, moved to the left and front and built line of works in rear of skirmish line. At daybreak next morn the skirmishers are advanced and find the enemy has left his position in our front. The line is immediately ordered forward and occupies the enemy's works. My regiment did not occupy position on front line, but lay in bivouac until the morning of the 19th, when we advanced toward Kenesaw Mountain, driving the enemy until we gained a position near its base. I moved into position in second line, with the Seventy-fifth Illinois on my right and Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania on my left. Here I remained until the evening of the 20th at dark, when I moved on the front line, relieving the Eighty-fourth Illinois. At 12 that night I was again relieved by the One hundred and fourth Illinois and moved back some distance in rear of second line into bivouac. At this place I was taken sick, and Captain Dawson assumed command of the regiment. At 3 p. m. Captain Dawson received orders to move to the right across ravine and support General Whitaker's brigade, which was engaging the enemy and at the same time throwing up works; the order was promptly obeyed, the regiment taking position in line of works running over heavy rise of ground in edge of wood, with ravine in front and rear. My regiment was joined on right by Captain Bridges' battery, and on left by Eightieth Illinois. After getting into position the enemy opened on us with a battery in our front and threw several shell into our work, but fortunately no one was hurt. On the 22nd the regiment received orders to withdraw at dark and move with the brigade still farther to the right. At 8 p. m. we reach our position and occupy new line of works, with Thirty-sixth Indiana on my left. Line is in

