
thick underbrush, with open field in front. At 4.30 next day our skirmishers are ordered to be doubled and advance. Order promptly obeyed, and enemy's skirmishers driven in. Our line gains a position in sight of enemy's main line, but at dark is again driven back to its old position. In this contest my regiment lost 2 killed, 7 wounded, and 1 missing.

On 24th of June my regiment was relieved by Seventy-fifth Illinois and moved to left and rear in ravine. Nothing took place of any importance until the morning of the 27th, when we again move to left and occupy works of Eighty-fourth Illinois in rear of Ninth Indiana. General Newtons' division was massed in my front preparatory for a charge. At about 10 a. m. the charge is made, but our men are repulsed with quite heavy loss. My regiment was here under a heavy fire of canister, but being behind works lost no men. At night the regiment is ordered about 300 yards to rear, and bivouacked. Here I remained until the evening of July 2, when I am ordered on the front line. Take position to left by Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania. Immediately commence repairing my works, working by detail of two commissioned officers and fifty men on each relief. At 3 a. m. July 3 I received orders to quit work and prepare for move at once. This being done, at 5 a. m. we move forward and occupy enemy's work, he having evacuated. We pursue the enemy and strike the Atlanta and Marietta road at the Military Institute, near the latter place. Here a half a few hours is made, when the march is again resumed. We move on right of railroad, and at 4 p. m. we file from railroad to left and form in order of battle, my regiment occupying same position in the line as the night previous. After forming we lay a short time and are ordered forward to top of hill in our front; here a temporary line of works are thrown up in which we remain during the night. The next morning at 11 o'clock the skirmish line was ordered forward, and, moving with promptness, gained a ravine in our front and under cover remained for a moment's rest. The main line was now advanced, when the skirmishers charged the enemy, driving him into his main work. The line moved up under a heavy artillery fire with great promptness, and gaining the enemy's works at once turned them. My loss to-day is 1 killed and 3 wounded; among the latter is Captain M. D. Kirk, commanding skirmishers. The next morning at 3 o'clock our skirmishers open heavy fire along lien but get no reply; they are at once advanced and find the enemy's line evacuated. At daylight my regiment moves with brigade toward railroad, on which we move toward the Chattahoochee River. At 5 p. m. move from railroad to left and go into camp. Remained in camp until the 10th and received orders to move at 9 a. m. Moved to left about seven miles and encamped near where the Twenty-third Corps lay. Reached camp at 5 p. m. after marching through a very heavy rain. Remained here until the morning of the 12th. Moved at sunrise to left and across river, taking position near Powers' Ferry, and went into camp. Moved again July 18 at 5 a. m. to left and on Atlanta road, and bivouacked at 5 p. m.; regiment on left of brigade in front line. Moved again next day at 11.30 a. m. to Peach Tree Creek, crossed and took position on hill with open field in front, and on left of brigade; slight skirmishing was going on, the enemy gradually falling back. At 5 p. m. I was ordered farther to left in corn-field, where remained during night. On July 20 I moved to left at 6 a. m. on Decatur

