
road, and after moving some distance the enemy's skirmishers are again encountered and a severe fight ensues. My regiment takes no part, however, until 4 p. m., when I was ordered to right of road into position, with the Ninth Indiana on my left. After forming, a line of works were thrown up. During this time the skirmishers made a charge on the enemy's pits, capturing an entire company, consisting of a captain and 42 men. Nothing of moment occurred until the next day. At 6 p. m. I was ordered to move to the right and front near skirmish line; here another line of works was thrown up. My left joined by Thirty-sixth Indiana and right covered by heavy swale and timber, which was slashed. At about midnight the enemy evacuated his line in our front, and at 3 in morning we pursue about one-half mile, when our skirmishers again encounter those of the enemy. My regiment is ordered into position in edge of wood with open field in front; after taking position the enemy opens fire from battery in our front and in the fortifications around Atlanta. Skirmishers kept up a heavy fire while two or our batteries took position and opened. At 2 p. m. we retire some distance and go into camp, only a part of our brigade remaining on the line. Here I remained until 9 p. m. of July 26, when I was ordered to move to the left and front, relieving part of the Second Brigade. After taking this position I was joined on the right by Eightieth Illinois, and on left by Seventy-fifth Illinois. At daylight next morning skirmishing commenced in my front, and in the afternoon a feint was made on the enemy's line. Nothing of great importance occurred until the evening of the 31st, when I received orders to move to right and front, and relieve the Eightieth Illinois, which was in reserve picket. I moved out and remained until next evening and was relieved by Thirty-sixth Indiana, and returned again to camp. On the 3rd of August a demonstration was made on my right on skirmish line, which I believe resulted favorably. Nothing in way of movement took place after this until August 19, when I was ordered to advance beyond our skirmish line with Eighty-fourth Illinois, and take position in order to attract the enemy's attention. This wad done. One-half of my regiment was advanced close to enemy's work, while the other remained in reserve, but at 4 p. m. the whole regiment was thrown forward and opened fire. The enemy replies from line promptly. I remain in position until night-fall and again retired to camp, the enemy following with skirmishers until regaining his pits.

On the 25th of August I received orders to move to right with brigade, and at 9 p. m. the movement is commenced. Marched until 3 next morning, and bivouacked on side hill about two miles to right of Atlanta and Chattanooga Railroad. Shortly after daybreak the enemy opened fire from a battery in our front, but directing his fire too high no one was hurt. At 8 a. m. I moved into ravine in front and formed in rear of the Eighty-fourth Indiana, where I lay until the brigade resumed its march. The brigade moved out at about 10 a. m., my regiment being detached to cover the rear. I moved with Seventy-fifth Illinois to front on hill and occupied a line of works before abandoned by some of our troops. Upon arriving here we find the enemy trying also to gain the line. Fire was opened and the enemy fell back. After holding this position until the troops had passed some distance, we fell back, and, reaching the line of the Sixteenth Corps, joined the brigade. After this I was nowhere engaged until at Jonesborough, where I occupied a position in low

