
ground, in edge of wood, with open field in front, the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania on my right and Eightieth Illinois on left. Our skirmishers were here, hotly engaged, while the enemy kept playing into us rapidly with one of his batteries. A light line of works was thrown up, in which we lay during the night. In the morning at daylight our skirmishers moved forward and took possession of Jonesborough, the enemy having evacuated in the night. At about 9 a. m. September 3 I moved with brigade, on railroad, toward Lovejoy's Station, after marching a distance of about five miles. I moved to left of railroad and took position in rear line with Ninth Indiana on right and Eightieth Illinois on left. After halting some time the line was ordered forward. Skirmishing immediately made an attack. The ground over which we moved was of a rough nature, having several almost impassable ravines, with part thick underbrush. After arriving at a distance of about 600 yards the line was halted and reformed. The front line was now hotly engaged, the enemy firing from his works with both musketry and artillery. I immediately ordered my men to build a barricade of rails, which was done under a heavy fire. Both lines, however, held their positions, and were soon intrenched. Here I remained until the evening of the 5th of September, during which time heavy skirmishing was going on continually. My loss at this place was 1 killed and 2 wounded. One of the latter was Captain W. W. Griswold. On the evening of the 5th of September I was ordered to withdraw and move with the brigade toward Jonesborough. I withdrew at 7 p. m., and, marching all night, arrived at Jonesborough at 3 o'clock next morning, and occupied my old position. Here I remained until sunrise of the 7th, when the march was resumed for this place, where I arrived on the afternoon of the 8th and went into camp.

I cannot too highly commend the officers and men under my command for their promptness and efficiency in performing the duties devolved upon them during the campaign, and while they have my heartfelt sympathy for hardships they have endured, a nation meets their conduct with the highest appreciation.

The fields of the killed and wounded have my earnest condolence, and also the assurance that their sons and brothers fell true soldiers, with not a stain upon them.

A report of casualties is herewith transmitted.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. D. HURD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Thirtieth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain H. W. LAWTON,

Acting Assistant Inspector-General.

Numbers 30.

Report of Captain John C. Taylor, Eighty-fourth Indiana Infantry, of operations August 16 - September 8.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-FOURTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 13, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the military operations of the Eighty-fourth Indiana Volunteers during

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 10 killed, 11 mortally wounded, 58 severely and slightly wounded, and 7 missing; total, 87.

---------------

