
a halt miles to the front, formed line of battle on the left of the front line of the brigade, and threw up a temporary line of breast-works near Shoal Creek, Ga., in front of the enemy's line of works. By order of the general commanding sent out a company of skirmishers. The enemy left his works without much resistance. My command did not sustain any loss in the advance on the enemy's lines. Occupied the enemy's works about 12 m. Moved my regiment with the brigade in the direction of the Atlanta and Macon Railroad. Was ordered on the march to send out a company of flankers. By order of the general commanding I formed my regiment in line of battle on the right of the front line of the brigade, and threw up a temporary line of works.

By order of Brigadier-General Grose I moved my command to the Atlanta and Macon Railroad on the morning of September 1, 1864, where I was ordered to engage my men in tearing up and destroying the railroad until about 4 p. m., at which time I was ordered to move to the left and form my regiment on the right of the rear line of the brigade, to support the Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, which was engaging the enemy in front, near Jonesborough, Ga. My loss in this engagement was 1 officer severely wounded and 2 men slightly.

By order of the general commanding I moved my regiment about 7 a. m. September 2 to the line of works occupied by the enemy on evening of the 1st instant. Was ordered to move my command with the brigade along the Macon railroad in the direction of Loveyoy's Station, where I arrived about 3 p. m., where the enemy was found to be in force. I was directed to advance a skirmish company after forming my regiment on the right of the front line of the brigade. About 4.30 p. m. the general commanding ordered me to move my command on the enemy's lines, which I did, charging and taking his entire skirmish line in the front of my regiment, amounting in all to 27 prisoners - 2 commissioned officers, and 25 enlisted men. My loss in the engagement was as follows: 1 man killed and 14 wounded, inflicting a slight wound which caused me to leave the field after turning the commanding of the regiment over to Captain Miller, who held the line taken by me under the most terrific fire of artillery and musketry, building a line of works during the night, which my regiment held during the 3rd instant, losing 1 man wounded while retiring from the skirmish line. By command of Brigadier-General Grose my regiment was relieved by the Ninth Indiana Veteran Volunteers immediately after dark and retire to the right of the rear line of breast-works occupied by the brigade, leaving my skirmishers where they were during the day, in which move 1 man was wounded. By order of the general commanding my regiment was moved farther to the rear on the morning of the 4th instant, for the purpose of resting, where it laid until the evening of the 5th instant, when Colonel Bennett, commanding brigade, issued orders to move at 7 p. m. Marched all night, occupying at early daylight our line of works, established on the 1st instant, near Jonesborough, Ga., where my regiment staid during the day, furnishing a company for picket. My regiment moved with the brigade at sunrise to Rough and Ready Station, where it arrived about 2.30 p. m. September 7.

Moved at 7 a. m. with the brigade in the direction of Atlanta, where it arrived at 12.30 p. m. September 8; went into camp one

