
mile east of Atlanta at 2 p. m., where it remained until the morning of the 9th instant, at which time I again took command and have since commanded. In camp on the 10th, 11th, 12th, and 13th instant.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. TAYLOR,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel BENNETT,

Commanding Third Brigade, First Division, 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 31.

Report of Colonel Thomas E. Rose, Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 77TH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VET. VOL. INFTY.,In Camp, near Atlanta, Ga., September 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: The following is the report of the operations of my regiment during the campaign commencing on the 5th of May, 1864, and ending on the 8th of September, 1864:

On the 3rd of May, 1864, the regiment broke camp at Blue Springs, at 12 m., and moved out six miles to the Knoxville and Dalton Railroad, and encamped for the night. On Wednesday, May 4, we marched at 5 a. m. to Catoosa Springs, where we encamped for two days. On Saturday, May 7, marched south to Tunnel Hill. On Sunday, May 8, moved to Mill Creek Gap and Rocky Face Ridge. On Monday, May 9, near midnight, the regiment went on picket. On Tuesday, May 10, skirmished all day with the enemy; had 3 enlisted men wounded. On Wednesday, May 11, the regiment, with the Thirtieth Indiana, moved on to a ridge which commanded Mill Creek Gap, and threw up rifle-pits. On Friday, May 13, at 5 a. m. the regiment with the division moved forward through Dalton, and at 9 a. m. came up with the enemy's rear guard; had some skirmishing, and went into camp. On Saturday, May 14, left camp and marched two miles, when our corps engaged the enemy, skirmishers were thrown out from each regiment; 1 commissioned officer and 1 enlisted man was wounded of this regiment. On Sunday, may 15, skirmishing commenced at daylight, and we were engaged with the enemy more or less all day; lost 3 enlisted men wounded. On Monday, May 16, we moved at 6 a. m. into Resaca, and at 4 p. m. crossed the river and marched four miles, where we encamped for the night. On Tuesday, May 17, we marched at 8 a. m., and encamped within two miles of Adairsville. On Wednesday, May 18, the regiment marched at 6 a. m., passed through Adairsville, and six miles beyond encamped for the night. On Thursday, May 19, the regiment marched at 6 a. m.; came up with the enemy's rear guard at Kingston, where we commenced skirmishing, and so continued until the enemy was driven back to Cassville. This regiment lost during the day 1 enlisted men killed and 3 wounded. On Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, 20th, 21st, and 22d, the regiment lay in camp. On Monday, May 23, we marched west six miles, where we crossed the Etowah River, and continuing the march four miles farther encamped for the night. On Tuesday, May 24, the regiment moved out of camp at 6 a. m., and marched fifteen miles and encamped.

