
On Wednesday, May 25, the regiment left camp at 10 a. m. and marched about eight miles to where the Twentieth Army Corps had been fighting, and encamped for the night. On Thursday, May 26, the regiment moved into the line of battle, our brigade being in reserve. On Friday, May 27, the regiment moved forward to the front line, and had sharp fighting all day. The casualties were 1 enlisted man killed and 3 wounded. On Saturday, May 28, our skirmishers were hotly engaged. The casualties in the regiment were 1 commissioned officer and 8 enlisted men wounded. On Sunday, May 29, the skirmishing continued all day; casualties, 4 enlisted men wounded. On Monday, May 30, the skirmishing still continued; casualties, 2 enlisted men wounded. On Tuesday, May 31, our skirmishers were still engaged, and the casualties of this regiment, 1 enlisted men wounded. On Wednesday, June 1, the position of the regiment was still unchanged. The loss on this day was 1 enlisted man killed. On Thursday, June 2, no change of position took place; casualties of the regiment, 1 enlisted man wounded. On Friday, June 3, in the same position as on the 2d; casualties of the regiment, 2 enlisted men wounded. On Saturday, June 4, moved camp at daylight to the left, the rebels having retreated during the night. On Sunday, June 5, the regiment lay quietly in camp all day. On Monday, June 6, the regiment marched at 5 a. m. a distance of about six miles to near Acworth Station. The regiment lay in camp during the 7th, 8th, and 9th. On Friday, June 10, the regiment left camp at 7 a. m., and marched four miles and encamped near Pine Knob, or Pine Top, near the enemy, our regiment on the second line, and was not engaged with the enemy. On Saturday and Sunday, 11th and 12th of June, the regiment still lay in camp on the second line in the same position as on the 10th. On Monday, June 13, the regiment moved one mile to the left, and threw up new works during the night. The rebels in front evacuated the same night. On Tuesday, June 14, the regiment moved forward one mile; finding the enemy in force, we here threw up new works; casualties, 1 enlisted man wounded. On Wednesday, June 15, the regiment continued in the same position as on the 14th. We had some skirmishing, but no casualties. On Thursday, June 16, the operations were the same as on the 14th and 15th; the casualties of the regiment, 1 enlisted man wounded. During the night the rebels fell back. On Friday, June 17, the regiment moved forward some distance and went into camp. There was heavy skirmishing along the line, but my regiment was not engaged. On Saturday, June 18, the skirmishing still continued, but the brigade to which my regiment belongs was in reserve, moved forward; were met by the rebels about a mile distant from our starting point, where our skirmishers engaged the enemy; fell slowly back to the foot of Kenesaw Mountain; the casualties in the regiment were 1 commissioned officer wounded, 2 enlisted men killed, and 7 enlisted men wounded. On Monday, June 20, the regiment lay in front of Kenesaw all day; no casualties. On Tuesday, June 21, the regiment moved forward and to the right. We threw up a new line of works, it being already the third before Kenesaw in about twenty-four hours; the casualties from the enemy's shells were 1 enlisted man killed and 2 enlisted men wounded. On Wednesday, June 22, the enemy opened upon us the same as before,

