
but our works being completed we were better protected, and no casualties occurred in the regiment. On Thursday, June 23, the regiment moved to the right and lay in reserve until dark, when we moved forward close to the enemy, and during the night completed a strong earth-work. On Friday, June 24, we had some skirmishing; lost 1 enlisted man wounded. On Saturday and Sunday, 25th and 26th of June, the position of the regiment was unchanged; we lost 2 enlisted men wounded on the 26th. On Monday, June 27, a general assault was made. The brigade to which my regiment is attached was held in reserve; the casualties of the regiment were 1 enlisted man killed and 1 wounded. On Tuesday, June 28, we had considerable skirmishing, and had 1 commissioned officer and 2 enlisted men wounded. On Wednesday, June 29, a burial of the dead in our front under a flag of truce took place. During the night the enemy made a demonstration, but were repulsed. The casualties of the regiment were 3 enlisted men wounded. On Thursday, June 30, at dark, my regiment was relieved by another regiment of our brigade, and we moved back to the second line and encamped. On Friday, July 1, we continued in camp on the second line. On Saturday, July 2, the regiment again moved forward to the front line; no casualties. On Sunday, July 3, about 2 a. m., the rebels evacuated their works, and we moved forward at once and occupied them. Took several prisoners. We then moved forward to Marietta and five miles beyond to Smyrna, where we found the enemy strongly fortified. On Monday, July 4, at 11 a. m. we charged the enemy's works, capturing the rifle-pits, with a large number of prisoners, and killing and wounding several of the enemy; our loss was 1 commissioned officer wounded and 1 enlisted man killed, and 17 enlisted men wounded. During the night the enemy fell back to the Chattahoochee River and left us in full possession of their strong works at Smyrna, which we immediately occupied. On Tuesday, July 5, at daybreak we commenced pursuing the enemy. The regiment moved forward to Vining's Station, thence one mile to the left and encamped on the Chattahoochee River. On Wednesday, July 5, the regiment lay in camp, our skirmishers exchanging occasional shots across the river. We lay in this camp until the 10th. On Sunday, July 10, we marched up the river about five miles, where the regiment encamped within about one-half mile of the river, and continued in camp until the 12th. On Tuesday, July 12, we marched early, crossed the Chattahoochee on canvas pontoons, and moved down the river some distance, to a high bluff overlooking the river, where we encamped until the 18th. On Monday, July 18, the regiment moved forward toward Atlanta six miles, and encamped. On Tuesday, July 19, we marched at 11 a. m. about three miles, to Peach Tree Creek, on the opposite bank of which we threw up works; had some skirmishing but no casualties. On Wednesday, July 20, we marched to within three miles of Decatur, and then took the road to Atlanta, in all about four miles. We went into position in line and the enemy made a fierce attack on our skirmishers, but were repulsed; the casualties of this regiment were only 2 enlisted men wounded. On Thursday, July 21, at sunrise this regiment moved forward to the line of skirmishers and threw up works under a pretty heavy fire; our casualties were 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men wounded. The enemy retreat during the night. On Friday, July 22, before daylight,

