
we commenced pursuing the enemy, this regiment taking the advance, and at sunrise, owing to the fog, we came up with the rebels quite abruptly. We were quickly in line, however, and after a pretty sharp skirmish we commenced throwing up works within two miles of the town of Atlanta and within 1,500 yards of one of the enemy's forts; the casualties of the regiment were 4 enlisted men wounded. On Tuesday, July 26, a demonstration was made in which our skirmish line was somewhat advanced. This regiment lost 3 men wounded. On the 5th of August a like demonstration was made, in which five companies of this regiment charged up to the enemy's works and were repulsed, with the loss of 1 commissioned officer and 5 enlisted men killed, and 14 enlisted men wounded, On the 17th of August this regiment changed camp from the extreme right tot he extreme left of the brigade; the casualties were 3 enlisted men wounded on the picket-line. On Thursday, August 25, at dark, as the army commenced to move, the regiment withdrew from the works and moved to the right and bivouacked at Proctor's Creek, distance seven miles. On Friday, August 26, the regiment continued the march to the right, passing a portion of the Army of the Tennessee and the Fourteenth Army Corps, and encamped at 5 p. m., after marching about eight miles. On Saturday, August 27, advanced rapidly to Gilead Church, a distance of six miles. On Sunday, August 28, we marched, at about 3 p. m., a distance of about three miles, and bivouacked near the West Point railroad in a fine agricultural country. On Monday, August 29, the regiment August 30, we marched southeast, a distance of about three miles, and encamped in a thick woods. On Wednesday, August 31, we moved early in the morning and marched about five miles to near the Macon railroad and encamped for the night. On Thursday, September 1, we marched to the railroad destroying it as we went, until we came near Jonesborough, where we formed line of battle and advanced on the enemy, who was intrenched at that place. This regiment, on the extreme right of the brigade, advanced through a dense thicket for about one-half a mile, close to the enemy's main line, where we threw up slight works under a heavy fire of musketry and canister; the casualties were only 2 wounded. During the night the enemy retreated. On Friday, September 2, we moved down the railroad to Lovejoy's Station, where we again found the enemy. The division to which my brigade and regiment is attached moved to the left, and formed line of battle, when we moved forward and engaged the enemy. My regiment was held in reserve and did not become engaged, although we were part of the time under a brisk fire. No casualties. On Saturday, September 3, my regiment moved up to the front line early and relieved the Seventy-fifth Illinois, of our brigade. As my regiment was much larger than the Seventy-fifth, I was obliged to prolong the works in order to protect my men. As soon as the fog arose the enemy opened a concentrated fire of musketry with artillery upon my regiment, and kept it up until our works were completed. The casualties of the regiment at this place were 1 commissioned officer killed and 1 severely wounded, and 11 enlisted men wounded. We remained at this place until the night of the 5th, when we withdrew and marched to Jonesborough, where we remained until the 7th. On Wednesday, September 7, the

19 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT I

