
regiment marched to Rough and Ready, and encamped for the night. On Thursday, September 8, marched through Atlanta and encamped two miles from the town in the direction of Decatur.

From the 3rd of May until June 7 the regiment was commanded by Captain J. J. Lawson, Company C. On the 7th of June I returned to the regiment, and have been personally in command during all of the time since.

Submitting the above, I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. E. ROSE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain H. W. LAWTON.]

Numbers 32.

Reports of Brigadier General John Newton, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Peach Tree Creek, Ga., July 21, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit report of casualties sustained by my division in engagement of yesterday.

I will proceed to give a more perfect account of the action. With a heavy skirmish line the ridge, one-half [mile] wide, in front of our works was taken. General Kimball's brigade moved up to the skirmish line and formed on the right-hand side of the road, Colonel Blake on the left; Colonel Bradley was along the road perpendicular to their position in order of march. As soon as Kimball's and Blake's brigades reached the top of the ridge they commenced naturally to throw up log and rail barricades, and, as the result proved, providentially. When my line of battle was formed and my troops well in hand, I ordered the skirmish line forward. They had not advanced over 150 yards before they met the enemy in front. At the same time the enemy threw one division around my left and rear. This attack was repulsed, the details of which I will give hereafter. The fire had scarcely subsided on my left and rear when it broke out on my front and right flank where Kimball held. The enemy came completely around his right front. He made a return of his flank and drove them laterally in front of the Twentieth Corps, in division of which was then advancing to connect with me. From this time until sundown it was a succession of attacks on my right, left, and center, so rapid that I could not keep account of them, showing that the enemy were in strong force and well handled. The only thing that troubled me was that I did not have half men enough to hold the ground assaulted, even in one line, and I was obliged to move regiments from place to place as the attack was made, and several times strong attacks were repulsed by artillery and a few stragglers collected to support them. I had but 2,700 men in line. I had several regiments on the north side of Peach Tree Creek which did good service in preventing the enemy crossing the creek and capturing our trains. From the best and most reasonable accounts I can gather, we were attacked as follows: Bate's division on my left and rear, Walker's on my left front, and Cleburne to the right and rear. The position I held was a key point, which accounts for the vigorous attack made upon me. If I had

