
been driven across the creek Hooker's left would have been entirely exposed and serious consequences ensued. The enemy were completely astonished to find half completed barricades on the hill which we had just taken and which they imagined was only occupied by a skirmish line.

I am ordered by General Thomas to make no further advance until I connect with General Wood on my left.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Corps.

[Inclosure.]

Report of casualties in Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, in action of July 20, 1864, on Peach Tree Creek, Ga.

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

Command.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offi	 Men.	 Offi	 Men.	 Agg

 cers	 	 cers	 	 cers	 	 reg

 .	 	 .	 	 .	 	 ate

 	 	 	 	 	 	 .

First Brigade,	 ...	 3	 1	 31	 ...	 1	 36

Brigadier-General

Kimball.

Second Brigade,	 ...	 5	 1	 26	 ...	 6	 38

Colonel J. W.

Blake.

Third Brigade,	 ...	 3	 1	 20	 ...	 ...	 24

Colonel L. P.

Bradley.

Battery A, First	 ...	 ...	 ...	 3	 ...	 ...	 3

Ohio Light

Artillery,

Lieutenant C. W.

Scovill.

Battery M, First	 ...	 ...	 ...	 1	 ...	 ...	 1

Illinois Light

Artillery, Captain

G. W. Spencer.

Total.	 ...	 11	 3	 81	 ...	 7	 102

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, July 21, 1864.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Atlanta, Ga., September -, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of the Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, during the present campaign:

Tuesday, May 3, the division marched from Cleveland to Red Clay. May 4, marched from Red Clay to Catoosa Springs. May 5 and 5, remained at Catoosa Springs in position. May 7, marched from Catoosa Springs to Tunnel Hill, this division following a road on the left flank of that pursued by the other divisions of the corps, and took position on that road until relieved by the Twenty-third Corps; after this followed the First and Third Divisions to the neighborhood of Tunnel Hill, where it was posted in reserve. Sunday, May 8, Harker's brigade was ordered to ascend to the northern extremity of Rocky Face Ridge, the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry (Colonel Opdycke) clearing the way as skirmishers, which being effectually done, the whole brigade as-

