
cended to the summit. The summit was a sharp ridge, never wider than the room occupied by four men abreast, and oftentimes so narrow and obstructed by bowlders that men in single file could with difficulty climb over the obstacles. The enemy, protected by natural and artificial impediments, steadily resisted the advance of the brigade until dark, General Harker gaining about three-fourths of a mile of the crest. At night one piece of Battery M, First Illinois Artillery, was moved on the ridge, ready to open on the enemy's rock barricades in the morning. General Schofield having arrived on the ground mean time, one brigade of his army was moved on the crest, and took its place in General Harker's rear. May 9, Schofield having withdrawn his troops from the ridge to make a demonstration with his whole corps in the valley on the east side of Rocky Face, the remainder of my division was pushed to the top of Rocky Face Ridge, forming immediately behind General Harker. General Harker opened with his piece of artillery at daybreak and charged the enemy, driving them gallantry until they found shelter behind their main line of works on the top of the ridge. The whole extent of the ridge occupied by us amounted to about a mile and three-quarters. From the ground thus gained he lines of the enemy on the east of Rocky Face could be distinctly seen. Their position was good and well fortified, running off at right angles with the general direction of Rocky Face. General Schofield having driven the enemy's skirmishers into their works in the valley, it was arranged that he should then attack while I attacked the enemy's works on the eastern slope of the ridge and on the top, General Wagner's brigade being displayed on the eastern slope for this purpose. General Harker on the top of the ridge was not to attack till an impression had been made by the other columns. General Wagner, in advancing, found his farther progress impeded by an impassable ravine, on the opposite side of which the enemy had a line of intrenchments, receiving a heavy fire from the enemy in the mean time. The leading regiment of General Harker's brigade, without waiting for the partial success of the other attacks, prematurely advanced, and the column naturally followed. They carried the work immediately in front of them with heavy loss, marching by the flank, but found themselves confronted by another and stronger work on an eminence commanding the one they had taken. They held this position for some time, but farther progress being impossible, fell back somewhat, retaining about 100 yards of the ground they had gained. Colonel McIlvain, Sixty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, was killed in this charge, Colonel Buckner, Seventy-ninth Illinois, and Lieutenant-Colonel Bullitt, Third Kentucky, wounded, and the names of many other brave officers and men close the list of casualties on this day. This day's operations demonstrated the enemy's position on the slope and crest of the ridge to be impregnable. General Harker and the officers and men of his brigade highly distinguished themselves for gallantry and good conduct. May 10, no change made except in the relative positions of the brigades, Wagner being ordered to the front; sharp picket-firing all day. May 11, no change, except that Sherman's brigade relieved Wagner; picket-firing all day. May 12, General Schofield being withdrawn and sent toward the right, and the Fourth Corps forming the left flank of the army, Sherman's brigade, of my division, was left on the top of Rocky Face, the other brigades being withdrawn and placed in defensible positions on the flank of the army, General Stoneman's cavalry

