
being also on my left to observe the enemy and cover the flank. The enemy moved out a heavy force, threatening our left, which was first observed toward noon, composed of over twenty regiments of infantry and a large body of cavalry. General Stoneman was attacked, his pickets and front line being compelled to fall back. At this time I contracted my lines to get a better defense, and finding my force still insufficient called on General Wood for one brigade, as I had been instructed to do in such a case by General Howard. This brigade arrived promptly, with General Wood himself, and closed a gap in my line. The enemy, apparently satisfied with a demonstration merely, retired without attack. May 13, the enemy having evacuated the night previous, my division took up the line of march for Dalton, General Stanley's division being in the lead; marched from thence and encamped in Sugar Creek Valley. May 14, my division marched to the right (the other two divisions of the corps being to the left), and was directed to form in reserve behind the Twenty-third Corps, which was done. The Twenty-third Corps becoming heavily engaged with the enemy in force in front of Resaca, I was ordered forward, by General Thomas, to form on the left and rear of the Twenty-third Corps. Shortly afterward Harker's brigade was ordered into the fight to relieve a portion of the Twenty-third Corps, which was gallantry one under a severe and destructive fire of the enemy. The position just taken by Harker was a short distance in advance of their line of intrenchments and commanded by them, and it was only be taking advantage of every little inequality of the ground that the brigade could maintain its position. In the meanwhile, General Wood having come up and connected with my left, a general advance of his division and mine was ordered, and my other two brigades were posted on the wooded heights overlooking the valley in which Harker was engaged. Colonel Sherman's brigade was ordered, toward the close of the afternoon, to relieve General Harker. Our loss was considerable in Harker's and Sherman's brigades. Among the wounded were General Harker and Colonel Opdycke, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, both of whom refused to quit the field and remained on duty till they recovered. The enemy's artillery fire being annoying during the night, eleven guns belonging to my division were put into position on the bald hills to the right of the woods, forming the right of my line. Sunday, May 15, General Schofield's command having been withdrawn during the previous afternoon and night, I found in the morning my right connecting with the Fourteenth Corps. My artillery opened and soon silenced that of the enemy, from which we experienced no further annoyance. Wagner's brigade was moved in to relieve Sherman's. At 11.30 p. m. a heavy fire of musketry was opened all along our lines (it is uncertain whether the rebels or ourselves commenced it) and continued for some time. May 16, the enemy having evacuated during the night, we marched to Resaca. As soon as the bridge, partially destroyed by the rebels, was repaired, we crossed the Oostenaula River, and advanced toward Calhoun, General Harker's brigade leading and skirmishing the whole of the way with the enemy's cavalry. We rested at Calhoun that night. May 17, advanced toward Adairsville from Calhoun, Sherman's brigade leading. From this point till late in the afternoon heavy skirmishing with a large body of the enemy's cavalry, who intrenched themselves in every strong position along the road, from which they were suc-

