
cessively dislodged. At length, two and a half miles from Adairsville, we came on the enemy's infantry, when the whole of Sherman's brigade was engaged, and one or two regiments of the Third Brigade. The firing was very sharp till after night-fall. Sherman's brigade lost considerably. May 18, the enemy having retreated in the night, I marched to Adairsville, abreast with General Wood's column, finding at a short distance from the engagement of the day before the enemy's lines of battle intrenched. After a long halt at Adairsville, I marched on a parallel road with General Wood and encamped about three miles from Kingston. May 19, marched toward Kingston, my division being third in order of march. Between one and two miles beyond Kingston, General Stanley leading, became engaged with the enemy; General Wood's division becoming engaged likewise, I was ordered to hold my division in reserve. I was not engaged this day, but from the changes of position demanded by the varying circumstances of the day, my men became greatly fatigued. At length, toward night-fall, I was ordered to form on the left of General Stanley, connecting with the Twentieth Corps, only a portion of General Stanley's division being able to find a place in the line. I went into camp for the night just in the rear of the line. May 20, the enemy retreated during the night previous, and this day, the 21st, and 22nd were devoted to refitting the troops. Monday, 23d, started at 1 p. m. and proceed by way of Saltpetre Cave to Gillem's Bridge, where we crossed the Etowah, third in order of march. Advanced three miles beyond the river and encamped at 11 p. m. May 24, marched to Burnt Hickory, second in order of march. May 25, took the road toward New Hope Church, crossing the bridge over Pumpkin Vine Creek, in rear of Williams' division, Twentieth Corps, my division leading the Fourth Corps. Advanced to the neighborhood of New Hope Church, but was formed on the left of the road in readiness for such an event. About night-fall the whole division was formed in line on the left of the road. May 26, reformed my lines and intrenched within eighty-five paces of the enemy's works; placed Goodspeed's battery (A, First Ohio) on the right of my line, relieving one of General Stanley's batteries posted there. From this date until the evacuation of the enemy on the night of June 4 there was continual skirmishing and demonstrations on my line. We lost many men in these operations by sharpshooters, and from the fact that our camps were exposed to the enemy's fire. It was a period of unprecedented fatigue and watchfulness on the part of officers and men, the behavior of whom was admirable. June 5, remained in the same position. June 6, marched to Morris' Hill Church, bringing up the rear of the corps, and leaving Kimball's brigade behind to guard and bring up the corps hospitals. June 7, General Kimball having performed this duty, rejoined the division. He had several skirmishes with the enemy's cavalry. June 8 and 9, remained in camp. June 10, marched to a position in front of Pine Mountain, taking position to the right and rear of General Stanley's division. June 11, 12, 13, and 14, skirmishing and changes of position. The enemy retired on the night of the 14th. June 15, the corps was ordered to attack the enemy in his new position, my division to lead. Division was formed in column of attack, preceded by three regiments deployed as skirmishers, under command of Colonel Bradley, Fifty-first Illinois, who conducted the advance with great skill.

