
The enemy's skirmishers were steadily driven out of skirmish pits in strong positions, and forced back to their main line of works, the strength of which, in the opinion of General Howard, forbade an attack with my main force. The division encamped for the night within 700 yards of the enemy's works, General Stanley's division on the right, the Fourth corps on the left. June 16, advanced the left of my position; the enemy retired at night. June 17, advanced, following General Wood's division, about 400 yards. In the afternoon went into position on his left, strengthened my skirmish line, which, under charge of Colonel Lane, Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, gallantry advanced across and open field, and carried the enemy's skirmish pits. June 18, skirmishers, under command of Colonel Bartleson, One hundredth Illinois, advanced a considerable distance to the high ridge beyond Muddy Creek, driving by a most gallant charge the enemy's skirmishers from behind their main line of works, where they had posted themselves in considerable numbers. The whole division was then advanced, during a violent rainstorm, to the high ridge, and posted on the skirmish line, directly under the fire from the enemy's line of works. Portions of the division had to maintain an incessant fire during the day, to keep down the enemy's infantry and eight guns he had in position. The fire of the latter would have been very destructive to our troops. Our loss this day was very large. The enemy retired in the night to their position at Kenesaw. June 19, advanced, General Stanely's division leading; my skirmish line, under Colonel Miller, Thirty-sixth Illinois, was thrown out well to the left, to cover the movement, the Fourteenth Corps not having come up. Colonel Miller had severe skirmishing with the enemy, through the dense undergrowth; captured many of them. I came into position on the left of Stanley. June 20, remained in position; had a sharp artillery duel in the afternoon, Goodspeed's and Spencer's batteries silencing two of the enemy's batteries. Was relieved toward night by King's division, Fourteenth Corps. June 21, moved to the right, and relieved part of the Twentieth Corps. General Wood, on our left, having advanced, our lines were moved forward about 200 yards, and connect[ed] with him. June 22, skirmish line was re-enforced, and, under command of Colonel Bradley, advanced, driving the enemy's skirmishers from their pits into the main line. The enemy's position behind a strong line of works was plainly determined by this advance. Our skirmish line lost very heavily this day. June 23, skirmish line again advanced under Colonel Bartleson was killed. From this time until the 27th no operations took place beyond changing and adjusting the lines, and skirmishes and demonstrations. June 27, my division was ordered to assault the enemy's lines before Kenesaw, in front of the position held by General Stanley's division. The formation prescribed by General Howard was in two columns, composed of divisions closed in mass. Accordingly, General Harker's brigade was formed on the right in one column closed in mass; General Wagner's and General Kimball's on the left in one column closed in mass. The columns were preceded by a strong line of skirmishers, under command of Colonel Opdycke, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. At about 9 a. m. the skirmishers advanced, gallantry driving the enemy's pickets into the works, the columns immediately following them. General Harker's

