
brigade advanced through dense undergrowth, through the slashing and abatis made by the enemy, in the face of their fire, to the foot of their works, but were unable to get in, and fell back a short distance. General Wagner's brigade passed through similar obstacles, and were compelled to stop their advance a short distance from the enemy's works. General Harker then attempted another advance, and in the act this gallant and distinguished officer was killed. After a short respite General Kimball's brigade was ordered to advance. It moved to the front gallantly to the foot of the enemy's works, when his command was retired. It having been demonstrated that the enemy's works were too strong to be taken, the division was withdrawn, leaving our pickets in the captured rifle-pits, where they were afterward relieved by General Stanley's division. Apart from the strength of the enemy's lines, and the numerous obstacles which they had accumulated in front of their works, our want of success is in a great degree to be attributed to the thickets and undergrowth, which effectually broke up the formation of our columns and deprived that formation of the momentum which was expected of it. Beside the enemy's musketry our troops were exposed to a heavy fire of canister and case-shot. Colonel Miller, Thirty-sixth Illinois, was mortally wounded; Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, Eighty-eighth Illinois, was killed; Lieutenant-Colonel Kerr, Seventy-fourth Illinois, after receiving a mortal wound, still led his men to the foot of the works, where he was taken prisoner. the loss of the division in the assault was 654 killed and wounded. It is no injustice to the claims of others to state that General Kimball, commanding First Brigade; Colonel Bradley, commanding Fifty-first Illinois; Colonel Opdycke, commanding One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Colonel Lane, Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, distinguished themselves by their conduct on this occasion. From this time until July 2 the division remained in old camp. July 2, moved to the left and relieved General Wood. On this night the enemy retired. July 3, marched through Marietta, General Stanley leading. Formed at Neal Dow Station, to the left and rear of General Stanley's division, which had encountered the enemy there. July 4, moved forward and formed on the left of General Stanley, who had advanced his skirmish and main lines, took some of the enemy's rifle-pits and captured prisoners. The enemy retired this night. July 5, marched, following General Wood, who had a skirmish with the enemy's cavalry near Pace's Ferry, driving them over it. Encamped near Vining's Station, in reserve. July 6, remained in camp. July 7, moved camp, our left resting on Rottenwood Creek. July 8, remained in camp. July 9, marched to Roswell to support Garrard's cavalry, who recrossed to the north side, except their picket in front. July 10, adjusted our lines and made a tete-de-pont. General Dodge, with two divisions of the Sixteenth Corps, arrived to-day and relieved our front line. July 11, recrossed the river and went into camp on hills near Shallow Ford. July 12, moved back to our old camp at Rottenwood Creek. July 13, crossed the river at Powers' Ferry, and formed on the left of General Wood. Remained in this position till the 18th. July 18, moved to Buck Head, my division in advance. Encountered the enemy's cavalry at Nancy's Creek and skirmished all the way with

