
them, Colonel Opdycke, commanding skirmishers. Encamped at Buck Head. July 19, sent out a reconnaissance on a road leading to Decatur, and found the enemy at one of the forks of Peach Tree Creek. At 6 p. m. the division moved to Peach Tree Creek. Kimball's brigade was sent over to re-enforce one of General Wood's brigades across the creek. July 20, General Wood's division having been ordered to recross the creek and move to the left, the whole of my division was thrown over Peach Tree Creek, taking position in the intrenchments left by General Wood. I was informed by General Howard that I was to consider myself detached from the corps for that day, and was to receive orders from General Thomas, who arrived upon the ground about noon. My orders were, as soon as the Twentieth Corps had crossed the creek and effected a junction with me, to advance on the main road to Atlanta. The junction having been completed, at 1 p. m. a strong skirmish line of five regiments, under Colonel Barrett, Forty-fourth Illinois, was ordered forward to take the next ridge in our front. This was handsomely done, and the division moved forward to the skirmish line, General Kimball's brigade taking post on the right of the road, the Second Brigade, under Colonel Blake, on the left of the road, four pieces of Goodspeed's battery being placed between these brigades on the road. Colonel Bradley's (Third) brigade formed along the road, nearly perpendicular tot he line of the other two brigades. The formation was as near as possible that of a T, Bradley's brigade forming the tail of it. The men of Kimball's and Blake's brigades at once set toward making log and rail barricades. The old skirmish line was relieved by a new detail of three regiments, under Colonel Conrad, Fifteenth Missouri. The Fifty-seventh Indiana was sent along the ridge to my left as far as Pea Vine Creek to scout and watch for any approach of the enemy from that quarter. The One hundredth Illinois, to my left and rear, was in the bottom land, in the angle between peach Tree and Pea Vine Creeks, skirmishing with the enemy on the other side of Pea Vine. Everything being ready for an advance, the skirmishers, under Colonel Conrad, were thrown forward. Immediately on moving they encountered a sharp fire from the enemy's pickets, but they pressed forward until they came in contact with an almost continuous line of skirmish pits. Colonel Conrad sent back a report that he had found the enemy in force. This was immediately communicated to General Thomas, who ordered me to remain where I was for the day and intrench. Directly after the enemy made an attack on us in columns and line, passing through our front skirmish line, which fell back on our main lines. The Fifty-seventh and One Hundredth Illinois, however, on our flank and rear, being cut off by this movement, recrossed Peach Tree Creek and took position on the north bank, where they did valuable service in repelling the attempts of small bodies of the enemy to cross the creek and get at our trains. The enemy attacked my position by divisions obliquely in echelon. Bate's (rebel_ division passed clear of my left through the woods and emerged into the bottom land, between Peach Tree and Pea Vine Creeks, evidently aiming at the bridge. I had fortunately kept two guns of Goodspeed's battery in the rear, on the road, at the angle of the works vacated by General Wood. With these guns, which I put into position, and a few of the pickets who had been driven in alongside of them, this column of Bate's was checked and driven back into the woods. At the

