
Colonel Blake, commanding brigades, and Colonel Lane, Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry. July 21, the day was devoted to rest, and to the burial of the dead. In the afternoon a reconnaissance was made by Colonel Lane, which developed the enemy in respectable force. In the night the enemy retired to Atlanta. July 22, marched on the road toward Atlanta, my division coming in rear of the corps, and took post on both sides of the main road, intrenching the position. From this date till the night of August 25, when we evacuated our position in front of Atlanta, our time was usefully employed in adjusting lines, constructing new lines, in brisk skirmishers with the enemy, and in demonstrations. The position of the enemy became perfectly known to us, and was found to be impregnable to attack. August 25, evacuated our lines before Atlanta about midnight without annoyance from the enemy, this division bringing up the rear of the corps, and marched to Proctor's Creek. August 26, crossed Proctor's Creek, no enemy following but a thin skirmish line; crossed Utoy Creek and encamped, this division leading. August 27, left at 3 p. m., bringing up the rear of the corps and guarding the baggage train; passing the rest of the corps in camp, and crossed Camp Creek, covering the road to Fairburn. August 28, moved second in order of march, and took position near Red Oak, on the West Point railroad. August 29, remained in camp. August 30, marched first in order, and took position at Mann's house. Our march this day was much impeded by the Fourteenth Corps. August 31, crossed Crooked Creek at the mill; remained there to guard the trains and artillery, while the rest of the corps moved forward to strike the railroad. Toward evening took up position on the right of the First Division. September 1, marched toward Jonesborough by the railroad, destroying the track as we went, the First Division in the lead. Late in the afternoon proceeded to Jonesborough, where the division was formed to attack and turn the enemy, this division being on the extreme left. We advanced rapidly, driving the enemy's skirmishers before us over ground very unfavorable for attack, and did not rested my lines of battle were 600 or 700 yards in advance of any other troops, and was completely in rear of the enemy. We took one of their hospitals. I lost about 13 men of my pickets captured, from the fact that in the darkness they became mixed up with small straggling bodies of the enemy, and for the same reason I took a much larger number of them. My loss in the advance on the skirmish line was about 40 killed and wounded. Had one hour's more light been afforded us it is certain that the day's operations would be 2, marched much more decisive in the defeat of the enemy. September 2, marched to Lovejoy's Station in advance, forming on the left of the railroad. In the afternoon the whole corps moved to the attack of the enemy; found the enemy in my front, strongly intrenched, with open ground for several hundred yards in advance of their position, across which it would have been impossible to advance with any hope of success. From the circumstances of the case my attack strengthening my position. Left on the night of the 5th for Jonesborough. September 6, remained in camp near Jonesborough. September 7, broke up camp and marched toward Atlanta, second in order, and encamped at Sykes' house. September 8, marched to

