
in strong works at a fork of the roads in front, near New Hope Church, in which position I remained the 26th, skirmishing with sharpshooters constantly. On the morning of the 27th at sunrise a strong demonstration was made in my immediate front with artillery and the skirmishers of my command, which ceased at 9 o'clock.

At 2 p. m. I succeeded in advancing my line to a position which nearly enfiladed the enemy's line in front of General Wagner's brigade (Second). Goodspeed's battery having reported to me, was placed in position near my right. At 3.30 o'clock the enemy made a charge, driving my skirmishers to their reserves, but was by them checked and repulsed with severe loss. After his repulse the enemy demonstrated strongly until 5.30 p. m., undoubtedly with a view to cover a movement of troops to his right, which movement was as that time discovered to be going on. His demonstrations ceased about the time of the attack of General Wood's (Third) division to our left. From the 27th of May until 5th of June, when the enemy disappeared from the (our) front, I remained in my advanced position, skirmishing hotly and continually with him day and night; in fact the affair more resembled a continuous battle than a skirmish. On the 6th of June I was ordered by you to cover with my brigade the movement of the corps hospitals, and in compliance bivouacked that night near Brown's Mill creek. On the 8th, the movement of the hospitals being completed, my command joined the division at Allatoona Creek, near Acworth, bringing in 8 prisoners. One of them, a cavalry scout, well mounted and armed, was captured by the commissary sergeant of the Eighty-eight Illinois, while he (the sergeant) was bathing, naked and unarmed. On the 11th I was placed in reserve, and moved with my command to a point about three and a half miles west, northwest from Kenesaw Mountain, and so remained the 12th and 13th, each day in line of battle, to support the Second Brigade, should it became necessary. On the 14th our line advanced about a mile toward the enemy's works, his sharpshooters skirmishing and falling back. On the 15th the enemy's skirmish line was strengthened and strongly resisted farther advance, but was finally driven back another mile, and at night my brigade bivouacked within 1,000 yards of his main line of works. On the 16th I was again ordered to the front with my command, and that day advanced tn a ridge about 500 yards from the enemy's works, and threw up fortifications under a severe and destructive fire from his lines. A battery was placed in position near my left about midnight, and at daylight the 17th the enemy's skirmishers disappeared from my front, when it was discovered that during the night he had evacuated his fortified position and taken up a new one, also fortified, nearly a mile and a half to his rear. By your order the brigade moved forward, and that night bivouacked about three-fourths of a miles from the enemy's new line. On the 18th my command was advanced to a point in front of the west end of Kenesaw Mountain, and bivouacked near Noyes' Creek, which position was acquired after severe skirmishing. On the 19th my command was advanced across Noyes' Creek, driving the enemy before them, and capturing 40 prisoners. The Thirty-sixth Illinois, under Colonel S. Miller, and the Eighty-eighth Illinois Infantry, Colonel Chandler, formed my skirmish line, and were for a short time hotly engaged. My loss in this affair was 3 killed, 15 wounded, and 6 missing. On the 20th the brigade was relieved by a brigade from the Fourteenth Army Corps withdrawn across the creek. On the 21st the brigade, as the right

