
mand. 15th, the cavalry left and my lines were extended to the left. 16th, at 8.20 p. m., received orders to move a thousand yards to the left; the movement was effected at once. 17th, ordered ready to move with great secrecy to-morrow at dusk. 18th, had fires built to my left to the extent of another brigade to induce the enemy to believe we were developing our left. Orders to move suspended.

19th, the brigade on my left, Colonel Kirby's, moved to the Front to make a demonstration and my command was deployed into a single rank to hold the works in part thus vacated. Resumed old position in evening. 20th, General Grose made a reconnaissance and two of my regiments supported him; back by 10.30 a. m. 21st, 22d, and 23d, were quiet; only continued the fires on my left. 24th, received orders to move at night-fall to-morrow with sixty rounds of ammunition to each man, and the strictest secretary to be observed. 25th, at 6.45 p. m. my brigade commenced the movement; arrived at division headquarters at 7.45 p. m., and there awaited the passing of the First and Third Divisions. Resumed the march at 12 at night on the Buck Head road for some distance, then turned to the left, and at 4 o'clock night bivouacked near Proctor's Creek. 26th, the rebel skirmishers advanced toward us in early a. m. Took defensive position, my brigade on the left, General Bradley on my right. The enemy shelled my left, but did no harm. We soon moved toward the Sandtown road. Crossed Proctor's Creek rapidly, my brigade leading, and were soon in rear of the Twenty-third Corps. Bridged and crossed Utoy Creek, the hands of which were full from recent rains, and bivouacked in battle order some distance from the other brigades of the division and in a strong position.

27th, moved at about 3 p. m., my brigade in rear of the train. Got into a strong position after dark and put up works, General Wagner's brigade on my left and the Fifteenth Army Corps on my right.

28th, did not get thoroughly on the road till 4 p. m.; moved slowly on, the Fourteenth Army Corps leading; bivouacked after dark in two lines. 29th, took up defensive position in early a. m., General Wagner on my right and General Bradley on my left. Threw up breast-works. Ordered ready to move at 6 a. m. to-morrow. 30th, marched at 6 a. m., my brigade leading. Soon found a few cavalry; took 2 and killed another. Enemy made quite a sharp stand near the Widow Long's and another at Mann's house. The Eighty-eighth Illinois, Major Smith, and the Thirty-sixth Illinois. Lieutenant-Colonel Olson commanding, charged and drove them out of rail barricades in a handsome manner. We put up works at this house and bivouacked for the night, some of Third Brigade on my right and some of it on my left. 31st, the Twenty-third Corps came up in late morning, and at 10.30 a. m. we all advanced toward the Macon railroad. Soon crossed the headwaters of Flint River, and at dusk bivouacked in line of battle and put up defensive works.

September 1, marched at 10.30 a. m., and soon came the railroad, which we destroyed as we moved toward Jonesborough. When near the town and late in the p. m. I was ordered by General Newton to form in three lines and arrest the enemy, if possible. I was to guide right upon the Second Brigade, the Third Brigade to my left. The Seventy-fourth Illinois, Captain Bryan, was deployed as skirmishers, with orders to connect with General Wagner's left; and the Seventy-third Illinois, Major Motherspaw, was out as flankers. The brigades formed and moved forward successively as each came up from marching by the flank, which put us in echelon, and I had to

