
Numbers 35.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Porter C. Olson, Thirty-sixth, Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SIXTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 15, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders to forward an account of the part taken by the Thirty-sixth Regiment Illinois Infantry in the campaign which resulted in the capture of Atlanta, I have the honor to submit the following report:

The Thirty-sixth Illinois Infantry, Colonel Miller commanding, moved in column on the morning of May 3, 1864, with the First Brigade, of the Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, from Cleveland, Tenn., with an effective force of 18 officers, 315 enlisted men.

Arrived at Catoosa Springs, Ga., May 4, from which point the regiment marched with brigade to Rocky Face Ridge, arriving there on the 9th, and forming part of the force that supported General Harker's brigade while driving the enemy from a part of the ridge. On the morning of the 13th of May, the enemy having left our front, we moved through Dalton,. Ga., arriving at 12 m. the 14th within three miles of Resaca, Ga. At 3 p. m. of the same day, by order of the brigade commander, we were brought into action, the Thirty-sixth Illinois being the right regiment of the second line. The regiment moved forward over an open field swept by grape and canister to a ravine, which party sheltered the regiment. After a few minutes' rest the regiment was ordered by Colonel Miller to move upon the enemy's second line of works, the colonel not having been informed that we were supply to relieve a force of ours which held the first line. The regiment behaved well. Our loss in officers and men was severe. On the morning of the 16th of May, the enemy having again left our front, we marched through Resaca to a point one mile from Calhoun. On the 17th the Thirty-sixth Illinois was deployed as skirmishers and moved through Calhoun toward Adairsville. The skirmishing was very heavy, the enemy making a stubborn resistance. Before noon we lost 1 officer and 12 men; were relieved by the Eighty-eighth Illinois. At 5 p. m. of the same day, in accordance with orders from the brigade commander, the regiment was put into action and behaved with coolness and courage. The regiment again suffered severely in loss of officers and men.

On the morning of the 18th of May the Thirty-sixth Illinois, in accordance with orders, started in line of march in the column for Kingston. Move toward Dallas May 23, arrived near New Hope Church May 26. At this place we were under fire for eleven days, during which time the regiment was engaged in skirmishing, erecting works, and performing other duties incident to a position so close to the enemy. The patient endurance and determined bravery of both officers, and men during this time are worthy of highest praise. June 7, we marched to a point near Acworth, from which place, on the 10th, the regiment moved toward Kenesaw. On the 19th of June Colonel Miller was ordered by the brigade commander to advance the Thirty-sixth Illinois as skirmishers. The regiment was deployed and moved into a thicket so dense that but a few feet could be seen in advance; got very near the enemy before seeing them. The enemy were thrown into confusion, and it being utterly impossible to maintain a very regular line on our own part while

