
advancing through such a place, we soon became mingled with the enemy. While in this condition we took (in conjunction with the Eighty-eighth Illinois) 5 officers and 25 men prisoners. Only 7 men of the Thirty-sixth Illinois were captured by them. The firing was brisk, the enemy's resistance stubborn, as the list of casualties appended to this report will indicate. The Thirty-sixth Illinois formed part of the force ordered to storm the enemy's works on the morning of the 27th of June. Previous to the charge the regiment was advanced to support the skirmish line. When the charge was made the regiment moved forward with the main force. That the enemy's works were not carried it seems to me was not the fault of either officers or men. It was simply an impossibility on our part of the line.

The fortifications on our front consisted of heavy earth-works, deep moat, and intricate abatis. In addition to strong lines of infantry opposed to us, our entire front was swept by discharge of grape and canister. The regiment behaved in the most gallant manner. Our losses in the charge were heavy, comprising about 33 per cent. of the officers and men present for duty. Here fell Colonel Miller, mortally wounded, a brave and patriotic young officer of rare ability. The command of the regiment now devolved upon Captain McNeal. For a short time, commencing a few days previous to this, I make my report from data in possession of the adjutant, being myself absent sick. On the 2nd day of July, the enemy having left our front, the regiment marched through Marietta, Ga., toward the Chattahoochee River, crossed the river at Roswell on the 9th, and with the rest of the brigade fortified a position on the left bank of the stream. Several unimportant changes were made, when on the 18th of July the regiment with the army toward Atlanta, Ga. Was in battle on the left bank of Peach Tree Creek July 20.

Our loss was very light and that of the enemy very severe. The regiment remained in camp near Atlanta until August 1, when with the rest of the brigade moved to the extreme left of the army near the Augusta railroad. August 24, Lieutenant-Colonel Olson took command. In accordance with orders from Colonel Opdycke, the brigade commander, the Thirty-sixth Illinois marched with the column at dark August 25, in the direction of the right of the army, upon the Sandtown road. We reached the Macon railroad near Rough and Ready September 1. By direction of the brigade commander, we formed part of the force engaged in the destruction of the railroad between Rough and Ready and Jonesborough. At 5 p. m. I received orders from Colonel Opdycke to form the regiment on the left of the Eighty-eighth Illinois in the second line, this to the left of the railroad and about one and a half miles from Jonesborough. We moved forward for action; the enemy gave way before the skirmish line.

The enemy having evacuated, on the 2nd of September the Thirty-sixth Illinois marched with the column toward Lovejoy's Station.

When two miles distant, by order of Colonel Opdycke, I brought the regiment into position to the left, of the railroad, the right joining the left of the Eight-eighth Illinois, and, in further compliance with his order, advanced the regiment with the rest of the brigade to make a demonstration upon the enemy. We moved through a dense woods under fire from an unseen foe. Among the casualties of this day was Captain McNeal, mortally wounded. He was a

