
brave and faithful officer and a man of much personal worth. We moved back with the column from Lovejoy's, arriving at Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

To detail minutely the part taken by the regiment during the long campaign would extend this report to an improper length.

Many brave officers and men have fallen; their memory will be cherished by a grateful country. Among the offices was Colonel Miller, mortally wounded; has since died. His loss will be mourned not only by the regiment but by all who knew him.

The enlisted men of the regiment have endured the hardships and privations of this protracted struggle with a patience, zeal, and devotion worthy of the cause. I have not room to mention particular instances of gallantry; they have cheerfully performed every labor, and faced danger in every form required of them.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the conduct of the line officers, their cheerful obedience to orders, their bravery on the field, and their hearty co-operation with the regimental commander is worthy of highest praise.

I desire on my own part to thank Adjutant Case for the assistance he has rendered in the management of the regiment. Surgeon Lytle and Assistant Surgeon Hatch have been untiring in their efforts to relieve the wounded and sick. Captain Haigh, in addition to active religious effort, has been of great service to the regiment in providing reading matter and ministering to the wants of sick and wounded. I append to this report a list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PORTERS C. OLSON,

Lieutenant Colonel Thirty-sixth Illinois Infty., Vols. Commanding Regiment

Captain R. C. POWERS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 36.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Russell, Forty-fourth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-FOURTH REGIMENTS ILLINOIS VOLS.,Camp near Atlanta, September 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to present to you the following report of the part taken by the Forty-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteers:

We joined our brigade at Catoosa Springs May 5; marched for Dalton 7th.; went into position on Rocky Face Ridge on the 9th; on the 13th entered Dalton and marched south; the 14th came up with the enemy at Resaca; was engaged on the 14th and 15th, lost 24 men killed and wounded. On the 17th the regiment in the advance; we found the enemy near Adairsville intrenched; we engaged them and fought until after dark, when they retreated; we lost 4 killed and 32 wounded. We took part in the operations near Dallas, in which we lost 2 killed and 5 wounded. May 31, our adjutant was mortally wounded and 1 captain severely. In the skirmishing from Dallas to Kenesaw we had 10 men killed and wounded. In the charge on Kenesaw, June

---------------

* Shows 20 men killed, 10 officers and 122 men wounded, and 10 men missing; total 162.

---------------

