
27, we lost: Commissioned officers 3 wounded; enlisted men 5 killed and 28 wounded. In the siege of Atlanta the regiment lost, in killed and wounded, 13. August 26, marched toward the right flank of our any and southwest of Atlanta. August 30, was on the skirmish line; camp up with the enemy's skirmishers, charged them and drove them back. September 1, we took part with the brigade, by your order, in burning the Macon railroad. At 4 p. m. was in position in front of the enemy near Jonesborough; at 5 o'clock we advanced on the enemy and was ordered by you to charge with my regiment across a field and make a lodgment in the timber on the opposite side, which order my officers, and men executed with spirit. In the charge I had 8 men wounded, 3 mortally. September 2, while skirmishing with the enemy on the railroad south of Jonesborough, I had 3 men wounded. On the 4th I had 1 man wounded. Here the campaign closed.

Sir, I am happy to report to you that although the officers and men were on short rations, and had to work in the intrenchments by day and night, they did not complain, but showed a willingness to do their duty with spirit.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN RUSSELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Forty-fourth Regiment Illinois Vol. Infty., Commanding

Colonel E. OPDYCKE,

Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 37.

Report of Major Thomas W. Motherspaw, Seventy-third Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 11, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent campaign:

The Seventy-third Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers marched from Cleveland, Tenn., May 31, 1864, numbering about 250 guns; was engaged in action at Resaca, Ga., May 14 and 15; at Adairsville May 17; in various skirmishers from Dallas to Kennesaw Mountain; in the action of June 27 at Kenesaw; that of July 20 at Peach Tree Creek; in the operations before Atlanta from July 22 to August 26, and in the engagement at Jonesborough, Ga., on September 1.

The casualties in the command have been 2 commissioned officers wounded, 16 enlisted men killed or died of wounds, and 37 wounded, making a total of 55.

To my officers and men I return my hearty thanks for their prompt obedience to my orders and ready performance of duty at all times.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. W. MOTHERSPAW,

Major, Commanding Seventy-third Illinois Infantry.

Colonel E. OPDYCKE,

Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., 4th Army Corps.

