
Numbers 38.

Report of Captain Thomas J. Bryan, Seventy-fourth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH Regiment ILLINOIS VOL. INFTY.,Atlanta, Ga., September -, 1864.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the campaign which has just closed.

The regiment, under command of Colonel Jason Marsh, 384 strong, marched from Columbus, Tenn., on the 1st of May, 1864, and joined the brigade, then commanded by Colonel F. T. Sherman, at Cleveland, Tenn., the following day. On the 3rd of May, at 12 m., marched toward Dalton, in the course of the day passing through Red Clay, and bivouacking for the night at 6 p. m. near the Georgia line. May 4, marched at 8 a. m., camping at 4 p. m. near Catoosa Springs, where we lay until the 7th, when we marched at 5 a. m. During the day there was constant skirmishing in the advance, and little progress was made. At 1 p. m. camped near Tunnel Hill. May 8, marched at 11 a. m., advancing about two miles and camping near Rocky Face Ridge. May 9, at 2 a. m. regiment moved without arms to foot of the ridge and were occupied until daylight in dragging two pieces of artillery by hand to the crest of the ridge. Returned to camp, got breakfast, and at 7 a. m. moved again to crest of the ridge, where during the day the regiment took part in skirmishing, but without loss. At 8 p. m. moved down to foot of ridge and encamped for the night about two miles to the rear. May 10, moved at 6 a. m., and at 9 a. m. again marched to crest of the ridge, where we lay in line all day. This position was occupied by the regiment until the morning of the 13th. In this interval the regiment was on picket for thirty-six hours, from 12 midnight 11th to morning of the 13th, capturing 3 prisoners from the enemy. May 13, moved out at 7 a. m. down south slope of the ridge, and at 12 m. stacked arms in Dalton. At 3 p. m. marched on, halting at 5 p. m. to make office, camping at 11 p. m. by the roadside. May 14, moved at 4 a. m., advancing very slowly about two miles. The engagement commenced at noon. This regiment was sent into the action at 4 p. m., and at 7 p. m., their ammunition being exhausted, were sent to rear a short distance to replenish their cartridge-boxes. At 11 p. m. the regiment again moved out to the front, and during the night lay upon their arms in works which the enemy had been dislodged. May 15, the action recommenced at daylight, the regiment being engaged till 11 a. m. In this interval the cartridge-boxes of the men were twice refilled. Reported to Colonel Bradley, commanding Third Brigade, under whose orders moved a short distance to rear and stacked arms. In this battle (Resaca) the regiment lost 4 men killed and 22 wounded. May 16, it was ascertained at an early hour this morning that the rebel army had entirely disappeared from our front. Moved out at 8 a. m., passing through the works abandoned by the rebels during the night, and at 10 a. m. stacked arms in Resaca. Crossed the Oostenaula River at 11 a. m., halted for dinner, and at 3 p. m. again marched, going into bivouac about three miles south of Resaca and near Calhoun Station. During the afternoon's march frequent halts became necessary by reason of constant skirmishing in the advance. This night the regiment was on picket. May 17, marched at 5 a. m., and during the morning passed

