
through the town of Calhoun. During the day those regiments in the advance constantly skirmished with the enemy, and 3 p. m. the latter were found strongly posted about three miles north of the town of Adairsville. Our regiment, with orders of the brigade, was ordered to attack them at once; did so, and was engaged until 6 p. m., when ammunition being exhausted, the regiment moved to rear and bivouacked for the night. In the fight the regiment lost 1 commissioned officer wounded, 1 enlisted man killed, and 29 enlisted men wounded. May 18, during the night the enemy evacuated his position in our immediate front. Marched at 8 a. m., passing through the village of Adairsville during the forenoon, camping at dark near the railroad. May 19, marched at 7 a. m., passed through Kingston at noon, formed line of battle about 3 p. m., advanced to within two miles of Cassville, bivouacking at 10 p. m. Constant skirmishing during the day. Brigadier General Nathan Kimball, in compliance with orders from General Thomas, relieved Colonel Sherman in command of the brigade May 22. The regiment remained at this point at rest until 12 noon of the 23rd instant, when it marched in a southwesterly direction, crossing the Etowah River at 10 p. m., camping at midnight four miles beyond the river. May 24, marched at 6 a. m., moving slowly and with frequent halts, camping at 8 p. m. May 25, marched at 9 a. m., halting at 4 p. m., lay in line of battle all this night (25-26). Continuous rain all night. This near New Hope Church. May 26, slightly changed position this morning, and at 10 a. m. establish a line and built works under the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters. Constant skirmishing all day. This night lay on arms. Loss, 1 enlisted man wounded. May 27, this morning moved a short distance to the right and lay in works until 4 p. m., when the regiment moved out to advance line of works, and engaged the enemy until darkness set in. Loss, 1 advanced man killed and 2 wounded. Moved to right, battalion distance, and lay on arms all following night. May 28, lay in front line all day, heavily skirmishing with the enemy, whose works were 300 yards in front. Moved back to third line of works at 8 p. m., and lay for the night. Loss during the day 2, enlisted men killed, 5 enlisted men wounded. May 29, at 8 p. m. regiment moved out and went on picket, occupying hastily constructed rifle-pits immediate in front our works, and distant about 150 yards from enemy's main line of works. At 9 p. m. the enemy opened on us with heavy musketry firing. To this we replied with rapid and continuous musketry from the rifle-pits, while a battery in our works near by shelled the enemy's line. In half an about the firing ceased and the night passed quietly. May 30, regiment relieved from picket at 8 p. m. and moved back to second line of works, where we lay for the night. There was constant skirmishing all day, our loss being 2 enlisted men killed. May 31, at sundown moved out to front line of works, where we lay all night. June 1, lay in front all day; at dark were relieved and moved to rear, where lay for the night. June 2, lay still all day; 1 man wounded. June 3, at dark moved out to front line of works. June 4, entire division was relieved at dark and regiment moved one mile to rear and lay for the night. June 5, rebels evacuated their works during the past night. Regiment changed front and built works. June 6, at 5 a. m. moved two miles to rear to escort hospital trains. Rejoined brigade at 7 a. m. Marched at 8 a. m. At 2 p. m. brigade halted and regiment went on picket. June 7, skirmished with rebel cavalry, capturing 8 prisoners. No loss in regi-

