
ment. June 8, moved at 7 a. m., rejoining the division at 2 p. m. and camping four miles from Acworth. June 9, lay in camp. June 10, marched at 7 a. m., halting frequently and making but little progress, camping 7 p. m., having advanced but three miles. Colonel Marsh having been ordered to Nashville for medical treatment, Lieutenant-Colonel Kerr took command of regiment to-day. June 11, moved at 9 a. m. very slowly, the road being crowed with troops, and at 12 halter near Pine Mountain. Remained at this place until June 14. The roads were very bad by reason of daily heavy rains. June 14, advanced one mile. June 15, from 2 p. m. to 6 p. m., advanced two miles, regiment being formed in close column by division, and bayonets fixed, in momentary expectation of a charge. At 6 p. m., enemy being found strongly posted in our immediate front, the brigade halted and immediately built a line of works, where we lay for the night. During the day there had been constant skirmishing. June 16, at 3 a. m. regiment moved forward and relieved troops in reserve of skirmish line, and built a line of works. Regiment went on picket. Loss this day, 3 men wounded. June 17, at daylight it was discovered that the enemy had abandoned during the night his works in our immediate front. The regiment immediately advanced as skirmishers and occupied these works. Were relieved at 8 a. m. During the day the brigade advanced about one mile. June 18, this morning the regiment was in support of the skirmish line; at 9 a. m. advanced through woods, across a marsh and creek, the men wading to their middles, and occupied works from which the enemy had just been driven by the skirmishers of General Harker's brigade. During part night, and all this day it rained continuously. Loss in regiment, 1 man killed, 2 men wounded. June 19, brigade advanced slowly to-day; the Thirty-sixth Illinois skirmished with the enemy, who were driven two miles and finally came to a stand in a line of works at the foot of Kenesaw Mountain. June 20, built a line of works to-day under fire from the rebel batteries. No one hurt in the regiment, although several of the tents were struck. At dark regiment relieved by troops of the Fourteenth Army Corps and moved to the right, where we went on picket. June 21, moved to right about one mile, relieving troops of Twentieth Army Corps in works. In the afternoon the Forty-fourth Illinois advanced as skirmishers one-half mile, supported by this regiment. A new line was established and works thrown up at once. Loss, 4 men wounded. June 22, brigade moved forward, skirmishing with enemy to a ridge 600 yards in advance and occupied the same. Timber was cut in the rear during the afternoon, and at dark the men carried the longs to top of the ridge and built a line of works; 2 men wounded. Jun 23, at 3 p. m. regiment advanced, supporting Twenty-sixth Ohio, skirmishers of Second Brigade, and occupied rifle-pits, from which the enemy were driven. Works were immediately commenced, but the enemy having driven in the skirmishers, part of the regiment was deployed and drove the enemy back. The building of works was resumed and the line completed during the night. Loss, 1 commissioned officer wounded, 1 man killed, 7 men wounded. June 24, relieved from skirmish line at 9 p. m., where we remained until June 27. At 9 a. m. regiment, with brigade, formed in close column by division and moved out of its works. At 9.30 a. m., from a position occupied in a deep ravine, charged the rebel works. Persistent and repeated attempts to advance only showed that the enemy was too strongly posted to make

