
success possible without too great a sacrifice. The regiment was subject to a direct fire from one of the enemy's batteries at a very short range. These guns were loaded with grape and canister, and did fearful execution. Many men in the regiment advanced so far that they crept up under, the very muzzles of these guns. In addition the enemy's skirmishers had fallen back to their main line of works, from whence we received a constant and deadly fire of musketry. At 10 a. m., in pursuance of orders, the regiment fell back to its position of the morning. Went into action this morning with 17 officers and 190 enlisted men. Losses this day were as follows: Commissioned officers, killed, 2; mortally wounded (since died), 3; wounded, 2. Enlisted men killed, 15; mortally wounded (since died). 7; wounded, 27; missing, 7. Aggregate loss 63. Colonel Kerr, foremost in the regiment was captured mortally wounded. The undersigned, being senior officer, assumed command of the regiment and brought it off the field. June 28, 1 man was wounded this day. Lay in these works until July 2, when, at 9 p. m., moved to left one mile, and at 12 m., relieved Third Division in works. July 3, at 3 a. m. this morning it was discovered that the rebels had evacuated all the works around Kenesaw and the mountain itself. Troops were immediately sent in pursuit. The regiment moved out at 7 a. m., and at 11 a. m. stacked arms in Marietta. Moved on, and at 7.30 p. m. camped at Smyrna Camp-Ground, the regiment going on picket. July 4, the regiment was on the skirmish line all day, advancing one and a half miles, driving the enemy from their rifle-pits under a heavy fire. Loss this day, 7 men wounded, 2 of them mortally. July 5, moved out at 7 a. m., advancing slowly. Constant skirmishing in the advance. At 3 p. m. halted and camped at Vining's Station.

Remained at this place until July 7. At 8 a. m. moved two miles to left and camped near Rottenwood Creek. Remained at this place until July 9. Marched at 6.30 a. m., reaching Roswell at 4 p. m. Crossed the Chattahoochee River at a ford at 7 p. m., the men wading.

Moved up top of bluff one mile from the river and lay for the night. July 10, built a line of works. July 11, recrossed the river at noon, and camp at Roswell. July 12, moved back to camp of 8th instant. July 13, marched at 9 a. m., crossing river at Pace's Ferry at 10 a. m. Went into bivouac 3 p. m., and built a line of works two miles above ferry. July 14, in compliance with orders, regiment reported to Captain Bridges, chief of ordnance Fourth Corps, for fatigue duty, by whose direction the regiment was employed during the day in building a road from Pace's Ferry up the bluff, as well as a bridge across the river. Bivouacked by the river to-night. July 15, moved back to works occupied on 13th instant. July 17, at 3 p. m. regiment went on reconnaissance about one mile to the front no enemy, and returning at 5 p. m. July 18, marched at 6 a. m. At 8 a. m. skirmishing commenced, and for an hour was lively and continuous. Some shells were thrown from the rebel batteries, but Spencer's guns getting into position soon silenced them. At 2 p. m. went into camp at Buck Head, and built works in the afternoon. A part of the regiment, in charge of Captain Hobart H. Hatch, made a reconnaissance during the day, and found the enemy strongly posted on the south bank of Peach Tree Creek. July 19, at 4 p. m. the regiment relieved the Fifteenth Missouri on picket. At 7 p. m. picket-line was withdrawn and regiment rejoined the brigade, which had advanced about one mile. At 11 p. m. crossed Peach Tree Creek and occupied works which had been

