
built by Wood's division, who had also carried the position. July 20, at 7 a. m. the regiment was deployed as skirmishers, the Eighty-eighth Illinois being on our right. At 1 p. m. the skirmish line advanced double-quick, charging and driving the enemy from two lines of rifle-pits, gaining one-half a mile of ground. The regiment captured of prisoners, 1 surgeons, 2 enlisted men; also, an ambulance and span of mules. A commanding position on the ridge, from which rebel skirmish line had been dislodged, was gained and occupied by the regiment. At 2 p. m. the Fifteenth Missouri relieved us from the skirmish line, when we commenced building works.

At 3 p. m., while the works were very incomplete, the enemy advanced in force, the skirmishers fell back, and a heavy engagement ensued, continuing until 6 p. m., the enemy making persistent attempts to advance and force the position, while our men, protected by their works, poured a continuous and deadly fire upon the enemy, killing and wounding such numbers that they gladly gave up the endeavor as vain. Loss, 1 commissioned officer and 3 men wounded. Remained at this place until July 22. The enemy during the night evacuated his works in our immediate front; moved out at 10 a. m. At 12 a. m., having advanced two miles, came to a halt. At 2 p. m. got into a position and built of works under a furious fire of shell from the enemy. At 4 p. m. moved to the right about one half mile and again built works, the enemy still shelling us. Remained in this place until July 24. At 7.30 p. m. regiment was ordered out to a ridge lying between our works and the skirmish line, to support the pioneers, who were to build there a new line of works. This regiment worked, however, until 4 a. m. the following morning. During the night one man was struck by a shell and his arm broken. Remained here until July 26. At 11 a. m. were relieved by troops of the Third Brigade, and moved one-half mile to rear in reserve. Remained at this place, in camp, until August 1.

Marched 4.30 p. m., moving to left, halting at 6 p. m. near Howard house, relieving troops in the works there. Regiments went on picket in plain view of Atlanta, one and a quarter miles distant.

August 2, relieved from skirmish line at 9 p. m. by the Thirty-sixth Illinois, when we moved back to the works. By order of General Newton, Colonel E. Opdycke this day (August 6) assumed command of brigade. All quiet up to August 12. Regiment went on a reconnaissance at noon, advancing about 600 yards beyond the skirmish line, and losing, 1 man killed. August 14, enemy shelled the camp this evening, firing rapidly, commencing at 8 p. m. and continuing until 11 p. m. No casualties occurred in the regiment.

Nothing important transpired until August 17. At 7.30 p. m. moved three-quarters of a mile to the left, and occupied works, remaining until August 25. Marched at 7 p. m., and all following night, toward right wing of the army. August 26, halted at 4 a. m. At 8 a. m. ready to march. Enemy being reported advancing, brigade built a line of works. Marched at 10 a. m. very rapidly to right.

Violent rain in the afternoon; camping at 5 p. m. August 27, marched at 3 p. m., camping at 9 p. m. near Mount Gilead Church; regiment on picket. August 28, marched at 3 p. m., camping at 9 p. m. Remained until August 30. Marched at 6 a. m., crossing the La Grange railroad. At noon halted and threw up works.

August 31, marched at 11 a. m., slowly and with frequent halts. At 7 p. m. halted and built works. September 1,

21 R R-VOL XXXVIII PT I

