
marched at 7 a. m. At 9 a. m. struck the Macon railroad at Battle Station. Were occupied in destroying track, burning ties, and bending rails until 4 p. m., when the march to Jonesborough, via the railroad, was resumed. At 5 p. m., and about one and a half miles north of Jonesborough, regiment was deployed as skirmishers; advanced rapidly, and at 6 p. m. engaged the enemy's skirmishers, driving them and capturing 11 prisoners, in addition to a hospital with nearly 150 wounded men and attendants. In order to connect with the Second Brigade, the regiment, soon after dark, was forced to move to the right. This left the rebel hospital in front of the skirmishers of the Third Brigade, whose line was not so far advanced as that of this regiment. It also afforded the opportunity to the Third Brigade to claim the credit of capturing the hospital. Loss in the regiment, 1 man wounded, 1 commissioned officer and 12 men taken prisoners. September 2, moved out at 7 a. m., passing through Jonesborough and halting at 1 p. m., about four miles south of that town. Regiment was immediately deployed as skirmishers, advanced one mile without resistance, and came to a halt in a deep ravine, distant from the enemy's rifle-pits about 150 yards, and from their main line of works about 400 yards. At 5 p. m., having been ordered to make a demonstration, advanced to top of hill opposite and exchanged shots with enemy's skirmishers until darkness set in. At 11 p. m. were relieved by the Twenty-fourth Wisconsin and moved back into works. September 3, moved into position in front line of brigade and built line of works. September 4, 1 man wounded. September 5, marched to rear at 8 p. m., marching all night. September 6, camped at 2 a. m. September 7, marched at 7 a. m., camping at 1 p. m., about eight miles from Atlanta. September 8, marched at 9 a. m., arriving in Atlanta at noon.

The entire losses of the campaign foot up as follows: Commissioned offices killed or died from wounds, 5; enlisted men killed or died from wounds; 50; commissioned officers wounded, 4; enlisted men wounded, 25; aggregate, 175.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. BRYAN,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel E. OPDYCKE,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 39.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Smith, Eighty-eight Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS.,Atlanta, September 10, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the regiment which I have the honor to command in the campaign which has resulted in the capture from the enemy and occupation of Atlanta:

On the 3rd day of May, 1864, the regiment marched from Cleveland, Tenn., its effective strength being 18 officers and 261 men. Subsequently it assisted in the occupation of Rocky Face Ridge after

