
the capture of that place by the Third Brigade, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps. May 14 and 15, it was engaged with the enemy at Resaca. May 17, skirmished from Calhoun, Ga., to Pleasant Hill; engaged at Pleasant Hill from 4 p. m. to 6 p. m. May 25, took position at New Hope Church, on left of Twentieth Army Corps; engaged constantly in skirmishing for eleven days. June 6 and 7, covered removal of hospital, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps.

18th, supported skirmish line at Mud Creek. 19th, skirmished on Noonday Creek, in front of Kenesaw Mountain, taking 12 prisoners. 27th, formed part of column of attack on enemy's works.

July 9, marched to Roswell and forded Chattahoochee River. 11th, recrossed river and returned to Rottenwood Creek. 13th, crossed river at Powers' Ferry. 20th, skirmished with the enemy, driving him and capturing three lines of skirmish pits, gained position; was attacked by enemy in afternoon, and repulsed him. July 22, moved to position in front of Atlanta and built works. August 1, moved to left of line, relieving Twenty-third Army Corps. 25th, marched to west of Atlantic and Western Railroad. 30th, skirmished, with enemy, driving him. September 1, marched to Jonesborough; in second line, moved upon the enemy, forcing him back. 8th, returned to Atlanta. The above summary indicates the marked points of a campaign of incessant marching, building works, and fighting.

The records of the regiment exhibit the loss of several officers and many men, chief among then the accomplished, zealous, and brave Lieutenant Colonel George W. Chandler, killed in the charge of the 27th of June, than whom no purer or more gallant spirit has fallen as a sacrifice for the honor of the Government. First Lieutenant Noah W. Rae, who died June 2, 1864, from wounds received May 17, was an excellent and brave officer.

I deem worthy of special mention for meritorious conduct during the campaign the following officers: Captain John W. Chickering, jr., Company F; Captain Dean R. Chester, Company G; First Lieutenant James Rhines, Company E; First Lieutenant Albion G. Burnap, Company A.

Accompanying this is a list of casualties* of the regiment during the campaign.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant N. P. JACKSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 40.

Report of Colonel Bernard Laiboldt, Second Missouri Infantry, of operations August 14-15 (Wheeler's raid.)
HEADQUARTERS POST OF DALTON, GA.,August 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to lay before you a report of the engagement the forces under my command had on the 14th and 15th days of this month with the raiders under Major-General Wheeler:

About 4 p. m. on Sunday, the 14th, a part of Wheeler's force, at

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 officer and 25 men killed, 4 officers and 81 men wounded, and 1 officer and 3 men missing, total, 115.

---------------

