
of our brigade, connecting on my left with the Twenty-fourth Wisconsin and right with General Wood's division. In this position I remained all night. Was relieved the next morning (18th) at 6 o'clock by the Forty-second Illinois Volunteers. Continued our march again on same duty. Passed Kingston on the 19th. Encamped near Kinston until May 22, when we again moved on. Met the enemy again on the 25th of May near Dallas. During the stay of our army before Dallas my regiment was almost daily more or less engaged with the enemy. Companies F, G. and I, especially, suffered severely on the 27th, a new skirmish line being established on that day, and said companies being out as skirmishers. On 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th of June we guarded, with the rest of our brigade, the hospital of our corps. Joined the army again on the 9th of June. Moved on the 11th. Were again engaged June 27 near Kenesaw Mountain. My regiment, which had been relieved at 5 o'clock in the morning from picket, was posted on the left of the second line of our brigade. We moved in close column by division right in front.

A terrible artillery fire and musketry received us as soon as we came outside of our breast-works and crossing an open field. When we came to a halt I deployed my regiment and covered our left flank, in which position I remained until I received orders from Brigadier General N. Kimball, commanding First Brigade, to withdrawn my regiment to take out old position we had left in the morning. The order was carried out in good order. We were kept in reserve until the 30th of June, when the regiment took position on the left of the front line, where we remained until July 2, 8 p. m., when we moved to the left. Marched again on the 3rd of July. Passed Marietta. Remained all the day on the 4th of July in camp in line of battle. Moved on the 5th. Encamped near the Chattahoochee River. Changed camps on the 7th of July. Marched to Roswell July 9. Crossed the Chattahoochee River the same night. Recrossed the river on the 12th.

Arrived in camp again on the 13th of July. Crossed the river again on the 14th. Stayed in camp until July the 18th. Resumed our march again. Camped that night near Buck Head. Left camp in the evening of the 19th; crossed Peach Tree Creek and went in position. On the 20th of July, in the morning, changed our position.

My regiment was posted in the center of the second line. About 3 p. m. I was ordered to relieve the Eighty-eight Illinois Volunteers, then deployed as skirmishers. After having the same relieved I was ordered to advance to ascertain the enemy's position, strength, &amp;c. Notwithstanding that I had no connection on my left, I moved forward, being ordered to do so by General Kimball. Having advanced about 400 yards my right met the enemy's skirmishers in a hollow, where they had rifle-pits, out of which we drove them. My regiment was nearly on the summit of a very commanding ridge in front of us when the Seventy-third Illinois, with which we connected on our right, came to halt. I also ordered halt, the same time refusing my left in order to protect my left flank. I then ordered a few men to go on the top of the ridge to ascertain if any enemy in force was near us. They came back in a few minutes reporting to me that the enemy was approaching in heavy columns on our left and also in our immediate front. Their reports proved to be true. A few minutes afterward the enemy appeared in heavy force right in our front, on our left and right, firing and yelling, demanding to surrender, &c. Seeing the impossibility to hold my ground, I order the men to fall slowly back, which was done in good order, the men

