
running from tree to tree, always keeping firing up, until we came near our works. The Second Battalion of the regiment, having to make a detour, came in the works of the Second Brigade, where they remained fighting with the rest of said brigade until toward evening. The First Battalion came in on the main Atlanta road. I posted it on the right of the Eighty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, near the First Ohio Battery, where the men bravely fought. Toward evening, after we had the enemy several times repulsed, I moved the Second Battalion also there. We kept this position until July 22. On the 22nd of July, under a most galling artillery fire, we took our position, my regiment on the left of the second line of the main Atlanta road near the White house, in which position we remained until July 26, when our brigade was put in reserve.

On the 1st day of August our brigade moved to the left, near the Howard house, where we stayed until August 25, when the regiment, with the rest of the brigade, moved to the right. Continued our march with the brigade. Met the enemy again September 1 near Jonesborough. My regiment was held in reserve until about 6 p. m., when I was ordered by the colonel commanding brigade to deploy my men as skirmishers and drive the enemy out of their rifle-pits the same had in front of us near a belt of woods. We advanced and drove the enemy out of their works. Received afterward orders to advance again as skirmishers; did so. Advanced about 500 yards and established there picket-line, where I remained until next morning about 5 a. m., when I was ordered to advance as skirmishers; but after having advanced about a quarter of a mile, was ordered back and joined the brigade again. Marched that day to the neighborhood of Lovejoy's Station, where we went in position, my regiment being the farther right one of the second line.

Left camp September 5 at 8 p. m. and arrived here in camp near Atlanta, Ga., September 8.

As to casualties, I respectfully refer to you list forwarded to you before.*

I remain very respectfully,

JOSEPH CONRAD,

Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth Regiment Missouri Infty.

Lieutenant N. P. JACKSON,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, Second Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 42.

Report of Major Arthur MacArthur, jr., Twenty-Fourth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH WISCONSIN VOL. INFTY.,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 12, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the late campaign:

On the 3rd of May, 1864, the regiment rejoined the brigade while on the march, having for the previous three months been on duty at the headquarters Second Division. On the 9th we advanced and took position on Rocky Face Ridge in front of Dalton; remained in

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 19 killed, 45 wounded, and 2 missing.

---------------

