
this position with some slight changes until the morning of the 13th, when it was ascertained that the enemy had evacuated their fortified position. We passed through Dalton and continued the march in the direction of Resaca, near which place the enemy were developed on the 14th. About 2 p. m. advanced with the brigade about 300 yards, when we debouched into an open field. Here we were exposed to galling fire of both artillery and small-arms. Receiving no orders to halt, the regiment advanced at a double-quick step toward a small elevation, behind which we took temporary shelter. After a short delay we advanced to the crest of the elevation and engaged the enemy. In crossing the field before mentioned the regiment became detached from the brigade, the balance of the brigade, with the exception of the Fifteenth Missouri and Thirty-sixth Illinois, not crossing the field. After being engaged about two hours I went to the rear with the command to replenish ammunition, clean guns, &amp;c. Toward night I again took position, but was not engaged, night having temporarily put an end to the fighting. About 2 a. m. on the morning of the 15th I was relieved from this position and retired about 200 yards, where I remained until daylight. About 8 a. m. on the 15th I again engaged the enemy, but as we were behind works not any one was injured. Toward noon I relieved some troops on the right of Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery.

I retained this position until the next morning, when the fact was developed that the enemy had left our front. During the engagement Lieutenant Colonel T. S. West was wounded. This developed the command upon myself. The line of march was immediately taken up in pursuit of the retiring enemy. Passing through Resaca, we camped on the night of the 16th near Calhoun, through which town we passed the next morning. Toward noon I relieved the Thirtieth Illinois is support of the skirmish line. The skirmishers advanced without any aid from me of any moment until within a few miles of Adairsville, Ga. Here the enemy displayed so strong a force that Colonel Barrett, commanding the skirmish line, requested me to deploy three companies on the right of the road to assist his line.

In accordance with the request, I deployed Companies A, F, and D, under command of Lieutenant T. T. Keith. Shortly after Colonel Barrett requested me to bring the balance of my command to his assistance. I immediately deployed two more companies on the right and the remaining four companies on the left of the road. The united efforts of the two regiments made no visible impression on the enemy. Shortly after the entire brigade became engaged; the fighting was very severe and lasted from about 3 p. m. until after dark. I have to lament in this engagement the loss of Lieutenant Thomas T. Keith, killed, and Lieutenant George Allanson, severely wounded. The next morning the march was resumed, passing through Adairsville in the direction of Kingston, where we arrived without any interruption of movement on the 19th of May. Remained in camp near Kingston until the 23rd of May, when the march was again resumed and continued without interruption until arriving in the vicinity of Dallas on the 25th. On the height of the 25th got into position; in the morning threw up works. Remained in this position eleven days, all the time under fire, men being killed and wounded in the most retired line of works. While in this position Lieutenant George Coote was severely wounded.

From the position in front of Dallas we moved toward Acworth, near which place I remained until the 10th of June. Nothing of

