
moment occured in my command until the 15th, on the night of which day we threw up works, which were abandoned on the 16th, and a new line constructed in advance. On the morning of the 17th it was again ascertained that the enemy had evacuated their position in our front. On the morning of the 18th advanced on the enemy by the right of companies to the front. This was accomplished with a great deal of difficulty, as the rain was pouring in torrents and the ground to be passed over almost impassable on account of mud; during the day threw up works under fire. During the night the enemy again left their position; they were again developed near Kenesaw Mountain. The next morning (20th) works were constructed which were a valuable protection in the afternoon. During the day Captain David Y. Horning, Company E, was wounded. During the evening I was relieved from my position by a portion of the Fourteenth Army Corps. After getting into position works were immediately constructed. On the morning of the 22nd I was ordered with my command on the skirmish line. In accordance with instructions from the division officer of the day, I advanced in conjunction with the skirmishers of the Twentieth Army Corps. Owing to some misunderstanding the line connecting with my left did not advance, thus exposing my left to a flank movement and my entire line to an enfilading fire. On this account I was compelled to retire, leaving 2 of my dead in the enemy's skirmish works. In the afternoon I advanced again and occupied successfully all the ground that was desired. I was relieved toward midnight, when I retired behind the works, in which position I remained without anything of moment occurring until the morning of the 27th. In accordance with direction, I formed my regiment on the First Division, right in front, and directly in the rear of the Eighty-eighth Illinois. About 8.30 the formation was completed, and the advance ordered; the ground to be passed over was covered with fallen timber, forming an almost impassable abatis; the men, however, advanced most admirably. Having advanced three-fourths of the distance between our own and the enemy' works, I was ordered to halt. The head of the column had reached the enemy's works and on account of our halting began to retire in some confusion, this was communicated to some extent to the men that were somewhat retired, but was quickly quieted. I remained in this position exposed to a most galling fire of artillery and infantry for half an hour, unable to reply on account of the formation. After it had been sufficiently demonstrated that we could not occupy the enemy's works, I was ordered to retire with my command. I marched my regiment back to the position occupied before the assault. In this engagement I have to lament the loss temporarily of Adjutant Horace Buchanan, who was quite severely wounded.

On the night of the 27th I was on picket, on which tour of duty I lost several men wounded.

I remained in the position behind the works until the 2nd day of July, when I was relieved from my position and ordered to a position about a mile to the left of my former one. On the morning of the 3rd it was again found that the enemy had left our front. The march was taken and continued until about five miles south of Marietta, where the enemy was found. This position was evacuated on the morning of the 5th of July. The line of march was immediately taken up in pursuit, and on the night of the 5th we camped on the

