
north bank of the Chattahoochee River. Remained in this position with a slight change of camp until the 13th, on which day we crossed the Chattahoochee River and went into camp, where we remained until the 18th. On the night of the 19th crossed Peach Tree Creek and took position near where the battle was fought the next day. The engagement of the 20th was a very brilliant affair, the enemy advancing on our works, which were very hastily constructed, and were each time repulsed and driven back in great disorder. On the 21st I remained quiet all day, and on the 22nd the enemy retired; we immediately pursued and got into position in the vicinity of Atlanta. Threw up works; remained here with a slight change of position until the 25th of August, on the night of which we retired from our position and marched toward the right; continued the march without anything of any moment occurring until the 1st of September, when we struck the Macon railroad, spent most of the day in destroying the road. Toward evening the firing on the right indicated that the enemy were being engaged by some portion of our army. Took my position in line at double-quick and advanced by the right of companies to the front. About 5.30 p. m. became engaged; moved across an open field in conjunction with the Forty-fourth Illinois. In this affair I have to lament the loss of Lieutenant Fred. Schlenstedt, who was killed. On the morning of the 2nd we advanced without opposition until near Lovejoy's Station. At this place went into position and remained here until the night of the 5th, when we retired in the direction of Atlanta, which place we arrived at on the 8th, and went into our present camp.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of both officers and men throughout the long and tedious campaign, and I desire to make especial mention of Lieutenant J. W. Clark, for his valuable assistance throughout the entire campaign.*

I remain, lieutenant, your most obedient servant,

ARTHUR MacARTHUR, Jr.,

Major, Commanding Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Volunteers.

[Lieutenant N. P. JACKSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 43.

Report of Brigadier General George D. Wagner, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

SIR: The following is respectfully submitted as a report of the part taken by my brigade, composed of the Fortieth and Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, the Twenty-sixth and Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteers, the Twenty-eight Kentucky Volunteers, and the One hundred Illinois Volunteers, in the campaign which terminated in the capture of Atlanta:

At the beginning of the campaign the effective force of the brigade was 137 officers and 1,870 men.

On Tuesday, the 3rd day of May, 1864, my brigade, with the rest of General Newton's division, marched from Cleveland southward

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 2 officers and 21 men killed, 5 officer and 71 men wounded, and 3 men missing; total, 102.

---------------

