
on the road leading toward Dalton, Ga. We arrived at Catoosa Springs on the 5th of May, nothing of importance having occurred during the march. The command laid by one day at the Springs.

On the morning of Saturday, May 7, we were again put in motion and moved on the road leading by Lee's house, in the direction of Tunnel Hill. We arrived at the tannery, about one and a half miles from the town, in the afternoon and encamped for the night. On the afternoon of Sunday, the 8th, pursuant to orders from General Newton, I moved my command eastward into the valley which surrounded the northern extremity of Rocky Face Ridge, for the purpose of supporting General Harker's brigade, which had driven the enemy from his advanced position and effected a lodgment on the ridge. The evening passed off without any demonstration from the enemy and I removed my brigade back to camp at the tannery and remained over night. On the morning of Monday, May 9, General Newton directed me to move my command into position on the crest of Rocky Face, on the left of Harker's brigade. The nature of the ground was such as to throw our line on the ridge at right angles with the enemy's works, which were on the east side of the ridge and in plain view from our position. In the afternoon General Newton directed me to swing my left forward, for the purpose of joining the right of General Schofield's corps, which was moving in line down the valley on the east side of Rocky Face, with the view of developing the enemy's works. I found myself unable, however, to join General Schofield's right flank without losing my connection with the left of Harker's brigade, which I was directed to maintain and support him in the event of his making an attack.

Adjusting my lines with Harker's left, I moved cautiously upon the enemy's works until the skirmishers of my right regiment became engaged, the enemy opening furiously with musketry. About this time a portion of Harker's brigade assaulted the enemy on the crest of the ridge, but were unable to carry the works, and I withdrew my command and took position on the top of the ridge. After dark I relieved General Harker's brigade with mine, and having taken measures to avoid surprise, my brigade bivouacked for the night. With the exception of picket-firing, the lines remained quiet during that night and the next day. On the evening of the 10th my brigade was relieved by the First Brigade, under Colonel Sherman, and I withdrew farther north along the ridge. On the evening of the 11th I was directed to take a position on the north end no Rocky Face, where I remained over night. At daylight on the morning of the 12th I was directed to march by brigade into the valley on the west side of the ridge, and took position in the north end of the valley, covering the approaches from that direction. The enemy threatened our front with a heavy force of infantry, driving in General Stoneman's cavalry, and I made ready to receive him, covering my lines with hastily thrown-up works. The enemy, however, withdrew from our front, after driving in the cavalry, and the night passed quietly the men sleeping on their arms. On the morning of the 13th it was ascertained that the enemy had evacuated his works at Buzzard Roost Gap and retreated southward in the direction of Resaca. We moved on in pursuit, passing through the town of Dalton and down the valley on the east side of the Chattooga Mountain, going into camp near Tilton.

On Saturday, the 14th, we again moved forward and formed a junction about 9 a. m. with General Schofield's corps, which was

