
moving upon the enemy, who was found to be intrenched near Resaca. About midday General Newton put his division into position on the left of the Twenty-third Corps, and my lines, advanced to within 500 yards of the enemy's rifle-pits and artillery, the enemy's guns being protected by heavy earth-works, with an open field in front, where the enemy shelled us most furiously. I here lost one of my very best officers, Lieutenant Colonel Lennard, Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, by shell. This was a great loss to this regiment, the brigade the service, and to this country. He lived as a soldier and gentleman, and died like a hero and Christian. All honor to his memory. After night-fall I constructed a line of works on the crest of a ridge in the open field in advance of my position, and placing two regiment (the Fifty-seventh Indiana and the Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteers) to support them, I put two batteries of artillery in position, which opened on the enemy's works at daylight next morning and effectually silence his artillery, which had been delivering a galling fire upon our troops the day before. On the morning of the 15th General Newton directed me to relieve Colonel Sherman's brigade, which was done accordingly, and a heavy fire kept up throughout the day between my lines and the enemy, both being behind works and not over 100 yards apart. At about 11 p. m. the enemy made a demonstration against my front with a heavy musketry fire, which was promptly returned by my advanced line, which held its ground. The firing was kept up for half an hours, when the demonstration ceased and all remained quiet till morning, when it was found that the enemy had evacuated Resaca and crossed the Oostenaula River. On the 16th the division crossed the river and moved southward in the direction of Calhoun, which point we reached at sundown and encamped for the night. On the 17th we again took up the line of march and reached a point near Adairsville, where enemy were found in force, my brigade taking position in rear of Colonel Sherman's, which was skirmishing heavily with the enemy, my troops being disposed so as to cover and protect Sherman's right flank. Late in the evening I relieved Colonel Sherman's command with my brigade, and continued skirmishing with the enemy till after dark, suffering a loss in my command of 26 men wounded. The enemy evacuated during the night. On the morning of the 18th we continued our march, passing through Adairsville and taking the road leading to Kingston, and camped by the railroad at a point some four miles from the latter place. On the 19th we continued our march, arriving at Kingston at noon. At 2 o'clock, pursuant to orders from General Newton, I marched my brigade southward across Two-Run Creek and took position in a open field, from which the enemy was in plain view, but beyond the range of musketry fire.

I remained here but a short time, when General Newton directed me to move my brigade to a point about a mile farther east, which I did, recrossing the creek and taking position in an open field near the -Mills. I here threw forward a regiment, deploying one-half as skirmishers, and prepared to advance. Just at this time a brigade of General Geary's division, of the Twentieth Corps, came up on my left. I pushed forward and again crossed the creek just below the mills, and advanced across the open field about three-fourths of a mile and massed my troops at the edge of the woods. We lay here for half an hour, when General Newton directed me to move forward and put my brigade in line, joining my left with the right of the Twentieth Corps, but before I could gain this point the lines

