
were closed by the First Division, of the Fourth Corps, forming a junction with Geary's division. By this time night had come on and we took a position in reserve and bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 20th no enemy was found in front of our army, and my command remained here till noon of the 23d, when I was directed by General Newton to march my brigade in the direction of the Etowah River at Gillem's Bridge, which was reached before sundown, but the road being filled with troops and transportation from other division my brigade was delayed crossing till long after dark.
After crossing the river we marched some four miles in the direction of Euharlee Creek, and bivouacked for the night. On the 24th we again moved forward, crossed the Euharlee at [Barrett's] Mill's and, crossing Raccoon Creek by [Dallas] road, went into camp for the night near Burnt Hickory. This evening a heavy rain tell. On the 25th we moved forward, following General Kimball, commanding First Brigade, who was in advance of the division. Nothing of moment occurred until we crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek, on the road leading to New Hope Church, where we found that the Twentieth Corps, in our advance, had met and engaged the enemy. We went into position to support those of the Twentieth Corps in our front, who were having a sharp engagement. Night closing in the operations for the day ceased, and I took up a position of the left of Kimball's brigade, which had connected with the left of the Twentieth Corps, General Harker forming on my left.

At daylight on the 26th I found my lines to be within easy musketry range of the enemy's works, and at once proceed to adjust my lines, and erected in front a good defensive line of works. The skirmishing at this point was very sharp, and the casualties numerous. On the 27th my lines were moved forward. The skirmishers of the brigade, the Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Blanch, advanced with great gallantry, driving in those of the enemy, but suffering a loss of 2 enlisted men killed and 2 officers and 23 enlisted men wounded. We had heavy skirmishing constantly while we remained at this place, but nothing of moment occurred from this time till the night of the 4th of June, when the enemy evacuated his position in our front. It was while lying at our position near New Hope Church, on the 30th of May, that Captain John A. Burrell, of the One hundred Illinois Volunteers, a brave and efficient officer, was killed by a musket-shot, the ball passing directly through his body, while on duty with his command on the skirmish line. On the morning of the 6th instant, in accordance with orders, I moved my command from my position near New Hope Church to the left, some six miles in an easterly direction, to Morris Hill Church, going into camp on the right of Colonel Harker's brigade, about two miles from Acworth. Here the command rested until the morning of the 10th instant, when I moved forward some four miles, and formed line of battle on General Kimball's right, confronting the enemy, who occupied a strongly intrenched position on Pine Mountain. The 11th, 12th, and 14th were spent in skirmishing, to ascertain the enemy's strength and exact position, and in fortifying the ground gained by pushing the enemy to their main works. During the night of the 14th instant the enemy retired from their works, and at 4.30 o'clock the following morning my skirmishers advanced and took possession of them. Advancing cautiously we soon developed the enemy, strongly intrenched in his new position. My brigade was formed in column of regiments in mass, sup-

