
ported by General Kimball's brigade. Harker having three regiments deployed as skirmishers in my front. We found the enemy too strongly intrenched behind works that had been constructed for some time, to be attached with reasonable hope of success. I immediately threw up works, where I remained that night and until evening of the next day, when we advanced our lines, driving in the enemy's skirmishers, throwing up barricades within easy musketry of the enemy's main works. The night of the 16th instant the enemy again evacuated their works, which we occupied early on the morning of the 17th, when pushing forward we found the enemy again strongly fortified behind heavy works. The Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteers, and the Twenty-eight Kentucky Volunteers, under the command of Colonel John Q. Lane, Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteers, were deployed as skirmishers, and gallantly charged the enemy's skirmish-pits, capturing a number of prisoners, and maintained their position under a continuous and heavy musketry fire from the enemy's main line of works during the night. The loss of the Ninety-seventh Ohio Volunteers in the charge was 9 enlisted men wounded; that of the Twenty-eight Kentucky Volunteers, 4 enlisted men killed and 12 wounded. The regiments were relieved on the following morning by the Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, and One hundredth Illinois Volunteers, under command of Colonel Bartleson, One hundredth Illinois Volunteers, who was ordered to charge and take the enemy's main line of works, if possible. This charge was made during one of the most terrific rain storms of the season, and notwithstanding the men were compelled to wade two creeks, both of which were waist deep, under a terrible fire from the enemy, they succeeded in taking the works, capturing a number of prisoners, and driving the enemy to their rear line of works. Colonel Bartleson notified me that his left was in danger, having no connection, and being enfiladed. I ordered up the remainder of the brigade, sending Captain Tinney, assistant adjutant-general, with the Fortieth Indiana Volunteers to the left of the line, asked and obtained a regiment, the Third Kentucky Volunteers, from General Harker, which made the connection complete with General Baird. My entire line was within easy musket-range of the enemy, who kept up a heavy and incessant fire upon us from artillery and infantry when we would slacken our fire sufficient for them to look over their works. It was, therefore, necessary for our own safety to keep up a constant fire, and thus keep the enemy down in their works, and away from their artillery. In this charge my brigade sustained a loss of 1 commissioned officer and 13 enlisted men killed, and 8 commissioned officers and 86 enlisted men wounded. Lieutenant Benjamin F. Beitzell, the officer killed, was a gallant and meritorious officer, and his loss deeply felt by his regiment and regretted by the entire command. My command maintained its position until after dark, when I was relieved by General Kimball's brigade. The enemy evacuated their works during the night of the 18th, and 7 o'clock the following, morning my command moved out to join in the pursuit. Moving forward the distance of a mile, the enemy were again found, strongly intrenched at the base of Kenesaw Mountain.

On the morning of the 22d, in accordance with orders, I relieved General Harker's brigade with my command, throwing forward the Ninety-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Colonel Milton Barnes, as skirmishers, who was ordered to make a dem-

