
the front and the troops went into camp. The line occupied by this brigade conformed to the top of the bluff, and was partially protected by works hastily thrown up the cavalry. On the morning of the 10th the line was somewhat changed by throwing forward the left to the next ridge in its front, and connecting with General Kimball's brigade, of this division. In this new position a line of works was constructed by felling and covering with earth. In the afternoon this command was relieved by General Sweeny's division, of the Sixteenth Army Corps, which occupied the line of works constructed in the morning. We encamped in their rear as reserves, and on the morning of the 11th recrossed the river on a bridge temporarily constructed by the Sixteenth Army Corps near the ruins of the one burned by the enemy, and encamped for the night near Roswell. On the morning of the 12th resumed the march and returned to out old camp near Vinning's Station. On the 13th of the month again crossed the Chattahoochee River at Powers' Ferry, where the First and Third Division of this corps had already taken up position on the south side. We marched about one and a half miles from the river, and formed line of the right of the division, and connecting with General Wood's left, having one regiment in reserve. The position was well chosen on the summit of the river bluff, commanding all the ground to the front and affording an excellent commanding all the ground to the front and affording an excellent camping-ground. Here we constructed a strong line of works and remained in camp for several days, the rest being needed by the troops. On the 18th of July, at 7 a. m., the line of march was resumed on the main Atlanta road, and at 4 p. m. camped in order of battle near Buck Head, the brigade being formed in two lines; commenced building works immediately, and by dark were strongly intrenched. Remained in this until 4 p. m. of the 19th, when we again went into position about two miles in advance upon the high ground on the north side of Peach Tree Creek, where we encamped.

On the morning of July 20, crossed Peach Tree Creek and relieved Hazen's brigade, of Wood's division, who had effected a crossing yesterday, and built works, which we occupied. The works were on the brow of a hill on the bank of the creek, and commanded the ground for some distance on either flank, but to the front the hill was extended into a ridge, on the crest of which ran the main Atlanta road. About 300 yards distant on this ridge the enemy's skirmishers were posted in a wood, which protected them from view, while they were continually annoying us with their fire. About noon the skirmish line was advanced. Two regiments of this brigade, Ninety-seventh Ohio and Twenty-eight Kentucky, acting as a support-they having been ordered to report to General Kimball-drove the enemy's pickets some distance, and halted our line on a narrow ridge running transversely to the main Atlanta road. At this juncture two more regiments of this brigade, Fifty-seventh Indiana and One hundred Illinois, were by General Newton's order placed under command of the former, and sent on a reconnaissance toward the left of our skirmish line. As these two regiments did not rejoin the brigade, but were entirely separated from it, recourse will have to be had to the reports of the commanding officers for a knowledge of their operations during the remainder of the day.

The two regiments ordered to report to General Kimball this morning now returned now regiments ordered to report to General Kimball this morning now returned to the brigade, and a line of battle was formed on the skirmish line, conforming to the crest of the above-

92 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

