
working almost continually on their intrenchments and in placing abatis and entanglements in front, rendering them impregnable to a front attack. Nothing worthy of note transpired in this position until August 3, when the skirmish line, which consisted of details from the different regiments, was re-enforced by the One hundredth Illinois, and advanced against the enemy's works. As soon as our advance was discovered he opened furiously with grape and shell, and continued a heavy fire of musketry and artillery until dark, when our skirmishers were withdrawn to their old position. Our loss was 6 wounded. With the exception of an occasional demonstration of this kind, nothing worthy of note transpired while the troops remained in this position. On the height of August 25, preparations having been made for a grand coup, our position on the Buck Head and Atlanta road was abandoned. The movement began about 11 p. m. from the left, regiments being moved out in succession toward the right until the whole line was withdrawn. We then marched by a circuitous route to a position about three-quarters of a mile in the rear of the lines built by the Twentieth Corps, and threw up a line of works, which were not yet completed when the march was resumed, and we passed to the rear through General Wood's division and marched to near Utoy Post-Office, where we camped for the night. Marched at 3 p. m. of the 27th some five miles, and went into position after dark on the right of General Wood's division.

On the morning of the 28th formed the brigade in single line with one regiment in reserve between the First and Third. Built a line of works connecting with these two brigades, behind which we remained until about 3 p. m., when the command moved back about a mile on the road followed yesterday, and turned to the east and marched about three miles in the direction of the Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad, and went into position on the right of the division and joining General Kimball's left. The 29th of August was spent in constructing works in the position taken last night, and on the 30th marched at 6.30 a. m. to about three and a half miles from Rough and Ready Station, on the Macon and Atlanta Railroad, where the brigade was formed in semicircular form, built works, and went into camp. On the 31st of August marched about two miles and took up a position separated from the rest of the division on the bank of Mud Creek, where we built works and went into camp for the night. About 2.30 a. m. September 1 the pioneers of this brigade were sent forward to tear up the railroad. At 7 o'clock the command marched, reaching the Macon and Atlanta Railroad about 9, and immediately commenced tearing up and burning it, which we continued at until reaching Jonesborough, where the Fourteenth Corps and Army of the Tennessee were engaging the enemy. At 4 o'clock formed on the left of the First Division in two lines, with the Fifty-seventh Indiana deployed as skirmishers.

Immediately advanced and with our skirmish line drove the enemy across two open fields, about one-third of a mile each, and capturing his front line of rifle-pits, taking 6 prisoners, and losing in killed, wounded, and missing 1 commissioned officer and 17 enlisted men.

Darkness prevented a farther advance, and the night was spent in building works, and afterward in preparing to charge the enemy's lines at daylight. September 2, 1864, at daylight, it was discovered that the enemy had abandoned his position. We immediately

