
marched on after for about six miles to near Lovejoy's Station,

where we found a strong line of works. Went into position on the left of the division, connecting with General Wood's right. We here remained confronting the enemy, the pickets constantly skirmishing until 8 p. m. of September 5, when we abandoned our position, and withdrew to our old camp near Jonesborough. We here remained until 7 a. m. September 7, and then resumed the march, camping near Rough and Ready Station, having traveled about eight miles.

Broke up camp on the morning of the 8th marched to Atlanta and through the town, going into camp about one mile out on the Decatur road.

The casualties in each regiment during this campaign are as follows:

 Officers.	 Men.

Headquarters of	 3	 2

brigade...

26th Ohio	 10	 107

Volunteers...

97th Ohio	 17	 201

Volunteers....

100 th Illinois	 10	 73

Volunteers...

40th Indiana	 10	 217

Volunteers...

57th Indiana	 16	 144

Volunteers...

28th Kentucky	 3	 78

Volunteers...

Total...	 69	 822

The fighting strength of my command at the beginning of the campaign was 137 officers and 1,870 enlisted men; aggregate, 2,007. Losses from battle, 69 officers and 822 enlisted men; aggregate, 891.

Losses from expiration of term of service, 2 officers and 40 enlisted men; aggregate, 42. Strength of brigade on arriving at Atlanta, 75 officers and 940 enlisted men; aggregate, 1,015.

I am under great obligations to Colonel Blake and Lane, who frequently commanded lines of two and three regiments, but particularly on the 27th of June, when their action was particularly worthy of commendation; also, to Lieutenant-Colonel Blanch, Fifty-seventh Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Hammond, One hundredth Illinois Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Boone, Twenty-eighth Kentucky, who was wounded at Kenesaw, but refused to leave the field; Major Barth, Twenty-eight Kentucky Volunteers, who has commanded the regiment since Lieutenant-Colonel Boone was wounded; Lieutenant-Colonel Squires, Twenty-sixth Ohio; Major Peatman, Twenty-sixth Ohio who has had command of his regiment much of the time; Lieutenant-Colonel Leaming, Fortieth Indiana, and Lieutenant-Colonel Barnes, Ninety-seventh Ohio, both of whom have had command of their respective regiments during the absence of the colonels; and to the many officers and men of my command, whom want of space will no permit me to mention, but who have conducted themselves with a heroic and patriotic valor worthy of the holy cause in which they are engaged.

The command was under fire abut ninety days during the four months of the campaign.

To my present staff I am under great obligations for their faithful and intelligent service during the campaign. Captain H. C. Tinney, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants D. Royse and L. L. Cox, aides-de-camp, I desire particularly to commend as officers deserving promotion, and not less faithful is Dr. Glick, who has been my brigade surgeon for the last two years until within the last few

