
we moved forward he opened a brisk fire, which, with the difficulty of ascending the rocky side of the ridge, greatly increased as we advanced. From a combination of these opposition the regiment was compelled to halt, and soon after doing so an order was received from General Wagner to remain in same position and await orders.

Subsequently we were ordered to a retired situation at the top of the ridge, which was occupied during the night. On May 12 this regiment was assigned a position to the east of the ridge in a valley, where works were erected and where during the day our skirmishers were lightly engaged with the enemy's cavalry. Early on the morning of the 13th we were ordered to march, and taking the road to the east of Rocky Face moved through the formidable works of the rebels and also passed through Dalton, the enemy having evacuated that place, and their position near it, during the night immediately preceding. Continuing our march southward the rebels were met on the 14th at Resaca, where they were found to be in a fortified position.

While the lines were being formed the enemy used his artillery very freely, and at about 3 p. m. of that day Lieutenant-Colonel Lennard was struck with a fragment of shell, which inflicted so sever a wound that he died from its effects at about 9 p. m. of the same day. Immediately after Colonel Lennard was wounded I assumed command of the regiment and have retained it since. During the 15th the regiment was engaged most of the day. On the morning of the 16th it was discovered that during the night previous the enemy had withdrawn from his position and taken up his line of retreat southward. Pursuit was made and we came up with the rebels at Adairsville, where the regiment, though not actively engaged, was for some time exposed to the fire of the enemy's artillery. On the 19th the regiment was engaged in pursuit of the enemy from Adairsville, and passed through Kingston on the same day, near which a respite of three days was had.

On the 23rd we moved southward from Kingston, and on the 25th found the enemy again confronting us near Dallas at New Hope Church. On the 27th, after our lines had been formed and works erected, I was placed on picket with my regiment and had been posted but a short time when General Wagner ordered me to advance my line and develop the strength and position of the enemy and to establish a skirmish line to the advance of that now occupied.

The advance was made as ordered. The ground over which I had to advance was in plain view of the line of main works of the enemy and also of their rifle-pits, in consequence of which my men were very much exposed and I suffered heavily. The enemy were driven from their skirmish line, and my line was established 300 yards to the front of the one occupied when the advance commenced. This line was held by me during the whole day under a heavy and destructive fire from the enemy at close range. I was relieved at night-fall. We remained here occupying works within quite easy range of the enemy's infantry arms until the 5th of June, on the night previous to which the enemy evacuated their position. Followed the rebels from here with occasional skirmishing until the 11th, when they were met in force near Pine Mountain. On the 14th, the enemy's left flank being turned, my regiment took part in pursuit of him to a position where his line rested on Pine Mountain. During the night of that day he evacuated again. The 15th was occupied assuming another line after coming up with the enemy, during which some skirmishing was done. On the morning of the

