
17th rebels were found to have evacuated, and they were followed immediately and found to have given back in the direction of Kenesaw Mountain.

On the following morning my regiment was placed on picket at 2.30 a. m., and at 8 a. m. I was ordered by Colonel Bartleson, One hundredth Illinois Volunteers, to advance the line, he being in command of the picket force from the brigade, and to drive the enemy from his rifle-pits, which were located 300 yards to our front, and just at the skirt of a light wood, between which and our line was an open field. In the midst of a terrific rain-storm, after having the men prepare their arms as well as possible, I ordered my regiment forward and moved it on a double-quick until the rifle-pits of the enemy were occupied. This being the extent of my orders, I halted and formed a line. To the front of this, about 300 yard, was a short line of heavy earth-were occupied by the picket reserve of the enemy, from which they had most perfect range of our position, while they were entirely protected from the least danger from our fire. Seeing this I at once determined to push forward and drive the enemy from the work, although a very difficult passage was between my line and them, all the small timber being cut down as an obstruction, and there being a creek that from the excessive amount of water that had fallen was quite difficult to cross. At the order to advance the line moved in a very enthusiastic manner, and the works were wrested from the enemy. This gave me a position of security, and from which I commanded a view of the main line of works of the enemy.

About 12 m. my regiment was relieved from the front line, and remained in reserve until nearly night-fall, when we were returned to the front. In this engagement Lieutenant Beizell, of Company C, one of the most efficient officers of the command, fell.

On the morning of the 19th the enemy was gone from our front and we again engaged in pursuit. They were overtaken near Kenesaw Mountain, where our lines were formed on the 21st, and where works were erected. On the 23rd my regiment was placed on picket at early dawn, and I was ordered by Colonel Bartleson, officer of the day, at 3 p. m., to advance the line. About one-half of my regiment was in reserve. I conveyed the order to the officer of the skirmish line, giving them the proper time to move, when the advancement was made in a very satisfactory manner. As son as the front line had left the pits I took the reserve to them, and at what I thought a proper time pushed it forward, and the whole regiment then engaged in a charge on the rifle-pits of the enemy, taking them, meeting, however, with a determined resistance and losing quite heavily in doing so. The enemy discovering us in possession of his pits threw a heavy force on our left, and there being no advance of the line at that point beyond that of my regiment, they forced me to retire that flank, no support coming up in time to render it possible to hold our position there. Just before retiring Colonel Bartleson was shot dead from his horse at the extreme front of the line. Also at this juncture Captain J. S. Stidham, of my regiment, was killed while giving evidence of heroism rarely exhibited. At about 4 p. m., my left having retired, I withdrew the entire line to the rifle-pits occupied when the advance, commenced, and soon after received an order from General Wagner to remain in them. On the 27th my regiment, with the others of the brigade, was moved to the right about one-half mile, and I was informed by General Wagner that an assault was to be made upon the enemy's works, and was ordered by

