
him to deploy my entire regiment as skirmishers and at a signal advanced the line, when I would be followed by the assaulting columns. The deployment was made, the signal given, and we moved, drawing as we did so a very heavy fire from both the main line of works and rifle-pits of the enemy. In a short time after becoming engaged I was overtaken by the assaulting columns, and during the remainder of the battle my regiment operated with and as a part of this, the deployment, however, remaining complete. I remained on skirmish line after the assault had been abandoned until nearly night-fall, when I rejoined the brigade at its situation of the morning by order of Colonel Opdycke, division officer of the day. The position remained unchanged until July 3, on the night of which the enemy again evacuated his position, giving the Federal troops possession of Marietta. On July 5 I took part in pursuit of the rebels to within one mile of the Chattahoochee River, near which place we were put regularly in camp. July 9, my regiment with the other troops of the division moved to Roswell, fourteen miles above the railroad bridge over Chattahoochee, where we crossed to south side of the same.

On July 12, being relieved by the troops of General Dodge's command, moved back to the camp from which the march had been made on the 9th. Crossed to south side of the river on the 13th and joined the corps, which had crossed during the day previous, and erected works. On July 18 the advance toward Atlanta was begun, in which my regiment participated, moving on the Back Head road.

The day following we were moved forward to Peach Tree Creek, where on the south bank the enemy was occupying his works in strong force.

On July 20 my regiment with the others of the division crossed the creek and occupied light works constructed by a brigade of the Third Division that had secured a lodgment on the evening of the 19th on the south side of the creek. My regiment was here placed as reserve to the skirmish line. During the fore part of the day the lines were advanced and the enemy driven back, giving us possession of the ground nearly a half a mile in front of the morning's location. The enemy not making his appearance sufficiently to develop his position, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Newton to deploy the whole of my regiment as skirmishers and, facing my line to the east and starting at the Buck Head and Atlanta road, to reconnoiter the ground between that road and Pea Vine Creek. The deployment completed I advanced the line until the designated point was reached, but with a small party continued the reconnaissance still farther, but found no enemy. My line, after the brigade had moved into position and began the constructed of works facing the south, was about 600 yards disconnected from that of the brigade. At about 3.30 p. m. while the lines remained in this position a desperate assault was made upon them by the enemy coming in massed columns, coming from the south. This assault struck my right flank squarely, and in consequence I was forced to changed my line to the rear on its left.

By so doing I occupied the crest of a slight elevation of ground from which a deliberate fire was given the still advancing foe by the whole line. Having but a thin skirmish line, and being advanced upon by a massed column of the enemy, with my right flank entirely unprotected, I retired my line a second time to a line of rifle-pits formerly used by the enemy, probably twenty yards, where I formed and where the regiment delivered a second fire. At this place I remained until on the right I was thoroughly flanked, when I gave the order to fall

