
104 wounded, making a total loss of 146, nearly half the number with which we commenced the campaign. This number does not include many who have been struck and slightly injured, but not disabled from duty.

Fifty prisoners and one stand of colors were captured by the regiment.

In the fall of Lieutenant-Colonel Lennard, we most deeply mourn the loss of as heroic an officer as has ever drawn sword in defense of his country, and one whom all acknowledge a most estimable gentleman. In this the fates of was terminated a career which had it been extended must have continued successful, as it was pleasant to all under his command.

Very respectfully submitted.

WILLIS BLANCH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant COX,

Aide-de-Camp, Second Brigadier, Second Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 45.

Report of Major Norris T. Peatman, Twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFTY. M,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 20, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent campaign of the army under General Sherman, commencing May 3, 1864, and ending on the 8th instant:

On the morning of the 3rd of May the regiment, numbering 314 enlisted men, in command of Lieutenant Colonel W. H. Squires, left Cleveland, Tenn., and marched with the brigade and division in the direction of Dalton, Ga. Arrived near Catoosa Springs on the 14th and bivouacked there until the 7th, when we advanced to Tunnel Hill and again bivouacked until the 9th. Advanced on that day with the brigade to the top of Rocky Face Ridge to the support of General Harker, who after our arrival made a charge upon the enemy's works. During the charge the regiment was under a brisk fire of musketry, but met with a loss of only 2 men wounded. On the 10th commenced moved slowly upon the enemy, and on the 14th and 15th had engagement with him near Resaca. Had 1 man mortally wounded. On the 16th moved forward, and found the enemy at Adairsville on the 17th, and had an engagement with him. Loss, 13 wounded, 2 mortally. Moved on from Adairsville and arrived at Kingston on the 20th; encamped at the latter place until the 23d. After leaving Kingston we found the enemy in force near Dallas on the 25th. Commenced skirmishing on the 26th, continuing it more or less until the 5th of June. Losses near Dallas were Lieutenant Platt, Company G, killed; Lieutenant Renick, Company F, wounded, and 5 enlisted men wounded. June 6, arrived at Acworth and remained there until the 10th. Kept maneuvering and skirmishing from that date almost continually until the 15th, and drove the enemy in the mean time some three miles to one of his strong positions near Pine Mountain. In this advance Lieutenant Hoge, Company H, was wounded. Here the regiment lay in reserve for

