
two days with the brigade. On the 18th, at 2 a. m., the regiment was ordered to the front on the skirmish line, and during the day in a heavy rain-storm we made a charge on the rebel skirmishers and drove them to their main works, capturing some prisoners. Losses that day were Captain Baldwin, Company G, wounded, and 17 enlisted men wounded, 3 mortally. On the 19th Lieutenant-Colonel Squires went back to the hospital sick, and I succeeded him in command of the regiment. Moved forward on that day some two miles, being in reserve, and halted in close proximity to Kennesaw Mountain. Regiment in the evening was ordered to the skirmish line in front of the Fourteenth Corps and remained there until 7 a. m. the next day. Skirmishing was brisk during the night, but no casualties occurred. Moved on the 21st with brigade and division two miles to the right, lying a part of the time in reserve. On the 22nd had 3 men wounded, 1 mortally. On the 23rd the regiment was sent to the skirmish line in front of General Kimball's brigade, when we were ordered to make a charge on the enemy's skirmishers, causing them to fall back to their main line. Losses that day 4 men killed and 9 wounded, 3 mortally. June 27, we participated in the charge made that day on the enemy's works, occupying position in the second line of battle, and lost in killed 3 enlisted men and 21 wounded, 2 mortally. Lieutenant Foster, Company A, was also wounded. I was wounded myself in this engagement and was succeeded in command of the regiment by Captain Adair, Company I.

July 3, after the enemy had evacuated their works near Kenesaw Mountain, the regiment moved forward, with the column five miles, via Marietta. July 4, had some skirmishing with the enemy and built works for defense. Loss in the skirmish, 1 man. On the 5th marched to the Chattahoochee, near Vining's Station. Lieutenant-Colonel Squires returned from absent sick and took command of the regiment. On the 7th moved up the river about two miles, where the regiment was put on picket and remained until the 12th, while the most of the division went on a raid across the Chattahoochee. On the 13th crossed the Chattahoochee, advanced some two miles and went into camp, remaining there until the 17th. Two commissioned officers and fifty-six enlisted men were sent to Chattanooga to be mustered out, their term of service being about to expire. On the 18th moved to Buck Head, distance six miles. On the 19th moved to Peach Tree Creek. Crossed that stream on the 20th and was engaged in the battle of that day, suffering a loss of but 3 men wounded, but inflicting a heavy loss on the enemy. Advanced on the 22nd to a position in front of the enemy's works, two miles north of Atlanta. That night a line of works was thrown up in the reserve line of the brigade, where we remained until the 25th of August, doing in the mean time considerable skirmishing; also fatigue duty in erecting fortifications. Losses while in front Atlanta were only 3 men wounded. I had returned for duty from absent wounded July 27. August 24, Lieutenant-Colonel Squires, on account of sickness, was carried back to the hospital, when the command again fell to me. On the night of August 25 we were ordered to march, starting about midnight. We moved with the intention, as it was evident afterward, of striking the Macon railroad, and thereby cut off communication between Atlanta and the south. On the 31st we crossed the Montgomery railroad, and on the 1st of September reached the Macon railroad and spent a considerable portion of the day in destroying it. About 6 p. m., having come up with the enemy

