
intrenched on the railroad near Jonesborough, we were formed in line and maneuvered under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery and skirmishers until after dark, when we bivouacked for the night and threw up works of defense. Regiment lost 1 man mortally wounded. That night the enemy fell back to near Lovejoy's Station. We followed him up on the 2nd and fortified in his front. The regiment was exposed more or less to the fire of the rebel skirmish line and artillery until 8 p. m. of the 5th. Our loss while in front of Lovejoy's Station was 2 men mortally wounded. On the night of the 5th we fell back with the division to Jonesborough. On the 7th took up march for Atlanta, where we arrived on the 8th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. T. PEATMAN,

Major, Commanding Twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

Lieutenant L. L. COX,

Aide-de-Camp, Second Brigadier, Second Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 46.

Report of Brigadier General Luther P. Bradley, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade during the recent campaign from the 3rd of May to the 8th of September, 1864, inclusive. The report is incomplete in many respects, as I have not kept the run of the operations of the entire brigade for the whole campaign, having been in command since the 27th of June:

The brigade-composed of the Twenty-second, Twenty-seventh, Fifty-first, and Seventy-ninth Illinois Infantry, and the Sixth-fourth and One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry, and the Third Kentucky Infantry, numbering about 2,000 muskets, under the command of Brigadier General C. G. Harker-left Cleveland, Tenn., with the division at 1 p. m. May 3, 1864, marched to Red Clay, ten miles, and camped. We broke camp at 6 a. m. of the 4th, marched about twelve miles, halted at 3 p. m., and went into camp about dark near Catoosa Springs. On the morning of the 5th instant we adjusted our lines and built a strong line of earth-works. The Forty-second Illinois Infantry and Sixth-fifth Ohio Infantry joined the brigade on return from veteran furlough on the 6th instant, and we remained in the same position until the morning of the 7th instant, when we march for Tunnel Hill, reaching camp near that place about 3 p. m. The brigade numbered to-day 2,325 muskets. On the morning of the 8th we marched at 6 a. m., and halted about pone and a half miles out, near the mountain named as Rocky Face. General Harker directed Colonel Opdycke, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry, to scale the side of the mountain and try and effect a lodgment on the ridge, supposed to be in position of the enemy. Colonel Opdycke carried the ridge very handsomely, after an hour or two of severe skirmishing, and drove the enemy half a mile along the ridge into his defenses, which were too strong to be carried. The Sixty-fifth Ohio ascended the mountain with the One hundred

