
and twenty-fifth Ohio as a support, and the Fifteenth Wisconsin, of General Willich's brigade, was sent up after we had carried the ridge and were put into position by Colonel Opdycke to protect his flank. At noon the brigade moved on the mountain and relieved the regiments occupying it. On the 9th the brigade was under arms at 4 a. m. and skirmishing briskly. We brought up two 3-inch rifle guns, the men dragging them up the mountain, and opened upon the enemy's fort, but their sharpshooters prevented their being worked with any effect. Heavy skirmishing continued all day. At 5 p. m. an assault was ordered, the regiments engaged being the Third Kentucky Infantry, Sixty-fourth and One hundred and Twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry, and Twenty-seventh and Seventy-ninth Illinois Infantry. After a severe struggle they were repulsed with heavy loss. At dark the brigade was relived by General Wagner's brigade, and retired about half a mile, where it bivouacked. We lay in the same position during the 10th and 11th. The Twenty-second Illinois, which was detailed at Cleveland as train guard, rejoined the brigade to-day. On the morning of the 12th moved off the ridge with division and marched to the left to occupy a pass from which the Twenty-third Corps had retired, formed, and went into camp. About noon threw up works, expecting an attack; lay under arms all day, and camped at dark. Marched for Dalton early on the morning of the 13th, the enemy having evacuated in the night. Halted at Dalton an hour at noon, and marched about eight miles in afternoon and camped. May 14, marched at 5.30 a. m.; halted at 9 and formed in line of battle; brigade in reserve; moved to the front and left, and about 5 p. m. were ordered to relieve a portion of the Twenty-third Corps, then engaged in front. Advanced in two lines, coming under fire of the enemy's guns several hundred yards before going into action, and suffered severely. We relieved a brigade of Cox's division, and immediately became hotly engaged. General Harker was severely wounded soon after going in, and turned over the brigade to me. I directed Colonel Opdycke to take charge of the front line, and he put his own regiment into action, very gallantly going over the breast-works to a rise of ground nearer the enemy, and getting severely wounded, obliging him to retire from the field. We held the position until 5 p. m., our ammunition being exhausted, even that in the boxes of the dead and wounded, when relived by Sherman's brigade, and went to the rear to replenish ammunition. At dark we took up position on the ridge, in rear of the battle-ground, and camped. On the morning of the 15th instant we charge our lines to connect with General Wood's line, and fortified. May 16, advanced at 6 a. m. and took possession of the enemy's works, and at 8 a. m. marched for Resaca. Reached there at 10 a. m., and halted three hours to repair the bridge over the Oostenaula, partially burned by the enemy. Continued the march in afternoon with heavy skirmishing, having the Twenty-seventh and Forty-second Illinois in the skirmish line, supported by Third Kentucky and Sixth-fourth Ohio. Reached Calhoun at 6 p. m. and camped. Marched at 6 a. m. of the 17th and reached neighborhood of Adairsville at 4 p. m., formed line of battle on left of division, and bivouacked in same order at dark. Left camp at 6 a. m. of the 18th instant in advance, the Twenty-second Illinois as skirmishers. Reached Adairsville at 10 a. m., and halted until noon. Marched down the railroad about six miles and camped. May 19,
23 R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

