
marched at 7 a. m. and reached Kingston at noon. Halted two hours, when we marched out and formed line of battle on a range of hills looking south. Moved from here about 4 p. m. and formed about two miles from town, where we camped. On the 20th we moved back to the mill on Movine Creek and camped, remaining here until 1 p. m. of the 23d, when we marched south, crossing the Etowah at dark, and camping about six miles south of the river late in the night. May 24, marched seven miles and camped on Raccoon Creek. Left camp at 8 a. m. on the 25th and reached the crossing at Pumpkin Vine Creek at 4 p. m. Advanced to the support of the Twentieth Corps, which was engaged with the enemy. Formed line of battle and advanced half a mile, then moved in column to position on left of Twentieth Corps, near New Hope Church, and bivouacked. At daybreak of the 26th we adjusted our lines, and after driving back the enemy's skirmishers, advanced the lines and built two lines of strong breast-works. From this date to the 5th of June we occupied this position, with some immaterial charges, being constantly engaged in heavy skirmishing and sham attacks.

The enemy having evacuated the position at New Hope, we moved on the 6th to within two miles of Acworth and camped, remaining until the morning of the 10th, when the brigade moved with the division in the direction of Lost Mountain, and after halting through the afternoon, formed on the right of the Fourteenth Corps and fortified. The Twenty-second Illinois Infantry left for the rear to-day to be mustered out of service. On the 11th instant we moved two miles to the and formed on the right of Baird's division, Fourteenth Corps, and fortified, and the 12th, 13th, and 14th were passed in skirmishing. On the 15th we marched at 8 a. m., and halted some hours near Pine Mountain. At 2 p. m. formed with the division in column of attack, expecting to assault the enemy's works, some distance in front. I was ordered by General Newton to from a strong skirmish line, advance, and develop the enemy's line. The Forty-second Illinois Infantry and Fifty-first Illinois Infantry were put on the skirmish line, with the Third Kentucky in support. This work was done very successfully, capturing 2 very strong lines of rifle-pits, and driving the enemy inside the main works. The brigade camped within half a mile of the enemy's works, and fortified. On the 16th that part of the brigade on the front line was relived by regiments of the First Brigade, and moved a short distance to the left, where it rested for the day. June 17, advanced and occupied the enemy's works at 8 a. m.; camp, and afterward moved forward a mile with sharp skirmishing; formed line of battle and bivouacked. On the morning of the 18th moved out in line battle and crossed Mud Creek in a very severe storm; heavy skirmishing in front by Second Brigade. Relieved Second Brigade, occupied a line of rebel works, and had heavy skirmishing all day. June 19, advanced at 8 a. m., the enemy having left his works; formed line of battle about one mile out, and changed position from one to another until 3 p. m., when we formed in front of Little Kenesaw. On the 20th we adjusted our lines and fortified; had heavy skirmishing all day, and suffered from the fire of the enemy's batteries; at dark were relieved by Carlin's brigade, Fourteenth Corps, and retired about a mile to the rear, where we bivouacked. June 21, marched at 5 a. m. one and a half miles to the right and relieved a brigade of the Twentieth Corps; advanced the lined at 2 p. m., Third Kentucky skirmishing, and took up new

