
lines near the enemy and fortified. From the 21st to the 27th we occupied this position, having constant skirmishing and losing heavily. On the morning of the 27th the brigade moved out at 6 a. m. and formed in column of attack in front of Stanley's division:

between 9 and 10 were ordered forward to assault and carry the enemy's works in our front. The brigade advanced steadily and attacked with spirit, but found the works too strong for them. After a short and sharp fight, and the loss of a large number of officers and men, the brigade was retired by me, bringing off most of our wounded. General Harker, the very gallant commander of the brigade, was shot in the endeavor to carry the men up to a second charge. The brigade retired to its position behind the works, where it remained without material charge until July 2, when we moved 500 yards to the left and occupied the ground vacated by one of General Wood's brigade. On the morning of July 3 advanced the skirmish line at daybreak, and took possession of the enemy's works, which we found deserted. At 7 a. m. marched for Marietta, and after a short halt, then continued the march about six mile, camping in front of a new line occupied by the enemy. July 4, we moved out about 9 a. m., and took possession, after considerable skirmishing, and commenced fortifying. Discovered signs of the enemy withdrawing in the night; we advanced the picket at daylight in the morning, and found the works deserted. Marched at 8 a. m. of the 5th and took the line of railroad, following Wood's division. The enemy crossed the Chattahoochee, and we vamped near Vining's Station, where we lay until the morning of the 7th, when we moved two miles to the left and camped. On the 9th marched at 6 a. m., in advance of the division, fourteen miles to Roswell; after a short halt forded the Chattahoochee River and relived Minty's brigade of cavalry. Next day, 10th, formed connection with the First Brigade and fortified. Were relived this p. m. by a brigade of the Sixteenth Corps, and on the 11th crossed the Chattahoochee and camped.

July 12, returned to old camp near Powers' Ferry, and on the morning of 13th crossed the river at Powers, Ferry and camped about three miles out, putting brigade in position in two lines and constructing works. From this time to the 18th remained in this position, sending regiments to the river every day for fatigue duty. On the morning of the 18th marched at 6 a. m. on the Atlanta road, having the advance of the corps; met a brigade of rebel cavalry with four pieces of artillery, on the road, and skirmished all day. Colonel and Third Kentucky, drove them all day, crossing Nancy's Creek under fire, and pressing them back to Buck Head, where we went into camp. July 19, sent out Sixty-fourth Ohio and Seventy-ninth Illinois to picket roads, and marched about dark, and camped on Peach Tree Creek. On the morning of the 20th we moved at 6 a. m. and crossed two regiment over the creek, relieving a part of Hazen's brigade, and occupying their works. About noon crossed over the balance of the brigade, and at 2 p. m. advanced, following the First and Second Brigade on the Atlanta road, where they formed across the road about half a mile from the creek. My brigade was massed in column of regiments in rear of Kimball's brigade, the men resting. About 3 p. m. the enemy made a furious attack on the front and left flank of the division. I formed immediately and sent three regiments to re-enforce the front line, one to General Kimball and two to Colonel Blake, directing Colonel Opdycke, with the

