
remaining four regiments of the brigade, to move into the timber on the east side of the road and protect the left flank. Returning from the front line soon after I found the enemy working around to our left, and immediately withdrew Colonel Opdycke and formed on the Atlanta road, facing east. We had a sharp fight here of half an hour's duration, and successfully repulsed the attack on our part of the line. The Twenty-seventh Illinois, which had been sent to the First Brigade, and the Forty-second and Fifty-first Illinois sent to the Second Brigade, remained with those brigades until next day and did good service. We remained in position until the morning of the 22d, when we advanced toward Atlanta, and came on to the enemy's works on the north side of the city, formed line of battle, and made breast-works of rails. In the p. m. I was ordered by the general commanding to occupy a high ridge on the right of the road and fortify. We took position connecting with the Twentieth Corps on the right, and commenced building strong line of works; we were under a heavy fire of artillery from the enemy's forts all day. From this time to the 25th of August we were confronting the enemy in his works, strengthening our own defenses, and having frequent demonstrations on the lines. At midnight of August 25 the brigade marched out with sixty rounds of cartridges and three days' rations, moving to the rear and right, being on the left of the corps. The Twenty-seventh Illinois went to the rear to-day to be mustered out of service. After a tedious night's march, we halted about daybreak for breakfast. Formed line of battle at 8 a. m. and commenced fortifying. Moved to the right soon after; marched eight miles and camped on Utoy Creek. August 27, marched at 2 p. m. rear guard, made about five miles and crossed Camp Creek, going into position on right of General Wood's division; occupied two hills in advance of the line and fortified. Marched at 4 p. m. of 28th about four miles, and camped near Montgomery railroad.

On the 29th advanced our lines about half a mile and fortified. August 30, marched at 6 a. m. and crossed the Montgomery railroad near Red Oak. Moved east about six miles and formed line of battle on left of Kimball's division. On the 31st advanced several miles toward Macon railroad, formed line, and fortified three times. About dark [took] position on right of Grose's brigade, and camped. September 1, marched at 7 a. m. and struck Macon railroad near Battle Station; commenced tearing up track and burning rails. Continued at this until afternoon. At 4 p. m. moved on toward Jonesborough, and at 6 p. m. took position on the left of the division, forming in three lines; in accordance with instructions from the general commanding, advanced, and made connection with First Brigade. Just before dark I was ordered to move forward to attack, keeping connection with Colonel Opdycke. Advanced about one quarter mile my front line, capturing a rebel hospital, with 2 surgeons, and about 150 wounded. It being now dark, I was ordered to halt and fortify. Moved up the rear line to supporting distance, and fortified.

On the morning of the 2nd went into Jonesborough and halted until 10 a. m., when we marched south, striking the railroad a few miles out, and following until afternoon, when we came on the enemy strongly fortified near Lovejoy's; formed line of battle on left of First Brigade, and advanced half a mile. At 5 p. m. the general commanding ordered me to advance to the attack, in connection with the First Brigade, and to go forward till I could go no father. I advanced,

