
miles to the front and took position in front of Atlanta, and there we threw up some very good earth-works and remained in camp behind our works, occasionally making demonstrations upon the enemy's works and doing picket duty, &amp;c., until the 26th of August, occasionally losing a man killed or wounded. Had 1 man killed in our advance of the 22nd of July, and on the 26th while on picket; and on the 3rd of August were ordered to drive in the rebel pickets and take their pits, which was done in splendid style, and yet we sincerely regret that so doing we had to lose such a true patriot and brave officer as Captain Charles A. Seaver, besides 4 enlisted men; but we held the pits until after dark, when we were relieved by the Seventy-ninth Illinois. On the 8th the command of the regiment was turned over to Major F. A. Atwater. On the night of the 26th of August the regiment was withdrawn from the picket at about midnight and followed up the rear of the army on a movement to the southwest, and on the 1st of September we struck the Macon and Atlanta Railroad and spent part of the day in tearing up and burning it, but just before dark and little too late to commence much of a fight we came upon the enemy near Jonesborough and drove in his pickets, the Forty-second, however, being in the second line. The enemy left again during the night following, and as the day follow the night so we followed them, but they halted us near Lovejoy's Station, and we remained there two or three days, losing 1 man killed and 4 wounded during the time, and on the 4th we learned that Atlanta held by our forces and the campaign was ended, and on the 5th instant, with the balance of the army, we took up our line of march toward Atlanta, a tired yet a happy set of men. We encamped one night in Jonesborough on our way back, and reached the captured city of Atlanta noonday of the 8th instant and went into camp one mile north of the city.

A general summary of the casualties of the regiment during the past eventful campaign is as follows: Commissioned officers killed, 4; wounded, 5. Enlisted men killed, 13; wounded, many of them mortally, 97. Total, 119.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

F. A. ATWATER,

Major, Commanding Forty-second Illinois Vet. Vol. Infantry.

Captain WATERMAN,

A. A. A. G., Third Brigadier, Second Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 48.

Report of Captain Albert M. Tilton, Fifty-first Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-FIRST ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following condensed report of operations of my command during the late campaign:

Left Cleveland, Tenn., May 3, and commenced skirmishing on the 5th at Buzzard Roost, where, on the 9th, part of the regiment participated in an unsuccessful charge on the enemy's works. Had 2 men wounded at this point. The enemy fell back on the night of the 12th, and we passed through Dalton on the 13th in pursuit, and engaged them at Resaca on the 14th, losing Captain Lester, killed, and 20 men wounded. The enemy evacuated his works on the night of the 15th, and we followed, skirmishing continually until the 19th,

