
when we halted, and the whole army rested for three days near Kingston. Resumed the march on the 23d, and found the enemy on the 25th near Dallas. After eleven days skirmishing they retreated, and we rested three days near Acworth. The casualties here (near Dalla) were 1 officer and 11 men wounded. Moved forward on the 9th of June, and on the 15th, being on the skirmish line, lost 1 officer and 12 men killed and wounded. On the 17th the enemy decamped to their intrenchments at Kenesaw, where nothing except change of line and light skirmishing occurred till the 27th, when we participated in an assault on the enemy's line, losing 4 officers and 39 men. The losses from the 15th to this time were 11 men killed and wounded. The enemy left this line on the night of the 2nd of July, and we marched to the Chattahoochee without further hinderance then a show of resistance on the 4th. On the 10th marched to Roswell, eighteen miles up the river, and crossed, returning to our position in the 13th, and again crossed the river on the 14th, and rested three days. Marched on the 18th in support of the skirmish line. On the 20th supported and reenforced the Eighty-eighth Illinois, First Brigade. Afterward formed line, facing to the rear, and built breast-works. Casualties, 5 wounded. On the 22nd confronted the enemy in their fortifications around Atlanta, where we remained until the night of the 25th, when we started on a raid, which resulted in the evacuation of Atlanta, on the night of the 1st of September. In the skirmish near Jonesborough on the 1st lost 2 men wounded, and on the 2nd near Lovejoy's, 3 men wounded. Remained at Lovejoy's till the 5th; commenced a retrograde movement in the evening, regiment on picket, and marched in triumph into Atlanta on the 8th.

This is a brief outline of operations, and somewhat imperfect, owing to the fact that I have been in command since June 27 only.

I append a list of casualties during the campaign: Officers killed, 3; wounded, 5; total, 8. Enlisted men killed, 22; wounded, 79; captured, 4; missing, 1; total, 106. Aggregate, 114.

I am, captain, very truly, your obedient servant,

A. M. TILTON,

Captain, Commanding Fifty-first Illinois Infantry.

Captain WATERMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 49.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Terrence Clark, Seventy-ninth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report of the operations of my regiment during the campaign:

On the 9th day of May my regiment was thrown forward on the skirmish line at Rocky Face Right, Ga. In the evening we were ordered, with other regiments, to assault fort at that point, which we did, but were driven back, losing in killed and wounded as follows: Colonel Allen Buckner, severely wounded; 1 enlisted man killed, and 9 enlisted men wounded. Lieutenant Colonel H. E. Rives took command, and at dark we were relived and retired to the rear. On the 14th of May we reached a point near Resaca, and were again

