
ordered in line of battle, relieving a party of the Twenty-third Army Corps. My regiment here gained a point near the enemy's works, and were hotly engaged for a period of three house, until we were relieved by the Second Brigade. We here lost 2 enlisted men killed. and 14 enlisted men wounded. On the 27th, at New Hope church, while building breast-works, we had 1 enlisted man killed and 2 wounded. On the 18th of June, at muddy Creek, while supporting battery, 2 enlisted men were wounded. On the 21st of June my regiment was ordered out to support the skirmishers (Third Kentucky Volunteers); we had 1 enlisted. On the 23d, near Kenesaw Mountain, in camp, 1 enlisted man wounded; also, while in camp, on the 26th, 1 enlisted man wounded. On the 27th, in the memorable charge made on the enemy's work near Kenesaw Mountain, my regiment was ordered in double column at half distance on the third line of battle, Captain O. O. Bagley, temporarily commanding. He advanced the regiment to the front line, when he, on account of the troops on the right falling back, was compelled to retire, losing, in commissioned officers, 1 wounded, 1 enlisted man killed, and 11 enlisted men wounded. On the 4th of July my regiment was again thrown out on the skirmish line, advancing and driving the enemy before them, the Forty-second Illinois as support, losing 2 commissioned officers wounded, 1 enlisted man killed, and 2 enlisted men wounded. On the 20th of July the regiment was on picket to the left of the battle-ground. We took no part in the fight; 1 of our stretcher-bearers was wounded, being with the brigade. On the 22d, in front of Atlanta, had 2 enlisted men [wounded]. On the 28th, while on the picket-line, we had 1 enlisted man killed and 1 enlisted man wounded. August 3, we were ordered to support the Forty-second Illinois in making demonstrations by advancing the picket-line. In doing this we had 1 enlisted man wounded. September 1, on the skirmish line, near Jonesborough, we lost 2 enlisted men wounded. September 2, thrown on front line of battle in the advance toward the enemy's works near Lovejoy's Station, we were met with heavy fire, losing 2 enlisted men wounded.

(I omitted to mention that I took command of the regiment June 8.)

I will merely state in behalf of my officers and men that during the extended campaign, its marches, numerous battles and skirmishes, they have done their duty, ever cheerful and active in the performance of every duty required of them at my hands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TERRENCE CLARK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Seventy-ninth Illinois Vol. Infantry.

Captain G. I. WATERMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 50.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Report C. Brown, Sixty-fourth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-FOURTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 13, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit for your consideration a summary and partial statement of the part taken by my regiment in the campaign just ended.

