
Early in May, 1864, the regiment with 23 commissioned officers and 316 enlisted men for duty, left Cleveland, Ten., Colonel Alexander McIlvain commanding, and on the 8th instant secured a position on Rocky Fare Ridge, closely confronting the enemy and overlooking Dalton; here bivouacked for the night. On the following day the brigade closed en masse, this regiment in advance, charged the enemy's works on the crest of the ridge, which proved disastrous to our force, and especially my regiment. Upon that occasion fell the ever-memorable Colonel Alexander McIlvain, a brave and energetic officer, also the high-toned and spirited gentleman and officer, First Lieutenant Thomas H. Ehlers, together with 19 enlisted men killed and 3 commissioned officers and 49 enlisted man wounded. The attempt to carry the works proving a fruitless one, the regiment withdrew to its former position on the ridge, where it remained until the morning of the 12th instant, when it was removed to a gap in the ridge four miles from Dalton, which position it held at the time the enemy evacuated the city the morning of the 13th instant. Passing through Dalton with the army we followed on in pursuit of the retreating enemy; met and engaged him successfully near Resaca on the 14th instant. The casualties in that day's engagement were 3 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 14 enlisted men wounded. I was on the skirmish line with my regiment skirmishing with the enemy most of the following day and up to the time of their retreating night of the 15th instant. On the following morning crossed the Oostenaula River Resaca, skirmishing with his rear guard; pressed on to High Tower, two miles from Kingston, where the army stopped a few days that the soldier might recruit and cleanse his clothing. Crossing the Etowah River on the 23rd instant, moved off in a southern direction, leaving the Allatoona Mountain and the railroad to the left. The enemy, observing this movement of the army, threw himself in front near New Hope Church, were he was on the met on the evening of the 25th instant, strongly fortified. On the morning following the general line was designated and strong rifle trenches prepared within easy range of the enemy's works. My regiment was on the skirmish line and met with the following casualties on the 27th instant: First Lieutenant George C. Marshall and 2 enlisted men killed and 5 enlisted men wounded. In the evening, being relieved from the skirmish line by the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, I removed the regiment to the rifle trenches prepared the day previous. I continued with my regiment in this position during the following eight days, meeting many casualties, the position being much exposed to scary shots from the enemy. The enemy having withdrawn from our front, on the 6th of June we marched to near Acworth, and there encamped. On the 10th instant the army again moved out and met the enemy's skirmishers near Pine Knob, a place commemorated by the death of the rebel General Polk. Here met with a loss while on the skirmish line of 2 enlisted men wounded. Having discovered the enemy to be in force and fortified, pressed back his skirmishers till our main line had neared his fortifications, and there adjusted new rifle trenches, which position we held but a few days, when the enemy withdrew from Pine Knob, taking a new position a mile in rear. The following day our line was as much advanced and again fortified. From this we shifted our position to the right and gained some distance to the front. My regiment was sent to support the Fifty-seventh Indiana, then on picket, and on the following morning by day, taking ad-

