
vantage of a severe rain-storm, charged the enemy's skirmishers, taking a number of prisoners, at the same time their picket pits and first line of works, were we remained until evening, sharply skirmishing with the enemy. The casualties of the regiment on this day (June 18) were 2 commissioned officers and 5 enlisted men wounded. From this position the enemy withdrew on the following night, taking a new one in front of and near Kenesaw Mountain, near which our line was formed on the following day, where we again erected strong works. Thus the campaign progressed to the 27th instant, when a general assault was made upon the enemy's works, in which the regiment, commanded by Major S. L. Coulter, took an active part, but the assault proved fruitless, no part of the works being gained. The casualties in the regiment in this assault were 1 enlisted man killed and 4 enlisted men wounded. On the 2nd of July the enemy withdrew from Kenesaw Mountain, and the day following, passing through Marietta, again confronted the enemy west of and near the Chattahoochee River. While the army was in this position the regiment accompanied the brigade and division to Roswell, sixteen miles up the river, and again on its return to Vining's Station, near which it crossed over fortified on the eastern bank of the river, July 13. We again moved to Buck Head on the 18th instant, where a new line of works was completed. From this moved forward across Peach Tree Creek; had advanced but a short distance from the stream when the enemy made a sudden and violent attack. Two companies, H and K, Captain S. M. Wolff commanding, were thrown forward as skirmishers in a piece of dense woods, in which they came upon the enemy in force, when they were withdrawn. The enemy was handsomely repulsed, losing heavily. My regiment lost in that engagement 1 enlisted man killed and 5 enlisted men wounded, and took from the enemy 1 lieutenant and 17 enlisted men prisoners. On the 22nd instant, the enemy having fallen back, our line advanced within two miles of Atlanta and met with a loss on that day of 1 lieutenant and 2 enlisted men wounded. Took position near the Buck Head road, where strong rifle trenches were formed. This position we held until the commencement of the movement on the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, losing several wounded.

My regiment accompanied the army on its late move south of Atlanta and labored in the perfecting of the many works completed by the army. On the night of the 31st instant received orders to report my regiment near Battle Station, on the Macon railroad, which being done by 3 a. m. the following morning, I assisted in tearing up and burning the track southward from that point till near Jonesborough, a distance of eight miles, near which place the enemy was discovered to be in force. The army being in position we moved forward, driving his skirmishers, when darkness overtook and stopped our progress. During the day our loss was 2 enlisted men wounded. During the night the enemy withdrew to Lovejoy's Station. Next day the army pursuing. My regiment in moving in position met with the loss of 1 enlisted man killed and 3 wounded. Learning that the enemy had evacuated Atlanta the morning of September 2, that being the objective point of the campaign, the army on the evening of the 5th instant withdrew from Lovejoy's Station and commenced its march to Atlanta. I entered the city with my regiment September 8, 1864, with 13 commissioned officers and 161 enlisted man for duty.

