
Recapitulation.-Commissioned officers killed, 3; wounded, 8. Enlisted men killed, 28; wounded, 97. Aggregate loss, 136.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. BROWN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE I. WATERMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 51.

Report of Colonel Emerson Opdyke, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 3-14.
HEADQUARTERS 125TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of submitting the following report of my regiment from May 3 to May 14, 1864, at which time the command fell upon Lieutenant Colonel D. H. Moore, I having since then been in command of a demi-brigade or a brigade:

May 3, I move with the brigade at 12 m. from Cleveland, Tenn., toward Dalton, Ga., with an aggregate of 500 officers and men, fully equipped for an active campaign. We bivouacked at 7.30 p. m. after a march of about fourteen miles. May 4, the march was resumed at 6 a. m. As we were near the enemy the march was slow. Halted at about seven miles from Tunnel Hill and commenced throwing up works, but after dusk we changed position and occupied a ridge that led down to Catoosa Springs. May 5 was spent in throwing up defensive works along the crest of the ridge. May 6, we received orders to be ready to move at any time. 7th, marched at 5.30 a. m., and at 2 p. m. arrived at Tunnel Hill. 8th, at daylight I reported to brigade headquarters, when General Harker showed me a map of the surrounding country, gave me a guide, and desired me to effect a lodgment on Rocky Face Ridge with my regiment, and he would support me with the remainder of the brigade. This ridge runs north and south and is exceedingly abrupt, especially the western side of it. Huge boulders lay thickly along its steep sides, which, with the severe angle of ascent, rendered our task very difficult. I saw but one practicable place of ascent on the western side, and the eastern was commanded by the enemy, who could move a heavy force readily up at almost any place. The ridge is 500 or 600 feet high, and the crest so narrow and rocky as to render it impossible for more then four men to march abreast upon it. I was informed that the enemy held the southern portion of it in force and could re-enforce their northern posts with easy facility. But as it was an important position, a foothold was very desirable. I moved to the northern point of the ridge and made a demonstration against the enemy's skirmishers, as if I intended to ass round to the eastern side and go up there; then suddenly withdrew my men left other portions of the brigade to continue the skirmish while, under concealment of trees, I commended to ascend obliquely the western side. We pushed up with all possible celerity, hoping to be quick enough to effect our purpose before the enemy could ascertain and meet my intentions. We met but feeble resistance until we reached the crest (which was at 8.30 a. m.) and commenced moving south, when we

