
met an advancing force. The skirmishers we first engaged escaped down the eastern side of the ridge, they having been cut off by the movements above indicated. The fire was severe, the rocks affording ample covering. I got a company front up and poured in several volleys and then charged and drove the enemy a third of a mile and behind a strong stone work, which was musket-proof. My left flank was greatly exposed and I had stone works thrown up to make my position as safe as possible. I then received orders from General Harker to proceed no father until directed by him.

The Fifteenth Wisconsin, Major, of General Willich's brigade, came up to my rear at 10.30 a. m., and I detained him to protect my rear left flank until he could be relived by troops from our own brigade. At 11.30 a. m. I relived him, the Sixth-fifth Ohio having reported to me. A signal station was soon established, which communicated with headquarters at Tunnel Hill. From this position we had a plain view of the enemy's works and batteries, and could see Dalton. The importance of it as a point of observation was apparent. I lost 5 men killed, 3 mortally wounded, 1 officer wounded, and 16 men. May 9, heavy skirmishing until 5.30 p. m., when an assault was made along the crest of the ridge by the flank, the Seventy-ninth Illinois as skirmishers, then the Sixty-fourth Ohio, followed, respectively, by the Third Kentucky and One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio. We could only move by the flank, and the rough surface made it impossible for troops to keep ranks even in that formation. The regiments in my front were soon in disorder, under severe musketry from behind complete protection. Numbers of my men were pushed off of rocks and fell six to ten feet. Lieutenant-Colonel Moore rushed ahead with about thirty brave men and got close to the enemy's works, but could not carry them. They had to remain there until darkness relieved them. Greater bravery than they exhibited could not be shown. Captain E. P. Bates was cool and able amidst the greatest excitement and under the severest fire. Adjt. R. C. Powers behaved with conspicuous gallantry and good judgment. I lost 4 men killed and 21 wounded. Lieutenant-Colonel Moore was hit three times, but seemed to be miraculously preserved. General Wagner's brigade relived ours after dark, and regiment bivouacked on a descending tongue that reached a few hundred yards perpendicularly from the eastern side of the ridge. May 10 and 11, no movements were made on the ridge. 12th, my regiment descended the ridge with the brigade and took up position on a smart rise, which seems to prolong the north end of Rocky Face. My right connected with the left of Colonel Sherman's brigade. The Sixty-fourth Ohio was next on my left, facing east. We threw up defensive works. No fighting in my front. Adjt. R. C. Powers captured a lieutenant and ordnance sergeant of the Thirty-sixth Georgia Regiment. 13th, enemy evacuated last night, and we pursued early in the morning. Rested in Dalton; at 12 m. moved on about eight miles south of that place and bivouacked in battle order. 14th, marched at 5.30 a. m.; about 9 a. m. our brigade was placed in reserve, and fighting soon commenced. Our brigade remained in reserve less than an hour, and it was then moved to relive a brigade of General Cox's division, of the Twenty-third Corps, then heavily engaged and nearly out of ammunition. I was the left of the front line, the Sixty-fifth Ohio on my right. We moved in line over an open field, which was exposed to a severe artillery fire. The men kept ranks almost per-

