
fectly, and we soon reached and relived the brigade, as directed. We had tolerable breast-works, from which General Cox had driven the enemy. The enemy's main works were about 300 yards to our front, and they partially enfiladed ours on the right. General Harker having received a severe wounded from a hostile shell. Colonel Bradley assumed command and directed me to move forward to relieve what was thought to be one of General Cox's regiments, which was holding a parallel crest a few roads to the front. My line passed quickly, under a severe fire of artillery and small-arms, and occupied the crest, although there were only a few skirmishers here to relieve. I soon after received a severe flesh wound in my arm, which, from the loss of blood, obliged me to turn the command over to Lieutenant-Colonel Morre. I remained near it, and when it was relived with it. Since then I have either been in command of a demi-brigade. My losses in this engagement were 5 men killed and 51 wounded, 6 of them mortally.

My whole losses, 2 officers wounded, 14 men killed, and 91 wounded, 10 of them mortally.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. OPDYCKE,

Colonel 125th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain E. G. WHITESIDES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 52.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel David H. Moore, One hundred and Twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 14-September 8.
HEADQUARTERS 125TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 12, 1864.

Captain: I have the honor to submit the following report of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers from the 14th day of May, when I took command (Colonel Opdycke having been severely wounded), to the 8th day of September, 1864, when it went into camp near Atlanta, Ga., at the close of the summer's campaign:

May 15, the regiment having been heavily engaged yesterday, retired to a commanding position in rear of the front line, and threw up strong earth-works. May 16, the enemy evacuated during the night. The One hundred and twenty-fifth joined in the pursuit at daylight, passed through Resaca at 9.30 a. m., pressed the enemy closely, and bivouacked at dark near Calhoun. May 17, recommenced pursuit at 7.30 a. m., and moved forward rapidly till 5 p. m., when a brisk skirmish ensued with the enemy's rear guard, which lasted till after dark. May 18, marched at 9 a. m. one mile to Adairsville, rested till 1 p. m., marched three miles toward Kingston, and bivouacked, the One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers having captured 4 prisoners during the day. May 19, marched two and a half miles beyond Kingston, encountered the enemy in force, and rested on arms during the night. May 20, went into camp three miles southeast of Kingston, where we were allowed to remain, the men resting, washing clothes, &amp;c., during the 21st and 22nd ultimo. As

24 R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

