
every available team ordered into the supply train, baggage was sent to the rear and the regiment was restricted to one team during the remainder of the campaign. May 23, marched at 12 m., leaving the enemy to our left, crossed the Etowah River shortly after dusk, and bivouacked two miles farther on at 8 p. m. May 24, moved at 8 a. m., crossed Euharlee Creek at Barrett's Mill, passed through Stilesborough, and bivouacked at dusk, after a march of thirteen miles under a scorching sun. May 25, moved to within one and a half miles of Dallas, and bivouacked in such position as to support the Twentieth Army Corps, which had engaged the enemy in strong force, and suffered a repulse during the afternoon. May 26, Companies B, F, G, H, and K were placed on picket, and the remainder of the regiment stood to arms during the day and threw up breastworks at night. May 27, the regiment remained behind works until 7 p. m., when it was ordered on picket. May 28, on picket; a continual firing with the enemy was kept up during the day. May 29, 30, and 31, regiment lay in the trenches. From the 1st to the 4th of June, inclusive, the regiment was constantly under fire of the enemy, occupying nearly the same position in the trenches. June 5, the One hundred and twenty-fifth having been on picket during the night advanced as skirmishers at daybreak and found that the enemy had evacuated his works. June 6, moved at 6 a. m. eight miles toward the railroad and bivouacked at 4 p. m. near Lost Mountain. June 7, 8, and 9, remained in same place, men washing and resting. June 10, marched at 11 a. m. through mud and rain three miles and confronted the enemy near Pine Mountain. June 11, occupied in getting into positions, rain falling in such quantities as almost prevent operations. June 12 and 13, active operations are suspended on account of excessive wet weather. June 14, regiment on picket, nothing of importance transpiring. June 15, the enemy evacuated our front; followed two miles, when we again encountered him behind strong works.

June 16, heavy artillery firing, but no movement on our part. June 17, advanced our lines a short distance. June 18, the lines are extended, the One hundred and twenty-fifth moves a short distance to the right and fortifies. June 19, the enemy having evacuated during last night, our lines are advanced two miles, when we again encountered him at the base of Kenesaw, on the northeast side of the mountain. Heavy cannonading is opened. Lieutenant Freeman Collins is killed by a fragment of shell, 2 men are wounded. Threw up strong works at night. June 20, the brigade being relieved by a brigade of the Fourteenth Army Corps, at dark the regiment marched one mile to the rear and bivouacked in open field. June 21, moved half a mile to the right, relieving Twentieth Army Corps in the trenches. At 4 p. m. advance our lines 400 yards and fortified. June 22, regiment was in reserve line. June 23, it being ordered to advance the pickets, the One hundred and twenty-fifth was ordered to support the skirmish line; Companies B, E, and K were deployed and advance with great determination, drove the enemy from his pits, but received such a severe fire from his main works as to be unable to hold the ground gained. Captain Sterling Manchester and 2 men were killed, and 12 men were wounded. Strengthened our advanced works at night. June 24, remained in position as support to the picket-line. June 25 and 26, were in rear line of trenches, resting. June 27, it having been determined to charge the enemy's works to the right of Kenesaw Mountain, the Third Bri-

