
9 a. m. at Nancy's Creek charged him from his temporary intrenchments and drove him six miles, bivouacking early in the afternoon at Buck Head. Lost during the day 1 men killed and 5 wounded. July 19, remain in bivouac. July 20, marched at 6 a. m., crossed Peach Tree Creek at 12 m. and assisted in repulsing a severe attack of the enemy, which resulted very disastrously to him. July 21, rested in bivouac. July 22, marched at 10 a. m. and drove the enemy into his intrenchments about Atlanta after severe skirmishing. Went into position late in the afternoon, and worked all night at throwing up breast-works. July 23, changed position farther to the right of Peach Tree Creek road and constructed strong breastworks.

From the 24th day of July to the 24th day of August, inclusive, occupied nearly the same position, strengthening works, doing picket duty, &amp;c. August 25, the grand flanking movement commencing, the regiment marched all night to our right. August 26, continued the movement began last night until 4 p. m., when the regiment bivouacked for the night. August 27, 28, 29, 30, and 31, were occupied in trying to get possession of the Macon railroad between Rough and Ready Station and Jonesborough. September 1, struck the railroad three miles below Rough and Ready Station, and assisted in tearing up and burning the track between that point and Jonesborough. The Army of the Tennessee having engaged the enemy at the latter place early in the day and gained advantage over him, the Fourth Army Corps was ordered to its assistance, but arrived too late in the day to be available. The One hundred and twenty-fifth, in the front line on the extreme left, went into position at dark after slight skirmishing with scattering cavalry, extended our pickets so as to inclose a rebel hospital containing three surgeons, several nurses and attendants, and 150 rebel wounded. September 2, pursued the enemy to Lovejoy's Station, confronted him on the 3rd and 4th, and marched to Atlanta on the 5th, 6th, and 7th. September 8, went into camp two miles northeast of the city near the Augusta railroad.

Casualties since May 14, 1864: Killed, commissioned officers, 5; enlisted men, 27. Wounded, commissioned officers, 9; enlisted men, 107. Aggregate, 148.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

D. H. MOORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain GEORGE I. WATERMAN,

A. A. A. G., Third Brigadier, Second Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 53.

Report of Brigadier General Thomas J. Wood, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

SIR: The opening of the grand campaigns in the spring of 1864 witnessed a new phase in our military combinations. Previously dispersion of our troops, and of course of our efforts, had been the order of the day: for the campaigns of the spring and summer of

