
1864 concentration of troops had been wisely resolved on. In conformity with this principal of concentration large masses of troops were concentrated in and near the northwestern angle of Georgia in the latter part of April for the summer campaign in to this State. The division which I have the honor to command, being the Third Division, of the Fourth Army Corps, Army of the Cumberland, Constituted a part of the troops so assembled, and it is the object of this report to present a faithful history of the part it bore in the grand campaign, which extending over the long tern of four months of continued effort and struggle, finally resulted most gloriously to our arms in the capture of Atlanta.

At 12 m. on the 3rd of May ultimo the division broke up its encampment at MacDonald's Station, near Cleveland, on the East Tennessee railroad, and marched southward toward Catoosa Springs. On the 4th of May division of the Fourth Corps were concentrated at the Springs. As the troops approached the Springs a light party of hostile cavalry was encountered, but it fled immediately before the onward movement. May the 5th and 6th the division, with the other division, remained in camp. May the 7th the onward movement was resumed, the First Division of the corps leading. A few hours' march led to Tunnel Hill. This is a strong position, and it had been supposed the enemy might attempt a serious opposition to our father progress; but it was found to be occupied only by cavalry, which was quickly driven off by the light troops of the First Division. The hill was soon occupied by the First and Third Division, the former on the right, the latter on the left. During the evening of the 7th an order was received directing the First and Third Divisions, of the Fourth Corps, to make a demonstration at 6 o'clock the following morning against Rocky Face Ridge, to cover and facilitate the operations of other troops against Buzzard Roost Pass and the northeastern flank of the ridge. Rocky Face is a bold ridge rising some 500 feet above the general level of the country, and running from a little east of north to west of south. The crest of the ridge is sheer precipice of solid rock, varying in height from twenty to sixty feet. To carry the crest by a direct movement, when occupied by the enemy, was an impossible undertaking, hence the demonstration was ordered to be made with a skirmish line, supported by solid lines. Buzzard Roost Pass is a gap in Rocky Face Ridge, through which the Western and Atlantic Railway passes. It is very formidable position from its topographical features, and they had been strengthened by heavy intrenchments. The enemy held the northern entrance to the pass in force, and had the remainder of his troops disposed thence through the pass to Dalton, on the ridge, and on the roads passing east of the ridge to Dalton. The entire position, with its strong natural advantages, strengthened by defensive works, was impregnable against a direct attack. The demonstration commenced by the division on the 8th was continued throughout the day and almost continuously on the 9th, 10th, 11th, and to noon of the 12th, and although it was intended simply as a diversion, and was made with the skirmish line, a considerable number of casualties attested the vigor with which the demonstration against the rugged height was made. The impregnability of the enemy's position against a direct attack having become thoroughly patent, during the afternoon and night of the 11th a movement was commenced by all the forces in front of the enemy, less the Fourth Corps, to unite with

