
The morning of the 26th still found the enemy in our front. My division was early deployed into order of battle on the left of the Second Division, of the Fourth Corps. The day was spent by my division in very brilliant and successful maneuvering to determine the exact position of the enemy's intrenched line. To accomplish this it was necessary to drive in his light troops, who formed a screen to his position. The ground was some parts difficult to maneuver on, and a deep stream had to be bridged, but the work was satisfactorily accomplished. The operations of the 26th having satisfactorily defined the position of the enemy's intricate line, it was determined on Friday morning, the 27th, that it should be assaulted, and my division was selected for this arduous and dangerous task. A minute and critical examination of the enemy's intrenchments rendered it evident that a direct front attack would be of most doubtful success, and would certainly cost a great sacrifice of life. Hence, it was determined to attempt to find the extreme right of the enemy's position, turn it, and attack him in flank. In conformity with this determination my division was moved entirely to the left of our line and formed, by order of Major-General Howard, commanding the corps, in parallel lines, each brigade being formed in two lines. The order of the brigades in this grand column of attack was, first, the Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Hazen commanding; second, the First Brigade, Colonel Gibson, Forty-ninth Ohio, commanding; third, the Third Brigade, Colonel Knefler, Seventy-ninth Indiana, commanding. When all the dispositions were completed (and these required but a short space of time), the magnificent array moved forward. For a mile the march was nearly due southward, through dense forests and the thickest jungle, a country whose surface was scarred by deep ravines and intersected by difficult ridges. But the movement of the column through all these difficulties was steadily onward. Having moved a mile southward and not having discovered any indication of the enemy, it was supposed we had passed entirely to the east of his extreme right. On this hypothesis the column was wheeled to the right and advanced in nearly a westerly course for nearly a mile and half. The nature of the country passed over in this movement was similar in all respects to that already described. After the westerly movement had progressed nearly a mile and a half the flankers discovered that the column in wheeling to the right swung inside of the enemy's line. It was necessary, to gain the goal, to face to the left, file left, and by a flank movement conduct the column eastward and southward around the enemy's right flank. When all these movements, so well calculated to try the physical strength of the men, were concluded, and the point gained, from which it was believed that the column move directly on the enemy's flank, the day was well spent. It was nearly 4 p. m. The men had been on their feet since early daylight, and of course were much worn. The column was halted a few moments to readjust the lines, to give the men a brief breathing space, and to give the division which to protect and cover the left flank of the column time to come up and take position. At 4.30 p. m. precisely the order was given to attack, and the column with its front well covered moved forward. And never have troops marched to a deadly assault, under the most adverse circumstances, with more firmness, with more truly soldierly bearing, and with more distinguished gallantry. On, on, through the thickest jungle, over exceedingly rough and broken ground, and

