
caution was the more necessary to protect the division against a sudden attack of overwhelming numbers, as it was in some measure isolated from the greater part of the army. The division remained in this position from the 28th of May to the 6th of June, varying it slightly by changes in the lines. Constant skirmishing was kept up the whole time.

On the 31st of May the rebel division of General Loring made a decided movement against the front of my division, but it was readily repulsed by the intrenched skirmish line From prisoners captured it was learned that the rebel division had suffered severely in this demonstration.

Saturday night, the 4th of June, the enemy abandoned his position in the vicinity of New Hope Church and moved eastward. This was the fifth strongly intrenched position evacuated. Monday, the 6th of June, my division, with the rest of the corps, moved eastward to the neighborhood of Mount Morris Church. June 7, 8, and 9, the division remained in camp. June 10, the division moved with the corps southward and took position in front of Pine Top Knob. June 11, 12, 13, and 14, remained in this position, constantly skirmishing, with a few casualties daily. Tuesday night, June 14, the enemy evacuated Pine Top Knob, retiring to his intrenched lines half a mile south of it. Wednesday, June 15, the Second Division of the corps was ordered to assault the enemy's works, and my division was ordered to support it. However, the assault was not made, and the corps remained in the position of Wednesday afternoon throughout Thursday, June 16, carrying on the usual skirmishing with the enemy. Thursday night the enemy evacuated his lines, crossed Muddy Creek, and swung back toward Kenesaw Mountain. Thus was he forced from his sixth strongly intrenched position. Early Friday morning the Fourth Corps followed up the enemy, my division leading. The day was spent in driving the enemy's skirmishers and outposts across Muddy Creek. Saturday, June 18, was spent in heavy skirmishing. Saturday night the enemy evacuated his seventh intrenched position and retired to his works around Kenesaw Mountain. Sunday morning the pursuit was renewed and the enemy pressed in on his works. Here the division remained from Sunday, June 19, to Sunday July 3. Sharp skirmishing was kept up during the whole of time, and the period was also enlivened with some brilliant affairs and other more serious operations. Some of these affairs are worthy of special mention. Late Monday afternoon, June 20, a portion of the First Brigade, of the First Division, lost an important position which it had gained earlier in the day. At noon on the following day the corps commander arranged an attack, embracing a part of the First Brigade, of the First Division, and a part of the First Brigade (the Fifteenth and Forty-ninth Ohio) of my division. The Fifteenth Ohio dashed gallantly forward, carried the hill which had been lost, and intrenched itself on it under a heavy fire of the enemy; while the Forty-ninth Ohio, moving forward to the right, carried intrenched another important position till farther in advance. This brilliant success cost the two regiments quite heavily; but it was useful in enabling us to swing up our lines to the right and circumscribing the enemy to a narrower limit of action. The remainder of this week was passed in pressing the enemy's outposts on his main lines; affairs which, estimated by their casualties, rose to the dignity of battles. On the 27th of June the Second Division, of the Fourth Corps, was ordered to assault

