
a point below the enemy's intrenchments on the opposite bank. At this point a ravine leads down to the creek in such as to hide troops moving down it from the view of the opposite. The pioneers of the brigade were each provided with a long pole, about thirty feet long, to be used as sleepers for the construction of the bridge, and the 100 picked men each took a rail. Thus provided these parties moved quietly down the ravine to the water's edge and quickly threw the bridge over. The 100 men passed rapidly over, deployed, and drove back the enemy's skirmishers. The brigade followed quickly, deployed, moved to the left, flaked the enemy's intrenchments, forced him out, and captured some prisoners. As soon as the Third Brigade had got across, the First Brigade, higher up the stream, threw over a bridge, crossed, and joined the Third Brigade. The two brigades immediately intrenched themselves strongly, and the lodgment was secured. The enemy resisted the crossing with artillery as well as musketry, but our artillery was so disposed on the north bank as to dominate the enemy's. Owing to the manner in which the stream was crossed, as well as the rapidity with which the whole was accomplished, the casualties were small. Considering that half of the rebel army might have been precipitated on the troops which effected the crossing, and that the passage was really made in the presence of a considerable force, it may be truly asserted that no handsomer nor more artistic operation was made during the campaign. The Second Brigade (General Hazen) was ordered up from Buck Head during the afternoon, and so soon as the lodgment was made on the south bank the brigade was put to work to construct a permanent bridge. The work was nearly finished by night-fall, and the remainder, by order of Major-General Howard, was turned over to General Newton's division for completion. Leaving General Hazen's brigade to hold for the night the intrenchments constructed by the First and Third Brigades on the south side of Peach Tree Creek, I returned to the camp at Buck Head with these two brigades to get their camp equipage, which had been left there when they moved out in the morning to make the reconnaissance. Wednesday, July 20, my division was ordered to follow the First Division by a road crossing the branches of Peach Tree Creek above the junction which forms the principal stream. During the day the brigades were deployed (two on the northern side of the main stream, the third on the southern side) for the purpose of closing up the gaps in our general line. Thursday, July 21, was passed in constructing intrenchments and in forcing the enemy back into his line of works intermediate between Peach Tree Creek and Atlanta. The day was marked by some very sharp skirmishing, which fell particularly heavy on the Third Brigade, Thursday night the enemy abandoned his eleventh line of intrenchments and retired within his defensive works around Atlanta. Early Friday morning my division was pressing closely on the heels of the retiring enemy. Pressing closely up to the enemy's main line of works my division took a strong position in the forenoon of July 22, and intrenched it securely. This position, varied slightly by changes growing out of pressing the enemy more thoroughly into his defensive works, was maintained till the night of the 25th of August. During the whole period sharp skirmishing was kept up on the picket-line, and throughout the whole time the division was exposed to a constant fire of shot, shell, and musketry, which bore its fruit in numerous casualties. During the period, also, many important demonstrations were made

