
by the division, with the double purpose of determining the strength and position of the enemy's works and of making a division in favor of the movement of other troops. In some of those demonstrations the casualties, for the number of troops engaged, were quite severe. Several of them were graced with brilliant captures of the enemy's picket intrenchments.

On the 27th July Major-General Howard relinquished command of the Fourth Corps to assume command of the Army of the Tennessee, made vacant by the death of the lamented McPherson. Replete with professional knowledge, patriotic zeal, and soldierly ambition, General Howard's administration of the Fourth Corps was a happy combination of energy, zeal, and prudence, of enterprise and sound military views. He came among us personally a stranger, known only to us by his professional reputation. He left us regretted by all, respected as a commander, esteemed as a friend, and loved as a comrade in arms. The casualties in my division during that part of the campaign in which General Howard commanded the Fourth Corps amounted to 2,603 officers and men. Brigadier-General Hazen was transferred on the 17th of August to the Army of the Tennessee. By this transfer I lost the services and assistance of a most excellent brigade commander. Though General Hazen no longer belongs to my command, I deem it my duty, as it certainly is a pleasure, to bear testimony to the intelligent, efficient, and zealous manner, in which he performed his duties while in my division. During the late campaign his brigade was always ably handled, and rendered valuable service. In the battle of the 27th May, leading the assault, it particularly distinguished itself.

At 9 p. m. on Thursday, the 25th of August, my division, with the other division of the Fourth Corps, withdrew from its lines in front of Atlanta to participate in the bold but dangerous flank movement which terminated most brilliantly in compelling the enemy to evacuate Atlanta. Silently and quietly the troops drew out from the immediate presence of the enemy undiscovered. No suspicion of our designs or the nature of our movements seems to have reached him. The movement was continued nearly all night, when the troops were allowed to rest till daylight and get their breakfast. About 7 a. m. Friday, the 26th, our pickets reported some movement among the enemy, which was supposed might indicate an intention to attack, but it resulted in nothing important. At 8 a. m. our movement was continued and kept up throughout the day. Saturday, the 27th, the movement was resumed, and the troops moved steadily around the enemy's left toward his rear. Sunday, the 28th, the West Point railway was reached. Monday, the 29th, my division was engaged in destroying the West Point road. Tuesday, the 30th, the movement was resumed to reach the Macon railway. It was considered certain that the destruction of this last line of his rail communications must inevitably compel the enemy to evacuate Atlanta. Wednesday, the 31st, my division, leading the Fourth Corps, and in conjunction with a division of the Twenty-third Corps, made a strong lodgment on the Macon railroad. Early Thursday morning, September 1, the work of destroying the road was commenced, but it was soon discontinued, by an order to move by the Griffin road in the direction of Jonesborough. It was understood that two corps (Hardee's and Lee's) of the rebel army concentrated there. My division being in reserve for the day and in charge of the trains of corps, did not reach Jonesborough till

