
nearly night-fall, and of course had no opportunity to take part in the engagement which occurred there late in the afternoon. Arriving near the field a little before night-fall, I was ordered to mass my division in rear of the First and Second Division of the corps, which deployed in order of battle, and just then becoming slightly engaged. During the night order were received to be prepared to attack the enemy at daylight the following morning, but when the morning camp it was found the enemy had retreated. Friday, September 2, the pursuit was continued. The enemy was again intrenched across the railway, about two miles north of Lovejoy's Station. I was ordered to deploy my division into order of battle, and to advance with a view of attacking the enemy's position. The deployment was made as quickly as possible, and at the order the division moved forward. The ground over which the advance was made was the most unfavorable that can possibly be conceived. Abrupt ascents, deep ravines, treacherous morasses, and the densest jungle, were encountered in the advance. Having arrived near the enemy's works, and while the troops were halted to readjust the lines, I became satisfied that the most favorable point for attack in front of my division was in front of my left (or Third) brigade. I hence ordered the brigade commanders to prepare to attack. Thinking we arrived at or near the right flank of the enemy's line, I went toward the left to concert with the two brigade commanders next on my left for a simultaneous attack. To reach them I had to pass over an open space which was swept by a sharp fire of musketry from the enemy's works. I crossed this space safely in going over, saw the two brigade commanders, and made the necessary arrangements. As I was returning across the dangerous space I was struck down by a rifle-shot. I immediately dispatched a staff officer to the brigade commander to proceed with the attack. This was gallantly made under a sharp fire of musketry and grape and canister, and the first position of the enemy carried, and about 20 prisoners captured; but the failure of the troops on the left to come up, whereby the brigade was exposed to a flank as well as a direct fire, rendered a farther advance impossible, though the effort to do was made. The front line of the brigade intrenched itself in advance of the captured line of the enemy's works, and held this position till the final withdrawal of the army. The brigade suffered quite severely in the assault, especially in the loss of some valuable officers. Captain Miller, assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, was killed instantly. He was a most gallant, intelligent, and useful officer. His untimely death is mourned by all who had the pleasure of his acquaintance. Colonel Manderson, Nineteenth Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey, Ninth Kentucky; Captain Colcazer, Seventy-ninth Indiana, and other valuable officers, were wounded in the assault. I remained on the field till I had seen my division securely posted, and finally reached my headquarters about 8 p. m. The following morning the commanding general of the grand Military Division of the Mississippi announced the campaign terminated. But my division maintained its position in close proximity to the enemy, daily losing some men in the picket encounters, till Monday night, the 5th, when it was quietly and successfully withdrawn. By easy stages and unembarrassed by the enemy the division continues its march to this city, reaching here on the 8th instant. And here the division rests after the termination of the labors of the campaign.

If the length of the campaign, commencing on the 3rd of May and terminating on the 2nd of September, with its ceaseless toil and

