
earnestness and heroic determination which covered all engaged with the highest honor, and wound have insured success if their flanks could have been properly supported.

Advanced to within fifteen paces of the enemy's intrenchments, the troops were compelled to desist from the attack by the flank fire of artillery and musketry, not by the direst ones.

For the heroism displayed, the commanding general expresses the warmest thanks.

By command of Brigadier-General Wood:

M. P. BESTOW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 42. Near Buck Head, Ga., July 19, 1864.

The commanding general congratulates the division on the very brilliant success it achieved to-day. The force passage of a stream in the presence of an intrenched enemy is justly regarded among military men as one of the most difficult feast of arms. this the division did to-day, effecting a permanent lodgment, with comparatively small loss. Though the Third Brigade enjoyed the good fortune of being the most prominent in the day's operations, the First and Second Brigades are entitled to the credit of a prompt and hearty co-operation.

The commanding general is happy to believe there will never be any other feeling among the brigades of the division than a noble rivalry and a generous appreciation of each others good deeds. He tenders his thanks to the division for its good conduct, and expresses his sympathy for the officers and men who have on this occasion sealed their devotion to their country with their blood.

By command of Brigadier-General Wood:

M. P. BESTOW,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 54.

Report of Colonel Charles T. Hotchkiss, Eighty-ninth Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FOURTH CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the brigade in the late campaign, commencing at McDonald's Station, near Chattanooga, Tenn., on the 3rd day of May, and ending at Lovejoy's Station, twenty-eight miles south of Atlanta, Ga., on the evening of the 4th instant, embracing a period of 123 days, and resulting in the constant defeat and pressing back of the rebel army-first under General J. E. Johnston, then General Hood-from Tunnel Hill, a distance of 150 miles, and the occupation of Atlanta, with the intervening county, by the U. S. forces:

This brigade at 12 m. on the 3rd day of May moved with the division, on a road leading through Catoosa Springs, to Tunnel Hill, which point was reached about 12 m. of May 6, where the enemy was

