
July 3, about 9 a. m. we marched with the division, morning toward Marietta on a road to the right of the railroad, passing through and to the south of the same for about two miles, when we crossed the railroad, taking and continuing on a road to the left of and parallel with it, passing, through a line of parapets, built but not used by the enemy, and camping that night near Neal Dow Station, about five miles south of Marietta. Our division being a reserve, we did not become engaged this day. The enemy being found in force here in a strongly fortified position, about 12 m. July 4 this brigade was moved forward and to the left a distance of about one mile, where we formed on the left of Knefler's brigade, covering our front with skirmishers, connecting them on the left with General Garrard's cavalry force, which was covering the left flank of the army. The position thus taken being the extreme left of the army, our line was refused to that of the main line, our front being south-east, the general front south. At 7 a. m. July 5 we marched with and in rear of the division in close pursuit of the enemy, passing through his works, which he had abandoned the night previous, falling back to his fortifications at the Chattahoochee River, where the railroad crosses the same, we moving along the railroad to Vining's Station, were we turned directly to the left, going into camp on the bank of the Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry, and about half a mile from the railroad, the enemy in our front being on the opposite side of the river, and on our right in his fortifications on our side of the river, confronted by the other corps of our army. We remained in this position, simply picketing our front and flank, until 12 m. July 10, when we moved with the division about seven miles up the river, going into camp at Edward Ferry, supporting the Twenty-third Corps, who were in position on the opposite (Atlanta) side od the river. July 12, we moved with the division, this brigade being in the advance, about three miles down the river, crossing the same on a pontoon brigade about 1 p. m., and going into position on the crest of a ridge one mile from the ferry on the left of General Stanley's division, where we built strong barricades and remained until 8 a. m. of the 13th, when we moved about one mile and half to the right, taking position on the crest of a very considerable ridge, our right nearly resting on the river, our left connected with General Hazen's brigade; this position we also barricaded and remained until the morning of July 18. July 17, without breaking up camp, this brigade (taking the advance) moved with the division to the right, crossing Nancy's Creek, and covered the crossing of the Fourteenth Corps over the Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry. This accomplished, we returned to camp about 6 p. m., having met with but little opposition and no loss and taking a few prisoners. July 18, at 8.30 a. m. the brigade marched out in rear of the division, which followed the division of General Newton on the Power's Ferry and Atlanta road to Buck Head, a distance of about seven miles, where, at 4 p. m., we went into camp. At 6 a. m. on the 19th this brigade, following the brigade of Colonel Knefler, which led advance of the division, moved on the same road to Peach Tree Creek, a distance of about two miles, when the enemy was found in considerable force on the opposite side, protected by a chain of rifle-pits and prepared to make a determined resistance to our crossing. The brigade was massed in the rear of and in support of Colonel Knefler's brigade, which was in position on the right of the road. Flankers from all the regiments were moved well out on left and the Twenty-fifth

