
the field, was relieved from duty and proceeded to his home to be mustered out of service, and the command of this brigade was assumed by myself.

Our casualties at this point before Atlanta were: Killed, 24; wounded, 125; missing, 3; total, 152.

Orders having been issued to move the entire army to the south-west of Atlanta, the same night, in concert with the other troops, we abandoned our works at 10 p. m., leaving the skirmish in their usual position until midnight, when we withdrew by regiments, commencing on the left, and joined the division on the Peach Tree road, in rear of General Newton's division, and moved to the right and in rear of the Twentieth Corps, marching about four miles, and resting in bivouac at 4 a. m. in a position near the railroad and in rear of the Sixteenth Corps, where the men left on picket on our vacated lines joined us at daybreak. This movement was executed without the enemy discovering our withdrawal until the next morning, when awaiting in a defensive position until 9 a. m. we moved with the division in a southwesterly direction, striking the Sandtown road, which we followed until 4 p. m., when we went into camp, having marched about twelve miles. At 8 a. m. on the 27th we marched with the division south on a neighborhood road in the direction of the West Point railroad to a point near Camp Creek, 6 miles from East Point, where, the cavalry covering our movement meeting with considerable resistance, we halted for the night and barricaded our front. At 6 p. m. on the 28th moved with the division on a road crossing Camp Creek and interesting the West Point railroad near and north of Red Oak Station, bivouacking on both sides of the road, having marched about three miles. On the 29th, the Second and Third Brigades having been detached for the purpose of assisting in the destruction of the West Point railroad, this brigade took position on the left of Newton's division, our left refused, and build strong barricades. Later in the day the Twenty-third Corps came into position on our left. August 30, at 6 a. m. marched with the division, crossing the West Point railroad near Red Oak Station and moving in an easterly direction. About 11 a. m. the brigade was detached from the division, for the purpose of guarding the corps' trains, which were moving on a road to the right leading toward the Fayetteville pike, rejoining and camping with the division that night at--- Church, southwest of Rough and Ready and four miles from the Macon railroad. At 8 a. m. August 31 marched with the division in an easterly direction, crossing Flint River at---Mills, were, striking a by-road to the right and south of the main road, we moved in the direction of the Macon railroad, striking the same near Rough and Ready about 4 p. m. and assisted in its destruction. Near night-fall we took position, fronting south, on the right of the road, throwing up temporary works. Next morning at 7 a. m. marched with the division, following the main Jonesborough road to a point four miles from the town, when, leaving the road to the right, over by-roads, we again struck the Macon road, and, following its line south to a point about one mile from town, where we massed in an open field in rear of General Newton's division, which, in connection with the Fourteenth Corps on its right, had engaged the enemy toward night-fall, our division being in reserve, this brigade did not become engaged. The enemy having retreated during the night from his position at Jonesborough, early in the morning of the 2nd we marched with the division, following the

