
line of railroad toward Lovejoy's Station, where the enemy being found in force, this brigade, about 3 p. m., went into position on the left of the railroad, connecting our right with General Wagner's brigade, of Newton's division, Colonel Post's brigade connecting with our left. We advanced to within 300 yards of the enemy's barricades and threw up temporary works. The campaign being ended, we retired to Jonesborough on the 4th, rested there on the 5th, and leisurely marched to the position we now occupy, passing through Atlanta, and arriving here the following day.

The total casualties in the brigade during this period have been: Commissioned officers-killed, 9; wounded, 44; missing, 3; total, 56. Enlisted men-killed, 171; wounded, 869; missing, 150; total, 1,190. Total-killed, 180; wounded, 913; missing, 153. Aggregate, 1,246. For a detailed list I respectfully refer to the accompanying reports of regimental commanders. During the same time we have taken 301 prisoners, including 13 commissioned officers. The Twenty-fifth Illinois, Thirty-second Indiana, and Thirty-fifth Illinois having been from duty before the close of the campaign, no reports were furnished by their commanding officers.

To Colonel Frank Askew, commanding Fifteenth Ohio Veteran Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel Samuel F. Gray, commanding Forty-ninth Ohio Veteran Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel William D. Williams, commanding Eighty-ninth Illinois Infantry; Colonel Frank Erdelmeyer, commanding Thirty-second Indiana Infantry; Colonel R. H. Nodine, commanding Twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry. Lieutenant Colonel W. P. Chandler, commanding Thirty-fifth Illinois Infantry; Lieutenant Colonel O. C. Johnson and Major George Wilson, commanding Fifteenth Wisconsin Infantry; Colonel Lohn A. Martin and Lieutenant Colonel James M. Graham, commanding Eighth Kansas Veteran Volunteer Infantry, all brave and competent officers, are due the thanks of their country.

To the brigade staff-Lieutenant D. Green, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant C. A. Norton, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant J. A. Beeman, topographical engineer; Captain C. H. Askew, provost-marshal; Lieutenant Wallace McGrath, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain C. Fouke, commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant T. A. Pesso, acting assistant quartermaster; and Lieutenants V. Koehler and L. G. Nelson, aides-de-camp-I render my personal thanks for their valuable aid and cordial co-operation, and bear cheerful testimony to their bravery, industry, and the good judgment with which they performed, under the several commanders of the brigade, the arduous and important duties necessarily imposed upon them.

Having now submitted the customary details, based upon the best date at my command, I should regard the report of operations in so great a campaign as the one just closed as incomplete did I omit to bear tribute to the excellent esprit de corps and veteran steadiness and bravery of the officers and men in the gallant old First Brigade. Tried on the fields of Shiloh, Stone's River, bloody Chickamauga, and Mission Ridge, they could not fail, even when put to the severe test of 123 days of active field duty, unrelieved by a consecutive night of secure rest; no maneuvers, however self-evidently dangerous, have called forth dissatisfaction or spoken doubt; no murmurs have come from them of necessarily imposed, but heavy, duty in storm or sunshine; no officer or enlisted man mars the records of our courts-material with a cowardly charge against his name; no flag has received a station or been lost because its keepers shrunk in the

