
works, well constructed; third, that the enemy's main work is from 200 to 300 yards in rear of his first line, well located, and strongly built and protected; fourth, that his main line is on higher ground and completely commands the first; fifth, that a strong skirmish line only occupies the first line of works. When we advanced the enemy's troops appeared in the main line, clearing it for action, by throwing down the ardors and formed in line of battle. These troops, or two regiments, appeared to move up from the rear opposite our left, and, filing left at their works, took position on the double-quick. My advance was under the immediate direction of Major Killer, Eighty-ninth Illinois, picket officer of the day, who exhibited most commendable prudence, skill, and energy.

My loss was 1 captain severely wounded. Enlisted men-killed, 4; wounded, 10; missing, 2. Total, 17.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. GIBSON,

Colonel Forty-ninth Ohio Vol. Infty., Commanding Brigade.

Captain M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 56.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William D. Williams, Eighty-ninth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-NINTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLS.,Near Atlanta, Ga, September 13, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to report the operations of the Eighty-ninth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers from May 3 to September 9, 1864, embracing a period of more than four months, on a line of operations of more than 160 miles in length directly in the heart of the enemy's country.

In obedience to orders from superior authority, the Eighty-ninth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, under the command of Colonel Charles T. Hotchkiss, marched from McDonald's Station, on the East Tennessee railroad, in company with brigade, division, and corps, on Tuesday, May 3, 1864, at 12 m. Arrived at Catoosa Springs and encamped for the night. Marched again on May 7, and arrived at Tunnel Hill May 8; encamped for the night. May 9, moved forward to near Rocky Face Ridge, and took position in support of the Thirty-Second Indiana Infantry; same day the Eighty-ninth relieved the Thirty-fifth Illinois Infantry as skirmishers, and drove the enemy's skirmishers up the hill called Rocky Face Ridge. In this affair the Eighty-ninth Illinois lost 2 killed and 15 wounded. (For names, rank, and character of wounds, see schedule, marked A,* accompanying this report.) May 10, were relieved as skirmishers, and took position in reserve. May 10 [11], again deployed as skirmishers in front of Rocky Face Ridge; no casualties. May 12, marched to the left of Rocky Face Ridge, took position and built breast-works. May 13, took up line of march in pursuit of the enemy

---------------

* Omitted. It shows an aggregate during the campaign of 40 killed, 130 wounded, and 68 captured or missing.

---------------

26 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I.

