
(he having abandoned his intrechments during the night of the 12th), passing Dalton. May 14, took up position near Oostenaula River and built breast-works. May 15, enemy again abandoned their works and we took up line of march, following him southward. May 16, continued the march. May 17, still following the enemy. May 18, took up position in front of the enemy; during the night of the 18th the [enemy] abandoned his intrenchments. May 19, took up line of march, passing through Kingston; overtook the enemy near Cassville intrenched; took up position, and built breast-works. May 20, 21, 22, remained in our works, the enemy in the mean time retreating southward; while remaining in our works near Cassvile replenished our stores of rations, reduced baggage, and prepared to follow the enemy across the Etowah River to his stronghold at Atlanta. May 23, took up line of march southward, crossed the Etowah River. May 24, still going southward in pursuit. May 25, still in pursuit. May 26, deployed regiment as skirmishers; encountered the enemy's skirmishers. Casualties, 1 man wounded, since dead (see schedule, marked A). May 27, were relieved as skirmishers and immediately ordered to move to the left to form part of a column of attack on the enemy's works. We moved about five miles to the left to a place known as Pickett's Mill; were formed in a column of attack-the Eighty-ninth forming part of the first or front line, the Fifteenth Wisconsin and Thirty-second Indiana on our left; nothing on our right. Moved to the attack of the enemy's works at 5 p. m.; commenced the charge in fine order and good spirits; was met with a destructive fire from the enemy of musketry and artillery; advanced to within about twenty-five yards of the enemy's works up a steep hill; here the fire was so murderous that the column paused, wavered, and sought such shelter as they could find. After sustaining this terrific fire for about an hour were recalled, but did not withdraw until after dark, then withdrew beyond range, re-formed, and after sending out details to pick up the wounded, retired a short distance to the rear. Our casualties were large, and attest the terrible character of the assault. Killed, 16; wounded, 71; missing, 67; among them 4 commissioned officers, Captain L. F. Dimick, Company F; Captain S. C. Comstock, Company I; Lieutenant Arenschield, Company F, and Lieutenant Wood, Company B. (For names, rank, and wounds, see schedule, marched A.) After retiring to the rear about 600 yards, built breast-works, worked all night at them, and remained in them May 28 and 29, the enemy occasionally feeling our lines and eliciting spirited replies, which sent them speedily back to their works. May 30, advanced the line 500 yards to front and right; built breast-works and remained in them May 31, June 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. During the night of the 5th the enemy abandoned his works on our front. June 6, took up line of march in pursuit via Acworth. June 7, 8, 9, remained in camp waiting orders. June 10, marched forward three miles. June 11, took position in line of battle in front of Pine Mountain. June 12, 13, remained in position. June 14, advanced in line of battle and found the enemy's works on Pine Mountain abandoned. June 15 and 16, remained within enemy's works on Pine Mountain. June 17, advanced, deployed as skirmishers, about two miles, encountered the enemy's skirmishers and steadily drove them back to their rifle-pits on the south side of a large open field, then charged across this field and drove the enemy from their rifle-pits, and occupied them with the Eighty-ninth's

