
skirmishers. Casualties, killed, none; wounded, 7; 2 since dead. (See schedule, marked A.) This skirmish was a very gallant and spirited affair, and particularly honorable to the dash and spirit of the Eighty-ninth Illinois. It was then called Bald-Mountain. The Eighty-ninth feel entitled to claim they were the first to cross the open field and drive the enemy from their admirably selected and well constructed rifle-pits. This under the eye of the division commander. June 18, advanced about 600 yards and built breast-works. During the night of the 18th the enemy abandoned their works, and we advanced and occupied them. June 20, advanced, deployed as skirmishers. June 21, advanced as support of Forty-ninth and Fifteenth Ohio, deployed as skirmishers. These gallant regiments drove the enemy from a position known as Bald Knob. The Eighty-ninth relieved the Forty-ninth Ohio, which had taken an advanced position in the wood to the right of the knob. The enemy contested this advanced position with obstinacy, and our casualties were 2 killed and 14 wounded. (See schedule, marked A.) Here fell Lieutenant William Harkness, Company H, an energetic and brave officer, a sincere Christian, and urbane gentleman. June 22 to July 2, occupying alternately the first and second lines of breast-works with the Fifteenth Ohio. During this time, from June 22 to July 2, eleven days, our casualties were 5 killed, 13 wounded. (See schedule, marched A, for names, rank, &amp;c.) July 2, at midnight moved to the extreme left of the army to a point opposite Little Kenesaw. During the night of the 2nd the enemy abandoned his intrenchments on our front, as well as all along the line of the Kenesaw, and at daylight, July 3, we beheld with delight the Stars and Stripes floating proudly and defiantly on the summit of Kenesaw Mountain. July 3, pursued the enemy southward, passing through Marietta, and encamping three miles south, at or near Station Neal Dow. July 4, remained in camp. During the night of the 4th the enemy retreated. July 5, advanced to the bank of the Chattahoochee River, and encamped at Pace's Ferry. Remained in [camp] July 6, 7, 8, 9. July 10, took up line of march to the left of the army, as a support to the Twenty-third Corps, crossing the river. July 11, crossed the Chattahoochee River on pontoons at Edwards Ferry. July 12, remained in camp on south bank of the river. July 13, moved to the right about one mile and built breast-works and skirmished with the enemy. Casualties, 1 man taken prisoner. (See schedule, marked A.) July 14, 15, 16, remained in our works. July 17, advanced to the right, to cover the crossing of the Fourteenth Army Corps at Pace's right, to cover the crossing of the Fourteenth Army Corps at Place's Ferry; built breast-works. July 18, moved forward in pursuit of the enemy. July 19, moved up to Peach Tree Creek, found the enemy at the creak, advanced across the creek, and built breast-works under a hot fire from the enemy. Skirmished all the afternoon with the enemy. Casualties, 1 commissioned officer wounded, Lieutenant Street, since dead. (See schedule, marked A.) July 20, moved to the left, to relive the First Division, Fourth Army Corps. July 21, advanced about three miles and built breast-works. During the night of 22nd enemy abandoned his works; advanced and occupied them. July 23, advanced and found the enemy's works abandoned; advanced to within half a mile of the northern suburbs of Atlanta; encountered the enemy's skirmishers, built breast-works, and remained in them thirty-four days, or until the night of August 25, skirmishing every day with the enemy, and, during which time, drove the enemy from their front line of rifle-pits, and occupied

