
them with our own skirmishers. This carried our front line of rifle-pits to within 400 yards of the enemy's main line of works or forts. Our casualties from July 22 to August 25, inclusive, in front of Atlanta: Killed, 3; wounded, 21; missing, 1-supposed to be killed in one of the many advances on the enemy's works. (See schedule, marked A.) At 10 p. m. August 25 moved toward the extreme right of the army; marched all night. August 26, marched to the right and southwest, and camped near Utoy Creek. August 27, marched southward and west of Atlanta; built breast-works. 28th, marched eastward toward West Point railroad. 29th, remained in camp. August 30, marched eastward across West Point railroad toward Rough and Ready, on Macon railroad. August 31, reached Macon railroad and built breast-works. September 1, detailed pioneers, who, with the pioneers of the brigade, under charge of Major Kidder, of the Eighty-ninth, tore up destroyed two miles of the Macon railroad; marched same day, September 1, for Jonesborough, 22 miles south of Atlanta, to participate in the expected battle at that point; reached there at 6 p. m., and went immediately into position. The enemy, having been severely handled and driven from their intrenchments by the Fourteenth Army Corps, retreated during the night of September 1. September 2, followed in pursuit, passing through Jonesborough, and overtook the enemy intrenched on heights in and about Lovejoy's, a station on Macon railroad, five miles south of Jonesborough. Deployed the Eighty-ninth as skirmishers on left of the entire army; drove the enemy to his main works on the heights. September 3, built breast-works. September 4, remained in our works. September 5, remained in our works until 8 p. m., then marched to the rear in company with brigade, division, and corps; marched all night northward toward Atlanta. September 6, remained in camp near Jonesborough and picketed left flank of division. September 7, marched northward. September 8, passed through Atlanta with colors flying and drums beating; went into camp about three miles eastward of Atlanta, where the Eighty-ninth is encamped at the date of this report.

I take the opportunity as the commanding officer of the Eighty-ninth to express my grateful acknowledgments to the rank and file of his regiment for their uncomplaining endurance and devoted bravery during this long, laborious, and eventful campaign. They have proved themselves patriots and soldiers of the highest type. Such men go far toward redeeming the era in which we live from the charge of degeneracy.

If war is a frightful calamity it develops some of the noblest traits of manhood and humanity, and Sherman's Atlanta campaign will stand out conspicuously in the annals of our country's history for skill, bravery, endurance, obedience, and unexampled patriotism. Where merit among the rank and file is so general, just discrimination is impossible. Could the brave dead be resuscitated, their names should be pre-eminent. Nor should the wounded, languishing in distant hospitals, be forgotten. Let us hope our country will not forget them or begrudge to them the empty, but still highly prized, homage of a nation's gratitude.

Of the commissioned officers of the Eighty-ninth I can speak with pride and pleasure. Not one of them ever faltered in his duty. Ever foremost in the charge, the record of the Eighty-ninth's dead and wounded tells the story more eloquently than tongue or pen. To the already illustrious dead can be added Lieutenant William Harkness,

