
Company H, and Lieutenant N. Street, Company D. To the wounded, Captain L. F. Dimick, Company F; Captain S. C. Comstock, Company I, and Lieutenant O. C. Pease, Company E. Of the living and present I owe it to truth to say that whatever of credit may be due the Eighty-ninth for good conduct in front of the enemy or elsewhere, is mainly due to the judicious advice and sound example of Major B. H. Kidder; Captain J. M. Farquhar, Company B; Captain F. M. Hobbs, Company H; Captain W. A. Sampson, Company K; Captain Warren, Company E; Captain Dimick, Company F; Captain Howell, Company G; Captain Comstock,

Company I; Captain Robinson and Captain Rigney, Company C, and Lieutenants Walker, Arenschield, Copp, Greenfield, Beecher, Wood, Pease, Tait, Miller, Swickard, Phelps, and Hale, and last, but not least, Lieutenant and Adjt. J. M. Grosh and Sergt. Major B. O'Connor.

I cannot let the occasion pass without bearing testimony to the zeal and efficiency of Surg. H. B. Tuttle and Assist. Surg. P. R. Thombs, both of whom freely exposed their lives to assist the wounded and assuage the pains of the dying. Surgeon Tuttle succumbed to the arduous toil and incessant devotion opposite Atlanta and is still sick in hospital. Surgeon Thombs continued to the final end and has won a name (with the Eighty-ninth) for skill and humanity second to none in the Army of the Cumberland.

I respectfully refer to the accompanying schedule, marked A, for all the particulars in reference to the names, rank, &amp;c., of the killed, wounded, and missing.

All of which is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

WM. D. WILLIAMS,

Lieutenant Colonel 89th Illinois Infty. Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. McGRATH,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, Third Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 57.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James M. Graham, Eight Kansas Infantry, of operations June 28-September 8.
HDQRS. EIGHTH KANSAS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 18, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with circular orders dated headquarters First Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, September 9, 1864, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eight Regiment Kansas Veteran Volunteers in the date campaign against Atlanta:

The regiment returned from veteran furlough and joined the brigade at Kenesaw Mountain June 28, 1864, and was with the brigade during all the marches, skirmishing, and fighting from that time until the end of the campaign. The regiment did no special service during the campaign, but with the brigade did its regular turns of skirmishing, picketing, fatigue, and such other duties as were required of it. The regiment assisted the brigade in building nine lines of breast-works during the campaign, and was fifty-nine days under fire. Our loss during the campaign was 6 killed, 20 wounded, and 3 missing; total 29. The officers and men of the regiment all

