
behaved with conspicuous courage and gallantry during the campaign. The aggregate strength of the regiment on this campaign was about 275.

I have the honor to transmit herewith a list of the killed, wounded, and missing in the campaign.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES M. GRAHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth Kansas Volunteers, Commanding

Lieutenant WALLACE McGRATH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 58.

Report of Colonel Frank Askew, Fifteenth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Camp near Atlanta, Ga., September 12, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the campaign just terminated by the capture of Atlanta:

From the time we broke up camp near McDonald's Station, Tenn., on the 3rd day of May until the 9th day of June, the regiment was under the command of Colonel Wallace, with the exception of a short time late in the evening of the 27th of May, and part of the next day, when Colonel Wallace was disabled by a fall, I took command. During this time we had marched from McDonald's Station to near Acworth, Ga., participating with the brigade in the skirmishing at Rocky Face Ridge, in front of Dalton; in the battle of Resaca, and in the march to and battle of Pickett's Mills, near Dallas, Ga., on the 27th of May. Of the part we took in the skirmishing at Rocky Face Ridge, and in the battle of Resaca, I deem it unnecessary to mention further than that we relieved troops already in position, our losses being, at Rocky Face, 1 enlisted man killed and 2 wounded, and at Resaca, 3 enlisted men killed and 15 wounded. In the battle of Pickett's Mills, on the 27th of May, we occupied, as I understand it, the right of the second line of the brigade in rear of the Eighty-ninth Illinois. Upon moving to the position to attack, about 5 p. m., the right wing of the regiment emerged from the woods into an open field directly in front of the position of the enemy, who immediately opened on us from a battery to our front and right. I immediately threw out Company A, Lieutenant Hanson, as skirmishers to cover that part of our front and right flank, and sent word to Colonel Wallace, who was near the left of the regiment, that our right was thrown out into an open field, with none of our troops in front, and nothing connecting with our right to protect us from an attack in that direction, and that the enemy were strongly posted in a line of works on the farther edge of the open field, on rising ground, from us, and apparently enveloping our right flank. We soon received orders from Colonel Gibson, commanding the brigade, to refuse our regiment to protect the right flank. This disposition was partly made when the line was ordered forward. In the advance the regiment was thrown into some confusion, as we were moving

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

