
by the left flank at the time the order to advance came, and by some means or other, to me unknown, the line was broken near the center, and in moving forward the right wing, with the exception of Company A, moved in such a direction that it came to the attack to the left of the left wing of the regiment. Upon receiving the order, however, the men moved forward with spirit and determination, under a terrible fire from the artillery and small-arms of the enemy posted behind their works. The fire was so hot and well directed, and decimated our ranks so rapidly, that the advance was checked within a short distance of the enemy's works, where we were compelled to seek such shelter from the storm of shot as the nature of the ground afforded. It soon became evident that the attack had failed, and the recall was sounded by the brigade bugle about 6 p. m. As I could not find Colonel Wallace on the field (I learned afterward that he had been injured by a fall, and had gone or been taken off) I did not think it prudent to withdraw then, as it was still daylight, and an attempt to withdraw then would have exposed us to great risks; besides, we would have been compelled to leave nearly all our wounded in the hands of the enemy. I waited until dark, then sent out parties to gather up the wounded and carry them to the rear. After we had carried off all we could find we quietly withdrew and joined the brigade. Our loss in this battle was Captain Updegrove, Company H, severely wounded; Lieutenant Davis, Company C, wounded in foot; Lieutenant Leiter, Company I, lost right hand. Color Sergt. Ambrose Norton, Company D, was killed, and 5 of the color guard successively killed or wounded with the colors. They were finally brought off by Sergt. David D. Hart, of Company I, then one of the color guard. Our loss of enlisted men, including these, was 19 killed, 61 wounded, and 19 missing. The missing were mostly wounded, whom we were unable to find in the darkness. On the 28th and 29th of May we remained in about the same position that we took when withdrawn on the night of the 27th in the immediate vicinity of the battle-field. On the night of the 30th we moved forward a short distance, our position being on the left of the first line of the brigade connecting with the right of General Hazen's brigade, and fortified. The next morning the enemy made a demonstration on our front with what I supposed to have been a strong skirmish line. They advanced, cheering. Our skirmishers came in, in obedience to orders, and we gave the enemy a few volleys from our lines, which apparently satisfied him, as he immediately retired. We had 3 men wounded. We remained in this position without further incident of any importance until the 4th of June, when, in extending our lines, we were moved to the right a short distance, and occupied works across the ravine from our former position. We were in this position on the morning of the 5th of June, when it was discovered that the enemy had gone during the night. On the morning of the 6th we marched to, and went into camp near, Acworth, Ga. We remained here quietly in camp on the 7th, 8th, and 9th. On the latter day Colonel Wallace left the command, on a leave of absence, and turned it over to me. The 10th, 11th, 12th, and 13th we spent in camp, and in moving into position, confronted the position of the enemy at Kenesaw and Pine Mountains. On the 14th we were on the left of the first line of the brigade, our left connecting with the right of General Baird's division, of the Fourteenth Corps. We advanced during the day about half a mile from the position we occupied in the morning, and

