
in the afternoon were ordered to relieve the skirmishers of the Thirty-second Indiana, covering the front of the brigade, which I did with Company A, Lieutenant Hanson. Our skirmishers drove the skirmishers of the enemy into a line of rail barricades directly in front of their main line of works, with a loss to us of Lieutenant Hadden, Company A, killed, and 1 enlisted man killed and 5 wounded, of same, company. During the night we fortified our position, and in the morning discovered that the enemy had evacuated their works in our front and on Pine Mountain.

The 15th and 16th we rested with the brigade and division massed in rear of the corps, and on the morning of the 17th moved forward, passing through the line of works in rear of Pine Mountain, which the enemy had abandoned the night before, and relieved a part of General Stanley's division, our position being in the center of the first line of the brigade, a part of the Eighty-ninth Illinois covering our front as skirmishers. In this position we moved forward about half a mile, and were halted while the artillery was put in position along our front, and opened fire on the enemy. We fortified our position here during the night. On the 18th it rained incessantly all day. In the evening we relieved the skirmishers, consisting of the Fifteenth Wisconsin and Thirty-fifth Illinois, and had 6 men wounded, 2 of them by shells from our own batteries. Before daylight of the morning of the 19th we discovered that the enemy had evacuated their works directly in our front. Captain (now Major) Dawson, having gone out with three or four men, discovered that the works were unoccupied, and went into them and picked up 2 or 3 stragglers of the enemy, and sent them back under charge of Peter Cupp, a private of Company H. When Cupp was going back he discovered a company of men marching along in front of the enemy's works, and supposed them to be our men, but on a nearer approach discovered that they were of the enemy. There-upon a conversation ensued, in which Cupp with great coolness and address explained to the captain commanding the company the condition of things; that his (the captain's) friends had left, and that four companies of ours had just entered their works, and were between him and his friends (which to say the least was something of an exaggeration), and that the best thing he could do was to surrender. Cupp's prisoners and his close proximity to the works corroborating his story, the captain concluded that "discretion was the better part of valor," and surrendered himself, Captain S. Yates Levy, his lieutenant, and 17 men, Company D, First Georgia Regiment of Volunteers, prisoners of war, and Cupp placing himself at their head marched them into our lines. Company E, Lieutenant Du Bois, also picked up 35 prisoners, and Sergeant Scott, of Company G, and other men of the regiment, a number more, making in all about 80 prisoners that we got that morning. During the day we moved forward about a mile and bivouacked for the night, with the whole brigade massed in reserve just outside the abandoned rebel works. On the 20th we moved forward and to the right about one and a half miles, relieving a part of the Twentieth Corps, and completed works which they had just begun; had 2 or 3 men wounded during the day by the sharpshooters of the enemy. About noon on the 21st of June I was ordered by Colonel Nodine, of the Twenty-fifth Illinois, then temporarily commanding the brigade, to take four companies of my regiment, deploying two as skirmishers

