
moved forward toward Atlanta, and about noon went into position near the city, on the left of the first line of the brigade, and completed a line of works which some regiments of General Newton's division had begun. These works we occupied during the whole time of the siege of Atlanta, from the 22nd day of July until the night of the 25th of August. While in this position, on the afternoon of the 28th of July, we were ordered to advance our skirmish line, and, if possible, take the enemy's rifle-pits in our front. The line was strengthened so that it was composed of Company C, Captain Byrd; Company H, Lieutenant Dorneck; Company E, Lieutenant Du Bois; Company K, Captain Carroll, and Company G, Lieutenant Doolittle. At the signal the whole line dashed forward without firing a gun, and captured in the pits 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and 21 men, with a loss to us of but 1 man killed and 1 wounded. With the prompt assistance of the pioneers, under Lieutenant J. A. Gleason, the pits were immediately converted to our use and occupied by our skirmish line, giving them a position commanding the main line of the enemy's works and the ground in the rear, and from which they were able to annoy the enemy very much during the remainder of the siege. I deem it unnecessary to describe at length the part we took in the late operations, beginning with our withdrawal on the night of the 25th of August from our position in front of Atlanta and ending with our return to Atlanta and encampment at this place in the 8th of September, as we were engaged in no important battles or skirmisher, either with or detached from the brigade, and the marches were made under the eye of the present brigade commander. Lieutenant-Colonel McClenahan, and Adjt. Alexis Cope, have been present with the command during the whole campaign, and while I have been in command of the regiment have given me their valuable aid and assistance, and have sustained their reputation as good officers and brave men. Dr. William M. Clark, assistant surgeon, has also been present with the command during the campaign, and deserves great credit for his untiring devotion to his duties and care for the sick and wounded.

In conclusion, it affords me great gratification to bear testimony to the universal good conduct of the officers and men of this command; to the cheerfulness with which they endured the hardships and fatigue of this most extraordinary campaign, and to the alacrity with which they obeyed orders, no matter with what risks their execution was attended.

Our losses during the whole campaign, which will be found in detail in the accompanying list of casualties, are as follows:

Commissioned officers-killed, 1; wounded, 6; total, 7. Enlisted men-killed, 43; wounded, 171; missing, 19; total, 233. Total-killed, 44; wounded, 177; missing, 19. Aggregate, 240.

To counterbalance this we have the satisfaction of knowing that we have taken of the enemy at least 160 prisoners and stragglers, including 5 commissioned officers, and put hors de combat in other ways quite a number.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK ASKEW,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. McGRATH,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, Third Div., Fourth Corps.

