
and the position and operations of the regiment the same as on the 14th. In the afternoon of this day Brigadier-General Willich was severely wounded; the command of brigade devolving on Colonel

Gibson, he turned the command of the regiment over to me. Casualties this day, 2 enlisted men.

On the morning of the 16th it was found the enemy had evacuated. On the 16th, 17th, 18th, and 19th we were engaged in marching with pursuing column; nothing transpired worthy of mention, and having no casualties. On the evening of the 19th, the enemy being found in line of battle at Cassville, about twenty-six miles south of Resaca, the army formed line of battle and advanced upon them. Our position was on the left of the brigade in the first line, the brigade being in reserve to the Second and Third Brigades of the division, did not become closely engaged. During the night the enemy again left our front. Casualties this day, 1 enlisted man wounded. Our position remained unchanged at Cassville until the 23d, when we took up our line of march with the brigade. Marched ten miles south, crossing Etowah River, and encamped on Euharlee Creek at Milner's Mills. On 24th resumed marching; halted for the night after traveling twelve miles. On 25th continued our march, crossing Pumpkin Vine Creek, moving to the support of the Twentieth Corps, which was severely engaged with the enemy near Dallas. On the morning of the 26th the brigade went into position on the left of the troops of the Twentieth Corps, already in line. The day was consumed in maneuvering for positions and fortifying them; we were not at any time during the day brought into close action. On the 27th, when the division marched to the extreme left of the general line of battle, the position of this regiment in the brigade was on the left of the second line, joined on my right by the Thirty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, with the Thirty-second Volunteers in my front. In this formation we marched through almost impenetrable woods and over swampy ground a distance of several miles, arriving at a position near Pickett's Mills about 3 p. m. Here our lines were now formed, facing those of the enemy. About 4 p. m. our brigade, following the Second Brigade, advanced to the attack. The woods and undergrowth were so dense that nothing could be seen at distance of 150 yards. I was ordered to maintain that distance from the first line. At the signal I advanced, preceding my command, to observe the movements of the first line. We were soon brought under a desolating fire of musketry and artillery at close range. In a few movements I lost sight of the first line, it having drifted to the left. I could see no organized force in my front, but the woods full of men seeking shelter from the terrible storm of shot and shell. At this juncture I met the adjutant-general of General Hazen's brigade, who, in answer to my inquiries, told me the enemy had a strong position on a hill across a ravine a few yards in advance, and said it could only by taken by storm. The regiment, over 400 effective men, soon arrived at the ravine named, and which I found was enfiladed by artillery and musketry. I could now see the position of the enemy on the other side and a line of our troops lying below the crest of the hill. I then gave the order to charge, and the line advanced on double-quick, maintaining a perfect line; passing over the line on the side hill, advanced to within ten paces of the works of the enemy, and at one or two points got within bayonet reach of the rebels behind [sic] hors de combat, and it was found impossible for us to take a position before

