
the Fifteenth Ohio, the enemy from it. We at once constructed temporary works of rails and logs, keeping up the fire until they were of sufficient strength to enable us to hold them against any force the enemy might bring against us. Our loss in this affair was 1 officer killed and 13 enlisted men wounded. This movement being made under the eve of the generals commanding division and corps, they were pleased to tender us their thanks. From the 21st to the 27th nothing of special interest occurred. The lines in front of the brigade having been made secure by formidable earth-works, with abatis in front, we remained in them, a continual firing being kept up from both sides, causing frequent casualties. On the 27th the lines of the brigade were reduced to a single line, the brigade extending to the right, covering the space of the whole division for the purpose of aiding the assaults made on other portions of the line. After the failure of the assaults made that day the troops reoccupied their former positions, and the situation remained unchanged until the night of July 2. A charge being ordered in the lines, we were relieved in our position by other troops, and marched with the brigade to the left and occupied the works made by the Fifteenth Army Corps. While this change was going on the enemy was engaged in evacuating their works, and the morning of the 3rd revealed their absence from our entire front. Our casualties in front of Kenesaw Mountain from the 21st of June to July 3, 4 enlisted men and 1 officer wounded.

In the movements of the division and brigade from Kenesaw Mountain to the Chattahoochee River we bore our part of the picketing and skirmishing of the brigade without casualties or incident deserving mention. After a refreshing rest of four days at Vining's Station we broke camp on the 10th day of July and marched up the Chattahoochee River to a point about eight miles above the station and crossed to the east side, taking up position about one mile from the crossing at the river and fortified it. The command was engaged on one or two important movements from the time we crossed the river until we broke up camp on the 18th and marched for Atlanta. The movements of the regiment from the 18th to the 22d, from which time the siege of the city dates, I may not record in detail, as it would only be a repetition of much that has been given before. During the night of the 21st the enemy again left our front. We moved forward with the brigade at an early hour of the 22d. When within two miles of Atlanta my regiment was deployed as skirmishers and moved forward, driving the enemy into their main works around Atlanta. After skirmishing about two hours we were relieved by General Newton's troops and moved half mile to the left and fortified the position held by us during the entire siege. On the 28th I received orders to advance my pickets in front of the regiment. Accordingly, I gave the order, and the men dashed forward and captured the entire line of rifle-pits of the enemy, forking out with their bayonets many prisoners. This affair gave us much relief on our main line by removing the enemy's line of pickets from an eminence to lower ground. On the 3rd day of August we were ordered to make a demonstration in our front and ascertain the strength of the enemy, and, if found practicable, carry his works. I pushed out my skirmishers about 100 yards Finding the enemy numerous and strongly posted and strongly posted and well protected by artillery I drew back the line to the original position.

