
In this affair we lost 3 men killed. From this date until the army withdrew from the position around the city, on the evening of the 25th, the situation remained unchanged, nothing occurring worthy of mention in this report. The brigade and division commanders know the character of the operations.

Our casualties in the siege, from July 22 to August 25, were as follows; 2 commissioned officers wounded, 6 enlisted men killed, 15 enlisted men wounded. The regiment marched with the brigade and division on the night of the 25th of August from Atlanta, and returned with them to the city on the 8th day of September, with a loss of 4 men wounded in the works before Lovejoy's Station. Leaving McDonald's Station with an aggregate strength of 592, I went into camp at the close of the campaign with 225, having lost in killed and wounded alone 295.

To the officers and men of the command, who so promptly executed all orders given them, whether on the march, or while confronting the enemy, all praise is given. In the hour of battle they evinced the highest qualities of the patriot soldier.

To Major L. M. Strong and Adjt. D. R. Cook my thanks are especially due for their gallantry and very valuable assistance rendered me throughout the campaign. Major Strong was severely wounded in the battle of the 27th of May, but declined to leave the field and remained on duty and witnessed the crowning success of the campaign.

I feel entirely incompetent to pronounce eulogy upon the heroic dead. The memory of Lieutenants Simous, Ramsey, Gibbs, Wallace, and the many brave men who with them have so nobly died, should ever be cherished in the hearts of our people and inspire there, as in the minds of their remaining comrades, the determination to defend and forever establish the great cause in defense of which their blood was shed-the hope of humanity, our free institutions-a fitting monument to the glorious sacrifice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. F. GRAY,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Forty-ninth Ohio Vet. Vols.

Lieutenant W. McGRATH,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, Third Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 60.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ole C. Johnson, Fifteenth Wisconsin Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 15, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Fifteenth Wisconsin Volunteers in the late campaign, commencing at McDonald's Station, Tenn., the 3rd day of May last, and ending with the occupation of Atlanta:

At 12 m. on the 3rd of May the regiment, under command of Major Wilson, moved with the brigade on the road leading through Catoosa Springs to Tunnel Hill, which point we reached on the 7th

