
formed on the right of General Hazen's brigade and threw up breast-works on the crest of a ridge. Our regiment was deployed as skirmishers about 200 yards in front, in which position we remained during the night. On the morning of the 18th, the enemy having retreated, we moved in a southerly direction, passing through Adairsville and Kingston on the 19th to within one mile of Cassville, where the enemy was met in force. The Fifteenth was formed in the third line as support where the line might be pressed, but did not become engaged. On the morning of the 20th we found that the enemy had evacuated his position. On the 23rd at 12 m. the regiment, together with the brigade, moved to the right, taking twenty days' rations in the supply train, to flank the left of the enemy's line at Allatoona Pass. We crossed the Etowah River on a wagon bridge about six miles southwest of Cassville, thence marching in a southerly direction through broken country, crossing Pumpkin Pine Creek. About 4 p. m. the 25th we heard heavy firing in front, which we found was caused by the enemy having hastily left his position in the Allatoona Mountain and hurriedly thrown himself onto the advance of General Hooker's (Twentieth) corps, which was the leading column on this road. Our corps was immediately hurried forward to its support. After crossing Pumpkin Vine Creek the road was somewhat blockaded by troops of the Twentieth Corps, and a rain setting in at night-fall, we bivouacked for the night about 9 p. m. on the left of the road. At 4 a. m. the 26th the brigade was put in position on the left of General Newton's division, fronting east. The Fifteenth, on the Thirty-fifth Illinois, in the second line, moved forward with the brigade to within 250 yards of the enemy's works. The Thirty-second Indiana was deployed as skirmishers and drove the enemy handsomely, and in this position thus secured we intrenched ourselves on a ridge, where three batteries were immediately planted. Our regiment relieved the Thirty-second Indiana on the skirmish line at 6 p. m., where it remained during the night.

At 9 a. m. the morning of the 27th the brigade was relieved by a portion of General Standey's division and moved about one mile to the left, passing by Pickett's Mills, where the brigade was formed in rear of and supporting General Hazen's brigade in two lines of battle, the Fifteenth forming in the center of the first line, connecting on the right with the Eighty-ninth Illinois and on the left with the Thirty-second Indiana. Our division, having been selected to develop the enemy on the left, moved by the left flank about three miles, passing in the rear of the Twenty-third Corps, which was on the left of our previous position. About 2 p. m. we arrived at a point which we supposed to be the right flank of the enemy's lines. About 4 p. m. General Hazen's brigade being repulsed, the front line of this brigade was ordered forward, closely followed by the Second. Our regiment in crossing a ravine was enfiladed by one of the enemy's batteries. Charging with a yell over the Second Brigade, the regiment went so near to the enemy's breast-works that some of our men were killed within ten feet of them. Finding it impossible to dislodge the enemy, the regiment lay down about fifteen yards from their works, keeping up an effective musketry fire, Companies A and F firing right oblique at a battery that was in position about sixty yards to the right, so as to enfilade our line of battle. The firing from the enemy's musketry and artillery was very heavy, but

