
we held our position until about 9 p. m., when we were ordered to fall back. In attempting to carry off our wounded the enemy charged on us and captured many of our men, including most of the wounded. About 11 p. m. the regiment was put in position some 300 yards to the right, on a ridge, and 200 yards from the enemy's works, where we fortified strongly. In this position we remained, constantly skirmishing with the enemy until he evacuated his position on the night of June 5. The regiment the next morning at 8 o'clock moved to New Hope Church, where it was put into position fronting south, the left connecting with the Twenty-fifth Illinois, on the first line. Our casualties at this battle were as follows, viz: Commissioned officers-wounded, 1; missing, 2. Enlisted men-killed 14; wounded, 40; missing, 26. At 9 a. m. June 6 we moved in a southerly direction to within one mile of Pine Mountain, where we bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 7th we moved about 600 yards to the front and left and were put into position 300 yards from the enemy's works on Pine Knob, our right connecting with General Harker's brigade and the left with the Fourteenth Corps, fronting nearly south. On the morning of the 14th our line advanced about 200 yards to the left and front, where we formed on a ridge, our right connecting with the Thirty-fifth Illinois and our left with the Forty-ninth Ohio. In this position we intrenched ourselves within 200 yards of the enemy's works on the eastern slope of Pine Mountain. On the morning of the 15th the enemy had disappeared from our front.

We advance at 9 a. m. to the abandoned works and formed in bauble column on the left of the second line, stacked arms, and rested until Generals Stanley's and Newton's divisions formed and about one mile, when the enemy was found in a second line of works. Our division being in reserve, moved inside of the abandoned works and bivouacked for the night. At 7 a. m. the 17th we marched through the second line of works, the enemy having retreated during the night, and relieved General 's division, which was skirmishing with him. This brigade being formed in two lines, connecting on the right with Colonel Knefler's brigade, and on the left with the Fourteenth Corps, advanced with the Eighty-ninth Illinois deployed as skirmishers, driving the enemy from their rifle-pits into their main line of works, a distance of one mile. From this position five batteries shelled the enemy in the direction of Kenesaw Mountain. On the 18th at 6 a. m. our regiment was put into position about 300 yards from the enemy's works, and hastily constructed barricades. At 8 a. m. we relieved the Twenty-fifth Illinois on the skirmish line, which was so near the enemy that we fired into his main line of works, and received in return a heavy fire from his whole line of battle. Being relieved at 2 p. m. by the Fifteenth Ohio, we fell back to the main line of works, where we remained until the enemy evacuated his third line in front of Kenesaw Mountain on the night of the 19th. Passing through the third line of the enemy's works at 10 a. m. the 20th, this division relieved a division of the Twentieth Corps, about one and a half miles to the right of Kenesaw Mountain and 500 yards from the enemy's fourth line of works. About 150 yards in the immediate front of this brigade lay Bald Knob, where the enemy was strongly posted behind rifle-pits. On the 21st the brigade was ordered to charge and dislodge the enemy from his position

