
on a by-road passing through the first line of works in front of Atlanta, leading to the main Atlanta road. About one mile from the first line the enemy was again found in force. We were put into position within 200 yards of his line, where we put up works, two companies being deployed as skirmishers. On the morning of the 22nd we found that the enemy had again evacuated his position, and we moved into the abandoned works and expected to enter the city without further opposition. But the enemy was found strongly posted behind heavy forts and breast-works around Atlanta, and our regiment being put into position within musket-range of the city, fortified and kept up a heavy fire from the skirmish line.

Up to this time the regiment was under command of Major Wilson, but he is now absent sick, and consequently unable to make his report, and I am indebted for the foregoing to Adjt. L. G. Nelson, of this regiment. I returned and took command on the 24th day of July, and from that time no movement was made till the evening of August 25, when, in accordance with previous orders, we moved out quietly with the rest of the brigade, and marched about four miles. The regiment marched with the brigade around and to the rear of Atlanta to Jonesborough, thence to Lovejoy's Station, where we lost 1 man wounded, and back to Atlanta, and went into camp four miles and a half southeast of the city, September 9.

Casualties* not before reported: Commissioned officers, wounded, 1. Enlisted men, killed, 1; wounded, 7.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

O. C. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant W. McGRATH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 61.

Report of Brigadier General William B. Hazen, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations May 3-August 17.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,East Point, Ga., September 15, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Corps, during the part of the late campaign it was commanded by myself:

The brigade was stationed May 3 at McDonald's Station, on the Chattanooga and East Tennessee Railroad, thirty miles east from Chattanooga. At 12 m. of that day the brigade, composed of eight regiments, with an effective strength of 131 officers and 2,312 men, broke camp and marched, with one wagon to the regiment, in the direction of Catoosa Springs, reaching that point on the 4th, where we remained until the 7th, when we moved forward and occupied Tunnel Hill at meridian of the same day, taking position and remaining

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) covering the entire campaign shows 21 men killed, 2 officers and 67 men wounded, and 2 officers and 32 men captured or missing; total, 124.

---------------

