
deployed that portion of the Seventy-first Regiment Ohio Veteran Infantry which was not on the skirmish line, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hart, and the Fifty-ninth Regiment Illinois Veteran Infantry, commanded by Captain West, in the front line; the One hundred and twenty-fourth Regiment Ohio Infantry, commanded by Colonel Payne; the Forty-first Regiment Ohio Veteran Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Kimberly, and the Ninety-third Regiment Ohio Infantry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Bowman, in a second line. In this order the brigade advanced, driving the enemy's skirmishers into the main work, occupying and permanently holding a portion of their rifle-pits and temporary defenses. At this time I was informed that Brigadier-General Wood, commanding the division, had been severely wounded and carried from the field, and I immediately assumed command of the division, and notified Colonel Knefler and Colonel Hotchkiss, commanding, respectively, the Third and First Brigades, of that fact. In order to fill up the interval which existed between the Second and Third Brigades, I directed the Second Brigade to move to the left, and to deploy the Ninety-third Ohio Infantry in the front line, and I ordered Colonel Hotchkiss, commanding the First Brigade, also to move to the left, General Wagner's brigade, which had been massed in rear of the Second Division, deploying and filling up the interval.

Notwithstanding the Third Division was so much extended, all the regiments, with one exception, of the Second Brigade now being deployed on the first line, there still remained an interval of 300 yards between the Second and Third brigades. The enemy were strongly posted, with an abatis in front of their works, though but about 200 yards distant from our lines. By the time these dispositions were made it had begun to grow dark, and I received instructions from Major-General Stanley, commanding the corps, and from General Wood (who, upon recovering from the first shock of his wound, had insisted upon returning to the field), to hold the position during the night which we had gained. Accordingly, during the night the front of the division was intrenched, and in that position we remained until the evening of the 5th of September, when, in obedience to orders, we marched to Jonesborough, and thence to the camp now occupied between Atlanta and Decatur, where we arrived on the 8th day of September.

During this important movement, by which, in the occupation of Atlanta, we gathered the fruits of the four months' labor of our army, the conduct of the officers and men of this command was such as deserve success. Cheerful on the fatiguing march, whether during the excessive hot day or the dark and rainy night, they displayed exact discipline and rare energy, and they confronted the enemy as men who knew and were determined to do their duty. From all the regimental commanders I received the most hearty and cordial co-operation, and their intelligent, obedience to orders deserves the highest commendation. The conspicuous gallantry in the affair of the 2nd of September, shown by Colonel McConnell, of the Seventy-first Regiment Ohio Veteran Infantry, and the men under his command, who were deployed as skirmishers in front of the brigade, deserves mention. Deprived through no fault of theirs of sharing with the other regiments of this brigade the toil and glory of the ever-to-be-famous advance from Chattanooga Atlanta, they were fortunate in having

