
so early an opportunity to signally vindicate their right to share the honors of victory. My thanks are due to Major Dawson, of the staff of the general commanding the division, particularly, for his assistance on the nights of the 25th of August and the 5th of September, as well as to the several members of my own staff for the efficient aid at all times given me.

The loss sustained by the brigade was 28 men wounded and 3 missing, as follows:

Regiment. 	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

124th Ohio Volunteer Infantry,	 1	 3	 4

Colonel O. H. Payne.

71st Ohio Veteran Infantry,	 15 	 ... 	 15

Colonel H. K. McConnell.

41st Ohio Veteran Infantry,	 2	 ... 	 2

Lieutenant Colonel R. L.

Kimberly.

93rd Ohio Volunteer Infantry,	 4	 ...	 4

Lieutenant Colonel Daniel

Bowman.

59th Illinois Veteran Infantry,	 6	 ...	 6

Captain Samuel West.

Total.	 28	 3 	 31

I have, the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. SIDNEY POST,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain M. P. BESTOW,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Div., Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 63.

Report of Colonel P. Sidney Post, Fifty-ninth Illinois Infantry, of operations May 3-July 27.

ATLANTA, GA., September 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Fifty-ninth Regiment Illinois Infantry while under my command in the campaign which has closed by our triumphant entry into Atlanta:

On the 3rd day of May we left our camp at Blue Springs, Tenn., and on the 7th developed the enemy at Tunnel Hill, which they soon abandoned. From the 8th to the 12th of May the regiment was posted in front of Rocky Face Ridge, skirmishing with the enemy and constructing rifle-pits, and joined in the pursuit on the morning of the 13th, marching though Dalton. On the 14th we went into position before the enemy's works at Resaca, under a withering fire of both artillery and musketry, and remained within a few hundred yards of the enemy's works until the morning of the 16th, when we took possession of them. Again joining in pursuit of the retreating foe we crossed the Oostenaula River and came up with him in the evening at Adairsville. During the night he disappeared and we followed and found him at Kingston on the 19th. The Fifty-ninth Regiment, the advance of the corps, skirmished with the enemy in strong force on the road from Kingston to Cassville until night. During the night he again retreated. On the 23rd we marched from Cassville, crossed the Etowah River, and on the 25th we again confronted the enemy near Dallas. Until the night of the 5th of June we were building works and skirmishing constantly in the presence of the enemy, when he again abandoned his position. On the 6th

