
ultimo resumed the march, the regiment skirmishing until about 2 p. m., when, relieved by the Forty-first Ohio Volunteers, marched to within a mile of the Macon railroad, the Fifty-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteers being placed on picket duty that night. On the morning of the 1st instant moved out on the Griffin road, the division acting as guard to the wagon train, crossed the Macon railroad, and bivouacked after dark about two miles north of Jonesborough. On the morning of the 2nd instant moved through Jonesborough; about five miles south of there at 3 p. m., formed in double column at half distance in rear of the First Brigade of our division, which was in line of battle, with orders to deploy on its left as the enemy was developed. The lines moved forward about 600 yards, when, by direction of the brigade commander, the regiment executed a deployment in conjunction with the Seventy-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers on my right, in prolongation of the line of battle of the First Brigade. No other material movement was executed until after dark, when the regiment moved forward some fifty paces, and threw up a line of breast-works during the night, protecting its front. In this position we remained somewhat exposed to a rather severe fire from the enemy's pickets until the night of the 5th instant, when, at 8 o'clock, we commenced, by order of our brigade commander, a retrograde movement. We marched all night, and bivouacked as day was breaking on the ground which we had occupied on the night of the 1st instant. This night's march was peculiarly difficult, owing to the darkness and muddy condition of the roads. On the 6th we remained in bivouac. The 7th and 8th instant were occupied in the march to Atlanta. On the afternoon of the 8th instant we made our camp in the position which we now occupy, three miles east of Atlanta.

During the time that I was honored with the command of the regiment, I received hearty co-operation from all its officers; the conduct of the men was all that could be desired. To Adjutant Frank Clark I am much indebted for the prompt and efficient manner in which he executed the duties of his office, and otherwise aided me in the command.

I append a list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL WEST,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 65.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert L. Kimberly, Forty-first Ohio Infantry, commanding regiment and demi-brigade.
HDQRS. FORTY-FIRST Regiment OHIO VETERAN INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Forty-first Regiment Ohio Veteran Infantry during

---------------

* Nominal list (omitted) shows 6 men wounded.

---------------

28 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I.

