
the campaign just closed. I have also to include the services of the First Ohio Volunteer Infantry from the 6th of May to the 21st of July, during which time that regiment was consolidated with my own under my command:

At 12 m. May 3 the battalion broke camp at McDonald's Station, Tenn., and marched for Catoosa Springs, reaching that place on the 4th. On the morning of the 9th, the command having moved upon the enemy's position at Buzzard Roost, a picket detail of four companies of the Forty-first Regiment became engaged with the enemy's skirmishers, but without casualty. At 3 p. m. of the same day the battalion in moving across an open field in close column, lost 1 officer and 9 men by the enemy's fire from the summit of Rocky Face Ridge. On the 10th and 11th the battalion lay under the enemy's fire, but lost only 2 men. At noon of May 13, the enemy having abandoned his position at Buzzard Roost, the command moved toward Resaca, and at 11 a. m. of the 14th advanced upon the enemy's position covering that place. This battalion formed the right of the first line of the brigade, and after moving a mile came upon the enemy's works. The battalion was ordered to protect the right of the left battalion, which had gained an advanced position, and by a charge secured a crest within 100 yards of a salient in the enemy's line. By using a fence upon the crest as a barricade, the battalion was enabled to maintain this position, and prevented entirely the use of the enemy's artillery on that front. This position was strengthened at night and held by the battalion until the withdrawal of the enemy. Shortly after gaining the crest, a gallant effort was made by Major Stafford, First Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with about 100 men to carry the enemy's works at the salient point, but it was not successful. On the 15th orders were received for a general assault of the enemy's works, and at 1 p. m., in obedience to signal, the battalion moved to the attack. The direction of our line on each flank was such that its fire swept the ground over which this battalion was to move, and as the troops on the right and left did not advance, but opened a furious fire from their works, the assault was an utter failure, the battalion being driven back by the musketry of our own troops. During the night following the enemy abandoned the position, and at 5 a. m. of the 16th the Forty-first Regiment made a reconnaissance, going as far as the Oostenaula River, securing a few prisoners, but finding no enemy in force. During the operations at this [place] the battalion sustained a loss of 2 officers and nearly 50 men. On the 17th the army being in pursuit of the enemy, the battalion was detached at Calhoun to follow the railroad to Adairsville, the main columns moving on parallel roads on each flank. The enemy was met after moving two miles, and, although taking advantage of the ground at every favorable point, were driven steadily backward along the road to within a mile of Adairsville, where he suddenly showed heavy lines of infantry, within 500 yards of our skirmishers, advancing toward us. His advance proved to be only a movement into position, but no farther progress was attempted. Both regiments of the battalion were engaged as skirmishers during the day, and service, from the persistency of the enemy's resistance, and the distance marched, was excessively fatiguing. The casualties were limited to half a dozen wounded. On the 19th, the enemy having been found in front of Cassville, the skirmish line of the battalion became sharply engaged, but without loss. On the 26th, the

