
and, except to repulse a feeble effort of the enemy to feel the line with their skirmishers, was not again engaged. On the morning of June 5, being ordered to ascertain if the enemy had left his position, I moved the Forty-first Regiment as skirmishers upon his works and found them occupied. On the 6th the command moved to the vicinity of Acworth, and on the 10th advanced upon the enemy's position in front of Kenesaw Mountain. On the 17th the First Regiment was severely engaged as skirmishers, and three companies of the Forty-first Regiment charged the enemy's skirmishers, strongly posted in the outbuildings of a farm-house and carried the position.

On the 20th, the enemy having fallen back to his last in front of Marietta, the skirmishers of the Forty-first Regiment were advanced, driving the enemy's skirmishers back upon their works. The battalion was moved up in support of the skirmishers, and the main line established 500 yards from the enemy's works. Except constant picket-firing the battalion was not afterwards engaged until after the enemy evacuated the position at Kenesaw Mountain and fell back to the Chattahoochee River. In the advance to the Chattahoochee the battalion was detached to make a detour to the left, strike a pontoon bridge, and endeavor to come upon some of the enemy's trains. The battalion left the column two miles from Vining's Station, and moving to the left, drove a small force of cavalry before it, and struck the river one and a half miles above Vining's. Moving down the river the battalion succeeded in reaching the enemy's pontoon bridge at the instant it had been cut loose from the north bank of the river. The enemy was in force upon the opposite bank, but the battalion deployed as skirmishers along the river maintained its position with some loss, and prevented the enemy from taking up his pontoon. The casualties were few in number, but among them was Major Williston, Forty-first Regiment, whose faithful services the regiment could ill afford to lose. On the 17th, having crossed the Chattahoochee above Vining's Station, the division moved down the river to drive the enemy from the bank opposite Vining's, the First Regiment encountering their skirmishers during the movement, and on arrival at the point of destination, the Forty-first Regiment was advanced on the road toward Peach Tree Creek, dislodging a small cavalry force. On the morning of the 20th the skirmishers of the battalion were engaged at Peach Tree Creek, with several casualties, and again on the 21st and 22d, when the final position before Atlanta was taken up. On the 26th the First Regiment was ordered to Chattanooga. July 28, the Forty-first Regiment, with the Sixth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers as support, was ordered to take the enemy's rifle-pits in front of the brigade. Three companies were deployed as skirmishers, and charged the enemy's line of skirmishers, driving them easily from their pits and capturing several prisoners, with a loss of but 2 men. From July 28 to August 25 the command remained in position before Atlanta, frequently under fire, but sustaining trifling loss. On the 25th of August the regiment moved with the army to the south of Atlanta, but was not engaged with the enemy, except as skirmishers on the 3rd of September in the position seven miles below Jonesborough. The regiment reached its present camp on the 8th instant.

I respectfully call your attention to the accompanying tabular statement of casualties, and commend to the gratitude of their commanders and their country the surviving officers and men who have

