
advanced under a brisk fire and drove the enemy back, thus securing an excellent position for the works of the Ninety-third Ohio Volunteers.

As far as I was able to observe, the conduct of men and officers was good.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. McCONNELL,

Colonel Seventy-first Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry.

Captain CROWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 67.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel Bowman, Ninety-third Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-THIRD Regiment OHIO VOL. INFTY.,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting to you the following report of the operations of the Ninety-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry in this campaign:

Left encampment at McDonald's Station, Tenn., May 3, 1864; regiment detailed as train guard, rejoining the brigade at Catoosa Springs on the night of the 4th. At Tunnel Hill, on the 8th, two companies had a slight skirmish with the enemy, but suffered no loss. On the 9th, in line of battle at foot of Rocky Face Ridge, 4 enlisted men were wounded. On the 14th and 16th was engaged in battle near Resaca, Ga., suffering a loss of 4 enlisted men killed and 16 wounded. Also engaged May 27, near Dallas, Ga., with a loss of 11 enlisted men killed, 32 wounded, and 6 missing. June 1, while on picket near Dallas, Ga., lost 1 enlisted man killed and 1 wounded. June 17, our loss was 1 enlisted man killed and 5 wounded. June 23, near Kenesaw Mountain, had a severe skirmish, losing 1 captain and 2 enlisted men killed and 37 enlisted men wounded. July 3, moved through Marietta, Ga. July 4, skirmished with the enemy, losing 3 enlisted men wounded. July 5, four companies were detailed to assist in holding the rebel pontoon bridge at Pace's Ferry. July 19, moved across Peach Tree Creek with the loss of 1 enlisted man wounded. July 22, moved into position in line of trenches near Atlanta, which we now occupy, and in which we have lost 1 enlisted man wounded by stray ball.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. BOWMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninety-third Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 4th Army Corps.
HDQRS. NINETY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting the following report of operations of the Ninety-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry in this campaign, under the command of Colonel P. Sidney Post:

The regiment, being detailed on picket when the brigade moved, was left on the picket-line with orders to move at 11 p. m. August

