
26, 1864. Rejoining the brigade at 5 a. m. on the 27th of August, moved with the brigade at 8 a. m., around to Red Oak, on the 28th. The regiment assisted in destroying the Montgomery railroad on the 29th; returned to camp on the same day. Broke camp at 6 a. m. on the 30th and marched to a point near the Decatur road; found the enemy in line on the morning of the 31st. The regiment was placed in line of battle and commenced constructing rifle-pits. The enemy evacuating about 11 a. m., an advance was ordered; struck the Macon railroad about 5 p. m.; during the night constructed rifle-pits. The regiment pioneers were detailed to destroy the Macon railroad. On the 1st of September marched in rear of wagon train, arriving at camp about 7 p. m., near Jonesborough, Ga. On the morning of the 2nd of September moved through Jonesborough and about four and a half miles south of that place. In the afternoon the regiment was deployed and placed in the second line; an advance was made near sundown, but the Ninety-third did not become engaged. The regiment was moved to the right of the front line and ordered to build breastworks; continued in the pits until the evening of the 5th of September; during that time had 4 men wounded. At 8 p. m. September 5 the forces commenced moving back toward Atlanta. On the 6th the regiment was detailed as advance guard for the corps supply train; arrived at Atlanta on the 8th of September. Rejoined brigade at 12 m. on the 9th, and went into camp.

Very respectfully,

DANIEL BOWMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Ninety-third Regiment.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 68.

Report of Colonel Oliver H. Payne, One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Infantry, including operations of Ninety-third Ohio Infantry, May 6-August 19.
HDQRS. 124TH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-fourth Regiment Ohio Foot Volunteers in the campaign just closed, and would also include the Ninety-third Ohio Foot Volunteers, from May 6 to August 19, it being placed during that time under my command by the general commanding the brigade:

The battalion on the 3rd of May, after a short rest of but two weeks from a hard and continuous campaign in East Tennessee, broke camp at McDonald's Station and marched to Catoosa Springs, reaching the Springs on the 4th. On the 9th, the command having moved up and confronted the enemy's position at Buzzard Roost, this battalion forming the front of the right line, with the Twenty-third Kentucky deployed as skirmishers in front, was ordered to make a demonstration on Rocky Face Ridge, where the enemy were posted in force. Obeying the sound of the bugle, the battalion advanced up the sides of the mountain, passing over the skirmish line, which had been checked by the fire of the enemy, until it reached a perpendicular ledge of rocks about forty feet from the summit of the ridge;

