
loss in officers to the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio was irreparable. Major Hampson, temporarily serving on the staff of the general commanding the division, an officer, who by his kind disposition, dash, and efficiency, as well as possessing all those finer qualities which distinguish one officer above another, had become greatly beloved and endeared to the regiment, was mortally wounded early in the morning while superintending the construction of epaulements to a battery. Lieutenant-Colonel Pickands, commanding the regiment, was severely wounded and his distinguished services taken away from the regiment for the rest of the campaign. Captain Irwin and Lieutenant Waldo, model soldiers, whose bravery had been conspicuous on every battle-field the regiment had been engaged in, were mortally wounded: Lieutenant Stedman, a stranger to fear, killed; Lieutenant McGinnis, a very gallant officer, severely wounded, and Captain Wilson, slightly wounded.

On the night of June 5, the enemy evacuating the position in our front, the battalion at daylight occupied their works, and following them up to within three miles of Acworth, went into camp, where it remained until the morning of the 10th, when it took up position confronting the enemy at Pine Knob. On the 15th the enemy evacuated our immediate front. The Ninety-third Ohio was thrown out as skirmishers, drove in the enemy's pickets, and took up position within a few hundred yards of their works. On the morning of the 17th, the works in our front being evacuated, I was ordered to develop their position; threw out a few companies of the Ninety-third as skirmishers, advanced about two miles, driving in the enemy's skirmish line and establishing our line about 1,000 yards from their works. During the day the Ninety-third sustained a loss of 1 enlisted man killed and 5 wounded. On the night of the 19th the enemy evacuated our front, falling back to their last line in front of Marietta. On the following morning a skirmish line from the One hundred and twenty-fourth was advanced, driving the enemy into their works. On the 21st the battalion was moved to the right, and relieved a battalion of the Twentieth Army Corps. On the 23rd the Ninety-third, deployed as skirmishers, charged and drove back the enemy, advancing our lines about 1,000 yards, with a loss to the Ninety-third of 1 officer killed, 2 enlisted men killed, and 37 enlisted men wounded. The battalion was no further engaged, with the exception of constant picket-firing, in which both battalions suffered, the One hundred and twenty-fourth having 1 officer slightly wounded, until the enemy evacuated their position, which they did the night of July 3. In the pursuit of the enemy to the Chattahoochee River, the One hundred and twenty-fourth, on the morning of the 5th, was deployed as skirmishers, and vigorously pushed the rear guard of the enemy to and across the river, with a loss of 1 enlisted man killed and 5 wounded. On the 12th the battalion crossed the Chattahoochee and took up position on the south side of the river. On the 17th the battalion moved down opposite Vining's Station; details from both regiments briskly skirmished with the enemy without loss. That evening the battalion was more or less engaged in obtaining the position before Atlanta which it afterward held, with but slight loss, until August 25. On the night of August 25 the battalion joined in the movement to the right and rear of Atlanta; on the 29th ultimo assisting in the destruction of the Montgomery railroad; on the 1st instant marching to Jonesborough,

