
Numbers 69.
Report of Colonel Frederick Knefler, Seventy-ninth Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS,Before Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of the Third Brigade, of the Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, from the time it left camp on the 3rd day of May, 1864, until its arrival near Atlanta, Ga., on the 8th day of September, 1864:

The brigade was commanded during the campaign by Colonel Fred. Knefier, Seventy-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Brigadier General Samuel Beatty, its commander, being sick and unable for duty. The brigade was composed of the following troops: Nineteenth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Colonel Charles F. Manderson; Seventy-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Samuel P. Oyler; Ninth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Chesley D. Bailey; Seventeenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Alexander M. Stout; Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Colonel Dwight Jarvis, jr.; Fifty-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Granville A. Frambes; Eighty-sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel George F. Dick.

The brigade left camp near McDonald's Station, Tenn., at 12 a. m. on the 3rd day of May, 1864, marched six miles in the direction of Ringgold, Ga., and bivouacked for the night. On the 4th day of May, while on the march to Catoosa Springs, Ga., and when near Salem Church, the Nineteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Charles F. Manderson, was detached as guard to the supply train of the carps, then parked near Parker's Gap. The brigade remained in bivouac near Catoosa Springs until the 7th day of May, 1864, when it marched by way of Tunnel Hill to its position in front of Rocky Face Ridge. On the 8th day of May a demonstration was ordered to be made to develop the position of the enemy. The brigade was formed in two lines, the front line composed of four regiments in line of battle, the rear line of three regiments in columns doubled on the center in readiness to deploy, should it become necessary. Nothing of importance, however, occurred except some skirmishing along the line, which showed the enemy to be on the crest of the ridge in force. The brigade was then ordered to bivouac near the base of the ridge; remained there for two days, the skirmishers deployed in front keeping up a lively fire. Several men were killed and wounded in their tents by the enemy on the ridge. On the night of the 11th of May the brigade was marched back and occupied the crest of Tunnel Hill. At 1 p. m. of the 12th day of May orders were received to march to the support of the Second Division of this corps, then threatened by a large body of the enemy; arriving there barricades were built and a strong position taken, but beyond demonstrations nothing occurred. The enemy having evacuated Dalton the brigade marched through the town on the 13th day of May, and to a considerable distance toward Tilton. On the 14th day of May the brigade was in rear of the division, the Seventy-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers guarding the ammunition train of the corps. During the battle of Resaca the brigade was in reserve of the division and did not become engaged. The Fifty-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteers

