
was detached to fill an interval between the First and Second Brigades of the division, who were in the front line. On the 16th day of May the brigade marched through Resaca, crossed the river, and bivouacked near the railroad. On the 17th day of May marched through the town of Calhoun and became engaged with the enemy toward evening; had a skirmish, drove the enemy's artillery from its position, and established a strong line, which was ordered to be fortified. During the night the enemy withdrew from the front. Several men were killed and wounded at this point. On the 18th day of May the brigade marched through Adairsville, reached Kingston on the 19th, marched several miles beyond the town and were ordered to bivouac. At 4 p. m. an order was received to move forward immediately, it being ascertained that the enemy was in force near Cassville. The advance was made rapidly, severe skirmishing ensued, and the enemy driven from his advanced position before night. In this affair Captain Lendrum, of the Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteers, a gallant officer, was killed. Captain Hanna, of the Seventy-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, was severely wounded; many enlisted men were killed and wounded. The brigade bivouacked in the position taken on the 19th day of May during the 20th, 21st, and 22nd days of May, 1864. On the 22nd day of May the Nineteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers rejoined the brigade, having been detached since the 4th day of May when near Catoosa Springs. The brigade marched from the position near Cassville on the 23rd day of May. Nothing occurred on the 24th and 25th of May. On the 26th the brigade was placed in support of the First and Second Brigades of this division, who had taken their position near Pumpkin Vine Creek. There was slight skirmishing and some shelling by the enemy during the day, but no casualties happened.

On the 27th day of May at 10 a. m. the brigade was moved from its bivouac, formed in two lines of battle, preceded by a strong line of skirmishers, and ordered to move forward, with the center of the line resting on the Dallas and Acworth road, until the flank of the enemy should be found, in which case the order was given to attack him promptly. Having marched but a short distance, we came upon the brigade of General McLean, of the Twenty-third Army Corps. Orders were then received to move by the left flank and then to march in an easterly direction parallel with the road, and to maintain connection with McLean's brigade on the west side of the road. The connection with that brigade, however, was soon broken, it having remained behind, and was not again met with the remainder of the day. Upon reporting this fact, I was ordered by General Wood to march in rear of the left, and at supporting distance of the

First Brigade, of this division, and to be governed by its movements. Having crossed the stream near Pickett's Mills at 4 p. m., the division took position to attack the enemy. The brigade was formed in two lines of battle, the front line consisting of the Seventeenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, and Fifty-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, the whole line under the command of Colonel Alexander M. Stout, of the Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteers. The rear line, at supporting distance, was composed of the Nineteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Seventy-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, and the Ninth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, the line commanded by Colonel Charles F. Manderson, of the Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers. The Eighty-sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel George F. Dick commanding, was

