
detached by order of General Wood to cover a road on the line of advance, and remained there till the attack was over. Having received orders to that effect, the brigade marched in support of the First Brigade, Colonel Gibson commanding, which brigade was soon engaged with the enemy. The attack made was so strongly resisted that it speedily necessitated the bringing of this brigade into action. In the advance the first line was completely enfiladed by the enemy's artillery, suffering severely. The advance was made rapidly and in good order. After sustaining a murderous fire, I regret to say it was thrown into disorder. The second line, commanded by Colonel Manderson, was then ordered forward. The advance was made in splendid style through a terrific fire; the crest of a deep ravine was reached in advance of the former line, which was stubbornly held against what appeared largely superior numbers of the enemy. A barricade was built of rails, which in a measure protected the line from the overwhelming fire of the enemy in front, but both flanks were exposed to a continual fire of musketry and artillery, the supports on both flanks having disappeared. The line was re-enforced by the Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteers, of the first line, and such dispositions as circumstances and the available strength of the line permitted were made to guard against a movement of the enemy on the flanks. The left of the line was further strengthened by the Seventy-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, of the Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, the brigade to which it belonged having been ordered to protect the left flank of this division during the attack, but fell back at the beginning of the action, and was not seen again until late in the evening; but that regiment returned and rendered valuable assistance. A very heavy fire was kept up till dark, when ammunition began to fail and the men were compelled to have recourse to the cartridges of the dead and wounded, as it was impossible to obtain a supply from any other source. The position was ordered to be held until orders for withdrawal should be given. Skirmishers were ordered to the front to guard against surprise. At 10 o'clock the order to withdraw was received; every effort was made to bring off the wounded previous to the movement. All of a sudden, the enemy sallied from his works and made an assault upon the line, which was promptly and vigorously repulsed. The brigade then withdrew in good order, undisturbed by the enemy, and fell back to the intrenched position of King's brigade, of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. The brigade lost during the engagement heavily in officers and enlisted men. A list of the casualties accompanies this report. Officers and soldiers acted most gallantly, the regiments of the second line particularly, who advanced in admirable order over very difficult ground, and determinedly maintained their ground against vastly superior forces. Conspicuous for gallantry and deserving of special mention are Colonel Charles F. Manderson, of the Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey, of the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers; Major George W. Parker, of the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers; Major D. M. Claggett, of the Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteers, who by their conduct and example vastly contributed to the successful holding of the line. Many officers were killed and severely wounded. I have the honor to refer you for further details, and the action of the respective regiments composing the brigade, to the accompanying regiment reports. The best possible disposition was made of the wounded who were in condition to be brought

