
off the field. Many of the severely wounded, however, were left behind, owing to the impossibility of bringing ambulances to the scene of action, it being an almost impenetrable jungle, cut up by ravines, creeks, and swamps, without roads, or even paths, for vehicles of any description. Having retired from the field and reached the position assigned to the brigade, slight works were immediately thrown up. From this position the brigade was moved on the 28th to the right, so as to establish connection with the Fourteenth Corps. The position was strongly fortified along its entire length, and a heavy skirmish line thrown to the front. In the night of the 30th of May orders were received to move to the right and front, which, owing to the intense darkness, was accomplished with much difficulty.

On the morning of the 31st of May orders were given to intrench the position. While engaged in this the enemy attempted to charge the line. He was met by Major Claggett, of the Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteers, commanding the skirmish line, and successfully repulsed. The brigade remained in the above position till the morning of the 4th of June, when orders were received to move to the right, to relieve McCook's brigade, of Davis' division, Fourteenth Army Corps. The enemy having abandoned his position on the 5th, on the 6th day of June the brigade marched in the direction of Acworth, and remained in bivouac until the 10th of June. The time of the non-veterans of the Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers having nearly expired, they were sent to the rear to be mustered out. The veterans and those who had to serve an unexpired term were consolidated into four companies, and the battalion placed under command of Major Snider. On the 10th day of June the brigade marched from the above position and bivouacked near the Twentieth Army Corps, from which place the brigade was, on the 11th day of June, placed in reserve of the other division of the corps. This position was kept until the 17th, when, the enemy having abandoned his position near Pin Mountain, the division marched in pursuit; the brigade was in advance was in advance, covered by a strong line of skirmishers. At 1 p. m. the skirmish line was relieved by two regiments, which were ordered to develop the position of the enemy. Upon advancing the enemy was found to be posted on the crest of a ridge, with a strong skirmish line at its base. Continual skirmishing was kept up until evening, when the skirmish line, commanded by Major Claggett, of the Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteers, and Captain Agard, of the Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers, were ordered to drive the skirmishers of the enemy from their position. This was successfully accomplished, and an advance made to the crest of the ridge, from which the enemy was driven. The line thus gained was speedily fortified. The enemy attempted several times to retake it during the night, but was repulsed. Captain Sturgis, of the Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteers, was here severely wounded. On the 18th of June, in pursuance to orders, the line was advanced until within range of the enemy's works. Severe skirmishing ensued, lasting all day, occasioning the loss of many men in the Seventy-ninth Indiana and Ninth Kentucky Regiments on the skirmish line. On the 19th day of June the brigade remained in rear of the division. On the evening of the 20th it relieved a brigade of General Geary's division, of the Twentieth Army Corps, in position near Kenesaw Mountain. On the 21st of June, at 3 p. m., the artillery having previously cannonaded the

