
enemy's advanced works, the brigade was ordered forward to drive the enemy from his position. The Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Alexander M. Stout commanding, was ordered forward, drove the enemy in handsome style, and occupied the position, which, during the night, was strongly fortified.

A demonstration to develop the enemy's strength and position was ordered to be made on the 22nd day of June at 4 p. m. The skirmish line was composed of a detail from four companies of the Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers, and was re-enforced by the reserve. The enemy's skirmishers were driven from their rifle-pits and occupied by our line, but owing to the proximity of the enemy's main works the position became untenable, and the skirmishers, after suffering severe loss, were compelled to withdraw to their original position. On the 23rd of June a similar demonstration was ordered. The Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers was ordered to advance. The advance was preceded by a heavy cannonade of half hour's duration. When it ceased, a strong skirmish line, commanded by Major George W. Parker, of the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, supported by the balance of that regiment, was thrown forward. The rifle-pits were taken and held for some time, but the enemy sallied from his works and compelled the line to withdraw. The loss of the regiment was very severe and singularly out of proportion to the number engaged. Captain Daniel W. Howe, of the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, was severely wounded. The brigade remained unemployed, with the exception of heavy skirmishing on the line, until the 27th of June, when it marched to the left in support of the Second Division; engaged in an assault upon the enemy's works, upon the termination of which it returned to its original position. Here Colonel George H. Cram assumed command of his regiment, the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers, up to this time commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Chesley D. Bailey. Lieutenant Colonel Samuel P. Oyler, of the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, relinquished command of that regiment on account of sickness. Command was assumed by Major George W. Parker. The brigade remained in the above-described position until the 2nd of July, when it was moved to the right to occupy a position vacated by the Fourteenth Army Corps. The enemy having abandoned his works in the night, the brigade marched in pursuit, passing through Marietta, and bivouacked five miles beyond. On the 4th day of July the brigade was moved to the left of the Second Division, and the position fortified. While working the men were much harassed by the enemy, only a short distance off. The enemy abandoning his position during the night, the brigade marched in rear of the Second Brigade to the Chattahoochee River, near Pace's Ferry, and was there assigned its position. On the succeeding day the brigade moved to the right, so as to connect with the Fourteenth Army Corps, and there occupied a strongly fortified position until the 10th of July, when, the enemy having crossed the Chattahoochee and abandoned the north side of the river, the division moved eastward to Powers' Ferry, and crossed the river on pontoons on the 12th of July, 1864, where the brigade remained in camp until the 17th day of July, when it marched down the bank of the Chattahoochee Fourteenth Army Corps in crossing. Having accomplished this, the brigade returned to its position near Powers' Ferry. Orders to march were received next morning; the brigade moved to Buck

29 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I.

