
Head and there bivouacked. On the morning of the 19th an order was received to make a reconnaissance toward Peach Tree Creek. The Fifty-ninth Ohio Volunteers was deployed as skirmishers to cover the advance. Having reached the creek without meeting with serious resistance, the enemy was found on the opposite bank strongly intrenched and apparently in force. Cavalry appeared on the left of the skirmish line and was driven off. At 1 p. m. an order was received to force a crossing of Peach Tree Creek, and, if possible, to drive the enemy from his position. The creek was too deep to be forded. A spot concealed by a heavy growth of timber was found and a bridge constructed by the pioneers of the brigade, and the troops crossed the stream unobserved by the enemy. One hundred picked men were selected from the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers and the Ninth Kentucky to cover the advance as skirmishers, under command of Major George W. Parker, of the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers. The line of skirmishers was supported by six regiments of the brigade in line of battle at supporting distances from each other. The first line was commanded by Colonel George H. Cram, of the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers; the second by Colonel Charles F. Manderson, Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers; the third line by Major Claggett, of Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteers. The Fifty-ninth Ohio Volunteers was disposed along the banks of the stream as skirmishers to aid the advancing column by diverting the enemy's fire. Colonel Dick, Eighty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, with strong detachments covered the flanks of the column. General Geary's division, of the Twentieth Corps, was to co-operate in the crossing, but, after considerable delay, that division failing to move and our preparations being completed, General Wood ordered the advance to be made without further loss of time. The skirmishers advanced rapidly upon the enemy's position, followed closely by the first line of battle. The enemy opened with musketry and artillery, inflicting considerable loss, but he was driven from his position and the works taken, with a number of prisoners. Orders were given to build works to enable the brigade to repel any attack which might be made upon it in this isolated position. A firm lodgment was thus secured, and the position held under a heavy fire until evening, when other troops relieved the brigade, which returned to its bivouac near Buck Head. Great credit is due Colonel George H. Cram, of the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers, and Major Parker, of the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, for the gallant manner in which the advance was made, and the success of the crossing. I regret that Major Parker was severely wounded. On the 20th of July the brigade marched in support of the First Division of this corps; in the evening took position on the right of that division and intrenched in prolongation of its works. Toward morning it was found that the enemy had abandoned his position during the night. An advance was made directly to the front, where the enemy was found in position. Intrenchments were built in face of the enemy, who harassed the men during the work, killing and wounding a number of officers and men. During the night the enemy again withdrew. On the 22nd the brigade moved forward, took up a position on the line of the division, which strongly fortified, and there remained until the 25th day of August. During that period nothing of serious importance occurred. Frequent demonstrations and several attacks were made upon the enemy's rifle-pits, the first line of which was captured with many prisoners and

