
slight loss on our part, and was converted into an advance skirmish line of the brigade. Another attempt was subsequently made to capture their other line of pits, which succeeded, but, owing to the close proximity of the main lines of the enemy, who covered them with a heavy fire of musketry and artillery, they were abandoned. Foraging parties were here frequently sent out. The men were occasionally supplied with green corn, which considerably improved the sanitary condition of the men, among whom scorbutic symptoms were very prevalent. Considerable forage was thus procured for the animals of the brigade, which materially added to the scanty rations of forage issued. On the 25th day of August, 1864, orders were received to prepare marched at 9 p.m. from its camp. The skirmish line was left undisturbed to cover the movement and to conceal it from the observation of the enemy. Orders were given to withdraw the skirmish line at midnight, under direction of Major Dawson, the picket officer of the division. The command marched several miles, and at 3 a.m. bivouacked in rear of the abandoned position of the Twentieth Army Corps. The following morning at 10 o'clock left the position and marched in rear of the army to the right. On the 27th of August the brigade marched to near Camp Creek, and there fortified its position and remained until night of the 28th, when it was detailed to guard the supply train of the corps, and joined the division in its position in the vicinity of the Montgomery railroad. On the 29th the brigade was marched to the railroad to destroy the track. This being successfully and thoroughly accomplished for a considerable distance, the command marched back and bivouacked for the night in rear of the Twenty-third Army Corps. On the 30th the command marched in the direction of the Macon railroad, which was reached on the following day. Here a position was assigned to the brigade, which was strongly fortified. On the following morning, September 1, 1864, the brigade marched parallel to the railroad, which was again struck during the afternoon, and a considerable distance of the track torn up and destroyed. From there the brigade moved toward Jonesborough. Did not participate in that engagement and was ordered to take up position and to mass in rear of the Second Division of this corps.

On the 2nd day of September the brigade marched along the railroad, passing through Jonesborough in the direction of Lovejoy's Station, where the enemy had taken position. Arriving in front of the enemy, the brigade was marched to the left on a line with the other brigades of the division, and connected on its left with the First Division of this corps. The order was given here to attack the enemy. Dispositions were made accordingly. The brigade was formed in two lines of battle, covered by a strong line of skirmishers. The first line was composed of the Nineteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Seventy-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, and Ninth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers. The other regiments formed the rear line and marched at supporting distance. When the line advanced the skirmishers discovered the enemy strongly intrenched, protected by a heavy abatis. The skirmish line being too weak to accomplish anything, a charge was ordered to be made. The line advanced in gallant style with fixed bayonets, and without firing a shot, through the abatis and took the first line of intrenchments, with many prisoners, but upon advancing to attack the other line, they were met

