
by a murderous fire of musketry and artillery, and not being supported on either flank and perfectly isolated, the brigade fell back in good order to the first line taken and fortified it. The brigade suffered much, particularly in officers. The general commanding the division, who put himself at the head of the troops, was here severely wounded. Captain Miller, the assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, who accompanied me to the skirmish line, while reconnoitering the position of the enemy, was killed, and Lieutenant Colclazer, of the Seventy-ninth Indiana, quartermaster of that regiment, who acted as aide-de-camp, was severely wounded. Colonel Charles F. Manderson, of the Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel Chesley D. Bailey, of the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers, who were leading the charge most gallantly, were severely wounded. Lieutenant Thompson Dunn, adjutant of the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, was killed. Captain Agard, of the Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers, was severely wounded. The loss among the men was severe, particularly when the shortness of the engagement is considered.

All the officers did their duty well. Colonel George H. Cram, of the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers, commanded his own and the Seventy-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers in this charge and almost through the entire campaign, and fully displayed his usual bravery and tact. I cannot say too much of him or of Colonel Manderson, of the Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers, and Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey, of the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers, who were severely wounded, who are always conspicuous for gallantry and skill. The temporary loss of their valuable services will be deplorably felt in the brigade and their respective regiments.

The brigade remained in its fortified position until the night of the 5th of September, when it withdrew and marched along the railroad to its former position at Jonesborough, and from there marched by way of Rough and Ready to Atlanta, where it arrived on the 8th of September, 1864, and is now in camp.

I deem it my duty to return my thanks to the officers and soldiers of the brigade for their conduct during the entire campaign, which was so successfully terminated. Every duty was performed with alacrity and fidelity; hardships and fatigue were endured without murmuring, and on no occasion did they fail to display their soldierly qualities.

Before closing this report I desire to make my acknowledgments to the officers of the brigade staff, from whom on all occasions I have received valuable assistance. Captain Oscar O. Miller, the assistant adjutant-general, who was killed on September 2, was possessed of qualities as an officer and gentleman which make his death a deep regret to the officers and soldiers of the brigade. Conscientious in the performance of his duties, untiring in his zeal, brave to a fault, and of universal usefulness. In his department he was gentlemanly and kind, and his life was untainted by vice. His death is an irreparable loss to the brigade. Captain William S. S. Erb, of the Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers, inspector of the brigade, has proven himself in this long and arduous campaign a most faithful and efficient officer, and in action his services were invaluable to me. The vigilance and thoroughness with which he performed the peculiar duties of his office cannot be praised too much. First Lieutenant Jacob H. Colclazer, quartermaster of the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, who voluntarily acted as aide-de-camp during the campaign, has shown himself a useful and very gallant officer. Accompanying me to the skirmish line during the attack on the 2nd of September,

