
present, to the Third Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps. It went into bivouac at Catoosa Springs, Ga., on the evening of the 5th, and remained until the morning of the 7th, when it moved with the brigade to Tunnel Hill, Ga. On May 8, in front of Rocky Face Ridge, the regiment introduced its exercises for the campaign in a brisk skirmish with the enemy. Since that time it has taken an active part in all the movements, labors, skirmishes, and engagements of the brigade during the entire campaign. At Cassville, Ga., May 19, the regiment with the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers on the left and the Thirteenth Ohio Volunteers on the right, composed the rear line of the brigade, and though it did not become engaged with the enemy, Captain John L. Hanna was badly wounded through the hand while advancing in line of battle. On the morning of May 20 the regiment went into bivouac near Cassville, Ga., and remained until the 23d, when, in compliance with orders, it moved with the brigade. The same day Colonel Knefler was ordered to take command of the brigade and Lieutenant Colonel Samuel P. Oyler to take command of the regiment. On the 27th day of May, at Pickett's Mills, near Dallas, Ga., the regiment was formed in the second line of the brigade, with the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers on the left and the Nineteenth Ohio Volunteers on the right. The line was ordered to advance at once upon the enemy, which it did in good order, under a heavy fire of artillery. After advancing in the above order for near 500 yards, as the regiment reached the crest of a slight elevation, it was discovered that the line in front had been moved by the flank in extending the brigade line, and, the front being uncovered, the second line became immediately and heavily engaged with the enemy. The engagement began about 3 p.m. and continued three hours severely. The regiment advanced a short distance to the crest of a second hill, driving the enemy, and there, under a heavy fire of musketry, built a temporary line of rail works. In that position the regiment remained, keeping up a brisk fire and being partly sheltered by works until 11 o'clock at night, when the line was withdrawn by order of the brigade commander. In the action First Lieutenant Thomas C. Batchelor was badly wounded and 3 men killed and 15 wounded. On the 18th day of June the entire regiment, with the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers, was placed on the skirmish line near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., and in advancing the line became warmly engaged with the enemy, which was kept up during the entire day, with the loss of 3 enlisted men killed and 7 wounded. On the 23rd day of June the regiment was on picket near Kenesaw Mountain, Ga., and was ordered to advance the line and make a demonstration against the enemy's works, which resulted in the loss of Captain Daniel W. Howe, severely wounded, 6 men killed and 17 wounded. On the 28th day of June Lieutenant Colonel Samuel P. Oyler was relieved from command on account of sickness and sent to hospital, and Major George W. Parker took command of the regiment. On the 19th day of July the regiment, with the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers, was placed on the front line of the brigade and ordered to cross Peach Tree Creek at a point three miles north of Atlanta, Ga., and attack the enemy on the opposite side. The movement was well executed and was most successful, and, except Major George W. Parker, wounded, the loss to the regiment was very light. Major Parker being severely wounded, Captain John G. Dunbar assumed command of the regiment. On the 21st day of July the regiment was ordered by the brigade commander to take a position in line with the Ninth Kentucky Volun-

