
The enemy with a heavy force compelled the brigade to retire, though not until night-fall, when it fell back in good order. In this action the regiment sustained a serious loss in wounded, though none proved mortal. After retiring from the field where the command fought on the 27th of May my regiment was placed on the second line, where it remained until June 4, when the brigade was ordered to relieve McCook's brigade, of Johnson's division. My regiment was then assigned to the front line behind works, and not more than 400 yards distant from that of the enemy. On the morning of June 5 it was ascertained that the enemy had again abandoned his line of works and fallen back in the direction of Marietta, Ga. On June 6 the command again marched. Arriving near Acworth Station, Ga., went into camp and remained until June 10, when an advance was made upon the enemy, the front line skirmishing with the enemy, who, it seemed, had a well-chosen position. We bivouacked until June 15, when we evacuated and again fell back. On the evening of the 15th the command occupied Pine Mountain; remained here until June 17, when my regiment was placed on the skirmish line and advanced upon the enemy. Though the resistance was stubborn, yet we succeeded in driving him perhaps a mile. Night coming on, my regiment was relieved and ordered to bivouac till morning. June 18, continued to press upon the enemy, and, notwithstanding the heavy rains which were falling, rendering operations exceedingly difficult and unpleasant, they ceased not, and the duty was performed with cheerfulness. Advanced perhaps a mile and threw up works of rails and mud, but the enemy getting range with a piece of artillery, wounding several of my men, that position was abandoned and I was ordered to the left about 400 yards. June 19, again found the enemy retreating. Ordered to follow, but had not gone more than a mile, perhaps, when he was again encountered. On the 20th the brigade moved to the right about a mile and relieved a brigade in Hooker's corps, and on the 21st the lines were advanced with Companies I, C, and K of my regiment deployed as skirmishers. Works were hurriedly thrown up and constant and heavy skirmishing continued until the morning of July 3, when the enemy was found to be evacuating his position. Marched in pursuit and came upon his rear on the evening of the 4th, about five miles southeast of Marietta, Ga. The morning of the 6th again found his works vacated. Followed him up until reaching the Chattahoochee River, where he had chosen a strong position and easy of defense. Awaiting movements of other portions of the army, we went into camp and remained until July 10. The enemy having again fallen back, the command was ordered up the river a distance of perhaps five miles to Powers' Ferry to cross; after crossing the river went into camp.

On the 17th of July I marched with the brigade and division five miles down the left bank of the Chattahoochee River to dislodge the enemy's pickets and enable troops to cross the river at that point. This accomplished, the regiment returned to Powers' Ferry the same evening. On the 18th the command marched in the direction of Atlanta. On the 19th encountered the enemy on Peach Tree Creek. The Fifty-ninth Ohio was deployed as skirmishers, while my regiment was thrown out as a support. The enemy had a strongly intrenched position on the opposite banks of the stream, and it was with difficulty that the skirmishers effected a crossing, though the crossing was effected with but little or no loss in my regiment.

