
After reaching the opposite banks a sharp little engagement ensued. At dusk the brigade was relieved, and with it I returned to the camp of the previous night. July 20, I again moved with the brigade in the direction of Decatur, Ga., about four miles, when we again encountered the enemy. Breast-works were hastily thrown up, and twenty men thrown out as skirmishers. On the 21st the lines were advanced perhaps 500 yards, and on the morning of the 22nd it was discovered that the enemy had retired. Again followed him, driving him to the "last ditch" surrounding Atlanta. Being assigned to a position on a knoll commanding the enemy's lines, I remained, performing the duties of making demonstrations, picketing, fatigue, &amp;c., until August 25, when the command had orders to march. At about 10 p.m. we marched, going to the right of the army until reaching the West Point railroad, which the regiment assisted to destroy. August 30, marched eastward and continued the march until September 1, when the Macon railroad was reached. On September 2 I moved southward with the command about three miles, when the work of destruction was resumed on the railroad. Continued the march the same evening until coming near Jonesborough, where a portion of our forces were engaging the enemy. On the coming upon him at Lovejoy's Station, twenty-eight miles south of Atlanta. Here the enemy had chosen a position and our lines were immediately formed for the purpose of dislodging him. Being assigned to the second line and to the support of the Ninth Kentucky, I moved forward with the command. Soon after we were ordered to charge and take the enemy's works, but support failing to come up on the left, the front line fell back through my regiment in some confusion, causing for a few moments, disorder in my ranks; but order being restored, I immediately threw up a line of works, behind which we remained until the night of the 5th of September, 1864, when the army began to retire toward Atlanta. My regiment marched with the command, reaching this camp on the 8th of September, 1864.

Of the officers and men of my regiment much credit is due them for the promptness with which every order was executed. They have my unfeigned thanks.

The casualties in the regiment during the campaign foot up as follows: Killed, enlisted men,2; wounded, officers 4, enlisted men, 50; total, 54; aggregate, 56.

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

GEORGE F. DICK,

Colonel Eighty-sixth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain W. S. S. ERB,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 72.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Chesley D. Bailey, Ninth Kentucky Infantry, of operations May 3-June 26.

ATLANTA, GA., September 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as my official report of the part taken by the Ninth Regiment Kentucky Volun-

