
teers in the recent campaign during the time I was in command, viz, from the beginning of the campaign until the 26th day of June, 1864, at which time I was succeeded by Colonel Cram:

Left McDonald's Station on the 3rd of May and reached Catoosa Springs, Ga., on the evening of the 4th, where we lay until the morning of the 7th, when we moved out on the Tunnel Hill road. The advance was attended with some skirmishing and occasional artillery firing. Reached Tunnel Hill at 2 p.m., from the top of which the enemy could be plainly seen occupying Rocky Face Ridge, little more than a mile distant. Lay on the hill until the next morning, the 8th, when we advanced toward the ridge, making a demonstration to detract the attention of the enemy from the movements of General Harker, who was trying to gain possession of the north end of the ridge. Bivouacked at night at the foot of ridge. The operations of the 9th were very similar to those of the previous day, consisting of demonstrations, but were attended with the loss of 2 men, struck by balls fired from the ridge. Bivouacked on the same ground we occupied the previous night. During the 10th we lay still in camp, exploded to a sharp fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, by which 1 man was mortally wounded. On the 11th moved back to a ridge beyond the range of the enemy's small-arms, and lay all day. Went on picket at dark, relieving Seventy-ninth Indiana, where we remained until 8 o'clock on the night of the 12th, when we were relieved by the Seventeenth Kentucky, and joined brigade, which had moved to a point near the north end of the ridge. Had 1 man killed on picket. The morning of the 13th showing the enemy had evacuated, we moved around the northern point of the ridge, passing down the valley on the east side through Dalton, bivouacking several miles below. On the morning of the 14th moved on till the enemy was encountered in force near Resaca. Here we lay until the morning of the 16th; the brigade being held in reserve did not become engaged. Moved down railroad track, with but little detention until the evening of the 17th near Adairsville, where we found enemy strongly posted, and were compelled to halt and make dispositions. Lost 1 man killed by enemy's shell. Enemy left during night, and we moved on without further opposition until reaching Cassville, on the evening of the 19th, where the enemy were found in heavy force, and dispositions for attack made. My regiment was the left of the second line and did not become engaged as night came on before the enemy's position was found. Enemy left during night. Lay here until the evening of the 23d. Nothing unusual occurred until the evening of the 25th, when we crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek and bivouacked near the ground on which the Twentieth Corps had fought. On the morning of the 26th we took position to the rear of our division as reserve, which we maintained throughout the day. On the morning of the 27th we moved off to the left, where the entire division was formed for the purpose of striking a blow at the enemy's right. My regiment formed the left of the second line, under the immediate command of Colonel C. F. Manderson, Nineteenth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry. After much moving and maneuvering through a wilderness, occupying the greater part of the day, the enemy were found near Pickett's Mills, and the First and Second Brigades immediately became engaged, and in a very few minutes after the Third Brigade was ordered forward. We moved forward over a rough country, passing through the shattered remains of the First and Second Brigades,

