
subject to a vigorous shelling until we reached an open field, across which the enemy were posted, when we opened fire, which was kept up till our ammunition was exhausted. Night set in, and with it some cessation in the enemy's fire, though we were much annoyed, an enfilading fire coming from a hill to our left. All applications for ammunition were met with the reply that none could be had, and that we would fall back during the night. Details were made to carry off the wounded, and we lay quiet awaiting orders. About 10 o'clock the enemy formed in front of the right of the brigade, and, giving a signal with bugle, moved forward intending to gain our rear and capture us. We met them with a volley-the last cartridge-and fell back in good order. After moving about through the dense woods fro three hours we were placed in position on the right of the First Brigade, and the exhausted men lay down and slept. The loss of my regiment in this action was 4 killed and about 16 wounded; none captured.

On the morning of the 28th we threw up works, and later in the day, moving to the right, threw up another line, which we occupied until the night of the 30th, when we moved to the right and front, the brigade making connection with the Twenty-third Corps. On the 31st threw up works, which we occupied until the 4th of June, when we moved to the right a short distance, relieving a part of the Fourteenth Corps. During the night of the 4th the enemy evacuated their works in our front, and on the morning of the 6th we moved out on the Acworth road, and went into camp, where we lay until the 10th. Nothing of interest occurred until the 14th, when we were engaged in the movement that caused the enemy to evacuate Pine Top and the works connected therewith. On the 15th moved on to Pine Top, where we lay until the morning of the 17th, when we moved out, relieving the First Division, and taking the front. The enemy's skirmishers were soon encountered, and we advanced for some distance in line of battle, when we halted and lay till dark, when we threw up line of works. The next morning, the 18th, my regiment and the Seventy-ninth Indiana, also placed under my command, were ordered out to relieve the Seventeenth Kentucky on the skirmish line, with orders to advance the line at a signal. I relieved the line with the Ninth Kentucky, holding the Seventy-ninth Indiana in reserve. At the sounding of the signal the line was pushed forward some 200 yards in the face of a heavy fire, when we were compelled to stop on account of the line of the Second Brigade on our right being unable to advance. Rain had set in before daylight and fell in torrents during the greater part of the day. The men had come out without breakfast, exhausted by the previous day's operations and a sleepless night, the immediate result of which was a very large increase in the number of sick. In the evening I relieved the Ninth Kentucky with the Seventy-ninth Indiana. The loss in the Ninth Kentucky was 1 officer wounded, 1 man killed, and 5 wounded. That of the Seventy-ninth Indiana was 2 killed and 3 wounded. We were relieved before dark by the Thirteenth and Fifty-ninth Ohio Regiments. Enemy evacuated during the night, falling back to Kenesaw. Moved out on the morning of the 19th in rear of Stanley's division, and bivouacked at night in rear of line occupied by that division, directly in front of Kenesaw. On the evening of the 20th moved to the right to relieve a part of the Twentieth Corps. On the evening of the 21st the rebel skirmishers were driven from their barricades in

