
our front and we moved out with other regiments of the brigade, advancing our main line 400 yards, fortifying the position gained. These were the last works we built north of Marietta, and covered the Marietta and Dalla road. On the 24th we had 3 men wounded on the skirmish line. No movement occurred between this date and the 26th at which time I was succeeded in command of the regiment by Colonel Cram.

For casualty lists, &amp;c., I would respectfully refer to his report.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

C. D. BAILEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Ninth Kentucky Volunteers.

Captain W. S. S. ERB,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 73.

Report of Colonel George H. Cram, Ninth Kentucky Infantry, of operations June 26-September 8.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH KENTUCKY INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to present my report, from the time I rejoined the regiment.

I found the regiment in camp with the brigade in front of Kenesaw Mountain, confronting the enemy. On the 25th we lay in camp. On the 26th the regiment moved with the brigade to the right, and formed in the rear and support of General Newton's division, while it made an assault on the enemy's works. The assault being unsuccessful we moved back to camp, by Colonel Knefler's order. Nothing unusual occurred until the night of the 2nd of July, when I received orders to move, and at dark moved with the brigade about three-quarters of a mile to the left, and relieved part of Johnson's division. Our line was so close to the enemy that no pickets could be put out to cover the left of the regiment. The men were obliged to fire from the works as also did the enemy. About 3 a.m. the 3rd of July I received an order from Colonel Knefler to move a line of skirmishers cautiously toward the enemy's works, which I did, and found them empty, the enemy having left them during the night. About 7 o'clock I received orders to marched, and about 8 o'clock moved out of camp and marched with the brigade to within about one mile of Marietta, when I received orders from Colonel Knefler to halt until the train of our corps (Fourth) should arrive, and escort it, which I did, arriving in camp, about six miles below Marietta, about 9 p.m. On the morning of the 4th of July received orders to march, and about 12 m. I moved with the brigade about a mile, when we came up with the enemy's skirmishers. We formed with the brigade, the regiment in the front line, and put up works under the fire of the enemy's skirmishers, having 2 men wounded. During the night the enemy evacuated his position, leaving formidable works. On the morning of the 5th I received orders to march, and at 6 o'clock we moved with the brigade to within a few hundred yards of Pace's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River, the enemy retreating across the river. We went into camp and remained inactive until about 2 p.m. the 8th of July, when, by order of Colonel

