
active until the 28th of July, nothing of interest occurring with the exception of the furious cannonading of the enemy, which was continued daily. About 4 p.m. of July 28 I was ordered by Colonel Knefler to take my regiment and the Seventy-ninth Indiana and advance and support the skirmish line. We advanced, capturing the enemy's rifle-pits without loss, and after turning them for the use of our own men, returned to camp. July 29, the enemy threw 64-pounder shells into our camp without doing us hurt. We remained inactive until August 16, when I was ordered by Colonel Knefler to take my own regiment and the Seventy-ninth Indiana, and go foraging. We went about ten miles to the left of our army, meeting no enemy, and returned that night. We remained in camp inactive until August 25, when we received orders to march. We marched at 10 p.m. with the balance of the brigade, moving to the right, and bivouacked in rear of the position occupied by the Twentieth Army Corps, which had been evacuated the same night. The morning of August 26 continued our march to the right, and went into camp about 4 p.m. in rear of the Twenty-third Corps. August 27, we continued our march to the right about four miles, moving beyond the flank of the army, and went into camp again at 12 m., and threw up a line of works facing the Montgomery railroad and about three miles from it. About 5 p.m. I received orders to take the Ninth Kentucky and Seventy-ninth Indiana and cross----Creek, and make a reconnaissance of the ground to be occupied by General Newton's division. Moved out the

-----

road about a mile and a half and found no enemy. I was relieved about 8 p.m. by a regiment from Newton's division, and received orders to return to camp, and did so by 9 o'clock that night. We were under marching orders on the morning of August 28, and about 5 p.m. I was ordered to escort a part of the train of the corps. We moved forward toward the Montgomery railroad, and within about half a mile of it, and went into camp for the rest of the night. The morning of August 29 we moved out on the Montgomery road with orders to tear up the track; we tore up a portion of it, destroying it with fire, and returned to camp for the night. The morning of August 30 we moved the brigade about six miles, crossing the Montgomery road, and went into camp, the Seventy-ninth Indiana on the right and the Seventeenth Kentucky on the left. August 30, we received marching orders, and moved with the brigade in the direction of the Macon railroad, south of Rough and Ready Station, and went into line about one mile and a half from the railroad and put up a barricade. August 31, we moved in the direction of the railroad and struck it about 4 p.m., and threw up a line of works within 300 yards of and facing the railroad.

September 1, received orders to march, and about 8 a.m. moved down the road in the direction of Jonesborough, halting an hour to tear up the railroad, and continued our march toward Jonesborough. We halted in an open field, where the division massed, my regiment being on the right of the second line of the brigade. At night we received orders and moved with the brigade to the left of the line at Jonesborough, where the brigade was massed on the left flank of the army. On the morning of the 2nd of September we found the enemy had evacuated, and received orders to march immediately. We marched south on the railroad to within two miles of Lovejoy's Station, where we found the enemy again in position. The brigade was moved about one mile, and placed in position facing southwest,

