
my regiment on the front line, the Seventy-ninth Indiana on the right of me. The Seventy-ninth Indiana was placed under my command, and I was ordered to move forward carefully, with skirmishers deployed to the front. We moved forward about three-quarters of a mile, and, on ascending a high ridge, I discovered the enemy in position in front of us on a ridge about 400 yards distant. I received orders to wait until General Grose's brigade, of Stanley's division, could be placed in position on our left, and then move forward as it moved and assault the enemy's works. We waited about a half hour, and when General Grose's line advanced I gave the order to both regiments to move forward. The regiments were obliged to pass through a dense thicket of wild plums for about seventy-five yards, and after passing through the thicket I was obliged to halt and reform the Ninth Kentucky under fire, when the line again moved forward at a charge. When within about 250 yards of the enemy's works we were obliged to pass through a woods, in which the timber and undergrowth was cut down, which formed such a dense tangle I found it difficult to get through. The enemy's rifle-pits were on the edge of a field, about 250 yards from their main works; these we captured with some prisoners, and being under fire from the enemy's, and supposing the brigade on my left had moved forward, I gave the order to move forward, and we assaulted the works. The ground in front of their works to their rifle-pits was open and a regular slope, and a terrible fire of musketry and artillery opened upon us, and the brigade on our left not moving forward, we were unable to reach the works, and were compelled to fall back in some confusion. Both regiments were rallied at the rifle-pits, and works thrown up, which we held. The assault was gallantly made, and for a time promised to be successful, and had we been supported on our left, the result might have been different. After remaining in this camp three days, constantly under fire from the enemy's skirmishers, it was announced that the campaign was ended, and we were ordered back to this point, where we arrived September 11, 1864, the loss of the whole campaign being 15 killed and 51 wounded.

I have the honor to be your obedient servant,

GEO. H. CRAM,

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Kentucky Infantry.

Captain W. S. S. ERB,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 74.

Report of Colonel Alexander M. Stout, Seventeenth Kentucky Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH Regiment KENTUCKY VOL. INFTY.,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the marches and operations of this regiment from the 3rd day of May, 1864, when this brigade left McDonald's Station, near Cleveland, Tenn., to the 8th day of the current month, when the same went into camp at this place:

It is deemed unnecessary to describe every movement made by this regiment, as it was generally with the brigade. By easy

30 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

