
enemy's position, as the woods were very thick and it was dark. Our losses were heavy. Captain W. J. Lendrum was killed and Lieutenant C. A. Brasher received a severe wound in the face; 2 privates were killed and 16 others wounded. Captain Lendrum was a brave and gallant officer, and his death is deeply lamented.

By the morning of the 20th the enemy had disappeared. We remained in camp at that place until the 23d, when we moved to the right of the railroad, crossed the Etowah, and camped for the night near the mouth of

-----

Creek. On the 24th we ascended the Allatoona Mountain and traversed an exceedingly rough country, and camped at night near Burnt Hickory. On the 25th this regiment was detailed to guard the supply train of the corps, and continued on the road all night of that day, while the brigade moved on. On the 26th we overtook the brigade and camped near Pickett's Mills. On the 27th we moved with the division and attacked the enemy's right. Here again the ground was exceedingly rugged and difficult, and we had to march over it several miles in line of battle or in column of divisions, our skirmishers driving those of the enemy before them. This brigade was preceded in the attack by the other two brigades of the division. They each in turn were repulsed, while we lay in line under the bursting shells of the enemy. The shells bursting among our men, and the men of the other brigades, some wounded and others demoralized, rushing through our lines to the rear, were calculated to try the mettle of ours. When ordered, however, we advanced against the enemy, who was flushed with success and in an exceedingly advantageous position. The brigade was in two lines this regiment on the left of the first line. The regiment came under fire long before they could see the enemy or learn his position. Owing to the exceeding thickness of the bushes and saplings and the roughness of the ground and the smoke of battle, to say nothing of its noise, it proved very difficult to march men up to the attack in a good line; it was, in fact, impossible, I succeeded, however, in getting my command up to a fence, with my left some fifty or more yards from a ravine on my left. The enemy were in their front across a small field with rail barricades, and also upon a considerable ridge on the left of the ravine before mentioned, which commanded pretty much the position of the whole brigade. It certainly did the whole of my line. The fire from that ridge was incessant and very destructive. A brigade of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, commanded by Colonel Scribner, was on my left and part of it on the left of the ravine, but as their skirmish line was not advanced as far to the front as my line of battle, it therefore could not or did not drive the enemy from that ridge or protect us from cross-fires. I tried to induce the officer commanding the regiment in the first line on the left of the ravine of that brigade to advance as far to the front as our line, but could not move him. I then tried Colonel Scribner, but failed. In obedience to orders from the colonel commanding the brigade, I moved my regiment to the left and to the ravine; and the Ninth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, which was in the second line, came to my assistance. Darkness came, and the men of the two regiments became thoroughly intermingled. Our own firing was rapid; that of the enemy destructive. Individual soldiers began to report to me that their ammunition had been exhausted and would fall back and it was so dark you could not see to prevent them. An hour after dark their boxes were all well-night empty. There were no supplies to be had. The

