
mish line of the enemy with such effect that they evacuated with precipitation. Under orders to that effect the brigade moved quickly, each man with one or more fence rails in his hands, and took possession of the enemy's line thus abandoned, and in an incredibly short time had made a work so strong as to defy assault, and remained there, occasionally gaining ground upon the enemy's works, and under the destructive fire of the enemy's skirmishers, losing more or less men every day until the 27th when the brigade was moved to the right and supported the Second Division in the charge made upon the enemy's main works. While behind my own works at that position I witnessed an exhibition of cool courage and devotion to duty which I cannot forbear mentioning, although it did not occur in my command. Captain Leonard, whom I did not know, a signal officer, stationed himself not forty yards in rear of my line, and there received a very severe wound in the hip or back. When I heard that he has wounded I went to him, and found him lying upon his back, pale, and in a tremulous voice reading out, in figures, a message, which an assistant with a flag was transmitting to some other point. He seemed on the point of expiring, but determined to complete his task, and did it, and was then taken off in an ambulance. The enemy evacuated their works again on the night following the 2nd day of July, and on the 3rd we passed the town of Marietta, and encamped about five miles south of it for the night, and on the 4th went into position in front of the works of the enemy on his right. On the night succeeding that day he evacuated his works, and on the 5th the brigade moved to the north bank of the Chattahoochee, and near Vining's Station, and after remaining there until the 10th moved about seven miles up the river to Powers' Ferry, and on the 12th crossed it, and remained in camp at that point until the 17th, and then moved down the south bank to Pace's Ferry and drove the enemy, when the Fourteenth Corps crossed to the south side also, when the brigade returned to camp at Powers' Ferry. On the 18th the brigade moved to a point near Buck Head, and there encamped. On the 19th the brigade made a reconnaissance to Peach Tree Creek and drove a force of the enemy, consisting of one brigade of infantry with artillery, from the crossing, built a line of works, and was there relieved by the Second Brigade, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, and then returned to the camp of the previous night. On the 20th and 21st the regiment participated in several movements of the brigade, the last of which was building a line of works under fire. Loss, 1 man killed and 2 wounded. During the night of the 21st the enemy evacuated his works, and on the 22nd the brigade moved forward and found the enemy in his works around Atlanta. Strong works were at once constructed, this regiment being in the front line in front of the enemy, the Twentieth Army Corps on the right of the Fourth, and Twenty-third Corps on the left of the Fourth. Here we remained until the 25th of August, making frequent demonstrations and movements calculated to deceive the enemy, and all the time under fire of artillery and small-arms. Our losses of men were frequent on the skirmish line and from random shots in camp.

On the 3rd day of August this regiment, under orders, advanced to the front of the works to the support of the skirmish line in a demonstration. Loss, 1 man killed and 2 wounded. On the night succeeding the 25th day of August this brigade began to participate in the grand movement which resulted in the capture of At-

