
lanta. It is deemed unnecessary here to give a description of all the daily movements made, the destruction of the two railroads, and the building of various works. We sustained no loss of men until the evening of the 3rd of September, when we arrived before the intrenched position of the enemy at Lovejoy's. There we had 1 man wounded by a fragment of a shell before going into line. Upon finding the enemy had taken position we were moved to the left of the railroad, about one mile, over exceedingly difficult ground, driving the skirmishers of the enemy before us. The brigade was formed in two lines, the Nineteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry on the right of the first line, and this regiment on the right of the second line, and I was informed that the guide would be on the left. But in moving over rough ground, and crossing deep gullies, and through thick tangles of grapevines, briars, and brush, although I had governed my movements by those of the Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which was in the same line on my left, yet when we had halted, before making the charge which was afterward made, I found my command entirely to the right of the Nineteenth Ohio, which was in the front of me when the move began. At the place where we were halted we found ourselves under a destructive fire from the enemy, whom we could not see, but who occupied much higher ground than we did, and could see us. Seeing the Nineteenth Ohio beginning to charge against the enemy, and the Thirteenth Ohio following, my regiment instinctively, and almost without command, did the same, and in moving a few yards we came to the saplings and bushes cut down by the enemy in front of the rifle-pits for their skirmishers, which made it exceedingly difficult to move in line or otherwise, but the enthusiasm of men and officer to move in line or otherwise, but the enthusiasm of men and officers was such that they became perfectly uncontrollable, and could hear no orders, but rushed upon the enemy's works, and, the enemy's skirmishers in the pits surrendering, were hurried to the rear, while our men rushed forward, in spite of the bursting shells and a perfect hail of bullets; but they soon found that the enemy's main works were 200 or 300 yards distant, and a deep ravine, full of thick brush and fallen timber would have to be passed, and that the enemy's fire increased in destructiveness, and then fell back in some disorder, some of them even in rear of the works which they had just taken. No accurate account can be rendered of the prisoners captured by this regiment in the rifle-pits at Lovejoy's. The officers' estimates vary from 40 to 100; 1 sergeant conducted to the rear 1 lieutenant and 15 privates at one time, and these officers say that many of our prisoners fell into the hands of the provost-marshals of other brigades. Whilst I was engaged in rallying and forming the regiment, and beginning to construct barricades to be used in case of a countercharge, Colonel Knefler, commanding the brigade, rode up and informed me that he was temporarily in command of the division, and ordered me to take command of the brigade, reform it, and construct works at once, which I did. In a very short time we had good, substantial works put up, and it was dark, and I had thrown out pickets in front of our lines. Then seeing Colonel Knefler again he informed me that General Wood, commanding the division, had been wounded, and for that cause he had assumed command for a short time, but that General Wood had assumed command of the division, and he of the brigade. I found that 3 men of my regiment had been wounded in the charge, 1 of whom has since died, and several gallant officers of the brigade

