
killed and wounded. We occupied our position during the 3d, 4th, and 5th of September, until 8 p.m. of the 5th, when we fell back to Jonesborough.

During the campaign the regiment made twenty-seven lines of strong defensive works and many slight lines and barricades, without counting those made by our skirmishers.

A list of casualties during the whole campaign-showing a loss of 1 commissioned officer killed and 4 wounded, 7 enlisted men killed and 83 wounded, and 2 missing; total loss, 98-is herewith transmitted.

When this regiment left McDonald's Station we had, say, 460 guns, and upon our return to this place only 250.

After the campaign began I lost from 30 or 40 men from sore arms caused by vaccination with matter from other men's arms. This vaccination was done while in camp at McDonald's Station. In June and July the men were considerably afflicted with scurvy, and from sickness resulting from exposure to sun and rain. But about the 1st of August they began to get green corn in abundance, as well as some other vegetables, which had a most happy effect upon their health.

Both officers and enlisted men have borne the perils, fatigues, and privations of this protracted campaign with wonderful courage and fortitude.

The conduct of the commissioned officers of this regiment has been uniformly commendable, and I feel that I could not single out individual officers for special commendation without by so doing implying what I do not mean, namely, that all have not done well. I feel deeply grateful to them because their promptness, efficiency, and trustworthiness has freed me from many anxieties and troubles which I would otherwise have experienced.

Very respectfully,

A. M. STOUT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. S. S. ERB,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 75.

Report of Major Joseph T. Snider, Thirteenth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. BATTLN. 13TH Regiment OHIO VETERAN VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 11, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders just received, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the operations which have culminated so gloriously to our arms by the occupation of Atlanta:

At noon of Tuesday, May 3, in connection with the balance of the brigade, we marched from McDonald's Station, Tenn., my effective force consisting of 22 commissioned officers and 311 muskets. We participated in all the movements incidental to the advance, embracing Tunnel Hill, Rocky Face Ridge, Resaca, &amp;c., but no casualties occurred until the evening of May 17, when near Adairsville. The enemy resisted our advance, and my regiment was thrown out upon the right flank, a portion of it being deployed as skirmishers

