
railroad and advanced upon the enemy, who occupied a ridge about a mile this side of Lovejoy's Station. Our movements had to be made over a very rough, broken country, made more difficult by fallen timber with which the enemy obstructed our way; we pushed on, however, and succeeded in carrying their rifle-pits and capturing the occupants, but coming upon their main works across an open field, some 300 yards from the edge of the woods, the line upon our right not having advanced at all, we could not hope to carry them alone, so we constructed hasty works at the line we had secured at the edge of the woods, and where we remained confronting the enemy, exposed to a heavy fire, until the night of the 5th, when the whole army withdrew. My loss here was 3 killed and 7 wounded. On Thursday afternoon, September 8, just two weeks from the time this movement was inaugurated, we returned and took possession of the prize-Atlanta, ours. We feel that the toils and labors of the past four months are amply rewarded.

Below is a recapitulation of the casualties of the campaign.

You will please to remember that on June the 8th my command was reduced to a battalion organization of four companies, with an aggregate effective force of only 150 men since that time.

Recapitulation: Killed or died of wounds-commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 16. Wounded-commissioned officer, 1; enlisted men, 45. Missing in action-enlisted men, 26. Aggregate, 89.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. T. SNIDER,

Major, Commanding Battalion.

Captain W. S. S. ERB,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 76.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry G. Stratton, Nineteenth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETEENTH OHIO VET. INFANTRY VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Colonel C. F. Manderson having been severely wounded on the 2nd day of this month before Lovejoy's, I have the honor to report herein the operations of the Nineteenth Ohio Veteran Volunteers during the recent campaign in Tennessee and North Georgia.

Having sent all surplus baggage to Bridgeport, Ala., for storage, on the 3rd day of May, 1864, we broke up camp near McDonald's Station, Tenn., and took up line of march toward Ringgold, Ga.; reached Salem Church on the afternoon of the 4th, five miles from Ringgold, and remained there with the Ninety-third Ohio Volunteers and Thirty-fifth Indiana Volunteers, all under command of Colonel Manderson, guarding the supply trains of the Fourth Army Corps, until the morning of the 7th. In pursuance of orders received on the morning of the 7th of May the regiment, Colonel Manderson command, proceeded to Parker's Gap, guarding the supply trains that for on their way to Ringgold. On the same day the colonel commanding took possession of Parker's Gap, a narrow defile through White Oak Mountain, five miles from Ringgold, for the purpose of covering and protecting the railroad from Chattanooga to Ringgold. On the night of the 16th of May orders were received to rejoin the

