
the enemy again fell back about two miles, and on the morning of the 19th we followed, driving their skirmishers to the neighborhood of Kenesaw Mountain, with a loss of 1 man killed and 1 wounded. On the 20th and 21st we again advanced our lines slightly, having 1 man wounded on the 20th. (See list). On the 22nd we again advanced our lines, Companies C and D, under the command of First Lieutenant Albert Upson, on the skirmish line and took a heavy line of the enemy's picket-pits, but were compelled to fall back, because of the line on our left not moving up promptly. Our loss this day, 6 killed and 15 wounded. (See list annexed.) In this position we remained, varying the lines slightly, until the 3rd day of July, having lost 1 man wounded on June 26, and 1 killed and 1 wounded on the 29th of June on skirmish line.

On the night of the 2nd of July the enemy abandoned his position on Kenesaw Mountain. On the morning of the 3rd we marched in pursuit, passing to the south of Marietta. Marched six miles and bivouacked for the night. On the 4th we moved to the left and front, skirmishing with the enemy; formed our line, and threw up works. In this affair the command lost 1 man killed, 2 wounded, and 2 taken prisoners. On the night of the 4th the enemy again abandoned their works and fell back. On the morning of the 5th we marched in pursuit as far as the Chattahoochee River. Lay there in position until the 10th, having had 1 man wounded on the picket-line on the 7th, and 1 killed on the 9th. On the morning of the 10th marched eight miles up the river and joined with the Twenty-third Corps. On the 12th marched three miles down the river and crossed it, campaign in the hills two miles on the south side. On the 13th moved one mile to the right and threw up temporary works; no enemy seen in force in our front. Lay in this position until the morning of the 17th, when the command moved in light marching order four miles down the river to Pace's Ferry, occupied the hill on the south side, threw up breast-works, and covered the crossing of the Fourteenth Army Corps. On the 18th the command moved out to the main road leading to Atlanta. Marched about five miles and bivouacked. On the morning of the 19th we moved forward in light marching order three miles to Peach Tree Creek, where we found the enemy in force. Having thrown a temporary bridge over this stream, the command moved in support of the Ninth Kentucky Volunteers and Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, and crossed the stream in the face of the enemy, and drove them from their works. The command lost in this action 1 man killed and 4 wounded. Was relieved on the night of the 19th by General Hazen's brigade, and moved back to our last camp. On the 20th, and 21st the command again moved forward on the left of our lines on the Decatur road, and on the 21st threw up a line of breast-works under a heavy fire from the enemy. At night the enemy fell back, and on the morning of the 22nd the command again moved forward, passing through a heavy line of works abandoned by the enemy, and found that the enemy had fallen back to their inner line of works around Atlanta; advanced within 300 yards of the enemy's skirmish line, and threw up a strong line of breast-works within two miles of the city. On the 24th had 2 men wounded in camp by fire from the enemy's picket-line, and on the 25th had 1 man wounded in the same manner. On the 28th made a demonstration in our front in favor of our forces on the right, and lost 1 man killed on the skirmish line. On the 1st of August had 1 man wounded on the skirmish line, and 1 on the

