
2d. On the 3rd of August made an advance of our picket-line and drove the enemy out of their picket-pits, capturing a number of their pickets, but were forced to abandon them and fall back to our former line, the enemy having in turn advanced upon our line in force; the command lost 3 men wounded and 1 captured. On the 4th had 1 man wounded on picket-line, and 1 on the 5th. On the 6th the command, in conjunction with the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio, was ordered to the extreme left of our lines to repel an anticipated attempt of the enemy to turn our flank, but returned in the evening without seeing anything of the enemy. On the 13th was again ordered to the left, to guard against an attempt to turn our flank; returned in the evening to camp without seeing the enemy. On the 14th Captain Fix, Company B, was severely wounded by a musket-ball while in his tent in camp. On the 17th had 1 man wounded on picket-line. On the 19th was again ordered to the left to occupy the works of First Brigade, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, while it made a reconnaissance and demonstration in its front. Returned to our camp in the evening. On the 20th was again ordered to the left to guard against any attempt to turn our flank. Returned to camp same day without seeing the enemy. On the 24th First Lieutenant William F. McHenry was killed by a musket-ball from the enemy's picket-line while in his tent in camp. On the 25th the command broke up camp, and at 11 p.m. moved off to the right. On the 26th, 27th, 28th, and 29th we moved to the west and south of Atlanta and struck the railroad running to Montgomery, Ala., from Atlanta, which we tore up and destroyed. On the 30th and 31st we moved eastwardly and struck the Macon railroad on the 31st about two miles south of Rough and Ready Station, threw up breast-works, and destroyed the road.

On September 1 the command was moved in the direction of Jonesborough and destroyed the railroad within three miles of that place, and lay in support of the Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, before the enemy's works at Jonesborough, and had 1 man wounded. The enemy having abandoned their works at Jonesborough on the night of the 1st, on the morning of the 2nd the command followed in pursuit about seven miles southwardly along the railroad and found the enemy posted and intrenched in a strong position a mile or two north of Lovejoy's on both sides of the railroad. Companies D and E, under command of Captain Upson, were thrown in advance as skirmishers, covering the front of the brigade. In this condition the command moved forward to the attack, and drove the enemy from a strong line of skirmish rifle-pits, covered by an abatis, and captured a number of prisoners. The command then, under orders, charged directly up the crest of a corn-field upon the enemy's main works, but was met by such a deadly fire of artillery and musketry, all centered upon the line of the brigade in consequence of the lines on our right and left not coming up to the charge, that we were forced to fall back to the cover of the woods. At this point Colonel Manderson was severely wounded while gallantly cheering and encouraging his men and endeavoring to reform the line. The line was reformed and strong works thrown up along the edge of the woods. In this action the command lost 2 officers wounded severely, 2 men killed, 9 wounded and 1 missing. In this position we remained until the night of the 5th, having lost from fire of the enemy's pickets since the action of the 2nd 1 man killed and 4

