
wounded. On the night of the 5th the command started on the march for Atlanta, where it arrived on the 8th, and went into camp about three miles east of Atlanta, where it now is.

The whole loss of the command during the campaign is as follows: Killed-commissioned officers, 2; non-commissioned officers, 2; privates, 23; total, 27. Wounded-commissioned officers, 6; non-commissioned officers, 23; privates, 67; total, 96. Captured-non-commissioned officers, 1; privates, 12; total, 13. Aggregate, 136. I am sorry to state that many of the brave men whose names are in the annexed list have since died of their wounds.

In conclusion, sir, I take great pride in calling your attention to the gallant conduct of the officers and men of this command during the long and arduous campaign just closed. Too much praise cannot be awarded them. Fearless alike of danger or fatigue they bore the privations and exposures of the campaign with a cheerfulness that nothing could daunt, and while they mourn the loss of their brave comrades who have fallen, they rejoice at the grand success of our arms.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY G. STRATTON,

Lieutenant Colonel Nineteenth Regiment Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty., Commanding

Captain W. S. S. ERB,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div, 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 77.

Report of Captain Robert H. Higgins, Fifty-ninth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-NINTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with an order from Colonel Knefler, commanding brigade, the following report of the operations of this regiment since leaving camp at McDonald's Station, is respectfully submitted:

On the 3rd day of May last the regiment marched from the camp above mentioned, and about noon of the 5th of the same month arrived at Catoosa Springs, in Georgia. On the 7th the regiment moved to Rocky Face Ridge, which was then occupied by the enemy, who, just beyond this point, was intrenched at Buzzard Roost; here we remained, engaged in occasional skirmishes, in which we lost 1 man killed, 7 wounded, and 1 missing, until the morning of the 13th, when we marched in pursuit of the enemy, who had evacuated his position, and whom we next encountered before Resaca, where we arrived on the evening of the 14th. In the fighting at this place, our division being held in reserve, the regiment lost but 1 man wounded, on the 15th. On the 16th, the enemy having found it expedient to retire, we were again put in pursuit and engaged in occasional skirmishing, without any loss to us, until we came to Cassville, on the 19th, where we remained until the 23d, when we were again ordered to march, crossing the Etowah River and Allatoona Mountain. We next encountered the enemy near Dallas, where was fought the battle of New Hope Church, where, out of

