
eight companies (two having been left behind on the skirmish line), the regiment lost 1 killed, 29 wounded, and 16 missing, including the commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel G. A. Frambes, and Adjt. M. J. W. Holter. Night having terminated the fighting of this bloody afternoon, we retired to the right and rear of the scene of action, and rested until morning, when we were moved still farther to the right, confronting and skirmishing with the enemy. On the 31st we were again moved to the right, where we threw up intrenchments and remained until the 4th day of June, when we were ordered again to the right, relieving and occupying the works of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. The next morning the enemy left our front. On the 6th we were ordered to march in pursuit, and in the evening went into camp, where we remained until the 10th, when, after moving about two miles, we again rested until the 14th. On the 15th the enemy again abandoned their position in our front, and again we started in pursuit. We were thus constantly pushing the foe, and they intrenching and evacuating until we arrived near Marietta, where they sheltered themselves behind their works upon and about Kenesaw Mountain, we, in the mean time, losing 3 men wounded, and taking 20 prisoners, while on the skirmish line. Before the enemy were compelled to abandon their last-mentioned stronghold, we lost 1 man killed, 1 officer and 12 men wounded. Sunday, July 3, the enemy disappeared from our front; we started in pursuit at 7 a.m., and camped four miles south of Marietta on railroad; moved into position and fortified. The next day the enemy abandoned their front line of works, and, being pushed, crossed the Chattahoochee River. We remained here until the 7th, when we changed position, moving a half mile to the right. On the 9th we advanced one mile. On the 10th we moved six miles farther up the river, where we remained until the 12th, when we crossed and camped about one mile and a half southeast of the point of crossing. On the 13th we advanced one mile, our regiment on the skirmish line. We remained in camp here until the 18th, when we advanced about three miles, camping seven miles northeast of Atlanta. On the 19th we advanced in front of the division as skirmishers, deploying at Buck Head; we pushed forward and discovered the enemy in strongly fortified position, with artillery, on left bank of Peach Tree Creek. We skirmished until about 4 p.m., when the regiment was ordered to charge. We did so, crossing the creek and entering the enemy's works, having 5 men wounded. We were relieved the same evening and returned to old camp. On the 20th we advanced to the left, taking position on Decatur road the regiment being posted on picket-line in rear of the division; here we skirmished a little, losing 1 man wounded. About noon we were ordered to the brigade, with which we advanced two or three miles. Near sundown we were ordered to the front on skirmish line, relieving the Fifty-ninth Illinois Volunteers; skirmishers thrown forward; had 1 man killed. July 21, we moved forward about half a mile, forming under a hill, in the second line of the brigade. Next morning discovered that the enemy had again retired from our front. We pushed forward, and came upon them posted in the defenses of Atlanta. The regiment threw up works in line with the Eighty-sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry and Thirteenth Regiment of Ohio Volunteer Infantry, very heavy musketry and cannonading going on our left in the mean time. In the evening we received orders to

