
take up position on the right of the division, which we did, and fortified our new position, being all the time vigorously shelled by the enemy from heavy guns; here we had 1 man wounded. On the 24th the regiment was ordered back to the left of Third Brigade, and again fortified, this time on our skirmish line. Here we remained until the night of August 25, having lost while in camp and on the skirmish line 1 man killed and 9 wounded. At 8 p.m. we received orders to march. We moved out and marched in front of the brigade, passing the railroad, where we camped at about 2 a.m. August 26. At 8 o'clock in the morning we marched to the right, and thus continued marching daily, sometimes skirmishing with the enemy, until the 29th, when we came upon the Montgomery railroad, which, after going into camp, we assisted in tearing up, burning the ties, and bending and destroying the iron. On the 30th we continued our march some seven or eight miles, which brought us in the vicinity of the Macon railroad. The next day (31st) we again advanced, driving their skirmishers before us, and taking possession of the Macon railroad. September 1, we continued our march in the direction of Jonesborough, and found the enemy intrenched and engaged with the Fourteenth Army Corps two miles north of the town. The enemy escaping under cover of night, we started on their track in the morning and again came upon them in a strong position about five miles beyond Jonesborough, on the Cedar Bluffs. Here we charged, driving them into their works, with a loss to us of 4 men wounded. It being now night-fall, we went into camp near and in front of the enemy's works, where we remained until the night of the 5th, when we started en route for Atlanta, where we arrived without further fighting on Thursday, the 8th instant, thus terminating our campaign for the possession of Atlanta.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. HIGGINS,

Captain, Commanding Fifty-ninth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain W. S. ERB,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 78.

Report of Captain Lyman Bridges, Illinois Light Artillery, commanding Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

COLONEL: In accordance with your order of the 4th instant, I have the honor to forward the following report of the operations of the artillery of this corps during the campaign from Chattanooga and Cleveland, Tenn., to Atlanta, Ga.:

The assignment of the artillery on May 3 ultimo, at the commencement of the campaign, was as follows: First Division (Major-General Stanley)-Fifth Indiana Light Battery, Lieutenant A. Morrison com-

---------------

*A nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 6 men killed, 1 officer and 54 men wounded, and 2 officers and 18 men captured or missing; total, 81.

---------------

