
manding; Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Light Battery, Captain S. M. McDowell commanding; Captain Peter Simonson, Fifth Indiana Light Battery, chief of artillery. Second Division (Brigadier General John Newton)-Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, Captain W. F. Goodspeed commanding; Batter M, First Illinois Light Artillery, Captain George W. Spencer commanding; Captain C. C. Aleshire, Eighteenth Ohio Light Battery, chief of artillery. Third Division (Brigadier General T. J. Wood)-Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, Captain Lyman Bridges commanding; Sixth Ohio Light Battery, Lieutenant O. H. P. Ayres commanding; Captain Cullen Bradley Sixth Ohio Light Battery, chief of artillery.

On May 3 the batteries moved with their respective divisions, the Fifth Indiana and Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Batteries, and Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, marched via Red Clay to Catoosa Springs. Bridges' Battery and Sixth Ohio Light Artillery, joined the Second Division for duty May 6. On May 7 the batteries marched with their respective divisions to Tunnel Hill, the Fifth Indiana being the only battery engaged on that day. May 8, the Fifth Indiana and Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Batteries shelled the enemy upon Rocky Face Ridge. May 9, the Fifth Indiana, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania, and Bridges' Battery were placed in position on a small ridge between Tunnel Hill and Rocky Face Ridge, and engaged the enemy's batteries and lines, silencing his batteries. On the same day Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, placed a section on the top of Rocky Face Ridge and opened an enfilading fire down the ridge. May 10, the Fifth Indiana and Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania, Bridges' Battery, and Battery M, First, Illinois Light Artillery, were engaged in shelling the enemy upon Rocky Face Ridge. The Sixth Ohio Light Battery was placed in position in front of Rocky Face Ridge, but was not engaged. At 4 p.m. two sections of Bridges' Battery were placed in position two miles to the left of Tunnel Hill, by order of Major-General Howard. May 11 and 12, no particular demonstrations were made by any of the batteries. May 13, the artillery moved with the corps through Dalton to Resaca, Ga., May 14,the Fifth Indiana, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania, and Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, were engaged; the Fifth Indiana was charged, and repulsed the enemy in the most gallant manner. May 15, the Sixth Ohio Light Battery, Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery; Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery; Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania and Fifth Indiana Batteries were engaged. May 16, the enemy having evacuated Resaca, the artillery crossed the Coosa River and marched with their divisions to Adairsville, when, on May 17, the Sixth Ohio Light Battery was placed in position near the Adairsville and Resaca road, and Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, was placed in position one mile to the right and front on General Wood's division front, each doing good execution. May 20, the Fifth Indiana Light Battery, Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, and the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery were engaged with General Hardee's corps, C. S. Army. The corps camped near Cassville three days, at which place Lieutenant George W. Freeman, inspector of artillery and ordnance officer, and acting chief of artillery, was relieved by reason of the expiration of his term of service, and I was appointed, by order of Major-General Howard, acting chief of artillery in the absence of Major T. W. Osborn, absent

31 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

