
wounded. May 23, the corps moved to Dallas via Euharlee and Raccoon Creek and Pumpkin Vine Creek. May 26, the Sixth Ohio Light Battery and Fifth Indiana Light Battery and Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, were engaged in front of New Hope Church. May 27, all the batteries of the corps were placed upon the front main line of works, in the positions assigned and prepared for them by order of Major-General Howard, where they remained, changing positions with their divisions until June 7 until June 10, when the corps marched toward Pine Mountain. The enemy having been met in force at that place, by General Howard's [order] the Fifth Indiana Battery and Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Light Battery were placed in position near the Marietta road. June 11, Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, was placed in position upon the left front of General Newton's division. General Wood's division being in reserve his batteries were not engaged. June 14, by order of Major-General Howard, the Fifth Indiana, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania, and Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, opened fire upon Pine Mountain at 11 a.m. June 15, the enemy having evacuated Pine Mountain, Major-General Stanley's division occupied it, placing one section of the Fifth Indiana Battery in position upon the Pine Mountain, the remaining two sections and Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, upon a ridge, midway between Pine and Kenesaw Mountains. June 16, the Fifth Indiana and Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania were placed in position in front line of General Stanley's division; Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, and Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, in front line of General Newton's division. Captain Peter Simonson, chief of artillery, First Division, was killed while placing a battery in position in front of his division. June 17, the enemy having evacuated their position, General Wood's division advanced one mile, by order of Major-General Howard. Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, was placed in position at 8 a.m. on a commanding position, on the left of the Marietta road, and shelled the enemy. At 4 p.m. Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery; Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery; Sixth Ohio Light Battery; Fifth Indiana Battery, and Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, were placed in position, and, by order of Major-General Howard, at 5 p.m. concentrated their fire upon the enemy's works and lines in front of General Wood's left and General Newton's right front for one-half hour, after which our lines advanced across a large open field and secured a lodgment within the enemy's first line of works, which line was strengthened and turned upon the enemy during the night. June 18, Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery; Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery; Sixth Ohio Light Artillery; Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, and Twenty-Sixth Pennsylvania Light Artillery were advanced from 600 to 700 yards in their respective fronts, occupying some hastily constructed works, and were each engaged. Captain McDowell, with the Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Light Battery without works, placed a section of his battery, within 250 yards of the enemy's works, and assisted very materially in driving the enemy from General Kimball's right front. During the night Captain George W. Spencer, with the pioneers of General Harker's brigade and his command, constructed works upon the line of works captured from the enemy the day before for four guns of Battery M,

