
sylvania Light Battery, Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, and Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, were engaged with two of the enemy's batteries. July 5, all the artillery marched on the right and parallel with the railroad to the Chattahoochee River, and was placed in position upon the north bank of the river in intrenched positions commanding the ferry near Vining's Station and the pontoon bridge captured from the enemy by Brigadier-General Hazen. July 7, by order of Major-General Howard, the range of the enemy's works and batteries was obtained from all the batteries of the corps, and at 8 p.m. opened fire from all the artillery of the corps for half an hour as a demonstration in favor of General Wood, who secured the rebel pontoon bridge the same night. July 9, at 12 m. Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery; Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, and Sixth Ohio Light Battery, silenced the enemy's batteries in General Wood's front. July 10, corps moved to Powers' Ferry, eight miles above Vining's Station; First Division crossed the Chattahoochee River; the artillery was placed in position near Powers' Ferry. July 12, Generals Wood's and Newton's divisions crossed the river, and all the artillery but Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, was placed in position. July 18, corps marched to Buck Head in the advance. One section of Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, in command of Lieutenant Burton, was engaged in three skirmishes, with credit to the lieutenant commanding. July 19, the Sixth Ohio Light Battery and Bridges' Battery Illinois Light Artillery, engaged the enemy upon the Atlanta and Buck Head road, driving a battery from two positions. At sundown Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, and Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, were placed in position on the left of the Atlanta and Buck Head road. July 20, the Fifth Indiana Battery was engaged on the Roswell and Atlanta road. Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, and Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, marched with the Second Division on the main Atlanta road, when that division was charged by the enemy. Both batteries acquitted themselves in the most prompt and creditable manner. July 21, by General Howard's order, Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, was placed in position one and a half miles to the right of the Fourth Army Corps, and played upon a column of the enemy then passing. July 22, the enemy having retired within his works immediately around the city, the corps advanced, and all the artillery was placed in position and intrenched. July 23, by order of Major-General Howard, the rifled batteries of the corps opened fire upon Atlanta at 2 p.m. Battery M, First Ohio Light Artillery, Captain Schultz, reported for duty. July 25, Major T W. Osborn, chief of artillery, reported for duty. July 26, the artillery was organized into an artillery brigade, in accordance with General Orders, No.-, July 18, headquarters Department of the Cumberland. July 28 and 29, the range and distance having been given each battery from actual survey, in accordance with orders received from Major-General Stanley, commanding Fourth Army Corps, the rifled batteries opened fire upon Atlanta. July 29, the following assignment of artillery officers was made: Major T. W. Osborn, First New York Light Artillery, as chief of artillery; Captain Lyman Bridges, Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, as assistant chief of artillery; Captain Theodore S. Thomasson, First Kentucky Light Battery, inspector of artillery. July 30, Major Osborn was relieved and I was appointed

