
chief of artillery of the corps. July 31, Battery M, First Ohio Light Artillery, was placed in position on General Newton's left front.

August 2, one section of the Fifth Indiana Light Battery was placed in position on line formerly held by General Schofield near the Howard house. Opened fire upon Atlanta by order of Major-General Stanley. August 3, the two remaining sections of the Fifth Indiana Light Battery were placed in position near the Howard house. August 5, by order of Major-General Stanley, all the batteries fired into Atlanta once every 15 minutes from meridian until sun-down. August 6, by order of Major-General Thomas, the batteries of the corps opened fire upon Atlanta at 4 p.m. August 10, the artillery in front of the Third Division was advanced to more commanding positions and thoroughly intrenched. August 13, in accordance with orders received from Brigadier-General Brannan, chief of artillery, Department of the Cumberland, all the artillery of the corps fired into Atlanta from 4 p.m. until daylight August 14. Signal stations having been established in front of each division the effect of the firing was seen, as nearly every shot was fired. August 25, the artillery of this command was withdrawn from the line between the Augusta railroad and Peach Tree Creek and placed in position near Proctor's Creek. August 26, all the artillery of the corps marched at 6 a.m. to Utoy Creek, except Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, reported to General Wood, and Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, reported to General Kimball, and marched with their divisions, covering the retiring from Proctor's Creek. August 27, the Sixth Ohio Light Battery and Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, marched with the advanced division (General Wood's) on Sandtown road, and took position on right of Mount Gilead Church. Battery M, First Ohio Light Artillery, was placed in position in General Kimball's front. August 28, Battery M, First Ohio Light Artillery, Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, and Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Light Battery, marched with advance to Red Oak. August 29, one section of Sixth Ohio Light Battery and one section of Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, marched with General Wood's division to Bacon, Ga., on the East Point and West Point Railroad, destroying the railroad. August 30, marched from Red Oak, on Jonesborough road, to Widow Long's house, some eight miles. All the artillery of the corps was placed in position. August 31, Battery M, First Ohio Light Artillery, was placed in position near Cobb's Mills, and opened fire upon the enemy, who fell back to the Macon railroad. All the artillery was placed in position near Cobb's Mills.

September 1, Battery M, First Ohio Light Artillery, Fifth Indiana Light Battery, and Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery, marched with First and Second Divisions on Macon railroad south, destroying the railroad within two miles of Jonesborough. At 4 p.m. Battery M, First Ohio Light Artillery, and one section of the Fifth Indiana Light Battery were placed in position on General Kimball's front, and advanced with his division, occupying several positions, punishing the enemy severely. September 2, the artillery marched through Jonesborough to near Lovejoy's Station, where the Sixth Ohio Light Battery, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Light Battery, Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, and Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery, were placed in position. September 3, Battery M, First Ohio Light Artillery, was placed in position one mile to the left of First Division front; one section of Bridge's Battery, Illinois Light

