
Artillery, and one section of the Sixth Ohio Light Battery, upon the advance line of the Third Division, three-fourths of a mile in advance of their former position. September 5, in accordance with orders received from Major-General Stanley, all the artillery of the corps was withdrawn from the front, and marched at sundown to a position two miles north of Jonesborough. September 7, marched at 3 a.m. to Rough and Ready, seven miles. September 8, command marched from Rough and Ready, arriving at the city of Atlanta at 12 m.

In conclusion, I have the honor to state that there has been no loss of guns, carriages, or material upon this campaign. The animals have been furnished with half forage a good portion of the time, and but for the indefatigable efforts of the division chiefs of artillery and battery commanders to procure forage from the country, and the timely reception of two small installments of artillery horses from Brigadier-General Brannan, chief of artillery, Department of the Cumberland, to replace those lost in action, our efforts in this particular might not have been as successful.

Captain Peter Simonson, Fifth Indiana Light Battery, chief of artillery, First Division, who lost his life while placing a battery in position was untiring in securing everything possible, and the best and most commanding positions for his command. Captain S. M. McDowell, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Light Battery, Captain Simonson's successor, was equally brave and energetic, and lost his life at his guns upon the morning of June 27, in the terrible charge upon the enemy's works at Kenesaw Mountain. Lieutenant O. H. P. Ayres, commanding Sixth Ohio Light Battery, who was killed while reconnoitering in front of his position July 6, was a valuable officer, and lost his life while endeavoring to obtain all the information possible bearing upon his position. Captain Theodore S. Thomasson, First Kentucky Light Battery, succeeded Captain McDowell as chief of artillery of First Division, June 27, and has proved a valuable and thorough officer. Captain C. C. Aleshire, Eighteenth Ohio Light Battery, chief of artillery, Second Division, was relieved by Captain W. F. Goodspeed June-ultimo, who, while in command of the artillery at Peach Tree Creek, July 20 ultimo, placed the two batteries of his command and one battery of the Twentieth Army Corps in position, and repulsed the enemy in his attempt to turn the flank of the Second Division. Captain Cullen Bradley, Sixth Ohio Light Battery, chief of artillery. Third Division, also procured all supplies possible for his command, and discharged his duties as chief of artillery to the entire satisfaction of his commanding general, until the organization of the Artillery Brigade, when he returned to the command of his battery. To Captain T. S. Thomasson, First Kentucky Light Battery, inspector and assistant chief of artillery, and Lieutenant L. D. Immell, Battery G, First Missouri Light Artillery, acting assistant adjutant-general of this brigade, I have the honor to acknowledge repeated and timely assistance in the discharge of their respective duties.

The organization of the Artillery Brigade has been an era for good in this corps; although organized upon an active campaign good results have already resulted. The batteries can be more promptly equipped and supplied, all unnecessary marches avoided, the labor equally distributed, and all the artillery of the corps used to advantage. The animals of the batteries are in much better condition than when the brigade was organized.

