
Annexed are the reports of the several battery commanders of the part taken by their commands during the campaign.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LYMAN BRIDGES,

Captain Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery,

Chief of Artillery, Fourth Army Corps, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 79.

Report of Captain Peter Simonson, Fifth Indiana Battery, Chief of Artillery, First Division, of operations May 3-June 9.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near

------

, Ga., June 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the batteries of my command from May 3 up to the present date:

The batteries marched with the division by Red Clay Catoosa Springs, to Tunnel Hill, upon which the enemy appeared to be posted in considerable force. To drive the enemy from this position a strong demonstration by our troops was made, and will whom I sent four guns of the Fifth Indiana Battery, while the real attack was made by securing a lodgment for a brigade and two guns from the same battery. This section advanced down the ridge with the brigade, and assisted in the movement by firing about fifteen rounds of ammunition. On the following day (the 8th ultimo) the Fifth Indiana Battery was engaged in shelling a line of rifle-pits upon a small ridge in front of Rocky Face Ridge, which the troops of Davis' division charged immediately afterward and took without loss. During the remainder of the operations in front of Rocky Face Ridge and the pursuit of Johnston to Resaca both batteries were more or less engaged daily. On Saturday, the 14th, after our line had advanced to within a short distance of the enemy's works, a section of Battery B, Pennsylvania Volunteer Artillery, was placed in position in front of a 4-gun rebel battery and a hill to the left occupied by the enemy's infantry. The section only fired a few rounds, as they were entirely unprotected, while all the troops of the enemy were under cover. General Stanley, receiving information that the enemy was massing his troops on our left, directed that both batteries should be placed in good positions, facing to the left, to check the enemy in case of our troops being repulsed. He designated to me a particular spot which the Fifth Indiana Battery should occupy. Shortly afterward the left flank of the division was turned. I ordered the Fifth Indiana to open fire on the enemy, who were advancing in heavy force out of a thick woods, about 800 yards in front, which did not immediately check them as they advanced up the fields, driving our infantry back to and part of it in the rear of the battery, thus leaving the field clear in front and the enemy only about 400 yards distant. A very rapid fire of canister was opened on the advancing foe, which quickly cleared the

