
field, the greater portion of the enemy's troops going into the woods toward our left. The piece were immediately turned by hand to the left, and spherical case and shell were used, canister being held in readiness in case they gained the hill on our immediate left. They soon appeared on this hill and opened with a heavy volley of musketry, shooting at least twenty feet above the battery. The regiments which were upon the right and left of the battery seeing themselves flanked by a heavy force, immediately withdrew. The distance to the top of the hill was 150 yards. The men themselves, without particular orders, double-shotted the pieces with canister, and maintained the most rapid firing possible. Some few of the rebels reached the road at the foot of the hill, within fifty yards of the battery, but the main body appeared to be greatly disconcerted by the firing, and although their officers could be seen and heard trying to urge them forward, they very quickly put the hill between themselves and the pieces. They made one more endeavor to get over the hill more to our left, but were met in this attack at first by the fire of the battery with canister, and as they turned, by a volley, from Robinson's brigade, of Williams' division, of General Hooker's corps, and who immediately charged and drove them clear over the hill out of sight in great confusion. On the following day (Sunday, the 15th) Battery B was placed in position within 400 yards of the enemy's rifle-pits, and partially enfilading them, where a constant fire of canister, spherical case, and shell was kept up. The Fifth Indiana was placed to the left of the other, and so as to make a cross-fire. From appearances the next day, it is believed that the fire of the batteries was very embarrassing to the enemy. During the night a feint of an attack was made by the enemy, during which both batteries opened fire again. The batteries advanced after the battle with the division until it arrived near Cassville, where the enemy showed themselves in considerable force. The batteries were placed in position at the edge of a large field in which the enemy was posted. Both batteries fired at the enemy's lines in this position for about an hour, when they advanced in line with the division to the front of the enemy's works behind Cassville, where Battery B, being placed in a good position, opened heavily on the enemy, cross-firing with some of General Hooker's batteries that had come in from another direction. The batteries without further engagement a advanced with the corps to our line of battle in front of the enemy at New Hope Church. B was first placed in position by being sunk within about 300 yards of the enemy's works. This position was so close to the enemy as to be very hot, which probably accounts for the large amount of ammunition used at this place. The enemy made several feints of attacks on this battery, which caused a large amount of canister to be used. The Fifth Indiana on the following day was placed in the line in Grose's brigade, at a point about 350 yards from the enemy's breast-works. Some firing was done in this position during this day. On the following day Spencer's battery, of the Second Division, was ordered to report to me, and was placed in the position previously occupied by Bridges' (Illinois) Battery. The works of the battery were deepened and strengthened, when an endeavor was made to obtain a cross-fire by using it and the Fifth Indiana Battery upon a part of the enemy's works, which was enfiladed by the fire of this battery. This instantly caused a number of pieces of the enemy to concentrate their fire on Spencer, who answered in so effectual a

