
manner as to cause the enemy's guns to cease firing, after which both batteries proceeded without interruption with the original intention, in which they disturbed the enemy greatly. Battery B had in the mean time relieved the Sixth Ohio Battery, but was not used in that position. After the withdrawal of the enemy the batteries were marched to their present encampments.

The officers and men of the command have all behaved well throughout the campaign. I did not see and have not heard of a single straggler or a skulker from either battery, and do not think there was one. Lieutenant A. Morrison deserves special mention for conspicuous gallantry upon all occasions, and especially for the great service which he did with his command at Resaca on the evening of the 14th ultimo. Captain McDowell handless his battery well, and proved himself a good soldier on more than one occasion during this campaign. Lieutenant G. H. Briggs, of the Fifth Indiana, fully sustained his former reputation for coolness and courage and accuracy of firing. To Captain Spencer and his battery I am greatly indebted for their gallantry and pertinacity under rather trying circumstances, and I desire to draw particular attention to the services which he rendered, as he was out of his own division.

The ammunition which we drew after our first supply was exhausted was execrable. Many of the cartridges had been wet; the powder in many of the shell and spherical case was so hard that we were unable to get it out. No attention appears to have been paid to putting rubber gaskets under the Bormann fuse, and many of them exploded prematurely. The batteries were ordered not to receive any ammunition unless it was good or could be made so. Over 400 rounds were refused as worthless.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER SIMONSON,

Captain and Chief of Artillery, First Div., 4th Army Corps.

Captain LYMAN BRIDGES,

Acting Chief of Artillery, Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 80.

Report of Captain George W. Spencer, Battery M, First Illinois Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY M, FIRST ILLINOIS LIGHT ARTY.,Camp in the Field, near Rough and Ready, Ga.,

September 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my battery in the recent campaign known as General Sherman's great campaign in Georgia:

The battery marched from Cleveland, Tenn., May 3, 1864; arrived at Rocky Face Ridge, Ga., was engaged May 9 and 10 in dislodging the enemy; put one section on top of Rocky Face Ridge; opened on the enemy from this position; kept up a scattering fire for two days. May 14 and 15, engaged the enemy at Resaca, silencing their batteries. May 27, was in action at Dallas Grove, Ga.; engaged one of the enemy's batteries; had a pretty lively engagement, but finally succeeded in silencing their battery.

