
from a battery from the works, but, with the assistance of Captain McDowell, succeeded in silencing them in a short time; fired this day 263 rounds; had 2 men slightly wounded; moved about 500 yards to the rear; went into camp; remained over night. June 20, I advanced my battery about half a mile to the front, with Captain Goodspeed, of Battery A, First Ohio. We relieved General Harker's front with works partially completed. Opened fire, by order of General Newton, about 4 p.m. The enemy replied vigorously from three batteries-one in front, one on the right, and one on the left. We found that Captain Goodspeed could not reach the battery on the right, consequently we changed position under their fire, and shortly silenced their batteries. This action lasted from one to two hours. I lost 9 horses killed and 2 men slightly wounded. I fired 375 rounds. Was relieved about 8 p.m. by Battery I, First Ohio, and returned to my old camp in the rear, with my division. On the morning of the 21st I moved in rear of General Harker's brigade, of our division, about one and a half miles to the right; went into park near the hospital of the Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps, remaining here about two hours; was then ordered into position on a hill to the front and left of the hospital; opened on one of the enemy's batteries in front of General Wood's division, but did not get any reply. I then turned my battery on the enemy's skirmish line in my immediate front; drove them from their works, after which General Wood advanced his line across an open field and took possession of their works, without losing any men. I remained about two hours in this position, then moved about 500 yards to the front; went into position near a house; remained there a short time; moved about 300 yards to the front and right; opened on the enemy; don't know how much we injured them as their lines were in the woods; had 2 men wounded; fired 103 rounds. 22d, moved about fifty yards to the left in an open field in rear of the fortifications; opened on the enemy; fired seventy-two rounds. 23d, opened from the same position; fired 164 rounds; lay in the same position for three or four days. On the morning of the 26th had 1 man killed by one of the enemy's sharpshooters. On the morning of the 27th moved about one mile to the right; went into park in an open field in rear of General Davis' division, Fourteenth Army Corps; remained in this position until the p.m. of the 28th, when I was moved about 500 yards to the left and rear, by order Captain Goodspeed, chief of artillery, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, and put into camp, remaining in camp until the morning of the 30th, when I was moved by Captain Goodspeed about 100 yards to the front and put in position, relieving Battery A, First Ohio Artillery.

July 1, remained in same position occupied June 30; fired sixteen rounds without getting any reply from the enemy. July 2, remained in same position; fired forty-one rounds; enemy did not reply; moved position in the evening about 1,000 yards to the left; took position on a hill; relieved one of General Wood's batteries; remained over night, doing no firing from this position. July 3, the enemy having evacuated during the night, marched in rear of the division through Marietta, Ga., and camped three miles southeast of that point on line of railroad at the left of track. July 4, moved about 1,000 yards to the front; went into position near a long house; remained in this position until noon; moved about 1,200 yards to the right; took position on General Stanley's front, by order Captain

