
Bridges, chief of artillery, Fourth Army Corps; remained in this position about three hours; was relieved and moved back to my division; had 1 man slightly wounded; moved into position on General Wagner's front; did not firing. July 5, the enemy having evacuated during the night, marched at 6 a.m. in rear of division eight miles to Chattahoochee River; went into a position on a ridge near the river, commanding pontoon bridge. July 6, threw up works in front of the guns during the night; remained in same position as that of the 5th; fired four rounds without getting any reply from the enemy. July 7, remained in same position, everything quiet; opened on the enemy at 8 p.m., by order of Captain Bridges, chief of artillery, Fourth Army Corps; fired seventy-seven rounds; got no reply from the enemy. July 8, lay quietly in camp; no firing on either side. July 9, remained in same position; opened on enemy's battery at 2 p.m., which was in position in our immediate front; fired sixteen rounds; could not tell what effect our shot had on the enemy, as their battery was stationed in the woods. July 10, remained in same position; all quiet in front. July 11, remained in position quietly without doing any firing; all quiet in front of our position. July 12, remained in same position. July 13, left camp at 4 a.m.; marched about two miles to the left, joined our division, went into park, and remained about two hours; marched in rear of division about one mile to the left; crossed the Chattahoochee River; marched about two miles to the left; went into position on the right of the division about 12 m.; built works for four guns; did not firing; remained in same position over night. Remained in this position until July 18; marched at 5 a.m. in rear of General Wagner's brigade about two miles, when I was ordered to the front; engaged one of the enemy's batteries at Nancy's Creek; fired a few rounds and drove the enemy from their position; moved about one mile; went into position at a church; engaged one of the enemy's batteries; drove them from their position; moved on to Buck Head; remained over night. July 19, moved position about 100 yards to the front and left; commenced putting up works; remained in position until about 4 p.m., then marched two miles to the front on the Atlanta road; went into camp about 9 p.m. July 20, moved from camp at 5 a.m., and went about 1,000 yards to the right and went into position and built works; remained in position until 2 p.m.; moved across Peach Tree Creek; went into position on the left of the division; opened fire on the enemy, who were charging across the field; fired 260 rounds and drove the enemy back; about 5 p.m. moved one section about 2,000 yards to the left; remained in same position over night. July 22, marched at about 9 a.m. in rear of our division about two miles to the front, where we came upon the enemy in their works; went into position on the left of the division; remained in this position but a few moments; moved from this to the right of the division, by order of General Newton; took position on the right of Colonel Bradley's brigade; built works and remained in this position over night; no casualties, although we lay under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery. Remained in this position without doing any firing until July 27; opened fire on the enemy by order of General Newton. July 28, opened fire on Atlanta by order of Captain Bridges. July 29, opened fire on Atlanta by order of Captain Bridges, firing one shot a minute during the day; remained in same position until August 9, firing occasionally on the city, without any particular results; remained in same position until August 25, shelling the city occasionally.

