
August 25, marched at 1 p.m. with Artillery Brigade about five miles to the right and went into camp. August 26, marched at 9 a.m. about six miles across the Euharlee [Utoy] Creek; went into position on the line, remaining over night. August 27, broke camp at 9 a.m.; marched to Mount Gilead Church; went into camp about 4 p.m. August 28, marched with the Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, about six miles on line of railroad south; got into camp about 10 p.m. August 29, marched with division; did no firing. August 30, marched with Artillery Brigade. August 31, marched with Second Division, Fourth Army Corps.

September 1, marched with Artillery Brigade and encamped with same. September 2, marched with Artillery Brigade; went into position about 4 p.m. in rear of General Newton's line, firing thirty-six rounds at the enemy's works. September 3, remained in same position, firing 162 rounds into the enemy's works. September 5, left position about 6 p.m.; fell back as far as Jonesborough, Ga. September 6, marched with Artillery Brigade about one mile; went into camp, remaining until the morning of the 7th. Marched at day-light with Artillery Brigade about nine miles, and encamped within eight miles of Atlanta.

Casualties.* Expenditures of ammunition during the campaign (since May 3, 1864), 4,784 rounds.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. SPENCER,

Captain Commanding Battery M, First Illinois Artillery.

Captain LYMAN BRIDGES,

Chief of Artillery, Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 81.

Report of Lieutenant Lyman A. White, Bridges' (Illinois) Battery.
HDQRS. BRIDGES' BATTERY, ILLINOIS LIGHT ARTY.,Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: Pursuant to general orders giving regulations for the artillery of the Military Division of the Mississippi, I have the honor to report the part taken by Bridges' Battery, Illinois Light Artillery, in the campaign of Major-General Sherman for the possession of Atlanta, Ga.

On the 5th day of May the battery, consisting of six rifled ordnance guns, with a full complement of men, commanded by Captain Lyman Bridges, was placed in position in line of battle near Ringgold by Captain C. Bradley, chief of artillery, Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, where it remained until the morning of the 7th, when the grand army of the Military Division of the Mississippi unitedly confronted the traitors. Tunnel Hill was reached on the evening of the same day, from which time the battery was kept in park until the morning of the 10th, when, at 9 a.m., by the order of General Wood, it was placed in position in the valley between Tunnel Hill and Rocky Face, and shelled the ridge steadily for four hours, scattering a column of infantry and silencing a rebel battery, which opened from the top of the ridge upon the infantry camps in the valley. After

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed and 9 wounded.

---------------

