
dark on the evening of the 11th the battery was placed in a commanding position on Tunnel Hill by division chief of artillery,and intrenched itself during the night. From this point shells were thrown upon the ridge and into the gaps during the forenoon of the 12th. At 11 a.m. two sections of the battery, Captain Bridges commanding went to aid in protecting the left which was threatened by the enemy's cavalry. Returning at dark, the battery was in readiness to take up line of march with the Fourth Corps on the 13th, after the retreat of the rebel army from Buzzard Gap and Dalton on the night of the 12th. Arriving before Resaca about 10 a.m., the battery was ordered forward from column into position on double-quick, by Major-General Howard, to cover the advancing line of infantry, and in the three positions in which the battery was placed during the day by division chief of artillery; the object was more for protection than aggressive operations. At night-fall the battery intrenched itself nearly opposite the center of line of the Fourth Corps, where it remained until the morning succeeding the evacuation of Resaca by the rebels, when line of march was again taken up with the advancing army. The battery was next engaged with the enemy before Adairsville on the 17th instant at 5 p.m., by the order of Brigadier-General Wood. On the 18th the battery bore an important part in breaking and dispersing the rebel lines in front of Cassville, Ga. At 6 p.m. General Howard brought this battery with raking effect upon the flank of the rebel lines occupying Cassville while their front was to the left meeting the attack of General Hooker's command. On the 22nd instant Captain Bridges received orders to report to Major-General Howard as acting chief of artillery, and the command. On the 22nd instant Captain Bridges received orders to report to Major-General Howard as acting chief of artillery, and the command of the company devolved upon senior First Lieutenant Morris D. Temple. The line of march was again taken up at 12 m. of the 23rd and proceeded without events of importance until 6 p.m. of the 26th instant, when it was ordered by corps chief of artillery from near Pumpkin Vine Creek to a commanding position near Dallas, behind works constructed by pioneers. Eighteen hundred yards in our front was a heavy line of rebel works in which were three batteries. With two of these we were fiercely engaged on the 27th instant. One of the rebel batteries was silenced, notwithstanding our works had been so poorly constructed as to have been entirely torn to pieces and demolished by the shot and shell from the enemy's guns. These were at once fitted up and embrasures put in by the company. On the 28th and 29th and 30th instant the battery was more or less engaged with good effect. On the evening of the 30th it was relieved and placed in camp by order of Captain Bridges. The casualties during this engagement were Privates George Scott, Michael Crawley and James Lindsay, wounded slightly; Isaac Houghtaling and Caleb B. Beers, wounded severely by musket-balls. Four horses were killed, 2 wounded, and 2 caisson wheels disabled. Every effort was required to save men from the enemy's sharpshooters, for they were active and well posted.

On the 8th of June, while foraging, Corpl. George S. Brown and Private John Hannifer, with Privates Elias Collingwood, detailed from the Sixth Ohio Battery, and William Tandy, of the Fifteenth Ohio Infantry, were captured by a band of the enemy's cavalry. On the 8th instant, when in camp at Morris' Hill Church, near Acworth, Lieutenants Morris D. Temple and William R. Bise, and twenty-eight enlisted men received orders to proceed to Chicago, Ill., to be mus-

