
tered out of service by virtue of term of enlistment about to expire, leaving the battery in command of junior First Lieutenant Lyman A. White. On account of the heavy rain the roads were extremely muddy, which, with very short forage, made the march, from near Dallas to the position taken in front of Kenesaw Mountain, very wearing upon our animals. During the 17th and 18th the battery was actively engaged in several positions. The section commanded by Sergt. Luman C. Lawrence rendered most efficient service from accuracy of fire, effectually silencing a rebel battery and line of skirmishers. The battery was ordered into three positions on the 19th instant, shelling the rebel lines around the base and on the side of the Kenesaw Mountain. Several shells were exploded upon its top. At 9 a.m. on the morning of the 20th one section, under command of Sergt. Clark E. Dodge, was placed, by the order of General Howard, in a much advanced and exposed position. The entire battery was placed by sections in commanding positions by order of corps chief of artillery, and was actively engaged with the enemy's artillery and shelling the rebel works more or less every day until the evening of July 3, when the battery was assigned to a new position to the left and near the south terminus of the mountain. In a fierce duel with the enemy's artillery on the afternoon of June 21 senior Second Lieutenant Franklin Seeborn was severely wounded in the foot; Private Minford S. Clark was wounded in the right hand. In these engagements 2 horses were killed and 1 severely wounded. On the 22nd of June one gun was struck by a 12-pounder shot and disabled. The battery had part in no important engagements from this time until July 6, when it was placed in a good position on the right bank of the Chattahoochee River, commanding a rebel battery and covering a pontoon bridge, which the enemy made several unsuccessful attempts to remove. On the 9th instant Private Johnson R. Hathaway was killed by a musket-ball. The battery crossed the Chattahoochee River with the entire Fourth Corps to the left of our line on the 12th instant, took position in line of battle near the river, and remained without important engagements until the 18th. On the 19th at 6 a.m. the battery was ordered by General Howard, into position near Peach Tree Creek. The battery during this days engagements occupied several positions by sections. During the afternoon the section commanded by Sergt. Clark E. Dodge was especially complimented by Major-General Thomas for its good shots. They were made by gunners Corpl. William Hall and Corpl. John Merriam. On July 21 the battery was placed in a commanding position by division chief of artillery to bear upon the outer line of rebel works around Atlanta; were successful in silencing a very troublesome line of rebel skirmishers and in badly shattering their works.

July 22, at 11 a.m. took position, by order of Captain Bradley, in the line before Atlanta, 20 degrees east of north from the city, and at 3 p.m. commenced shelling the rebel works in good earnest. Commencing at 6 p.m. on the evening of the 23d, a constant fire upon the city was kept up for twenty-six hours, sending one shot every three minutes during the first twelve hours, and for the remainder of the time one shot every five minutes. The battery was engaged during a part of nearly every day until the 12th of August, when it was assigned a new and more commanding position. Occasional firing was kept up until the 25th instant, when the battery joined the

