
and 19th, passing through Adairsville and Kingston, and went into camp on the 20th near Cassville, Ga., where I remained resting three days. I resumed the march with the division May 23, 24, and 25, moving toward Dallas, Ga. On the afternoon of May 26 I crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek and placed one section of my battery in position on the front line of General Wagner's brigade. This section was relieved on the afternoon of the 27th by a section of Battery M, First Illinois Artillery. At 11 p.m. of the same day my battery relieved Captain McDowell's (Pennsylvania) battery, which was posted with General Kimball's brigade within 150 yards of the enemy's works. I improved and strengthened the works in which my battery was placed during the two days and nights following. I fired spherical case and canister whenever the enemy made any demonstration in my front while I remained in these works. On the 31st of May I had 1 man wounded severely. The evening of June 1 one section was sent to General Wagner's brigade. June 3, I had 1 man wounded severely:

On the night of June 4 my battery was relieved by a battery of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and I withdrew to the rear, by direction of Captain Aleshire, chief of artillery. I had been nine successive days on the line. The fuses of the spherical case and shell that I used were nearly worthless, and not one in twenty would explode. I moved with the division June 6 and 7, and went into camp near Morris' Hill Church, where I remained during June 7, 8, and 9. I marched with the division on the 10th toward Lost Mountain, but remained in reserve until the 15th, when I was ordered into position about one mile from Pine Mountain, with General Wagner's brigade as support. I fired twenty-four rounds of solid shot without eliciting any reply from the enemy, whose works could not be seen. In the evening I moved my battery 600 yards directly to the front, by order of chief of artillery, Second Division, and occupied some works that had been thrown up by pioneers, within 500 yards of the enemy. I improved and strengthened the works that night, and next morning, the enemy having evacuated his line, I proceeded on the 17th with my division to the new line, just inside the enemy's former line, and nearly at right angles with it, being supported by Brigadier-General Wood's division. I fired about 175 rounds of shot and shell by volleys from 4 o'clock to 6 p.m. June 18, I advanced my battery 800 yards, and occupied some slight works. Fired at intervals during the day 457 rounds, but could not see the effect of the shot. On the 19th of June, the enemy having again fallen back, I moved forward to near the foot of Kenesaw Mountain, firing at different points as opportunity offered. I rested at night in position on the left of the main road near an old cotton press. On the afternoon of the 20th, I advanced half a mile to the front and occupied some slight works, with General Harker's brigade for support. I opened fire, by order of General Newton, about 3 o'clock, simultaneously with Captain Spencer, of Battery M, First Illinois Artillery. The enemy replied vigorously from a battery in front and another situated obliquely to the right; the action continued about an hour, and the enemy ceased firing first. I fired about 275 rounds; had 1 man wounded seriously. In the evening, about 8 o'clock, I was relieved by a battery of the Fourteenth Army Corps, and withdrew to the cotton press and rested during the night. I moved on the morning of the 21st to the right, and with the division relieved the Second Division, Twentieth Army Corps. I placed one section on the line,

