
and in the evening my whole battery was placed in position near General Howard's headquarters. I had 1 man wounded that day. The next day (22d) I was put in position, with General Wagner's brigade as support, and fired sixty rounds; had 1 man wounded. On the 23rd I moved three-quarters of a mile to the right and opened fire on the enemy's works, supported by General Stanley's division. I fired seventy-five rounds; had 1 man killed. Remained in this position, firing as occasion required, until June 30, when I moved four pieces half a mile to the left on the line.

On the 2nd of July I moved the battery half a mile to the left and relieved Battery I, First Ohio Light Artillery. On the morning of July 3, the enemy having evacuated, I moved with the division through Marietta and went into camp about four miles from that place. On July 4 took up position on General Newton's line, but did no firing. On July 5 I moved to the Chattahoochee River and took a position, by command of Captain Bridges, on a hill commanding the crossing near that point and the enemy's pontoon. Remained in this position, firing occasionally, until the 9th, when I marched with General Newton to Roswell, where I remained until the 12th, when I returned to Brown's Ferry. July 13, I crossed the Chattahoochee River and put four guns in position on General Newton's line. On the 18th I moved with the division to Buck Head, and was placed on General Newton's left. On the 19th I marched with General Newton from Buck Head to Peach Tree Creek, and placed my guns in position near the bridge on the Marietta road. On the 20th I moved the battery across Peach Tree Creek, and placed four guns on General Newton's line, between General Kimball's and Colonel Blake's brigades, holding one section in reserve. About 3 o'clock the enemy charged our lines and passed around our left. I put the reserve section in position fronting to our left, and, with the assistance of Captain Spencer, First Illinois Artillery, and Captain Smith, First Michigan Artillery, succeeded in repulsing the enemy in that quarter. The four guns on General Kimball's line also assisted in checking the enemy's charge in their front. On the 22nd of July I moved to a position on General Newton's line, within two miles of Atlanta. I remained with General Newton's division, with slight changes of position on the line, and firing occasionally, until July 31, when four pieces were relieved and went into camp one mile in the rear of the lines. One section remained near the right of Second Division, Fourth Army Corps.

On the 25th of August I marched with the Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps, to the west of Atlanta, and went into camp near works formerly occupied by the Sixteenth Army Corps.

August 26, four guns of my battery were held as rear guard, with General Kimball's division. From this time until the 31st I marched with the Artillery Brigade, when I was ordered into position on General Newton's line. I remained with his division during the day.

September 1, I marched with General Wagner's brigade near the Macon and Western Railroad, and camped two miles north of Jonesborough. September 2, I marched with the Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps, through Jonesborough, and took position four miles south of this place, and remained there until the 5th. On the afternoon of the 3rd one section was sent to the front line, and fired 109 rounds, and then returned to the original position. At dark on the evening of the 5th, I withdrew my pieces, having previously sent

