
my caissons to the rear, by order of chief of artillery, Fourth Army Corps, and marched to the camp of the Artillery Brigade, north of Jonesborough. I have continued marching with the Artillery Brigade, Fourth Army Corps, including the remaining time up to date, without further action.

I believe the foregoing report includes the principal action sin which my battery has been engaged during the campaign.

To Lieutenants Charles W. Scovill, Henry C. Grant, and Albert Reigler, of my battery, I tender my thanks for their willing support and bravery displayed on the fields of battle. While I was acting as chief of artillery, Second Division, Fourth Army Corps, Lieutenant Scovill had command of the battery.

To the enlisted men of my command I also tender my thanks. I have nothing to say in regard to any one man distinguishing himself. All of my men have performed their duty as good soldiers and brave men. The following is a list of killed and wounded men of my battery during the campaign.

The following is a statement of ammunition expended: Solid shot, 1,237; shell, 362; spherical case, 1,343; canister, 134; total, 3,076.

I remain, yours,

W. F. GOODSPEED,

Captain, Commanding Battery A, First Ohio Light Artillery.

Lieutenant L. D. IMMELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 84.

Report of Captain Federick Schultz, Battery M, First Ohio Light Artillery, of operations July 24-September 8.
HDQRS. BATTERY M, FIRST OHIO VOL. LIGHT ARTY.,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions, I have the honor to submit the following as a report of the operations of this battery from the 24th day of June, 1864, to the present day:

On the 25th day of June, 1864, this battery, in compliance with orders from department headquarters, commenced its march from Nashville, Tenn., to the front, arriving at Peach Tree Creek on the 21st of July, and reporting to Brigadier-General Brannan, chief of artillery, Department of the Cumberland, for orders.

On July 22 battery was assigned to Fourth Army Corps, and was put in position on its front near Atlanta, and remained in position until August 25, when was ordered to withdraw from the front lines and prepare for a rapid march.

On August 27 ordered to report to Brigadier-General Kimball, commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps moved into position with the division and threw up works. On next morning moved with the division about four miles, and again went into position and remained during the rest of the day and night. On morning of the 29th were busily engaged throwing up works; put battery into position, and remained until next morning (30th), when was ordered to march with First Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men killed and 11 wounded.

---------------

