
Corps. Marched all day and arrived in camp after dark. On morning of 31st battery moved with the First Division, Fourth Army corps, and about 10 a. m. discovered the enemy. Battery put in position, and after firing a few rounds ceased. No response from the enemy. About 1 p. m. moved into the enemy's works. Went into camp about a mile and a half west of the Macon railroad.

On September 1 moved with the division along the railroad till near Jonesborough, where battery was placed in position abut half a mile to the left of railroad, and on a rise of ground. Succeeded in silencing the enemy's artillery. On the morning of the 2nd moved into Jonesborough; then marched with the Artillery Brigade along the railroad to an open field on left of railroad, and near Major-General Thomas's headquarters; went into camp for the night. On morning of 3rd battery ordered to take position on a rise of ground on the left of First Division, Fourth Corps, and in plain view of the enemy's works, distance about 600 yards; opened entire battery on enemy with very good effect, but was seriously annoyed by their sharpshooters. Battery remained in position and kept up a constant fire on enemy's works for three days, losing 1 man killed and 2 wounded. At sundown on the 5th was ordered to withdraw, and marched all night with Artillery Brigade, and went into camp north of Jonesborough about three miles. On the 6th battery moved with Artillery Brigade about half a mile and went into camp, where it remained until the morning of the 7th. List of casualties during the campaign:*

The battery left Nashville, Tenn., with 4 commissioned officers and 142 enlisted men for duty, 110 horses, and 6 light 12-pounder guns.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SCHULTZ,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Captain LYMAN BRIDGES,

Chief of Artillery, Fourth Army Corps.

Numbers 85.

Report of Captain Cullen Bradley, Sixth Ohio Battery.

SIXTH OHIO BATTERY, ARTY. Brigadier, 4TH ARMY CORPS,

Camp near Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor herewith to present a synopsis of the part taken by the Sixth Ohio Independent Light Battery, during the campaign in Georgia, under Major General W. T. sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, commencing on the 3rd day of May, 1864, at McDonald's Station, Tenn., and ending on the 5th day of September, 1864, on Macon and Atlanta Railroad, at or near Lovejoy's Station, Ga. I would remark that it is almost impossible to give a minute report. The unusual length of time consumed in making the campaign (a little over four months) precludes the idea. I would also state the battery has been commanded by three different officers during the campaign, viz, first, by First Lieutenant O. H. P. Ayres, who commanded until June 1, 1864; second, by First Lieutenant L. D. Immell, Battery G, First Regiment Missouri Volunteer

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed, 5 wounded, and 2 missing; total 8.

---------------

