
August 10, erected temporary furnace for heating shot and threw six shot into the city, also four shell filled with port fire. August 25, left camp at 10 p. m.; consumed two days in marching to Camp Creek, Ga., where we engaged the enemy on the 27th, expending 8 shot, 6 shell, 7 case; total, 21 rounds. Left camp on the 28th at 6.30 a. m.; consumed six days in marching to the Montgomery railroad, where we again engaged the enemy, expending 2 shot. September 3, expended 30 shot, 17 shell, 39 case, 3 canister; total, 89 rounds. September 4, right section moved out on main line near Lovejoy's Station, Ga.; expended 23 shot, 6 shell, 4 case, 28 canister; total, 61 rounds. 5th, expended 5 shell, 3 case; total, 8 rounds. In noting the different times the battery has ben engaged or fired no mention is made of the results, simply because it was not known. All the firing done has been at the enemy's batteries or main lines. When at their batteries they have been silenced by a few rounds. During the campaign our firing has been mostly behind works. All firing has been done by order of chief of artillery of the corps or general commanding division or army.

Recapitulation: Killed, enlisted men, 2; horses, 1. Wounded, commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 5. Ammunition expended, total number of rounds, 4,412.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CULLEN BRADLEY,

Captain Sixth Ohio Battery, Commanding.

Lieutenant L. D. IMMELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Arty. Brigadier, 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 86.

Report of Captain Jacob Ziegler, Battery B, Pennsylvania Light Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY B, INDPT. ARTY., PA. VET. VOLS.,September 7, 1864.

The battery left Blue Springs, Tenn., on the 3rd of May, 1864, under command of the late Captain S. M. McDowell. Was attached to First Division, Fourth Army Corps, Department of the Cumberland. Has been engaged at Tunnel Hill, Rocky Face Ridge, Resaca, Kingston, Cassville, New Hope Church, and Kenesaw Mountain, where Captain S. M. McDowell was killed while performing his duty. Since then the battery was commanded by Captain Jacob Ziegler, and has been engaged on the 4th of July, 1864, near chattahoochee River, Ga. Rebels evacuated the same night and we followed them up to Chattahoochee River, where we took position, crossed the river, and had several engagements, until we came up to front of Atlanta. Left the front of Atlanta on the 25th day of August, 1864, and marched toward the Macon railroad. The casualties during the campaign have been:+ Horses killed and disabled, 22.

J. ZIEGLER,

Captain Battery B, Independent Pennsylvania Vet. Vols.

Captain LYMAN BRIDGES,

Chief of Artillery, Fourth Army Corps.

---------------

*Daily details omitted. Total rounds expended, 1,950.

+Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 killed and 13 wounded.

---------------

