
Numbers 87.

Report of Major General John M. Palmer, U. S. Army, commanding Fourteenth Army Corps, of operations May 30, and itinerary of the corps, May 6-September 8.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, may 30, 1864-11.40 p. m.

GENERAL: Between 5 o'clock and dark this afternoon the enemy attacked Carlin's picket-line and drove back a portion of it. As an affair of skirmishers it was very warm and the men on both sides very persistent. Our loss is probably 6 killed and 14 to 20 wounded; our men say the enemy's much larger. We recovered and now hold the ground in dispute. A prisoner was taken from Stewart's division, of Hood's corps, during the fight. Carlin reports just now that he detects the enemy engaged in preparing for the use of artillery at two points on his front. He thinks he hears the hum and suppressed noises which usually attend the secret movement of large bodies of troops, and as a consequence anticipates an attack to-night or early to-morrow. In my opinion, assuming an intention on the part of the enemy to attack, Schofield's position on the hill (that lately occupied by Stoneman) is the true object of their movement. That once firmly in their possession the positions of King and Carlin are at their mercy. Unless the arrangements for its defense have been improved since 6 o'clock this afternoon it will not be held against a strong attack. I have addressed a note to General Schofield on the subject, which goes out with this.

Very respectfully,

JOHN M. PALMER,

Major-General.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Cumberland.

Itinerary of the Fourteenth Army Corps, May 6-September 8.*

May 6.-Preparatory to the general advance against the enemy the corps was concentrated at Stone Church, three miles south of Ringgold, Ga.

May 7.-Advanced to Tunnell Hill, encountering the enemy's cavalry, which was driven back by the Second Division, in advance on the direct road.

May 8 to 11, inclusive.-Engaged in movements against the enemy in the attempt to dislodge him from Rocky Face Ridge; had severe skirmishing during this time.

May 12.-Withdrew and moved during the day to Snake Creek Gap to the support of the Army of the Tennessee.

May 14 and 15.-participated in the battle of Resaca.

May 16.-The Second Division moved, in compliance with orders, for Rome; encamped fifteen miles on the road.

May 17.-Moved forward, and when near Rome, in the afternoon, was fiercely attacked by the enemy, which attack was quickly repulsed by the third and a portion of the Second Brigades, in position

---------------

*From monthly returns. The corps was commanded by Major General John M. Palmer to August 6; Brigadier General Richard W. Johnson to August 22, and Bvt. Major General Jefferson C. Davis to September 8.

---------------

