
1,002. Third Division-commissioned officers, 2 killed and 6 wounded; enlisted men, 33 killed and 182 wounded; total in Third Division, 223.

July 1 and 2.-The corps was in position in front of Kenesaw Mountain. On the night of the 2nd the enemy evacuated his works.

July 3 and 4.-The corps marched in pursuit, capturing a number of prisoners; had considerable skirmishing.

July 5.-the enemy retreated to the Chattahoochee River during the night.

July 6.-The corps moved in pursuit, and on arriving inclose proximity to the position taken by the enemy along the river, sharp skirmishing ensued, and was kept up until night, during which time disposition of the troops was made and works thrown up close to those of the enemy, where the corps remained until the enemy withdrew the south bank.

July 10.-The Third Division was moved to Pace's Ferry, and remained there until the 17th, and was joined by its Second Brigade at that point. The First and Second Divisions advanced their lines to the river-bank, where they remained guarding the river until the 17th.

July 17.-they were moved to Pace's Ferry in the morning, at which point the corps crossed the river during the day and encountered the enemy's rear guard, which was driven, and the corps advanced a short distance and remained during the night.

July 18 and 19.-The corps advanced to Peach Tree Creek. the enemy was found to be in position along the opposite bank.

July 19.-In the afternoon the Third Brigade, Second Division, crossed Peach Tree Creek and repulsed an attack of the enemy, made soon after the brigade was over, supported by the Second Brigade, Second Division, which crossed during the attack. The First Brigade, Second Division, was held as reserve; Third Brigade sustained principal loss. The enemy's efforts to dislodge it failed, and after a severe fight the enemy was compelled to fall back. The Third Division crossed Peach Tree Creek during the day and night in support of the Second Division.

July 20.-The First Division crossed, and a part of its First Brigade engaged in the battle on that day, and aided to repel the attack made on the Twentieth Corps on the left of the Fourteenth. The lines of the First and Third Divisions were moved forward and established nd intrenched a short distance from the enemy's works, driving back his skirmish line and capturing a number of prisoners. The Second Division was skirmishing constantly. Its batteries were used with effect, and drove the rebels out of their works in front of them. The enemy withdrew with his whole force during the night, and his works taken possession of by the troops of the corps early next morning.

July 22.-The corps advanced to within two and a half miles of Atlanta, and went into position within artillery range of the enemy's works at all points, when the position taken was strongly intrenched. Batteries opened on the enemy, and skirmishers were sharply engaged the balance of the day. From the 23rd to the close of the month the First and Third Divisions, and to the 28th the Second Division, remained in this position, constantly skirmishing and under the fire of the enemy's artillery and musketry. The artillery of the corps was worked steadily, and shots thrown frequently into Atlanta, but mostly the enemy's works.

