
July 28.-The Second Division made a reconnaissance to turner's Ferry, and on returning formed on the right of the Army of the tennessee (where it remained the rest of the month), but too late to participate in the battle, as the enemy's attack had been repulsed. The corps continued the right of the army in all movements after crossing the Chattahoochee.

Casualties during the month: First Division-commissioned officers, killed, 6; wounded, 18; missing, 1. Enlisted men, killed 68; wounded, 368; missing, 13. Total in First Division, 474. Second Division-commissioned officers, killed, 8; wounded, 17; missing, 5. Enlisted men, killed, 83; wounded, 243; missing, 115. Total in Second Division, 471. Third Division-commissioned officers, killed, 2; wounded, 14. Enlisted men, killed, 15; wounded, 107; missing, 1. Total in Third Division, 139.

August 1 to 28.-The corps was in position in front of Atlanta, during which time almost constant picket and artillery firing was kept up, and obstinate fights occurred with the advance of the skirmish line as the divisions changed position nearing the enemy's works. The troops were kept in their works; the only protection against the enemy's fire was in doing so, as it was kept up almost the whole time day and night. The Second Division made a reconnaissance on the 24th, and struck the Montgomery railroad near Red Oak Station, cutting telegraph wire and tearing up track. The division returned same day to its former position.

August 28.-Arrangements which had been in progress several days having been completed, the corps moved forward in the direction of Red Oak Station, with the advance of the army to the Montgomery railroad on that day, which point it reached and bivouacked, destroying the railroad for several miles.

August 29 and 30.-Marched in the direction of Jonesborough.

August 31.-The Third Division advanced to the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, supported by the Second Brigade, Second Division, and took position four miles north of Jonesborough and tore up the track. The First and Second Divisions (except the Second Brigade of the latter) were sent to the support of the Army of the Tennessee.

Casualties during the month: First Division-commissioned officers, killed, 2; wounded, 8. Enlisted men, killed, 57; wounded, 313; missing, 12. Total in First Division, 392. Second Division-commissioned officers, killed 1; wounded, 10. Enlisted men, killed, 40; wounded, 195; missing, 4. Total in Second Division, 250. third Division-commissioned officers, killed, 5; wounded, 9. Enlisted men, killed, 53; wounded, 266; missing, 6. Total in Third Division, 339.

September 1.-Fourth the battle of Jonesborough, all the divisions participating. The enemy's works were carried, 10 pieces of his artillery and 1,000 prisoners captured. Total loss of corps, 1,272. The enemy withdrew from Jonesborough during the night.

September 2.-In the morning the corps was advanced to Jonesborough, and remained there until the 6th. The campaign was officially announced closed, and orders were given for the army to move to Atlanta.

September 8.-The corps reached Atlanta and remained there the rest of the month.

