
in Georgia since I have been in command. It is accompanied by complete list of casualties, by name, from each regiment and battery, and the official reports of each division, brigade, and regimental commander, except the regimental reports of the Second and Third Brigades, of the Third Division, from which no reports have been received.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,White Hall, Ga., September --, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Fourteenth Army Corps from the 22nd of August, on which day I assumed command of it, to the 8th of September, when it went into camp at this place:

At the time of assuming command the position of the corps was located on Utoy Creek, and west of Atlanta, and nearly opposite East Point. It was and had been for some days detached from the Army of the Cumberland and was acting under the immediate direction of Major-General Schofield, commanding the Army of the Ohio, in our movements against the enemy's position at East Point. After the receipt of Special Field Orders, Numbers 57, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, directing the movements of the army against the Macon railroad, the corps was held in readiness until the 26th when, as a preliminary movement, it withdrew from the field-works and went into bivouac on the south side of Utoy Creek. This movement was of necessity made during the night, and owing to the excessive rain, bad roads, and darkness of the night, was not accomplished until after daylight the next morning. On the 27th the corps remained in camp, awaiting the movements of other commands, cutting roads, &amp;c., preparatory to marching the next morning. At 4 a. m. the 28th the corps moved to Mount gilead church, where it passed the Fourth Corps, and taking the advance reached its designated camp near Rough and Ready late in the afternoon. During the days' march Morgan's division had the advance, and skirmished quite lively with the enemy's cavalry at and south of Camp Creek. On the 29th the location of my camp remained unchanged; a part of the troops were kept vigorously at work during the day, destroying the railroad track, making reconnaissances, and cutting roads to facilitate our advance the next morning. On the morning of the 30th, in compliance with instructions from Major-General Thomas, the corps moved at an early hour to Shoal Creek Church, on the neighborhood road, where it bivouacked for a few hours, the troops getting their dinners during the halt. From this position it marched to Couch's house, on the Rough and Ready and Jonesborough road, in the following order: Baird's division, on the left, in co-operating distance with the Fourth Corps; Morgan's division, followed by Carlin's, and the train moved on a more direct road to the right, in supporting distance of Baird. The enemy offered little resistance and the whole command went into camp before night. My left connected with the fourth Corps, my right one mile from Renfroe's Cross-Roads, at which point the Army of the Tennessee was operating. On the morning of the

