
of Atlanta, and directing the movement of the troops in the return to that place, it withdrew from Jonesborough and marched to Rough and Ready and went into camp. On the morning of the 8th marched and went into permanent camp at this place, thus ending the long and eventful campaign.

A list of casualties* showing the los in the corps from the beginning of the campaign is transmitted; also the reports of the several division, brigade, and regimental commanders are transmitted, and attention called to them as valuable records of the operations of their respective commands. they will aid the commanding general in reviewing that part of the operations of the corps from the commencement of the campaign to the date of my assuming command, during which time the corps was commanded by Major-General Palmer, now absent, but who will no doubt in time furnish this part of the corps record. The efficiency and morale of the corps is excellent. A return of absentees and a few recruits to fill the vacancies in the ranks is all that it required to make it as efficient as at the commencement of the campaign.

The organization of the staff has undergone a number of changes since the commencement of the campaign, but consisted during the time above described of Captain A. C. McClurg, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff; Captain T. W. Morrison, assistant adjutant-general; Captain John F. Squier, Seventy-fourth Illinois Infantry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant T. J. Carney, Thirty-fourth Illinois Infantry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Colonel A. von Schrader, U. S. Volunteers, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Paul, U. S. Volunteers, chief commissary of subsistence; Captain J. E. Remington, U. S. Volunteers, chief quartermaster; Major Charles Houghtaling, First Illinois Artillery, chief of artillery; Surg. F. Salter, U. S. Volunteers, medical director; Major John B. Lee, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry, provost-marshal; Captain L. H. Drury, Third Wisconsin Battery, assistant chief of artillery; Captain J. C. Martin, Twenty-first Ohio Infantry, staff quartermaster; Captain A. L. Messmore, One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Infantry, staff commissary of subsistence; Captain A. S. Cole, chief signal officer; Captain William H. Collins, One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry, chief of ambulances, and Captain George Estep, artillery ordnance officer. The efficiency of these officers in their respective duties has been highly satisfactory, and it affords me pleasure to recommend them to the consideration of the general commanding, and also to acknowledge my indebtedness to them for their valuable assistance.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Cumberland.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,At McPeak's House, September 2, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that at an early hour yesterday morning, in obedience to the orders of the army commander,

---------------

*See statements with reports of subordinate commanders.

---------------

