
however, I formed my lines as directed, connecting my left with General Baird's division. The relative position of my brigades remained the same as on the 13th. Having met Major-General palmer on the field, he informed me that the Fourteenth Corps, General Davis' division being in reserve, the Twenty-third Corps and Fourth Corps to their left, would, as soon as the proper disposition could be completed, swing to the right on the left of General Butterfiled as a pivot through an are of 130 degrees or thereabouts, or, at any rate, until the works and position of the enemy should be developed, and directed me to hold my troops in readiness for the movements. My division began to move at 9 o'clock precisely; the advance was necessarily slow, owing to the extremely rugged character of the ground passed over, the dense underbrush, and the necessity for deliberation on my part in order that the troops to the extreme left might follow the movements. My left having swung around by a march of something like one mile, I found the enemy strongly posted and fortified on the hither slope and near the crest of a long, elevated ridge, their right slightly refused from the direction of my line. In front of their position was an open field of some 400 yards wide, sloping gradually down to a creek directly in my front. The general course of this creek in front of my line was nearly parallel to the enemy's works; the bottom was in some places miry with a considerable depth of water-in others quite the reverse, its crooked channel filled in some places with a dense underbrush, in others obstructed by fallen trees and drift. It afforded a serious obstacle to the advance of troops in line, as the result proved, as the land rose immediately from the creek in an abrupt bluff of nearly the same height as the enemy's position beyond, and then gradually sloped down again to the westward. With my skirmishers posted long the creek, I reformed my lines in the woods behind the slope, to the rear of it, and waited instructions. At about 11 a. m. I received notice from the major-general commanding corps that as soon as the left should get into position an assault would be made along the whole line. I was ordered to advance as soon as by the firing I should be warned of the movement of the troops on my immediate left. Accordingly, about 11.30, heavy firing on the lines of Baird's division indicating that his troops were advancing, my two brigades in the line moved forward, Scribner's having already, in anticipation of the movement, been brought up into close supporting distance. General Carlin, who lay very near the creek mentioned, threw forward his skirmishers, driving those of the enemy within their works, and moved forward his lines across the creek. No sooner had his first line emerged from the cover of the woods than the enemy-infantry and artillery-opened upon it with terrible effect. Notwithstanding this, however, Carlin pushed forward both lines beyond the creek and nearly half way across the open field. The passage of the creek had, however, sadly disordered his lines, and finding it impossible to reform them while advancing so rapidly as the emergency of occasion required, hopeless, moreover, of holding his position even if the assault should succeed, Carlin fell back to the cover of the creek, the eastern bank of which offered in some places all the protection of a well-constructed fortification. Here he remained, by my direction, all day, keeping up a desultory but effective fire in reply to the enemy's. King's brigade, which lay considerably farther from the creek than Carlin's, did not advance so far, and, when it was seen that Carlin had suffered a repulse,

