
halted. Two 12-pounder guns of the enemy's in my front had opened upon our advance, and continued their fire subsequently, at intervals, with damaging effect. As soon as a practicable road could be found I brought forward two pieces of Captain Dilger's battery, I, First Ohio Light Artillery, and caused them to be placed in position on the crest of the bluff overlooking the creek and near my center. The admirable practice of this section, conducted under the supervision of Captain Dilger in person, soon closed out the enemy's pieces, and was quite as annoying to them as their had been before to us. More than once their infantry, driven from their works by Dilger's shell, were shot down by my sharpshooters before they could gain the cover of the works in their rear. Subsequently I brought the whole of this battery into position at the same place. in this affair General Carlin's brigade suffered severely, losing considerably over 200 in killed and wounded, this including many valuable officers. The loss in General King's brigade was comparatively light. On the evening of this day Scribner's brigade was thrown into line on the left of King to relieve Turchin's brigade. On Sunday his line was extended so as to relieve Van Derveer's brigade, and Carlin, who had been relieved on the evening previous by McCook's brigade, of Davis' division, was put in on Scribner's left, to relieve Hovey's division. Sharp skirmishing was kept up all day on my line, from which both my own troops and the enemy's suffered slightly. My artillery (twelve pieces) played all day with precision and, I have good reason to think, effect. Monday, May 16, I marched to Resaca and bivouacked in rear of the village. May 17, crossed the Oostenaula and marched by Damascus Church through Calhoun toward Adairsville; bivouacked at 11.30 p. m. about seven miles south of Calhoun, on the left of General Barid's division. May 18, marched through Adarisville, following, as on the day previous, Baird's division; bivouacked for the night at 12 midnight on the railroad within three miles of Kingston. May 19, marched in the rear of Baird into Kingston. Here, at 2.30, I was ordered by Major-General Palmer to move as rapidly as possible to seize a bridge (Gillem's) over the Etowah, south of Kingston, toward which a force of the enemy was supposed to be making, either to secure their retreat or to destroy it. Reaching the bridge at 4 p. m., I found some of Garrard's cavalry, which had passed me, already there. I formed my lines here so as to cover all approaches and remained until morning, seeing nothing of the enemy. May 20, marched by the Cassville road four miles, passing the Confederate saltpeter works, which I caused to be destroyed by my rear guard, and formed on the right of Baird's division, my left resting on the railroad, my right considerably refused. May 21 and 22, my division lay in bivouac. On the 22nd my preparations for the ensuing march were arranged. By stripping my regiment of all baggage, except that which might be carried on the persons of officers or their horses, and sending back the surplus, I was able to provide transportation for the twenty days' rations and forage required by the orders of Major-General Sherman. On the 23rd I marched, crossing Etowah River at the Island Ford, bivouacked in line and on Euharlee Creek, my left resting immediately in rear of Barnett's Mill, and my right on the Cedartown road. On the 24th, at 10 a. m., I moved by my right, crossing Euharlee Creek, not fordable, ont he rickety bridge near Widow Smith's house, which, however, it was found necessary to repair before I could pass my artillery

