
over it. Within two miles of this my march was delayed until late in the afternoon by General Stanley's column, which I found passing into the same road from the left, in front of me. I did not make more than two miles beyond this, the road being very difficult and blocked with the wagons, ambulances, and artillery of the troops which had preceded me. At 8 p. m., in the midst of a driving rain-storm, which lasted until 11 p. m., I went into bivouac on the Raccoon Creek. The 25th was spent in clearing the way for our trains by assisting the wagons of the Twentieth Corps over the difficult hills which border Raccoon Creek. By 10.30 o'clock that night all of my wagons were across and in park beyond my troops, toward Burnt Hickory. At 1 a. m. of the 26th I marched again, reaching Burnt Hickory before break of day. Two miles south of this, on the Dallas road, at 7 a. m., under instructions from Major-General Palmer, I halted in order to enable him to communicate with Major-General Thomas. At 11.30 a. m. we renewed the march, and early in the afternoon I formed my troops in rear of the Fourth Corps, about three miles east of Pumpkin Vine Creek, which we crossed by the bridge near Owen's Mill. On the 27th two, brigades of my division participated in the assault upon the enemy's right, being in support to the division of Brigadier-General Wood. General Wood's division was formed in column by brigade, each brigade being in two lines. General King's brigade was formed in the same manner in rear of Wood's, and Scribner's at first on the left of King's; before the assault finally commenced, however, he was advanced to the left of Wood's center brigade, and in this position advanced with the column. For the particulars of their participation in this affair, as well as in the attack made upon our lines by the enemy on the night following, in which Scribner's brigade behaved with distinguished gallantry, I respectfully refer to the report of Brigadier-General King and Colonel Scribner, which, I presume, have before this been forwarded. When the assault of the 27th had failed, I withdrew my division to the position upon which the column had originally formed for the assault, a short distance to the south of Pickett's Mills, on what I understand to be the little Pumpkin Vine Creek. That night Carlin's brigade, which had before been in reserve during the day, was placed in position on the extreme left. My line was an exceedingly bad one, but it seemed impracticable to correct it. Here the division remained, skirmishing heavily with the enemy at periods and suffering considerable loss, until the evacuation by the enemy of their position on the 5th of June.

From the morning of May 29 to the morning of June 6, I was unfitted for duty by the injuries before alluded to, and during this time the division was in command of Brigadier-General King. For the operations of this period I must, therefore, refer to his report.

On the morning of the 6th I June I marched, following Baird's division toward Acworth. At dark I found my lines connecting with General Hooker's corps on my right and General Baird's division on the left, and bivouacked near John Pritchard's house. At this place we rested during the 7th, 8th, and 9th. On the morning of the 10th we marched, passing by Denham's house, and thence to Owen's Mill. Just in front of Newton's house, one mile south of Owen's, I was put into position, by a staff officer of Major-General Palmer, ont he left of Brigadier-General Baird's division, whose skirmishers had already found the enemy. My skirmishers were thrown out to connect with those of General Baird's line, but we remained in that position all night

