
without any indications of the enemy. On the 11th, under the direction of the major-general commanding corps, I moved my troops about one division front to the left, forming in two lines along the crest of a wooded ridge, my center resting just in rear of Whitfield's house. With great difficult, owing tot he continuous heavy rains of the week previous, and the emaciated condition of my artillery horses, I got both batteries in favorable position upon the line. Late in the evening I was obliged to change my line, about one brigade front, to the left and front, to conform to a change in the position of Brigadier-General Davis' division. I was not able to move my batteries onto the new line. We remained in this position during the 12th and 13th without seeing anything of the enemy, although there was continuous skirmishing and occasional artillery firing on my right and left. My thanks are due to my brigade commanders, Brigadier-General King, Brigadier-General Carlin, and Colonel B. F. Scribner, and to my chief of artillery, Captain L. H. Drury, for the cheerfulness and good judgment with which they have at all times, executed my orders, and furthered the objects of every movement; as also to the officers of my staff, particularly Surg. S. Marks, medical director; Captain E. F. Deaton, commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant John Bohan, acting assistant quartermaster, for the uniform fidelity and intelligence with which they have discharged their duties. June 13, I was compelled to leave my command on account of injuries received in battle, and was absent until July 13, when I resumed command of my division. July 14, 15, and 16, quiet, with occasional artillery firing. July 17, crossed the Chattahoochee and found General Davis in line, about 500 yards in front, upon one of a series of ridges which run in every direction, in deep woods. The Third Brigade (Colonel Moore commanding) was formed on the left of General Davis; his skirmishers were advanced; the enemy retired slowly. The First Brigade (Colonel A. G. McCook) was formed on the left of the Third, and King's brigade was formed in reserve with the artillery. At 4 p. m. Colonel Moore advanced his line southeast on the Buck Head road, over a very rough and rugged country, to Nancy's Creek, where he bivouacked for the night. July 18, at 7 a. m. I directed McCook to take the advance; skirmishing commenced at 8 a. m. and continued, the enemy falling back slowly until about 2 p. m., when line of battle was formed on the Buck Head and Howell's Ferry road. A heavy line of skirmishers were thrown forward to drive the enemy beyond Peach Tree Creek. On retiring beyond the creek the bridge was destroyed by the rebels, and they opened up a vigorous fire with shell and case-shot upon the reserves. July 19, bridges were constructed to cross the command, and on July 20 the creek was crossed, the troops thrown in line, and temporary breast-works constructed. About 3 p. m. a heavy fire began along the whole line of the Twentieth Corps, gradually approaching us, and finally involving my First Brigade (McCook's), which repulsed every attack made upon it, with slight loss. My efficient and gallant assistant adjutant-general, E. T. Wells, was severely wounded. July 21, about 3 p. m. my line was ordered forward, the enemy was driven from his rifle-pits, and back over a ridge, in which my entire line intrenched itself. July 22, at 2 a. m. my skirmishers and main line occupied the first line of the enemy's defenses of Atlanta. At 8 a. m. the column was put in motion on the direct road to Atlanta. When near the city a heavy skirmish line was encountered. Instantly

