
the troops were placed in line of battle, the artillery brought forward, and a heavy fire directed upon the enemy in plain view. The troops at once intrenched themselves.

From the 22nd July till August 3, the troops were engaged advancing their lines and strengthening their position. August 3, was relieved by Twentieth Corps and transferred to the right of Army of the Tennessee. August 4, King's brigade made a reconnaissance to the right and returned. August 5, moved out to the Sandtown road, thence to the left, and came up in rear of Davis' division, forming the reserve of the line. Late in the evening made a reconnaissance to the right to find the flank of the rebel lines, which was undertaken too late to accomplish much. On the 6th relieved General Hascall's division, which was moved to the right to join its proper corps. August 7, was ordered to assume command of the Fourteenth Army Corps, by virtue of seniority.

In this hurried report I am unable to do the troops justice. when the campaign ends will forward a list of those whose good conduct deserves special mention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain A. C. MCCLURG,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 91.

Report of Brigadier General William P. Carlin, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of operations August 17-September 8.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the Fourteenth Corps the operations of this division since the 17th of August, the date on which I assumed command. The positions of brigades and their unimportant movements prior to the beginning of the great movement against the Macon railroad need not be described, as the record of all such information would encumber the headquarters of the division and corps without affording necessary or interesting data.

On the 26th of August the Second and Third Brigades were withdrawn from the position they had held before the enemy near Atlanta and marched to a position on the left of the Twenty-third Corps, the Third Brigade having preceded the other two, which position was held till the 28th, when the entire division marched to Red Oak, on the Atlanta, West Point and Montgomery Railroad. O the 29th the Second and Third Brigades were engaged till 2 p. m. in destroying the railroad toward East Point, while the First Brigade made a reconnaissance in the same direction on the right of the railroad and covered the working parties. There was slight skirmishing between the First Brigade and the enemy, resulting in no loss to us. On the 30th the division marched ten miles toward Jonesborough, Ga., and encamped near Mrs. Evans', on the Fayetteville and Atlanta road. On the 31st the division marched to Renfroe's and remained there till near sundown, when I received orders from Major-General Thomas to move at once to support General Howard, who was then confronting the enemy near Jonesborough, which

