
movement was made without delay. Being informed through General Howard's staff officer that he wished me on the Fayetteville road-that is, near Renfroe's-I countermarched to that place, where instructions were received from General Davis, commanding the corps, to proceed to my former camp at Mrs. Evan's and remain there that night.

On the 1st day of September I received orders to move to the support of General Baird and take position on his right, which was then on the Atlanta and Jonesborough road, east of Mrs. Evans'. Before going into position there I received orders to proceed about two and a half miles toward Jonesborough, and take a position facing the town. Having marched till within two miles of that place and reached the pickets of the Seventeenth Corps, I took position parallel to the road and facing the Macon railroad, one and a half miles distant. I have omitted to state above that the First Brigade and Nineteenth Indiana Battery were detached at Mrs. Evans' and sent to Renfroe's to protect the train of the army in accordance with orders received. From the point designated above I sent the Third Brigade on a reconnaissance toward the railroad, with also one regiment of the Second Brigade as skirmishers. the skirmishers of both brigades soon encountered the enemy at a creek near the road and drove them back to a strong position, where they contested the ground obstinately with infantry or dismounted cavalry and one or two pieces of artillery. The position of the enemy was soon taken by the Third Brigade and the Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, and one caisson, filled with ammunition, captured. The Second Brigade was immediately moved up to the right of the Third and the skirmishers pushed onto the railroad. While here Captain Edmonds, of my staff, pointed out a very fine position for a battery, and I immediately ordered Prescott's battery to take position there. Prescott moved to it as rapidly as his horses could go, unlimbered, and opened his guns, which created great havoc among the rebels. It may here be stated that much of the success later in the day was due to the execution of this battery, both on the infantry and artillery of the rebels, as Prescott was almost immediately on the right flank of the enemy facing Morgan's division, of the Fourteenth Corp, and of the Army of the Tennessee. While occupying the position last described I sent out a regiment on the left front to open communication with the Fourth Corps, which was accomplished by Lieutenant-Colonel McMahan, commanding the Twenty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry. I then changed the front of my division again to the right, the left of the Third Brigade resting on the railroad, and formed line of battle, when I received orders from General Davis to move forward toward Jonesborough till I should find the works of the enemy. Moving through a dense forest to an open field the enemy was encountered in a thicket beyond. I ordered an assault, which was made with great energy and gallantry by both brigades. The position of the enemy was very strong and the approach almost impassable in consequence of a dense growth of small bushes. The Second Brigade reached the works at the first dash and captured many prisoners. They would have held the works and gone on but for the unfortunate loss of Captain L. M. Kellogg, commanding the Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, who was on the extreme right. He was badly wounded while crossing the works. The enemy brought up re-enforcements and compelled the right to fall back about 100 yards. A portion of this brigade gallantly clung to the works till overpowered and captured. When preparing to reform

