
the Second brigade for another charge, I received information from General Davis that he had ordered Colonel Este's brigade, of Baird's division, to support me. As it was fresh and well formed I placed it in position for a charge, when General Baird arrived and gallantly led it himself. It is an agreeable duty that I perform in saying that the conduct of this brigade was truly admirable, and that they deserved the success the achieved. Colonel Este deserves promotion for his gallantry and good management. The Third Brigade continued the fight till every rebel was driven or dragged from the works. The Thirty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Griffin commanding, deserves great credit in this part of the fight, as they had to contend almost alone against a very obstinate foe strongly intrenched. The enemy having lost his works, brought infantry and artillery on the road still farther toward Jonesborough, and opened so heavy a fire that no farther advance could be made. Darkness closed the fight. The two brigades captured about 300 prisoners and many small-arms. The Second Brigade lost in killed, wounded, and missing, 168; the Third Brigade, killed, wounded, and missing, 203; total, 371. The greater portion of the wounded will recover.

My thanks are due to General Baird for the readiness displayed to support me at all times, as well as for the support actually received. It is not a mere empty custom when I acknowledge the great assistance rendered during the hottest of the fight by Captain Edmonds, Ninety-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; Captain G. W. Smith, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, and Lieutenant W. B. Roby, Thirty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Lieutenant George H. Tracy, all of my staff. Dr. Solon Marks, chief surgeon of the division; Lieutenant H. G. Litchfield, ordnance officer, and Lieutenant W. R. Maize, in charge of ambulances, are deserving of mention for the faithful performance of their duties in their respective departments. Colonel M. F. Moore, Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, deserves special mention for the promptness with which he always obeyed orders, and put his command in motion. The staff officers of the Second Brigade, Captain Mills, Lieutenant Estes, and Lieutenant St. Onge, and especially Captain W. J. Fetterman, acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, displayed great gallantry and spirit in assisting Major J. r. Edie, Fifteenth Infantry, in advancing the brigade. The regimental officers and enlisted men cannot be over praised for their conduct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. C. MCCLURG,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 92.

Journal of the First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

Memorandum of operations from Ringgold, Ga.:

May 7.-Marched from Ringgold, seven miles, to a point about one mile and a half south of Tunnel Hill and encamped for the night.

