
May 8.-The brigade moved forward in line of battle through the valley and over a range of hills lying on west side of the Gordon Spring road, and took position on a ridge about a half mile south-west of Buzzard Roost. Remained in this position until about 10.30 a. m., when the brigade was moved back tot he first range of hills, where it lay in line until about 5.30 p. m., when it moved forward to the first position and encamped for the night.

May 9.-Received orders to finish a reconnaissance which had been begun by Colonel Wood's Mountain, south side of the gap. Moved brigade forward, crossing Mill Creek. Relieved Colonel Wood's brigade. Placed the Eighty-eighth Indiana and One hundred and fourth Illinois into position along the spur extending from the point of the mountain to the gap and overlooking the enemy's works in front. The Forty-second Indiana and the fifteenth kentucky were then pushed up the mountain side, with orders to go as far as possible around the point. The Thirty-third Ohio and Twenty-first Wisconsin were moved along the western base, and then toward the summit of the mountain. The forty-second Indian advanced some considerable distance around the point, skirmishing with the enemy with some loss until farther progress was prevented by a rebel battery, which opened on the line from the point of Rocky Face Ridge, and also by a fire from our own artillery in the area. Our line was being pressed, and the Second Ohio was moved up to support. Both regiments were subsequently withdrawn. The Fifteenth Kentucky, Thirty-third Ohio, and Twenty-first Wisconsin having also been withdrawn without any important development, the brigade encamped along the base for the night.

May 10.-The brigade remained in its position until about 2 p. m., when two companies of the Second Ohio were sent forward, with orders to skirmish as far as possible around the point of the mountain. this force, supported by a detachment from the Thirty-seventh Indiana, supported by a detachment from the Thirty-seventh Indiana, advanced steadily, driving the enemy's skirmishers into rifle-pits. they were then withdrawn and the brigade remained in its position 3 a. m.

May 11.-Pursuant to orders of General Johnson, being relieved by Third Brigade, it was withdrawn across Mill Creek to a range of hills, where it remained during the day and night.

May 12.-Marched from Buzzard Roost to and through Snake Creek Gap, and encamped about one mile east of the gap.

May 13.-Moved about one-fourth of a mile on the road leading to tilton and massed the brigade on right of the road, thence advanced, and, forming line of battle on left of the road, pushed forward as far as crest of the ridge overlooking Swamp Creek. Was relieved from this position by Colonel Wood's brigade, of Butterfield's division, about 9 p. m., and moving to the left, took up position on left of General Ward's brigade, of Butterfield's division, and remained during the night.

May 14.-Advanced in line of battle about 8 a. m., skirmishing with the enemy to a small creek about one mile, running into Camp Creek, and halted to await orders. After remaining at this point about two hours the brigade moved forward over the ridge in front, and crossing Swamp Creek advanced part of the way across the open field beyond to assault the enemy's works; being met by a terrific fire in front and on both flanks, and being wholly unsupported,

