
the brigade fell back with heavy loss to the creek at the foot of the ridge, where it remained until about 11 p. m., when, having been relieved by Colonel Dan. McCook's brigade, of Davis', it moved back over the ridge, where it remained during the night.

May 15.-The brigade moved about 9 o'clock to left of Colonel Scribner's brigade, relieving Colonel ----'s brigade, of General Hovey's division. The Eighty-eighth Indiana and Fifteenth Kentucky were ordered to occupy a small wooded ridge on the Dalton and resaca dirt road on the left of the brigade. This ridge afforded a full view and was in good rifle range of the enemy's works. These regiments kept up a constant fire until night-fall, suffering some loss, and prevented the rebels from using a number of pieces of artillery which were in position behind the works. The brigade remained here during the night.

May 16.-The brigade moved to resaca and encamped for the night.

May 17.-The brigade marched to a point about six miles south of Calhoun and encamped.

May 18.-The brigade marched through Adairsville and encamped near the Western and Atlantic Railroad, four and a half miles from Kingston.

May 19.-The command marched through Kingston to a bridge on the Etowah River, four miles southwest of the town.

May 20.-The brigade moved at 8 a. m. to a point on the Western and Atlantic Railroad near Cassville, where it went into camp about noon. At this place the command stopped there days for the purpose of drawing shoes and clothing.

May 23.-The command marched at 8 a. m. crossed the Etowah River at Island Ford, and encamped for the night on Euharlee Creek near the Burn Hickory road.

May 24.-The brigade remained at this place during the day, while the train of the Twentieth remained at this place during the day, while the train of the Twentieth Army Corps passed, and at 1 o'clock next morning, May 26, it marched on the Burnt Hickory road, through Burnt Hickory, to Brown's Mill, three miles from Dallas.

May 27.-The command moved in two miles, supporting the Second and Third Brigades, to a point on Pumpkin Vine Creek near Pickett's Mills. At 11 p. m. the brigade was placed in two lines on the left of General King.

May 28.-Early next morning the line was advanced bout one-quarter of a mile and the brigade was formed in single line extending from right to left along the ridge in front of Leverett's and Brand's houses. About 3 p. m. the First Wisconsin, (Third Brigade) was put in position on the right of the brigade, to complete the line to Pumpkin Vine Creek. Brisk skirmishing was kept up all day and night along the whole front. Captain R. J. Waggener, assistant adjutant-general, was killed about 10 a. m. of to-day.

May 29.-Heavy picket-firing has been kept up all day; the Twenty-first Ohio (Third Brigade) was put into position about 4 p. m. to support the right of the brigade.

May 30.-The works along the front of the whole brigade were strengthened this morning. At 6 o'clock this p. m. the right of the brigade, extending from Pumpkin Vine Creek on the right to Brand's house on the left, was attacked by a part of Hood's corps, which advanced from the rebel works in line of battle. After

34 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

