
a brisk engagement of several minutes the enemy fell back with considerable loss, leaving a part of his killed and wounded din our front. The following are the names of the regiments engaged: Tenth Wisconsin, Forty-second Indiana, Twenty-first Wisconsin, and First Wisconsin (Third Brigade).

June 2.-Nothing of importance has occurred since the evening of the 30th of May. At 2 p. m. the four regiments forming the left of the brigade were advanced about 400 yards, driving the enemy from a ridge in front, and gaining a very favorable position. At 7 o'clock the brigade was relieved by General Baird's division, and it moved to the rear to a position of close support to General Baird.

June 3.-At 11 a. m. the Eighty-eighth Indiana and One hundred and fourth Illinois were sent to occupy a line of works on the left of General Baird.

June 4 and 5.-The brigade remained in the same position, nothing of importance occurring.

June 6.-The command marched at 8 a. m. on the Acworth road and camped at 9 p. m. on the Pritchard farm, three miles from Acworth.

June 10.-Nothing of importance has occurred during the past three days. At 6 o'clock this morning the brigade marched to Green's Mill, and bivouacked for the night.

June 11.-At 7 a. m. the command marched to a point one and a half miles southwest of Big Shanty, and went into camp. Nothing of importance occurred until June 14, when the brigade moved forward about two miles in support of the Second and Third Brigades.

June 15.-The command remained in reserve until June 16 at 5 p. m., when it relieved the Second Brigade and advanced to the front, about 300 yards, and threw up breast-works.

June 17.-The skirmish line was advanced across an open field and drove the enemy's skirmishers from their breast-works in a narrow strip of woods beyond, gaining about 600 yards of ground, and a very favorable position for the skirmishers.

June 18.-About daylight this morning the picket-line advanced and drove the enemy's pickets from their rifle-pits, and captured 13 prisoners. The brigade moved forward about 400 yards and threw up works in the field on the right of the main Marietta road.

June 19.-Received an order from division headquarters to send out a reconnoitering party of fifty picked men, with instructions to find the enemy, who, it was reported, had abandoned his works. The detachment was selected from the Thirty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and sent out under charge of Captain Hinson. They advanced about two miles on the Marietta road to the base of Kenesaw Mountain, drove the enemy's rear guard from three different positions, capturing a rebel ambulance, 2 mules, and 4 prisoners. The detachment was then ordered back to the works abandoned by the enemy, to await further orders. About 10 a. m. General Palmer ordered the detachment to advance with and protect the left flank of General Morgan's skirmish line. Captain Hinson again moved forward to the base of Kenesaw and drove the rebels some distance up the mountain side. The brigade moved forward at 7 p. m. and took position on the left of General Baird's division, near the base of Kenesaw Mountain.

June 20.-About 4 p. m. received orders from division headquarters to move to the right and relieve General Kimball's brigade, of

