
General Newton's division, which was accomplished by 8 p. m. About 11 p. m. I again moved to the right and relieved Colonel Groose's brigade.

June 21.-At 8.30 a. m. the rebels opened a very heavy artillery fire on the command from several positions. Two batteries, 600 yards in front, sent shot and shell through the works of the brigade, while a battery on the right enfiladed my line. The brigade lost several men wounded in the works by shell from the enemy's batteries.

June 22.-The enemy kept up a heavy artillery fire nearly all day. At 11 p. m. the brigade was relieved by General Turchin, and moved half a mile to the right and placed in rear of Colonel Scribner's brigade.

June 23.-Remained in same position, with nothing of importance occurring.

June 24.-The Eighty-eighth Indiana was ordered to report to Colonel Stoughton, commanding Second Brigade, as support to his left, about 8 p. m.

June 25.-The Forty-second Indiana, One hundred and fourth Illinois, and the Fifteenth Kentucky moved and took position in the rear line and on the left of the Second Brigade.

June 27.-The brigade remained in the same position until 7.30 p. m. of to-day, when it relieved Colonel Stoughton, commanding Second Brigade.

July 2.-The brigade occupied the same position, without anything occurring, to this date, when, Brigadier-General Carlin having received leave of absence, Colonel A. G. McCook assumed command of the brigade, which after dark was relieved by General Hzen's brigade, of Wood's division, Fourth Army Corps, taking position from the Knewsaw Mountain running west.

July 3.-The enemy having disappeared from our front, in accordance with orders the brigade moved at 7.30 o'clock, taking the Marietta road, passing through the same, and taking position on the right of the railroad, four miles from Marietta, where it bivouacked for the night.

July 4.-Advanced about three-quarters of a mile, with heavy skirmishing during the day.

July 5.-This morning found that the enemy had fallen back. the brigade moved at 8 a. m. toward the river about five miles, with slight skirmishing part of the distance.

July 9.-Nothing of importance having occurred since the 5th, to-day the skirmish line advanced, taking the first rebel rifle-pits, but not being supported on the right, they were obliged to fall back to their original position.

July 10.-Found this morning that the rebels had fallen back across the Chattahoochee River.

July 17.-Remained in position until this morning, with nothing of importance occurring. The brigade moved, according to orders, at 2 p. m., crossing the river on the pontoon bridge near vining's Station. Marched about one mile due east, taking position on the left of the division and corps, where it bivouacked for the night.

July 18.-Brigade formed in one line, joining Hooker's command on the left and the Second Brigade of First Division on the right. Advanced about two miles, skirmishing and driving the enemy before us. General Baird forms his division in front of the First Division.

