
July 19.-Remained in position until 7.30 o'clock, when it advanced, supporting General Baird's division, moving across Peach Tree Creek, and then, moving to the left, forming line with the Second and Third Brigades, General Baird's division on the right.

July 20.-About 10 a. m. the brigade was formed in two lines, with the left connecting with General Hooker's right. Orders were given to throw up breast-works, but within a few movements after General Johnson sent instructions to stop the works and prepare for an advance on the enemy. At 4.30 p. m. the rebels made a furious attack on our position, entering a portion of our partially constructed works, but after an hour of very hard fighting the enemy was driven back, but as soon as the lines were properly formed again the enemy made a second attack, but more feebly than before. After the exchange of a few volleys the rebels fell back and a line of skirmishers was sent after them. The heaviest of the fight fell upon the One hundred and fourth Illinois, and that regiment, with the rest of the command, acted splendidly throughout the whole engagement.

July 21.-Advanced about a half mile, driving the enemy before us, when the command threw up breast-works, under the fire of the enemy, and within 300 yards of his main line of works.

July 22.-The enemy having fallen back, the command moved forward to within three miles of Atlanta with considerable skirmishing, where they threw up breast-works. Being relieved in the evening by a brigade from General Hooker's command, they fell back more to the right in rear of Third Brigade, First Division, where it remained until the evening of the 26th.

July 26.-About 7 p. m. the brigade relieved the Third Brigade, First Division, where it remained, advancing the picket-line, until the evening of August 2.

August 2.-In the evening, having been relieved by the Third Brigade, the command fell back to the rear.

August 3.-Brigadier-General Carlin having returned assumes command, and the brigade moved, in accordance with orders, to the right of the army about five miles, taking the refuse position on the flank.

August 4.-The command moved in support to Second Brigade on mile west of the extreme right of the army, and bivouacked for the night on the north side of the Utoy Creek.

August 5.-The brigade moved to the left to connect with General Morgan's division. About 2 p. m. received orders to move in a direction southwest to find the left of the enemy's line of works and charge them in the flank. On account of an open field being directly in our advance it became necessary to move around the field to the west to a strip of woods about 600 yards to the right. After proper dispositions of the command (it formed in column of regiments) were made, the Thirty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry was deployed as skirmishers and sent forward. After driving the rebel skirmishers in the main works it was ascertained that the enemy's works extended at least one and a half miles to the right of the point at which the attack was made. After gaining this information the command was withdrawn, by General Johnson's orders, to the rear of the works occupied by the troops of the Twenty-third Army corps, and at 8 p. m. the brigade moved to the left about two miles and went into position on the right of the Fifteenth Army Corps in the works occupied by General Hascall's division.

August 6.-Nothing of importance occurred.

