
August 7.-The line was advanced about 500 yards to a hill west of Utoy Creek, about 200 yards from the enemy's main line. In gaining possession of this hill, the brigade carried two lines of rifle-pits under a very heavy fire from the enemy. The first line was charged and taken by the Eighty-eighth Indiana, which sustained severe loss. The second line was carried by the Twenty-first Wisconsin, which regiment also lost several men. After the hill was carried, the enemy opened a heavy fire of shell and canister on our line from a battery in his main works, which lasted for nearly two hours, killing and wounding several officers and men.

August 12.-Nothing of importance up to this time has occurred. Before daybreak this morning the Twenty-first Wisconsin was withdrawn from the front line to the rear, on the hill near McKnight's battery.

August 13.-Advanced the skirmish line at the same time with the Fifteenth Army Corps, capturing the whole of the rebel skirmish line, which line of works the command hold on their front.

August 19.-To this date nothing of importance has occurred. About 11 p. m. a part of the brigade, consisting of the One hundred and fourth Illinois and a part of the Forty-second Indiana and Ninety-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, relieved the Second Brigade, which was withdrawn.

August 26.-Nothing of importance has occurred up to this date. At 7 p. m. the command withdrew from the works and marched to the right and went into position on the Sandtown road on the left of the Twenty-third Army Corps.

August 27.-The brigade completed the works in the first line; nothing of importance occurred during the day.

August 28.-The brigade marched at 7 a. m. on the road to Muscle Shoal Church, and at 4 p. m. we crossed the Montgomery railroad, 7 miles from East Point. The brigade formed in two lines, the left resting on the railroad.

August 29.-The brigade moved two miles up the railroad in the direction of East Point to protect the troops engaged in tearing up the track; after the railroad was completely destroyed the command withdrew to the original position held in the morning.

August 30.-The brigade marched at daylight in the direction of Rough and Ready, and bivouacked for the night on the La Fayette road.

August 31.-At daylight the brigade made a reconnaissance on the La Fayette road, with orders to find the left of the Army of the Tennessee. We moved down the road two miles to Renfroe's house, where we found a squad of General Kilpatrick's cavalry. About an hour after this one division of the Seventeenth Army Corps filed past, and proper dispositions were made of the brigade to protect the cross-roads.

September 1.-The brigade, with the Nineteenth Indiana Battery, was ordered to the right to protect the wagon trains. It moved about one mile south of Renfroe's house, where it took position and threw up breast-works.

September 2.-Command moved at 2 p. m., in rear of the fourteenth Army Corps wagon train, to Jonesborough, where it arrived at 8 p. m. and bivouacked for the night in the south part of the town.

September 6.-Nothing of importance having occurred up to this date, at 9 o'clock this a. m. the brigade was formed in one line running east and west, with the left resting on the railroad near Smith's

