
Numbers 93.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Douglas Hapeman, One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 104TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Jonesborough, G., September 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry during the campaign in Georgia:

The regiment left Ringgold, Ga., on the 7th day of May, numbering 279 enlisted men, carrying muskets, and 17 commissioned officers. they marched to Tunnell Hill and bivouacked. The 8th they moved in front of Buzzard Roost. On the 9th the regiment was ordered to move across Mill Creek and relieve the Seventy-third Ohio, of the Twentieth Corps, stationed on a ridge at the right of the creek, between the creek and mountain, the Eighty-eighth Indiana forming on their left. They remained on this line until the 10th, keeping up a livery skirmish fire at times, without losing any men. At daylight on the 11th they were relieved by the Twenty-first Ohio, and moved back to their former line, where they remained all day. On the 12th they marched at 6 o'clock in the morning and reached Snake Creek Gap at dark; marched through the gap and encamped in Sugar Valley. On the 13th the line of the brigade was formed about noon, the regiment in first line, with Eighty-eighth Indiana on right and Fifteenth Kentucky on left. Companies A and K were deployed as skirmishers, and Major Widmer in charge. They advanced in line a considerable distance, driving the enemy's skirmishers until they reached Camp Creek, where the enemy was discovered in force. In advancing across an open field in front of the enemy's works the skirmishing companies lost 5 men wounded, 1 mortally. the regiment was relieved from this line in the evening by a portion of the Twentieth Corps, and moved farther to the left. On the morning of the 14th the brigade was formed, the One hundred and fourth in second line, with Eighty-eighth Indiana on right and Fifteenth Kentucky on left. About 2 o'clock the two lines advanced, receiving a galling fire on the ridge just before reaching Camp Creek, and in crossing the creek the two lines closed together, the One hundred and fourth uniting with the Twenty-first Wisconsin. The brigade was here halted and remained in this position until after dark, keeping up a heavy fire with the enemy. Two companies were in the water up to their knees from 3 o'clock until 9 at night, their only protection from the enemy's fire being the bank of the creek. Their loss was 1 man killed and 9 wounded. About 9 o'clock they were relieved and moved back from the line. On the 15th they moved still farther to the left and were in reserve. The rebels evacuated their works on the night of the 15th, and at 9 o'clock on the morning of the 16th the regiment marched for Resaca, where they remained until the morning of the 17th, when they were detailed as guard to the division supply train, marching all that night, and rejoining the brigade about four miles south of Calhoun at 8 o'clock on the morning of the 18th. At 9 a. m. of the 18th they marched with the brigade to within about three miles of Kingston. On the 19th they reached Kingston about noon and immediately marched out on the road running southwest, until near the Etowah River; then bivouacked. At 7 o'clock on the 20th they

