
marched east the railroad, reaching the road about four miles south of Kingston. Here they remained until the morning of the 23d, to rest the men and "strip for battle." The regimental wagon was sent back and the regiment had no transportation left. Marched at 8 o'clock on the morning of the 23rd about four miles down the Etowah River, where they waded the stream,a nd then marched in southern direction about five miles and encamped near Euharlee Creek. On the 24th they marched about three miles and encamped on the south side of Euharlee Creek, where they remained until 1 o'clock on the morning of the 26th, when they marched cross pumpkin Vine Cree, and went into position in the rear of the Twenty-third Corps. On the 27th they moved to the left of the line until they reached Brown's Mill creek, where they remained until after dark, then crossed the creek and occupied a ridge on the west side. On the 28th they moved to the front before daylight, and occupied the side of a wooded hill. Before the line was well formed the enemy made a demonstration with cavalry and infantry, but were easily driven back; no casualties. We immediately threw up strong works. The skirmish line did not reach the top of the hill and the line was exposed to a severe fire from the enemy's skirmishers on the hill, making it necessary for the men to keep in the trenches. The Fifteenth Kentucky was on the right and the Ninety-fourth Ohio on the left. Remained on this line until the 2nd of June. On the 30th the skirmishers were ordered forward to occupy the top of the hill, which they did without loss, but were obliged to fall back on account of the skirmishers on our left falling back. In falling back Company 'E lost 1 man, mortally wounded.

On the 2nd of June the One hundred and four Illinois, with the Eighty-eighth Indiana on the right, moved forward to support the skirmish line, which was ordered to carry the hill. The skirmishers of the One hundred and fourth connected with those of the Twenty-third Corps on the left. The skirmishers charged gallantly, driving the rebels from their rail pens and across the field. The regiment lost 2 men wounded, 1 mortally. The regiment was relieved at 6 o'clock in the evening by troops of General Baird's division and moved back in reserve to Brown's Mill creek. on the 3rd June, at 9 o'clock, the regiment was ordered, with Eighty-eighth Indiana, to report to General Baird on the front line, where they remained until the morning of the 4th, when they reported back to the brigade. The rebels evacuated their works on the night of the 4th June. On the morning of the 6th they marched, at 6 o'clock, east to within about four miles of Acworth and encamped near Morris' Hill Church. Here they threw up works and remained until the morning of the 10th June. Marched on the morning of the 10th June, at 7 o'clock, on the Marietta and Burnt Hickory road to near Big Shanty, remaining in that vicinity until the 16th June, the brigade being in reserve. On the evening of the 16th June they relieved the Second Brigade, the One hundred and fourth Illinois, Forty-second and Eighty-eighth Indiana throwing up works in advance of the old line nearly opposite Kenesaw Mountain. On the 17th, at 10 a. m., the skirmish line was ordered forward, and Companies E, F, and A were deployed, Major Widmer having charge of the line. The line advanced nearly half a mile, driving the rebels steadily; no casualties. On the morning of the 18th the skirmish line again advanced, driving the rebels in their works. In this advance the regiment lost 1 man killed, and Captain Southwell and 2 men severely

