
wounded. On the 19th the enemy had fallen back, and the regiment moved forward to the front of and near Kenesaw Mountain. On the 20th June they moved farther to the right and relieved troops of the Fourth Corps. They remained in this position on the 21st and 22d, exposed to a terrible artillery fire. They lost 3 men wounded. On the evening of the 22nd were relieved, and moved about a mile to the right, where they remained in reserve until the evening of the 27th, when they remained in reserve until the evening of the 27th, when they relieved troops of the Second Brigade in their front. They remained here until the evening of the 2nd July. The main works were about 150 yards from the rebels, and a sharp skirmish fire was kept up. The regiment lost 1 man killed on the 28th June and 1 man wounded July 2. On the evening of the 2nd July they moved a short distance to the rear, and threw up works; retired from the line they formerly occupied. The next morning (3rd July) the rebels were gone, and at 7.15 the regiment with the brigade marched out ont he Marietta road, passing through Marietta, and finding the enemy about five miles south, when they found the line and skirmished a little on the 4th of July, with no loss. On the morning of the 5th July the enemy had again disappeared from the front, and at 6 o'clock the One hundred and fourth Illinois and Fifteenth Kentucky entered the rebel works. Captain Proctor's company (I) captured 11 prisoners. At 8.30 they marched and came on the enemy's skirmishers about three miles south. The regiment was formed on the left of the railroad and skirmished with the enemy until evening, when they were relieved and moved back. Here they went into camp and remained until the 17th of July. On the 17th July they crossed the Chattahoochee and marched about a mile beyond. On the 18th they moved across Nancy's Creek, driving the enemy's skirmishers from their works. The regiment had 1 man slightly wounded. On the evening of the 19th July they moved to the right and bivouacked on the north bank of Peach Tree Creek. On the morning of the 20th July they crossed Peach Tree Creek at Howell's Mill and marched out on the Atlanta road about a mile, where the lines; then Fifteenth Kentucky, Forty-second and Eighty-eighth Indiana on the right. The right of the One hundred and fourth was about 125 yards in advance of the left of the Fifteenth Kentucky, they being on a ridge to the rear, a ravine between us. The left of the regiment connected with troops Twentieth Corps. The regiment was ordered to erect works, but had not worked long before they were ordered to stop work and be ready to advance. About 4 p. m. the enemy attacked the Twentieth Corps, and a few moments after attacked the regiment with two lines. The first volley fired by the One hundred and fourth made them fall back into a ravine, where they reformed and moved by the flank down the ravine and out of sight, and soon after attacked the regiment square on the right flank, one-half of one of the regiments being in the rear of the right of the regiment. They poured a terrible fire along the rear of their rude works, and Company A, B, and C, on the right, were ordered to fall back, when the Fifteenth Kentucky and Forty-second Indiana, in the rear, fired a volley which made the rebel lines pause. I sent word to Colonel McCook, commanding brigade, as soon as attacked, that I must have assistance on my right or I would not be able to hold my position. The Tenth Wisconsin was sent and formed on my left. I again sent for aid on my right, and the Twenty-first Wisconsin was sent and formed on

