
Red Oak about 5 p. m. On the 29th August the regiment, with brigade, advanced up the railroad about two miles as guard to troops, tearing up the railroad, returning to camp in the evening. On the 30th of August marched about six miles on the Jonesborough road. On the 31st of August, at daylight, the regiment, with the brigade, marched out on the Jonesborough road to the Renfroe house; remained here all day, and in the evening marched back tow here they started from it the morning. On the morning of the 1st of September marched to the Renfroe house, then on the Fayetteville road about a mile, and formed the line at the junction of the Jonesborough and Fayetteville roads, and threw up works, remaining here until 1 p. m. on the 2nd of September, when they marched to Jonesborough, arriving there at dark. The regiment now has 170 enlisted men carrying muskets, and 13 commissioned officers.

I cannot close this report without giving credit to the brave officers and men of the command. For four months they have endured the campaign, and have always behaved themselves in a manner worthy the name of American soldiers. Great credit is due Major Widmer for the bravery and skill he has always displayed in his management of the skirmish line. The loss of Captain Doty, Captain Rynerson, and Captain Fitzsimmons is deeply felt by the regiment. They were gallant officers, and loved and respected by their men.

I append a list of casualties.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS HAPEMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. W. FORD,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, First Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 94.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William T. B. McIntire, Forty-second Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-SECOND INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the Georgia campaign, beginning May 7 and ending September 2, 1864:

The command was engaged in a brisk skirmish with the enemy at Buzzard Roost on the 9th of May while advancing our lines up the side and around the point of the mountain, in which we lost 3 men wounded. Nothing of interest occurred until the 14th of May, when we made an unsuccessful charge upon the enemy's works at Snake [Creek] Gap, losing 1 man killed and 45 wounded. On the 15th more or less skirmishing, but no casualties. From this date to the 28th nothing worthy of note transpired, when we took position on the extreme left of the army and erected breast-works, and while establishing the picket-line a brisk skirmish took place in which 1 man was wounded. On the 29th, 30th, and 31st skirmishing still continued, the enemy's lines in my front being less than thirty paces distant from my own. The loss of the regiment on these

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) show 3 officers and 22 men killed, 2 officers and 71 men wounded, and 5 men missing; total, 103.

---------------

