
three days was 3 killed and 11 wounded. June 1 and 2, both day and night, the regiment was under fire, losing 1 officer wounded. From this date to the 17th we marched to the neighborhood of Kenesaw Mountain, and on the latter day had a heavy skirmish, losing 1 man killed. On the 18th, while advancing the skirmish line, Company G, of this regiment, under command of Lieutenant Palmer, charged the rebel rifle-pits and captured 13 of the enemy, and put to flight a North Carolina regiment. On the 22nd had 1 man killed, 2 severely and 1 mortally wounded by a shell. The command was engaged in frequent skirmishes from this date till the 6th of July, but no casualties occurred. On the latter day lost 2 men wounded. From this day to the 19th nothing outside of the usual skirmishing occurred, bringing us to Peach Tree Creek. On the 20th the command crossed the creek, and before the works were completed the enemy charged upon us but were repulsed with heavy loss. The regiment lost 1 man killed and 2 wounded. On the 21st 1 man mortally wounded by a stray ball. On the 22nd the command started to Atlanta, but found the enemy had not evacuated the place. A heavy skirmish occurred in which we lost 1 officer and 2 men killed, and 1 officer and 5 men wounded, while advancing the skirmish line to the suburbs. From this time to the close of July comparative quiet prevailed and no casualties occurred. August 1, heavy skirmishing all day but no casualties. August 2, 2 men wounded. August 7, the command charged the rebel lines, capturing their rifle-pits; lost 1 killed, 1 severely and 1 mortally wounded. August 8, still skirmishing; 3 men wounded. August 9, 1 man mortally and 1 slightly wounded by sharpshooters. During the period between the latter date and our arrival at Jonesborough, with the exception of one or two light skirmishes with the loss of 3 men wounded, nothing important occurred. It is but justice to say that owing to my absence on account of sickness the regiment was under the command of Captain Masters from the 3rd to the 22nd of July, when he was severely wounded, and the command fell into the hands of Captain Kellams, who retained it until August 23. I take great pleasure in saying that the latter-named officer has upon several different occasions distinguished himself by him coolness and bravery in times of danger. The total number of casualties is 1 officer killed and 2 wounded; 14 men killed, 88 wounded, and 1 missing; 11 have since died.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. T. B. MCINTIRE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. W. FORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 95.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Cyrus E. Briant, Eighty-eighth Indiana Infantry.

May 6, received orders to be ready to march at daybreak. May 7, broke camp at Ringgold, Ga.; at sunrise passed through Chickamauga Gap; marched to within two miles of Tunnell Hill, taking the road on the right hand to about one mile south of town, where we camped for the night; some cannonading heard on the hill.

