
May 8, moved to the right of Tunnel Hill, passing the day in a valley one mile from Buzzard Roost on Taylor Ridge. May 9, moved forward and formed line on ridge in front of gap; skirmished with the enemy, holding our position; had 1 man wounded. May 11, were relieved by the Seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry at daylight; lay in reserve in front of gap, when we were ordered to march at 6 a. m., May 12, when my command marched in the valley alongside Taylor's Ridge through Sugar Creek Gap, and bivouacked at the earth-works thrown Sugar Creek Gap, and bivouacked at the earth-works thrown up by Army of the Tennessee. May 13, started to the front, marching left in front some two miles, forming on the left into line about noon, throwing forward one company deployed as skirmishers with another in reserve, and advanced in line, my command being on the extreme right of the Fourteenth Army Corps. I was ordered to extend my line of skirmishers on the right, refused considerably, which I did, moving forward slowly for about two hours. My skirmish lien joined with that of the Fifteenth Army Corps, overlapping it some distance. The Fifteenth Corps skirmishers having found the enemy, and mine having orders to move in connection with them, charged the enemy's skirmishers and driving them into their works, holding them without the assistance of main line until the evening, when they were relieved by troops from the Twentieth Army Corps. In this engagement I lost 4 men wounded. May 14, shortly after daylight, the First Brigade advance in two lines, right in front, my command in left wing. About 10 o'clock they found the enemy, opened on him, and drove him slowly and steadily, and finally charging on them, followed closely by second line. They drove them into their works, but were met with such a withering fire from them they did not succeed in routing them. During this charge my command threw together what fallen timber was at hand for temporarily shelter, adding to it as opportunity afforded. We lay behind these works until after sundown, keeping up continual sharpshooting with the enemy. In the proceedings I lost 1 commissioned officer killed and 7 enlisted men wounded. May 15, moved about two miles to the left; in reserve until 11 o'clock. I relieved with my command the One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, of General Hovey's division, occupying their works in front of a rebel fort. My orders were to keep the fort silent. While relieving they opened on us with shell, but were immediately silenced by our rifles, and did not again use them against us. I lost to-day 1 lieutenant and 1 man killed, 1 lieutenant and 1 man wounded. May 16, the enemy having evacuated in the night, we started in pursuit, marching to the right to the military orad through Resaca. May 17, 8.30 a. m., crossed the Oostenaula River, passed Calhoun, camping at midnight six miles beyond. May 18, moved forward slowly; toward evening passed Adairsville; halted for the night some three miles from Kingston. May 19, about noon, was passed Kingston; we filed right and halted within half a mile of the Etowah Valley road, cavalry being reported near. Our division was massed with First Brigade in reserve. May 20, moved forward about three miles and threw up earth-works one mile from Cassville, but did not meet with any contending force. The country through which our route lay was very broken, being densely wooded and hilly, interspersed with deep ravines, forming good hiding places for the enemy, with whom we had daily skirmishers, resulting on the whole favorably to our arms until June 13, when the enemy seemed to bring us to a halt at Lost Mountain; First Brigade in reserve.

