
one night, August 27, then moving still to the right until we halted on the Atlanta and West Point Railroad. August 28, about twelve miles from Atlanta, where we threw up temporary works, our left resting on the railway. August 29, we advanced in line with our left on the road as protection to those destroying the track, returning before dark to our former position, having succeeded in rendering the railway useless at least for some time. August 30, we moved in southeasterly direction toward the Macon railway through some of the finest country we have passed through in Georgia; camped near wagon train some three miles from Jonesborough. August 31, off by daylight, halting at cross-roads near Muscle Shoal Church, guarding cross-road until evening, when our division was ordered to support of Army of the Tennessee, but found that one of their divisions had been pushed forward for that purpose.
September 2, guarding Fourteenth Corps train, when we were ordered to Jonesborough, my command acting as rear guard for our corps. September 4, camped south of Jonesborough on right of railway, and moved to west of two behind old rebel works. September 5, ordered to be in readiness to move by daylight, and about 10 o'clock formed line refused on right of brigade about 100 yards off; rebels advanced in our front and we fell slowly back through town to some old rebel works of 1st instant, left brigade resting on railway. Relieved next morning, September 6, by Third Division, which virtually ended our part taken in the campaign.

Epitome: I left Ringgold, Ga., May 7, 1864, with 314 guns, and entered Atlanta, September 8, 1864, with 249 guns. My casualties were-2 officers killed and 10 wounded; 7 enlisted men killed, 3 died of wounds; 40 wounded, and 1 man missing; total, 12 killed, 50 wounded, and 1 missing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

C. E. BRIANT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighty-eighth Indiana Vols.

Numbers 96.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William G. Halpin, Fifteenth Kentucky Infantry.

ATLANTA, GA., September 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of the Fifteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry during the campaign just ended:

The regiment left Chattanooga on the morning of the 2nd of May and joined the brigade at Ringgold on the evening of the same day. Here the regiment was drilled during the 3d, 4th, 5th, and 6th of May, and left with the brigade on the morning of the 7th with 267 muskets. After a short march the regiment was drawn up in line of battle and advanced in that order, skirmishing with the enemy until the evening of the 8th, when the brigade arrived in front of Buzzard Roost. In the afternoon of the 9th the Fifteenth, in connection with the Forty-second Indiana, was ordered to ascend the western slope of Rocky Face Ridge to reconnoiter the enemy's position, and, if possible, discover a vulnerable point in his lines. After advancing a strong skirmish line, supported by the balance of the regiment, to the summit of the slope, a perpendicular wall of solid rock at least

