
with the enemy's skirmishers. At this point Captain Waggener, brigade adjutant-general, was killed early in the day in front of our works. His body was left inside the enemy's lines until the afternoon, when a detachment from the regiment occupied this position until the 2nd of June, constantly skirmishing with the enemy, losing 1 man killed and 6 wounded. In the afternoon of the 2nd the line was changed forward nearly at right angles with that originally held, and the regiment relieved that evening and retired one-half mile. It lay in this position until the morning of the 6th of June, when it marched in the direction of Big Shanty, the enemy having previously retired. Engaged in marching and counter marching until the 16th; the regiment on the afternoon of that day found itself confronting the enemy before Kenesaw Mountain. The 17th and 18th were devoted to skirmishing, the main line being advanced, as well as the skirmish line, on the evening of the 18th, about half a mile. During the night the enemy again retired and the regiment marched next day in pursuit and took up a position close to the base of Kenesaw at midnight of the 20th. Here it lay close to the works of the enemy, constantly skirmishing and subject to a raking fire from several batteries, until the night of the 22d, when it was relieved; retired and lay in reserve until the night of the 27th, when it was again placed on the skirmish line, and remained there until the night of the 2nd of July. The balance of the army being moved to the right, the brigade was relieved from duty in the center, and marched to the left, where the men were engaged during the night constructing breast-works, but the morning of the 3rd revealed Kenesaw deserted by the enemy, and the regiment was immediately marched through Marietta and four miles south, where the troops bivouacked for the night. In the afternoon of the 4th the regiment was moved to the right of the Second Brigade and began to erect works on the skirmish line close to the enemy's main line. After working all night it was discovered on the morning of the 5th that the enemy had abandoned his formidable works and retired to the Chattahoochee. At daylight the regiment was put in motion and moved rapidly forward until the enemy's skirmish line was struck near the railroad, about one and a half miles from the rive.r Here the regiment was placed to support the Thirty-third Ohio, deployed as skirmishers, until retired across the railroad, where it lay under a galling fire of the enemy's sharpshooters until the morning of the 9th, when it was deployed on the skirmish line. Early in the day the line was ordered to be advanced in connection with that of the Third Brigade on our right and the Third Division on our left. The regiment advanced some 300 yards, driving the enemy from his skirmish pits into his main works. We occupied the rifle-pits of the enemy until he threw a strong line against the Third Division, which gave away, exposing our left flank, which compelled us to retire to our original position. During the night the enemy retired across the Chattahoochee. The Fifteenth Kentucky following up at daylight, found the railroad and pike bridges burned. We skirmished for some time with the enemy's rear guard until relieved, when we returned to our former position across the railroad, where we remained until the morning of the 17th. On that day we crossed the Chattahoochee at Pace's Ferry, and soon after commenced skirmishing with the enemy, which continued until the 20th. In the afternoon of that day the enemy assaulted our lines in strong force,

