
forcing a portion of the One hundred and fourth Illinois from their works. The Fifteenth, seeing the rebel colors planted on the works of the One hundred and fourth, opened fire in conjunction with that regiment and soon caused a hasty retreat. The skirmish line was then advanced, and followed up on the morning of the 22nd to a point near Atlanta, the enemy having retreated inside his works around the city during the night. Here works were constructed, while skirmishing continued during the day. We were relieved that night and remained in reserve until the 26th, when we relieved the Seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on the front line west of the railroad. Here the regiment remained skirmishing with the enemy until the 2nd of August, when the skirmish line was advanced and new works built some 300 yards in advance of the old position. On the morning of the 3rd the brigade was moved tot he extreme right of our lines, and in the afternoon of the 5th made a reconnaissance on the enemy's left. This accomplished we were moved back the same night some two miles, and took up a position on the front line at daylight on the 6th. On the morning of the 7th the main line was advanced and new works constructed. In the afternoon of that day the brigade skirmish line was advanced and the regiment ordered forward to occupy the rifle-pits of the enemy between the left of our line and the Fifteenth Army Corps. While marching to this position we were subject to a very severe fire in front and flank. We held our position during the day under trying circumstances, and built substantial works during the night. At this when the skirmish line was gain advanced. The enemy's skirmish pits were captured, occupied, and strengthened. Many prisoners were also captured. Our skirmishers remained in this last position, the regiment in its main works, until the night of the 26th August, when we moved with the main body of the army and bivouacked on the Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad on the evening of the 29th. Next day we skirmished with the enemy, while the Second and Third Brigades were destroying that road. From the morning of the 30th until the evening of the 2nd of September the regiment accompanied the brigade as guards to the Fourteenth Army Corps train, when we reached Jonesborough, Ga., and heard of the fall of Atlanta.

The losses of the regiment from the 7th of May to the 2nd of September, 1864, inclusive, are as follows: Killed, officers, 1; men, 5, Wounded, officers, 6; men, 46. Missing, men, 3. Total, 61.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

WM. G. HALPIN,

Lieutenant Colonel Fifteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry.

Captain J. W. FORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 97.

Report of Captain Thaddeus A. Minshall, Thirty-third Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September --, 1864.

SIR: In accordance with orders received from headquarters First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Corps, I have the honor to

