
thrown into considerable disorder. A great part of the regiment succeeded in passing these obstacles and some got within 100 yards of the enemy's works before they were checked. It soon became evident that all efforts to storm the works would be futile, and the men were ordered to shelter themselves behind everything the ground afforded, which they did, and then kept up the fight in splendid order until dark. In a short time, so steady and effectual was their fire, the enemy hardly dare to show himself in his works, and the gunners of a battery immediately upon our left were quite driven away from their pieces. About dark orders were received to throw out a strong line of pickets and then to withdraw from the ground, which was done, to the foot of the bluff. About 9 o'clock at night the regiment was relieved by a battalion of the Sixteenth U. S. Infantry and moved back a short distance to the rear and permitted to rest for the night. The loss of regiment was 15 killed and 42 wounded. Among the killed were Captain McKain and Lieutenant Higby. Captain McKain was a brave and efficient officer and had been through all the hard-fought battles that have given its world-wide celebrity to the Army of the Cumberland. He fell while gallantly leading his men in the charge. Lieutenant Higby was a brave and gallant youth; had just returned to the regiment from confinement as a prisoner of war at Richmond before the commencement of the campaign, having effected his escape with Colonel Streigth through the famous tunnel. he was killed in the act of firing a gun. Lieutenant-Colonel Montgomery was slightly wounded in the onset of the charge, but did not quit the field. The conduct of the men and officers was all their commander could have asked, and I have frequently heard him express himself in terms of the highest admiration of their conduct on that day.

On 15th May nothing of importance occurred with the regiment; were in rear line of works. May 16, marched to Resaca and camped. may 17, crossed Oostenaula, passed through Calhoun, and camped late at night near hospital Second Division, Fourth Army Corps. May 18, marched to within five miles of Kingston, and camped three miles beyond. May 20, marched in the direction of Cassville and camped on the railroad near a saw-mill. On the 21st and 22nd nothing of importance occurred. At this point orders were received to dispose of all baggage but that which could be carried upon the person and to go stripped for battle. In accordance with this order the baggage that could not be carried was sent back to Chattanooga for storage, and the regimental teams turned over to the quartermaster's department. On the 23rd May moved early in the morning, crossed the Etowah by wading, and camped some five miles beyond in line of battle along a skirt of timber facing an open field on the south. May 24, marched to Burnt Hickory. May 25, remained in same situation. May 26, marched to Pumpkin Vine Creek. May 27, moved to left several miles, threw up works, and bivouacked. May 28, early in morning cavalry became engaged in our front; were ordered to be ready to move immediately; crossed the open field by the flank and formed a line of battle in timber, with Ninety-fourth Ohio immediately upon right; Companies G and I were deployed as skirmishers. They drove back the rebel line then advancing, and the regiment moved forward about 100 yards, and, in conjunction with Ninety-fourth Ohio and Twenty-first Wisconsin formed a flank line and threw up works.

