
Remained in this position to 2nd June, nothing further of importance occurring than some light skirmishing. June 2, advanced line by winging to the right; center of regiment rested at on old house on the prolongation of general line; constructed works and was then relieved by Thirty-eighth Ohio, Colonel Este's brigade, Third Division. With the brigade the regiment retired into a woods, a small distance to the rear, and rested. Nothing further of interest occurred until the 6th of June; on this day marched in the direction of Kenesaw Mountain about five miles and bivouacked; nothing worthy of notice occurring in the interim. On the - June marched about three miles toward Kenesaw Mountain and camped. From this time to the 17th June, the regiment with the brigade being in reserve, nothing worthy of mention occurred, some changes in situation only being made. On the evening of the 17th June relieved a regiment of Second Brigade. June 18, advanced our line half a mile and constructed works; loss on skirmish line, 1 killed. June 19, the enemy having evacuated his works on our front, in obedience to orders from the general commanding brigade, a party of fifty men, under command of Captain Hinson, were sent out to make a reconnaissance. It was pushed close to the mountain. The party captured an ambulance and driver; loss, 1 wounded and 1 missing. In night moved toward the mountain and bivouacked. June 20, were moved toward the right, and relieved in the night Ninth Indiana, Fourth Corps, in works confronting Little Kenesaw. June 21, were heavily shelled by the enemy; loss, 1 wounded; was relieved on the - June by Sixty-ninth Ohio, Second Brigade, nothing of interest occurring in the interval more than what is usual in works closely confronting the enemy. Remained in reserve until the - June, when we relieved a battalion of the regular brigade in works just to the right of those we occupied when last on the line. Were relieved in this position on the night of 2nd July. The works closely confronted the enemy and the men were much annoyed by his fire. They could only protect themselves by remaining close to their works during the day; lost in this position on the 2nd July 1 wounded; commenced in the night to position on the 2nd July 1 wounded; commenced in the night to construct a line of works running southwest from Kenesaw Mountain. July 3, the enemy having evacuated his position at the mountain on the preceding night, further work on the line was abandoned, and the regiment ordered to be ready to march immediately; passed through Marietta and bivouacked some three miles beyond in a piece of timber on the right of the railroad. July 4, moved, in obedience to orders, early in the morning and took a position to the front and right of the ground occupied previous night and along the skirt of a piece of timber facing an open field to the south; constructed works; were annoyed considerably by one of the enemy's batteries; nothing further of interest occurred. July 5, the enemy having evacuated his works on the previous night, were ordered to march early in the morning. After moving some three miles the regiment was ordered to move forward and explore a road leading toward the railroad bridge on the Chattahoochee River. Two companies, A and F, were deployed as skirmishers. They soon encountered the enemy, and being unable to drive him, the remainder of the regiment was deployed likewise. The whole line now moved forward, got possession of a portion of the railroad, and pressed the enemy back along it toward the river, meeting with considerable resistance. He finally made a stand in works he had previously constructed, the line of which crossed the

