
road on our front, and had an open field before them. It was determined imprudent to undertake to carry the works without further support, and a halt was ordered. We soon after received orders from the colonel commanding brigade to wait the movements of the skirmishers of the Second Division on our right, to, as soon as we heard their firing, charge across the field and drive out the enemy, if possible. The Second Division did not come up, and the movement was therefore not made. Loss, 1 killed, 9 wounded. July 6, was relieved early in morning by Forty-second Indiana. On 7th, 8th, and 9th the regiment was in reserve and nothing of importance occurred that I have to report. July 10, the regiment was ordered to make a reconnaissance toward the railroad bridge over the river, which revealed the fact that the enemy had evacuated his works and retreated across the river, destroying the bridges. After exchanging a few shots with his pickets across the waters of the Chattahoochee, were ordered to return; camped near railroad and about two miles from the river. On 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, and 16th there was no change in the situation of this regiment, and nothing of importance occurred that I have to report. July 17, marched in obedience to orders; crossed the river at Pace's Ferry, and bivouacked in line of battle some two miles east of it. July 18, advanced; regiment was in front line of brigade; Company G was deployed as skirmishers; crossed Nancy's Creek and drove the enemy beyond Peach Tree Creek, the enemy resisted the advance of our skirmishers with considerable obstinacy; constructed works along a road near Donelson's shanty; loss, 2 wounded. July 19, moved in night toward the right and bivouacked in an open field. July 20, moved at 3 o'clock in the morning; crossed Peach Tree Creek about daylight; advanced in line of battle; the regiment was formed in the rear line of the brigade and on the right; moved forward about half a mile, halted, and commenced the construction of works, but were soon ordered to quit work. About 3 p. m. a furious assault was made of front lines by the enemy, which lasted until night; regiment completed works under fire; loss, 6 wounded.

July 21, the regiment was ordered forward to support the skirmish line. Two companies, A and F, were deployed as skirmishers. The enemy made an obstinate resistance, but were finally driven in upon their works along the crest of a hill, and the regiment after dark constructed works along a road running in around its base. Loss, 1 killed and 8 wounded. Among the wounded was Lieutenant Campbell; he has since died of his wound. He was a brave and efficient young officer. July 22, in obedience to orders, the regiment advanced at early daylight; passed through an almost impenetrable thicket of underbrush, and came upon the rebel works, which were found to have been evacuated in the night. Men were then permitted to get their breakfasts, after which orders were received to march into Atlanta. Marched by the flank about three miles, when we were met by the enemy around the city. He advanced to attack us. The regiment was placed in position on a ridge running nearly at right angles with the railroad, some two miles from Atlanta, and constructed works under a heavy fire. The day was exceedingly hot, and 5 men fell from the effects of sunstroke. Were relieved in the evening and placed in reserve; loss, 1 killed. Remained in reserve until 26th July, when we relieved the Sixty-ninth Ohio, of Third Brigade, in works west of the railroad. 27th July, nothing of importance occurred with the regiment that I have to report. July 28, Company E was sent out to support the skirmish line.

