
wounded. August 19 usual amount of skirmishing; no casualties.

August 20, considerable skirmish firing; casualties, 2 killed. Also constructed a line of works on the right.

August 21, were relieved at daylight and placed in reserve. Remained in same position till 26th August, nothing worthy of notice occurring that I have to report. On the 26th, in the night, moved to the right some three miles and took position in a new line of works. August 27, nothing further than a little skirmishing occurred. August 28, moved early in the morning and marched to the Atlanta and West Point Railroad, and formed a line and constructed some rude works near Red Oak. August 29, early in the morning, in obedience to orders, the regiment moved north along the railroad. After passing the picket-line I was ordered to throw out three companies as skirmishers, and with the rest of the battalion in reserve, move off the right until I came to a house that lay in the direction and to protect that flank. Companies C, E, and K, were deployed; reached the position without meeting any opposition; remained here some three hours, when I received orders to retire the skirmish line and bring it back to the works left in the morning, and which was accordingly done and without any difficulty. August 30, moved at an early hour; marched about ten miles and went into camp in the edge of a piece of timber. August 31, marched at daylight. On reaching the picket-line on the road to Jonesborough, I received orders to deploy the regiment as skirmishers on either side of the road. Immediately caused this to be done and moved forward. On moving about a mile I reached a road over which the Fifteenth Corps had passed that morning and the head of the column of the Seventeenth Corps were just coming up. Here, in obedience to orders, I halted the regiment and caused it to be assembled, then constructed slight works, and remained quiet until evening. In the evening marched two miles toward Jonesborough, then counter marched and returned to the camp of last night.

September 1, marched early in the morning about three miles on the Fayetteville road; was placed in position with the left of the regiment resting on the road, and there constructed works. September 2, marched to Jonesborough and camped. This concluded the participation of this command in the operations of the campaign of Northern Georgia up to the fall of Atlanta, on the 1st instant. It is probably proper to state that on the morning of the 6th instant I received orders to construct works immediately; shortly after to send out two companies, and G and H were accordingly detailed; within an hour they were outflanked by the enemy and driven in, with loss of 1 killed and 2 wounded. The killed was Lieutenant Sykes, a brave and valuable officer. In about another hour I received orders to withdraw my regiment, which was done in good order. Bivouacked at night a mile or so north of Jonesborough. The next day withdrew from here early in the morning and marched to Rough and Ready. September 8, marched at an early hour and went into camp at this place, in the afternoon.

The total loss of the regiment in the way of casualties during the campaign has been 4 commissioned officers killed and 5 wounded; 22 enlisted men killed, 95 wounded; aggregate, 127 killed and wounded.

T. A. MINSHALL,

Captain, Commanding Thirty-third Ohio Volunteers.

Captain J. W. FORD, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

