
Numbers 98.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Rue P. Hutchins, Ninety-fourth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-FOURTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 11, 1864.

In obedience to circular from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report as follows:

This command moved with the army from Ringgold, Ga., May 7, 1864. Was engaged at Buzzard Roost as skirmishers May 11; 1 man killed and 1 mortally wounded. Moved to the right, through Snake Creek Gap, May 12, Was in the engagement at Resaca, May 14, Company E deployed as skirmishers, Lieutenant James Mitchell in command. Lieutenant Mitchell was wounded at 12 m. on skirmish line. At 2 p. m. an assault upon the enemy's works was ordered. The line moved forward, but were not successful in reaching the enemy's works. Were fortunate in finding cover in a small ravine, where the command did some close shooting, which forced the enemy to keep under cover of his works until dark, when we withdrew; lost 13 men killed and 33 wounded. At 8 a. m., May 15, were placed in second line. The enemy evacuated on the night of the 15th; moved in pursuit on the 16th. Found the enemy near Dallas, May 26. Were placed in front and skirmished with the enemy until June 2. On the night of June 5 the enemy withdrew to Lost Mountain. We were not in the front until June 17. Near Kenesaw Mountain, June 21, 1 man wounded on skirmish line; 9 p. m., were placed in second line of works. June 22, artillery firing heavy; 1 commissioned officer and 6 men wounded by shell from the enemy's guns.

July 1, 1 man killed by rebel sharpshooter. During the night of July 2 the enemy evacuated his position and retreated four miles below Marietta. The night of July 9 the enemy again withdrew across the Chattahoochee River. Camped on the opposite side of river from the enemy until July 17, when we moved across the river. During the engagement July 20 we were in support of the left wing of brigade; lost 1 man killed and 7 wounded by rebel shell. July 22, were engaged in front of Atlanta; 2 men wounded.

August 7, advanced the lines; 3 men wounded. August 13, 1 man killed. August 15, 1 man killed. August 20, 1 man wounded. August 24, 1 man killed. Moved the night of the 26th; no casualties in regiment since.

The officers and men of the command have done nobly. They have proved themselves brave and efficient in all skirmishes and engagements during the campaign.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUE P. HUTCHINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. W. FORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 21 men killed and 2 officers and 53 men wounded; total, 76.

---------------

