
Numbers 99.

Report of Major Michael H. Fitch, Twenty-first Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST WISCONSIN VOL. INFANTRY,Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of this regiment during the campaign commencing May 7, at Ringgold, Ga., and ending September 8, 1864, at Atlanta, Ga.:

May 7, moved south toward Buzzard Roost and at Tunnel Hill formed line of battle, but met with no enemy. May 9, by order of General Carlin, this regiment and the Thirty-third Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Montgomery, both under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hobart, made a reconnaissance of the western face of Rocky Face Ridge south of the gap for the purpose of gaining the crest. After passing with much caution along the base of the ridge for a mile skirmishers from both regiments were deployed, and the ascent began. The regiment advanced behind the skirmishers and halted when the latter had gained the foot of an almost perpendicular crest on the upper edge of which the rebel skirmishers were posted. The ascent being there found impracticable, the detachment was ordered back by General Carlin. Several shots were exchanged, and 1 rebel hit; no casualties to this regiment.

May 12, moved through Snake Creek Gap toward Resaca, and on the 14th, brigade being formed in two lines near Resaca, the Twenty-first being the third regiment in the front line, at 10 a. m. the movement against the enemy began. One company (K) was on the skirmish line and skirmished very heavily with the enemy for about half a mile through thick undergrowth and in very hilly woods. The enemy's skirmishers were driven from the woods and across an open field beyond a tortuous creek into their main line of works. This regiment with the others in the brigade were formed near the edge of the wood, on a high bank of the creek, in the same order in which they had advanced, and, by order of General Carlin, commanding brigade, charged through the creek and across the open field upon the enemy's works, which were distant about 300 yards. The creek in many places was waist deep to the men, and in moving through the ranks were very much broken. In this broken condition it emerged into the open field under a most galling fire from the enemy, in which it was impossible to again reform. In the impetuosity of the charge many of the men were ahead of the regiment, but were compelled to take shelter after advancing about half-way across the field, where they encountered another branch, and those behind, seeing the hopelessness of gaining the enemy's works, took shelter behind stumps and whatever offered protection. The most of the regiment during the afternoon fell back to the creek and remained there under the shelter of temporary works, from which they kept up a fire upon the enemy that kept them close under their works until after dark, when those yet in the open field joined them, and the regiment was relieved and retired with the balance of the brigade to the rear to bivouac during the night. In the engagement the regiment lost in killed 9 men, and wounded 2 officers, Second Lieutenants Harding and Fargo (both commanding companies), and 36 men. The enemy having evacuated Resaca on the night of the

