
15th May, the regiment moved with the brigade in all its marches and went into position with it on Pumpkin Vine Creek, near Dallas, Ga., May 27.

May 28, two companies of this regiment, under Captains Weisbrod and Edwards, drove the enemy's skirmishers from a very strong position on a wooded ridge and established our skirmish line 200 yards in advance, and within that distance of the enemy's main line. The regiment took position on the ridge from which the enemy's skirmishers had been driven.

May 30, about 6 p. m. that part of the line on which the Twenty-first was posted was attacked by part of Hood's corps, which advanced from their main works in line of battle. The skirmish line drove them back, and those of this regiment took 1 wounded prisoner. Three dead rebels were left in front of the skirmish line of the regiment. This position was held until June 2, when the regiment was relieved by the One hundred and fifth Ohio, of a brigade from General Baird's division, having been constantly skirmishing with the enemy for six days, and much of the time the rebels and ours occupying the summit of the same ridge within 30 yards of each other, firing constantly. During these six days' skirmishing lost 4 men killed and 24 wounded.

June 6, marched within three miles of Acworth and changed position from day to day with the brigade. When near Big Shanty, June 17, the skirmish line of the brigade became again heavily engaged with the enemy, driving him about a half mile. June 18, the skirmish line of the brigade, of which fifty men from this regiment formed a part, charged upon the enemy's rifle-pits and drove his skirmishers into the main line, capturing 13 prisoners, of whom the skirmishers of the Twenty-first took 7. The enemy that night abandoned his position and fell back to Kenesaw Mountain, and the regiment moved up and took position at that place. Here the movements are identical with those of the brigade, changing position as ordered from one part of the line of the army to another, constantly under the fire from the enemy's artillery, and a part of the regiment nearly every day on the skirmish line.

In the night of July 2, 1864, the enemy again evacuated his position; during this engagement lost 3 killed and 3 wounded. July 3, marched through Marietta, Ga., and went into camp about three miles south of that place. July 4, this regiment was deployed as skirmishers, covering the brigade, and advanced about one mile south, where they came upon the enemy's works and became sharply engaged with his skirmishers, driving them. July 5, the enemy fell back to the Chattahoochee and the brigade followed. Having advanced about two miles this regiment, under Major M. H. Fitch, and the Tenth Wisconsin Infantry, under Captain Roby (the detachment being commanded by the former officer), were sent by order of Colonel McCook, commanding brigade, on a road leading to the right from the main column for the purpose of opening communication with General McPherson's column, which was moving south parallel with the column and west of it; the detachment, preceded by skirmishers, advanced about two miles, when it came upon a part of the line of rebel works at the Chattahoochee River, behind which the enemy was posted in force. The road upon which it had moved is the main thoroughfare from Marietta to Atlanta. The rebel skirmishers were driven during the whole march; the detachment took position at the forks a road nine and a half miles

