
from Atlanta, and being relieved about 3 p. m. by General Davis' division, joined the brigade in position east of it about one mile, having killed 2 rebels and taken 2 prisoners; no casualties occurred to the detachment. July 17, advanced across the Chattahoochee River, skirmishers from the regiment engaging and driving those of the enemy every day until the 20th of July, when the regiment, lying in the second line of the brigade on the crest of a hill near Peach, Tree Creek, was ordered by Colonel McCook, commanding brigade, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hobart, commanding second line, to move down the hill into the ravine and take position. At this time, about 4 p. m., a rebel line of battle had attacked most furiously the One hundred and fourth Illinois on the northern face of the hill beyond the ravine into which the Twenty-first was ordered, but the order not having been given to the commanding officer of this regiment, and he supposing the order was to move in support of the One-hundred and fourth Illinois against the rebels, charged upon the double-quick up the hill to the right of that regiment, the rebels falling back at the beginning of the movement, before the Twenty-first reached the position, leaving their dead and wounded on the field. In this affair the regiment lost 3 wounded. July 21, at 7 p. m. moved south one mile and threw up heavy earthworks, but July 22, the rebels having again fallen back, at daylight, we advanced to Atlanta and took position on the north side of that city.

August 7, the regiment, in the mean time, having moved toward the right of the position of our army, about 4 p. m. General Carlin ordered two companies of this regiment to be deployed against the rifle-pits occupied by the enemy's skirmishers. The first division of the regiment, commanded by Captain Henry Turner, was moved forward, and they were supported in a few minutes by the second division, under Captain Edwards. These two divisions moved gallantly, but met with such stubborn resistance that the remaining six companies were thrown forward upon the charge, when the rebel pits were carried and several prisoners taken, among whom was a rebel captain. The regiment lost 13 wounded, among whom was Captain Turner, of Company D. This movement gave a good position for the main line to occupy within 150 yards of the enemy's works, which was held until August 21, at 8 p. m., when the regiment moved with the brigade around the left flank of the rebel army. August 28, came to the Montgomery railroad, six miles west of East Point. August 29, deployed as skirmishers in front of the brigade; moved east upon the Montgomery railroad, driving rebel cavalry about two miles, and moved back same day to point of departure. From that date until the present our movements have been merely marches, with the single exception of the retreat in the face of the enemy and in line of battle on September 6, when our skirmishers were engaged with the enemy, and 1 man was reported missing.

The total casualties to the regiment during the campaign are as follows:Killed, 19; wounded, 90; taken prisoners, 3;total, 112.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. FITCH,

Major, Commanding Twenty-first Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain J. W. FORD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

