HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade during the campaign which commenced 7th of May, 1864, at Ringgold, Ga., and ended 1st of September, 1864, at Jonesborough, some twenty-two miles south of Atlanta, on the railroad leading from the latter place to Macon, Ga.:

The brigade was under the command of Brigadier General John H. King, and was constituted as follows: First Battalion, Fifteenth Infantry, Major Albert Tracy, 8 officers, 376 men; Second Battalion, Fifteenth Infantry, Major J. R. Edie, 10 officers, 307 men; First Battalion, Sixteenth Infantry, Captain A. H. Stanton, 8 officers, 245 men; Second Battalion, Sixteenth Infantry, Captain R. P. Barry, 5 officers, 257 men; First Battalion, Eighteenth Infantry, Captain G. W. Smith, 13 officers, 257 men; Second Battalion, Eighteenth Infantry, Captain W. J. Fetterman, 10 officers, 373 men; First Battalion, Nineteenth Infantry, Captain James Mooney, 11 officers, 266 men; Eleventh Regiment Michigan Volunteers, Colonel William L. Stoughton, 16 officers, 428 men. Total, 81 officers, 2,509 men. The brigade staff at the commencement of the campaign was: First Lieutenant William J. Lyster, aide-de-camp, acting assistant adjutant-general and ordnance officer; First Lieutenant H. G. Litchfield, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain J. B. Mulligan, provost-marshal; Captain J. R. Morledge, commissary of subsistence; Surg. Lewis Slusser, brigade medical director.

We left Ringgold on the morning of the 7th with the rest of the division, marching via Tunnel Hill in the direction of Dalton, Ga., the vicinity of which place we reached on the 9th of May, took position in front of Buzzard Roost Mountain, within range of the enemy's guns, posted on its summit. The brigade remained in this position till the 11th, when it was moved back about half a mile to get out of range of the rebel guns, some small loss having been sustained from their fire. On the 11th the Sixty-ninth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Colonel M. F. Moore, having returned from its veteran furlough, rejoined the brigade with 23 officers and 324 men. On the 12th broke up camp at daylight and marched for Snake Creek Gap, which point we reached after night-fall, and bivouacked till morning. On the 13th the brigade was put in line of battle, moving in the direction of Resaca, Ga., with the Eighteenth Infantry as skirmishers. On the 14th the line of battle was kept up, and skirmishing continued throughout the day, which ended in driving the enemy to their works in and about Resaca. Occupying a position with the rest of our corps in the center of the army, we lay within 800 yards of the enemy's intrenchments till the morning of the 16th, being under fire all the time. On this morning, the commanding officer of the Eighteenth Infantry having been directed to detail a company to advance and feel for the enemy, Captain Anson Mills was sent with his company to the front and entered Resaca, returning with some 20 prisoners, and reporting that the enemy had evacuated Resaca and left our front. The brigade then moved into Resaca, and on the morning of the 17th started with the rest of the army in pursuit, passing through Adairsville and Calhoun on the 18th, Kingston on the 19th, and to a point near Cass Station on the 20th, where we remained till the 24th. At this point all the regimental wagons were taken, by order of the division commander, which will account for the subsequent delay in reports, all company

