
the Chattahoochee at Pace's Ferry. On the 13th, and during our stay on the north side of the Chattahoochee. General Johnson having returned from leave of absence, General King resumed command of the brigade. On the 15th of July the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteers were temporarily detached from this brigade and attached to the Third Brigade of the division. July 18, pushed forward and crossed Nancy's Creek in pursuit. July 20, crossed Peach Tree Creek and took position in line of battle in the afternoon of that day. Here, although the brigade was not actively engaged with the enemy, it was exposed to a dangerous fire of shell and canister, which the enemy opened our forces. In the evening the brigade was ordered to the left about two miles to fill a gap on General Newton's left, the Fifteenth Infantry being detached and sent to a mill farther to the left to guard a bridge crossing the Peach Tree Creek. Remained in this position till the morning of July 22, when we rejoined the division and marched in the direction of Atlanta until within two miles of that place, where we took position, built works, and remained till August 3, all the time under severe musketry and artillery fire. During these twelve days all the battalions composing the brigade were engaged at different times on the picket and skirmish line, and in the face of fire engaged in steadily forcing the enemy back from our front. August 3, the brigade marched to the extreme right of the army and camped for the night. August 4, ordered to the front near Utoy Creek, where the Eighteenth and a part of the Fifteenth were deployed as skirmishers, and the rest of the brigade drawn up in line of battle near Bankston's house. The skirmishers drove the rebel picket across the Utoy, when we were ordered back for the purpose of breaking camp and crossing the Utoy, which we did that night. August 5, this brigade was sent out with First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, on reconnaissance, remaining out till dark, when upon our return we were ordered to the left, bivouacking in a field near the Utoy Creek. On the morning of the 6th we took position in the line of our army in works to the right of the Fifteenth Corps. On this day General King again assumed command of the division, and being notified that I was the senior officer present with the brigade for duty, I took command. General King did not return to the brigade during the remainder of the campaign. Lieutenant Colonel M. Mudge, Eleventh Michigan Volunteers, who joined after Colonel Stoughton was wounded. Was present with the command, but was sick at the time and did duty but two days from the 6th until his regiment was withdrawn from the brigade; those were the 7th and 8th.

August 7, about 1 p. m. I was directed by the division commander to throw forward the Eighteenth Infantry as a skirmish line, to be followed by the Fifteenth Infantry in line of battle. This was done, and subsequently the Eleventh Michigan was sent forward to take position on the right of the Fifteenth. A spirited and determined engagement ensued, which resulted in driving the enemy from his rifle-pits, capturing a large number of prisoners, and advancing our line to within 150 yards of the enemy's main line of works. Here works were thrown up at night, and the position held until our army made its grand movement to the right, on the night of the 26th of August. I cannot speak too highly of the conduct displayed by the officers and men in this engagement. It was as severe as any of the campaign, and right well and nobly did the forces engaged sustain themselves. Captain L. M. Kellogg, commanding the Eighteenth; Captain Horace Jewett, commanding the First

