
Battalion, Fifteenth Infantry, and Captain W. S. McManus, commanding the Second Battalion, Fifteenth, are entitled to be mentioned with special commendation for their bravery and for the skill with which they handled their commands. Captain James Curtis, who had been in command of the First Battalion, Fifteenth Infantry, was struck in the mouth with a musket-ball just before the Fifteenth advanced. I respectfully refer to the reports of battalion and detachment commanders for the names of those officers who distinguished themselves on this occasion. Our casualties in this engagement were quite large, having lost 4 officers wounded, 22 enlisted men killed, 146 wounded, and 7 missing, making an aggregate of 179. The loss of the enemy is not accurately known, but it is believed to have nearly equaled ours in killed and wounded, and there was sent to the rear by the troops of this brigade over 125 prisoners, besides a considerable number sent to the rear who fell into the hands of troops not engaged in the fight. During the night of the 7th a spirited attempt was made to dislodge us from the ground we had gained, but was handsomely repulsed. On two successive days (19th and 20th), while we remained in the works at this position, our places were taken by an extension of the lines of the First Brigade, while we moved on each of those days some three miles to the right, to make, in connection with two brigades of the Second and two of the Third Division, a support to the Twenty-third Corps. On the night of the 26th of August, at 8 o'clock, we withdrew from the works, and moved with the rest of the army to the right, commencing that series of movements which ended the battle of Jonesborough, on the 1st day of September. We marched some three miles to the right on the 26th, went into camp, and remained there during next day, and on the evening of the 28th reached the West Point railroad, which we assisted in destroying on the 29th. On the 30th moved again to the right, camping on the farm of Mrs. Evans, about two miles from Renfroe's. The 31st marched to Renfroe's in the morning, went into line of battle, and about the middle of the afternoon moved in the direction of the Macon railroad for about a mile and a half, when we were halted and ordered back to our camp of the previous night. At an early hour on the 1st of September we moved in the direction of Jonesborough. On this day memorable engagement of Jonesborough took place. As I have made that engagement the subject of a special report, I would respectfully refer to that report for an account of the day's operations, and ask that it be considered a part of this, in order that I may not be too voluminous. On the 2nd we went into Jonesborough, where we remained till the afternoon of the 4th, when we leisurely fell back to a position near Atlanta, which place we have occupied since.

At the commencement of the campaign we had 109 commissioned officers and 2,933 enlisted men. This number was increased during the campaign be recruits joining the different regiments to the number of at least 300. On the 15th of July the Sixty-ninth Ohio was detached from the brigade. On the 27th of August the Eleventh Michigan was relieved from duty with the brigade and ordered to Chattanooga, preparatory to being mustered out of the service, the time of the regiment having nearly expired. The casualties of the brigade during the entire campaign were, 1 officer killed and 16 wounded; 122 enlisted men killed, 512 wounded, and 43 missing, making an aggregate of 694. It is proper to state that Captain E. Gay joined the Sixteenth Infantry, and assumed command of it at Cass Station, and Captain Lyman M. Kellogg joined and assumed command

