
May 11, broke camp and marched to Buzzard Roost Gap, and there the command reported to General King, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. On the next evening the regiment continued their line of march, passing through Snake Creek Gap, and reaching the battle-ground of Resaca at sunset on the 13th day of May, and was placed in position on the front line and was relieved late in the evening by the Seventy-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. The command going to the left, taking a new position on the front line, remained there until morning, and at 9 a. m. skirmishers were thrown out and the line advanced, the enemy's skirmishers obstinately contesting the ground, the enemy's line of skirmishers having been heavily re-enforced. Our line having steadily advanced, came upon them at 12 m., and the order to charge being given, the regiment advanced, under a heavy fire and through heavy underbrush, in advance of the line upon the enemy, driving them into their works and developing their line. The regiment remained in front of the enemy's works until the morning of the 17th day of May, capturing 8 prisoners. The enemy evacuated their works on the night previous. The command then left for Pumpkin Vine Creek, and reached there on the 27th, and commenced throwing up earth-works and continued skirmishing with the enemy until the 5th day of June, at which time the enemy evacuated their works.

June 6, the regiment started for Kenesaw Mountain and came in sight of it on the 11th, and on the night of the 22nd of June the regiment was placed in the front line of works, relieving the Eighty-fourth Indiana, belonging to the Fourth Army Corps, where it remained until the night of the 27th, when the brigade was relieved; the command going to the rear and remaining in reserve until the night of July 2, at which time the enemy evacuated their works. On the morning of the 3rd the command marched in pursuit of the enemy, passing through the town of Marietta, our skirmishers engaging those of the enemy in the evening. The regiment then threw up earth-works, and remained in them during the night. The next day the enemy was driven from his line of works and retreated from our front, leaving us in possession of his main line of works. On the 5th day of July the regiment joined in pursuit of the enemy, taking 3 prisoners. The regiment was then engaged in doing picket duty until the 17th, when it crossed the Chattahoochee River, and on the night of the 19th of July crossed Peach Tree Creek, and on the 20th was placed in position and commenced throwing up a line of works. On the 21st the regiment was ordered in front of the works for the purpose of charging the enemy's skirmishers then lying in their rifle-pits, 400 yards in advance of our line. The regiment was supported on the right by the Seventy-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry. The order to charge was given at 4 p. m., when the line advanced on a double-quick under a severe fire from the enemy. The enemy's line was gained, and they were driven from their works, the regiment taking 35 prisoners, and drove the enemy a quarter of a mile. The regiment halted and threw up earth-works. On the morning of July 22 the command moved forward to within two and a half miles of Atlanta, Ga., and remained in front of the city until the 25th day of August, 1864. Lieutenant-Colonel Brigham was in command of the regiment from the 13th day of May to the 25th day of August, 1864, Colonel M. F. Moore having assumed command of the brigade.

J. H. BRIGHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

