
Numbers 103.

Reports of Captain Horace Jewett, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding First Battalion.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION, FIFTEENTH INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September-, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that a detachment of the Fifteenth Infantry, consisting of six companies of the First Battalion and two companies of the Third Battalion, under the command of Major Albert Tracy, broke up their winter encampment at Graysville, Ga., the 3rd day of May, and marched to Ringgold, a distance of six miles. On the 7th it marched to Tunnel Hill, where it bivouacked. The 9th it took up position in front of Buzzard Roost, where it was subjected to a severe shelling by the enemy, having 1 private killed and 1 corporal and 1 private wounded.

May 12, it marched to Snake Creek Gap, distance thirteen miles. On the 13th, 14th, and 15th was skirmishing with the enemy, losing in the various skirmishes 1 private killed and 4 wounded. On the 16th marched through Resaca and bivouacked. 17th, marched in pursuit of the enemy through Calhous, encamping near Adairsville. 18th, marched a distance of four and a half miles on the road to Kingston, from whence, on the 19th, it marched to the Etowah River. Forded the river on the 24th, and marched six miles on the road to Huntsville. On the 26th it marched into position near Dallas, Ga.

May 27, marched three miles in the direction of New Hope Church, took up position, and was shelled by the enemy. From this time to the 5th of June we were constantly skirmishing with the enemy, losing during the time 1 corporal and 6 privates killed, and 1 corporal and 10 privates wounded. The enemy having left their position on the 6th, the battalion marched toward Acworth, and encamped.

June 10, marched two miles and intrenched, remaining in this position the 11th, 12th, and 13th. From this time to July 3 we were constantly engaged in skirmishing and making approaches to the enemy's position on Kenesaw Mountain, losing in the various skirmishes 1 corporal and 2 privates killed, and 1 corporal and 5 privates wounded. July 3, marched a distance of five miles, through Marietta, Ga., driving their skirmishers from a position at an old house on a hill near Neal Dow Station, our loss being 1 corporal and 1 private killed, and 1 corporal, 1 musician and 5 privates wounded.

July 4, in reserve, and subjected to a severe shelling, losing 3 privates killed and 3 wounded.

July 5, marched three miles toward the Chattahoochee River and went into camp. On the 17th crossed the river and bivouacked. 20th, marched eight miles and took a position in front of Atlanta.

July 22, marched six miles and took up another position, in which it remained during the month, losing 1 private killed and 4 wounded.

August 1, the battalion marched four miles to the right. 2d, marched two miles and took up position. 3d, fortified, and in the morning moved back two miles to the left, and took our position in the front line. 4th, 5th, and 6th, remained in camp. August 7, charged the enemy's works, capturing a few prisoners and advancing our lines-quarter of a mile. Our loss in the engagement was 1 sergeant, 2 corporals, and 9 privates killed; 1 officer, 6 sergeants, 2 corporals, and 50 privates wounded. Here we fortified and remained

