
in camp until the 26th, when we broke up camp, marching six miles to the right. 28th, marched to the Atlanta and West Point Railroad, a part of which we destroyed on the next day. 30th, marched four miles. 31st, marched three miles to the right, returning at night to the camp we left in the morning. September 1, marched two and a half miles and took part in the battle of Jonesborough, of which I send you a report, appended. 2d, marched to Jonesborough, encamping in the outskirts of the town. 6th, marched two miles on the Atlanta road and bivouacked. 7th, marched to Rough and Ready. 8th, marched to our present position near Atlanta.

This command left Graysville with 9 commissioned officers and 380 enlisted men. Company C, Third Battalion, joined from Fort Adams, R. I., with one officer and eighty-nine enlisted men. At Tunnel Hill a leave of absence was granted to Major Albert Tracy, and the command devolved upon Captain A. B. Dod, who retained command until August 1. At this date, Captain Dod receiving a leave of absence to await the acceptation of his resignation, Captain James Curtis relieved him. When we were drawn up in line behind our breast-works, before making the charge of August 7, I was notified that Captain Curtis had been wounded, and being the ranking officer present assumed command.

From the commencement to the ending of this campaign, which has resulted in the capture of Atlanta, it has been one continual series of skirmishes and approaches to the enemy's position, alternately marching, fighting, and fortifying. At least two-thirds of the time we have been subjected to the fire of their artillery and musketry, and our proportion in killed to wounded has been much above the average. Our loss in the various skirmishes and battles is 39 enlisted men killed, 2 officers, 101 enlisted men wounded, and 2 privates missing (supposed to have been captured). The greatest loss and most severe fire sustained at any one time was on the 7th of August. In that charge we were subjected to a direct oblique and enfilading fire of both artillery and musketry from the time we left our works till we took possession of their rifle-pits. The conduct of the officers and men of this battalion during this campaign was entirely satisfactory to myself and highly creditable to them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient, servant,

HORACE JEWETT,

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, Commanding First Battalion.

Captain W. J. FETTERMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

CAMP FIRST BATTALION, FIFTEENTH INFANTRY,

September 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 1st of September a detachment of the Fifteenth Infantry, consisting of four companies of the First, namely, C, F, G, and H, consolidated, and Companies A, B, and C of the Third Battalion, under my command, were in bivouac about five miles from Jonesborough. Between the hours of 7 and 8 in the morning the brigade to which I am attached was ordered to move in the direction of Jonesborough, following the Third Brigade of the division, the detachment taking the right of the brigade. We had marched about two and a half miles on the road when we were ordered into the woods to the left of the road, forming a line of battle facing about southeast, some regiment of

