
the Third Brigade-name unknown-being on my right, the Second Battalion, of the Fifteenth, on my left. After forming line we moved by the right of companies through an open field to the crest of a hill, about 1,000 yards in our front, and here halted, again forming line. We had been in this position about one hour when Prescott's battery was moved forward to a hill 150 yards in our front, and I was ordered to move forward to the support of the battery, forming a line to the left and facing nearly south, the extension of our lines being at an angle of ninety degrees, with the enemy's works in our front. After remaining in this position a short time the command was moved by the left flank about sixty yards, faced to the front, and them ordered, together wit the rest of the brigade, to advance upon the enemy's works, which they had established on the crest of a hill, about 600 yards in our front. Between us and them was an open field, descending the first 300 yards, ascending the rest of the distance. Near the center of the field ran a brook, on the banks of which was an almost impenetrable undergrowth of vines and bushes. We moved the first half of the distance at quick time, but the enemy's fire becoming rather severe, after passing the brook we double-quicked till we got up to their works. Not having support, we were obliged to retire, reforming about 150 yards from their works. The second time we charged their line. Again we were driven back from their works. Our line was reformed about 200 yards to the rear, fresh troops coming up to the attack, we remained there the rest of the night. I went into the battle with 3 officers, 23 non-commissioned officers, and 113 privates. Out of this number I had 4 privates killed; 1 officer, 6 non-commissioned officers, and 4 privates wounded, and 2 privates missing.

To Lieutenant Honey, Harrison, and Williams I am indebted for valuable assistance rendered during the engagement, always in front, leading and encouraging the men by their example. The non-commissioned officers displayed zeal in assisting to carry out orders. Sergeants Lovejoy and Carson, in command of Companies A and B, Third Battalion, deserve a great deal of credit for the manner in which they discharged their duties, the former being wounded within ten yards of the enemy's works.

The men behaved with their usual gallantry, all seeming to be stimulated with the idea that upon his individual efforts depended our final success.

HORACE JEWETT.

[Captain W. J. FETTERMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 104.

Reports of Captain William S. McManus, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding Second Battalion.
HDQRS. SECOND BATTALION, FIFTEENTH U. S. INFANTRY,White Hall, Ga., September 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of the marches, battles, and engagements in which this battalion participated in the campaign of Atlanta:

The battalion, composed of six companies-Company A, commanded by Lieutenant Jackson; Company B, by Captain W. S. Mc-

