
1 man killed and 6 wounded on the 28th; 1 wounded on the 31st, and 1 on June 1. Distance marched during the month of May, 105 miles. On the 5th, of June occupied the enemy's works, and at 10 a. m. next day advanced four miles in the direction of Acworth; went into bivouac, and remained until the 10th instant, when we again moved in the same direction, advancing a portion of the time in line of battle, the battalion being in the first line and on the left of the First Battalion; distance marched this day, four miles. On the 11th instant advanced one mile, built works, and moved in the afternoon by the right of companies to the front, a distance of two miles, and built new works, behind which we lay until the 14th instant, when we advanced one mile and again built new works. On the 16th Colonel Stoughton, who was then in command of the brigade, ordered me, through Major Edie, detachment commander, to deploy the battalion as skirmishers and advance to a strip of woods in our front, and drive the enemy's skirmishers out of it, which was accomplished, and the ground held until evening, when the First Brigade took possession, and I, being relieved, returned to work occupied in the morning. Here we lay until the morning of the 18th instant, when we moved to the front and right the distance of a mile. During the night of the 18th the enemy withdrew to a position on line with Kenesaw Mountain, and on the 19th we advanced to within two miles of the mountain, and on the immediate front. On the 20th moved to the right of Kenesaw, and being in reserve, went into bivouac, concealed by woods, and remained until the night of the 22d, when we moved to the front and relieved troops of Whitaker's brigade, Fourth Army Corps, who were occupying intrenchments; occupied this position until the 27th, losing 1 man killed and 2 wounded, being exposed during the time to the enemy's artillery, they having a battery planted in our immediate front and within 250 yards. Being relieved on the night of the 27th, was ordered in reserve into woods half a mile in rear, where we bivouacked until the night of July 2, at which time we moved to left and relieved troops of the Fifteenth Corps in front of Kenesaw Mountain. Distance marched during the month of June, eighteen miles.

The enemy evacuating on the night of July 2, the ensuing day we followed in pursuit, passing through Marietta, and overtaking the enemy at Neal Dow Station. At 3 p. m. the battalion was ordered out as skirmishers and was engaged until night-fall, losing 3 men wounded. Remained on the line all night and was relieved by the Eighteenth Infantry at daylight of the 4th. At 12 m. moved to the support of Prescott's battery, and at dusk relieved the Eighteenth Infantry on advanced line, and during the night built works. At daylight, finding the enemy had retired during the night, sent out skirmishers, who captured 9 rebel prisoners. Commenced pursuing at 10 a. m. of the 5th instant, which was continued to the north bank of the Chattahoochee River, where we went into camp one mile and a half west of Vining's Station, and rested until the 17th instant. On the 16th of this month our transportation and baggage were returned to us and were most welcomely received, as the officers suffered great inconvenience from want of clothing, company papers, &amp;c. At 4 p. m. on the 17th crossed to the south bank of the Chattahoochee and bivouacked for the night. On the 18th and 19th moved slowly forward, a portion of the time in line of bat-

