
tle, and on the 20th crossed Peach Tree Creek early in the morning, lying in reserve until 3 p. m., when we advanced and took position in second line under a severe fire of the enemy's cannon, to which we were exposed until dusk, when we moved to the left seven miles and relieved troops belonging to the Fourth Army Corps, who were guarding a ford. Here we remained until the morning of the 22d, when we found the enemy had retired to Atlanta and occupied the fortifications for its defense. The same day we closely pursued and took up position at 3 p. m. within range of their works and two and a half miles north of the city, which position we occupied until the 27th instant. On this day, in compliance with a field order of the day, the battalion was detailed to worry the enemy and attract his attention to the front of our division. In executing this order the battalion attacked the enemy's skirmish line and drove his skirmishers into their works, holding the ground thus gained until night-fall, when, our object having been accomplished, we withdrew and returned to our works. In the skirmish we lost 1 officer, Lieutenant Jackson, and 3 men wounded. On the 29th the battalion went on picket at 6 p. m. and remained until 5 p.m. of the 30th, losing 4 men wounded, when we returned to ground occupied on 29th; went into bivouac and remained until August 2. Distance marched during July, thirty miles. On the 2nd of August advanced 300 yards and built works, and on the 3rd left these works, having been relieved by troops of the Twentieth Army Corps, and marched to the extreme right flank of the army and built works. On the 4th went with the brigade on a reconnaissance and returned same evening and occupied the works we had before constructed. On the 6th instant moved two and a half miles to the left and took up position at Utoy Creek, on the left of the Third Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. On the 7th instant, at 3 p. m., received orders to advance upon the enemy and drive him as far as possible. The battalion crossed over the works which were on one side of an open field 500 yards wide, and charged over this field under a destructive fire from the well-filled rebel rifle-pits. These we ran over, capturing all rebels, 95 in number, who occupied them. This was a difficult task, as within a few yards of the pits was a steep bank, fifteen feet in height, and in ascending which our lines were necessarily broken to some extent. After securing our prisoners and reforming the line we advanced to within fifty feet of the enemy's main line of works, a portion of the command going far enough to become entangled in the abatis. At this moment the enemy opened a murderous fire of grape and canister, and, judging it impossible to carry the works our force, orders were received to fall back twenty yards, reform the line, and build works. This battalion remained here until daylight of the 8th, when it was relieved and returned to the old works in rear. During this assault the battalion was under a severe fire from 3 p. m. till dark, losing 3 killed, 41 wounded, and 8 missing. On the 9th instant moved into works built on the night of the 7th, remaining until the night of the 10th instant, losing 2 men killed and 3 wounded. On the 11th moved into works on left of Third Division, relieving troops belonging to Este's brigade, and remained until the 26th instant, having 11 deserters come into our line, and losing 3 men wounded while in this position. On the night of the 26th abandoned the works, moving out quietly at 8 o'clock, leaving a strong skirmish line behind

