
with orders to follow just before daybreak, and moved to the right, lying in rear of Fourth Corps all next day. On the 28th marched to the right and on to the West Point railroad, the battalion going on picket for the night; and the next morning, being relieved at 6 a. m., was detailed with the rest of the brigade to assist in the destruction of the West Point railroad, Companies A and B being for a portion of the day thrown out as skirmishers and engaged. On the 30th and 31st moved to the right and in the direction of Jonesborough; distance marched during the month, fifty-seven miles. The battle of Jonesborough, fought on September 1 (a report of the part taken by this battalion herewith inclosed), has gloriously terminated the Georgia campaign.

It is impossible, in a report necessarily circumscribed, to detail the many incidents of a campaign embracing a period of over four months, which it might otherwise be both useful and interesting to place upon record. The fatiguing marches by day and night, the ceaseless vigilance required by the constant proximity of the enemy, the days of suspense and danger passed in the confinement of the trenches, the hazardous experiences in the picket and skirmish line, and the peculiarly difficult and dangerous character of the campaign throughout, might all be separately alluded to, and when thus detailed the zeal and devotion which has always been manifested by the enlisted men of the command, would be made conspicuous. They have endured the hardships of the campaign with a true soldierly contentment, and too much praise cannot be given them for their conduct on all occasions.

In conclusion, I respectfully directs special attention to that part of my report of the battle of the 1st which gives honorable mention of several non-commissioned officers of the battalion. I also particularly desire to compliment the deserving line officers of the command. To Captain Norton, who was the second ranking officer present, and upon whom the command often devolved, I can say no more to a good and faithful officer than that he was present with the command, zealously discharging his duty, until August 26, when sickness compelled him to leave his company for the hospital. To Lieutenants Jackson, Harrison, Burness, and Quartermaster Potter, I would say that they performed their respective duties well and faithfully, and are deserving of their Government. To Adjutant Knapp I can but repeat the expressions used in my report of the 1st as regards his merits as an officer. In the death of Second Lieutenant Forbes, who was killed at New Hope Church, May 31, the service has lost a brave, honest, and intelligent officer. Acting Assistant Surgeon Bigham has also been constant and unremitting in the discharge of his duties. By his studied care always to be present with the command, whether in bivouac or in the field, he gives assurance that, either in case of sickness or wounds, all that skill and prompt attention can do shall be done for those who suffer.

The entire distance marched during the campaign is 210 miles.

List of casualties: Killed, 15; wounded, 94; missing, 8; total, 117.

W. S. McMANUS,

Captain, Fifteenth Infantry, Commanding Battalion.

Captain W. J. FETTERMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

