HDQRS. SECOND BATTALION, FIFTEENTH INFANTRY,Jonesborough, Ga., September 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with yesterday's order requiring a report from the battalion commanders of the part taken by their battalion in the engagement of the 1st instant, I have the honor to make the following report:

When the brigade was first drawn up in line of battle the position of this battalion was the second from the right, its left resting on a road. Here we threw up works. When the brigade again moved forward it was by the left flank, this battalion going first, and moved about 200 yards to the edge of a woods, where the brigade was again formed in line, this battalion being on the left. The line being formed, we moved almost directly east, by the right of companies to the front, this battalion being the battalion of direction, and formed line, my left resting on the right of the Third Brigade. When we again moved it was by the right flank, and to that position occupied by Prescott's battery, where we formed line on the left of the battery as a support. Here we remained for half an hour, when we moved to the left, along a road running southeast, about half a mile, and formed line, my left resting on the right of the Eighteenth Infantry. Here I threw out a company of skirmishers, who crossed over an open field and found the enemy's skirmishers, distant some 300 yards from our lines. About 3.30 p. m. the order was given to advance in line of battle, which we did, passing over ground grown with thick underbrush, through a swamp, and then over an open field, under a heavy and continuous fire of the enemy's musketry, and up to their works, in front of which we lay for twenty minutes. Finding these works strongly defended and no possibility of our taking them with our thin line, the battalion fell back with the rest of the line about 100 yards, where we reformed and remained until dark, when we moved to the edge of the woods and threw up works. The battalion went into the fight with 2 commissioned officers and 124 enlisted men, out of which we lost 5 killed and 20 wounded and 2 missing. Sergeant Cummings, a brave and good soldier, was killed while in charge of the company of skirmishers, he having charge in consequence of their being no line officers on duty with this battalion. In common justice to other non-commissioned officers who have for a long time been doing the duty of commissioned officers, I deem it my duty to mention the conduct of Sergt. Samuel Shane, in command of Company A, and of Sergt. Philip Game, of Company C, who was severely wounded in the left arm and breast, rendering necessary an amputation of his arm, while in the heroic discharge of his duty, as well as First Sergt. George Haller, commanding Company F. Sergeant-Major Brandt, wounded in the shoulder, also deserves praise for the steady bravery and coolness which in this as well as on other occasions he has displayed under fire. I cannot conclude without returning thanks to Lieutenant and Adjt. Orson C. Knapp, of this battalion, for the prompt and faithful manner in which he performed his duties on this day, and must take advantage of this opportunity of complimenting him upon the manner in which he has performed his duties all through this campaign.

W. S. McMANUS,

Captain, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Battalion.

Captain W. J. FETTERMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

