
and tearing up the Atlanta and West Point Railroad; thence we proceeded to Jonesborough, and, on the morning of the 1st, skirmished and drove the rebels, and later in the day took part in the gallant and successful assault on the enemy, losing 2 officers wounded; enlisted men, 2 killed, 29 wounded. From Jonesborough we returned to Atlanta the 8th of September and encamped.

The patience and cheerfulness with which the command endured the hardships, exposure, and sufferings of this long and weary campaign is deserving of all praise.

The total casualties of the campaign are: Killed-enlisted men, 17. Wounded-officers, 2; enlisted men, 93. Missing-enlisted men, 10. Total-officers, 2; enlisted men, 120.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. P. BARRY,

Captain, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry.

Captain W. J. FETTERMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT SIXTEENTH U. S. INFANTRY,Jonesborough, Ga., September 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In giving an account of the part taken by the Sixteenth U. S. Infantry in the battle before Jonesborough, September 1, 1864, I have the honor to report that about 12 m. on the 1st instant the Sixteenth went out as skirmishers for the brigade, with instructions to press the enemy vigorously. Soon after deploying, the rebel skirmishers, supported by one piece of artillery, were met, but were steadily and rapidly driven for nearly two miles. On gaining the Atlanta and Macon Railroad the skirmish line halted; we were the Third Brigade, formed in line of battle on the left of its own brigade. About 3 p. m. the line of battle advanced through a dense thicket, so dense as to be almost impassable for infantry, and finally emerged into a wide open field, on the opposite side of which, in the edge of the woods on the crest of a hill, lay the rebel line of battle behind temporary works thrown up by them. Halting a moment to breathe and reform, the battalion then pushed forward at a double quick under a severe fire of the enemy. Holding its fire till near the enemy's line, the battalion closed on the enemy with a rush, held without flinching for over half an hour, the Sixteenth stubbornly clinging to its position even after the troops on its right had given way temporarily, repulsing also a charge then made by the enemy to dislodge it. About 5 p. m. a portion of Moore's (Third) brigade again. At dark we moved forward and threw up works on the right of Moore's brigade. The officers and men of this regiment deserve great praise. After a long march in the morning, they skirmished for several hours, driving the enemy miles, continually charging at a double-quick, then, without rest or food, forming line of battle and charging the enemy through a dense thicket and over a wide field, driving back the rebels and stubbornly holding the position thus gained, though without support part of the time either on right or left. All deserve praise, but it will not prove invidious to

