
others to particularize the conduct of Second Lieutenant Charles W. Hotsenpiller, acting adjutant, who, both on the skirmish line and when in line of battle, did gallant duty with his former company, which was without an officer. I regret to add that shortly after driving the rebels from the woods, First Lieutenant E. R. Kellogg, a most gallant and efficient officer, was badly wounded, and Lieutenant E. McConnell slightly.

The officers engaged were Capts. S. S. Robinson and James Biddle, First Lieutenants L. S. Strickland, E. McConnell, E. R. Kellogg, F. H. Torbett, S. E. St. Onge, battalion quartermaster, and Second Lieutenant C. W. Hotsenpiller, acting adjutant. The battalion carried 250 muskets into action and 9 officers, counting field and staff. The casualties were: Killed-privates, 2. Wounded-officers, 2; sergeants, 2; corporals, 1; privates, 26; total, 31. Aggregate, 33.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. P. BARRY,

Captain, Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding.

Captain W. J. FETTERMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 106.

Report of Captain George W. Smith, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, of operations May 3-July 17.

ATLANTA, GA., September 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report, in the form of a diary, the operations of the troops under my command during the early portion of the Georgia campaign. My command consisted of the detachment Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, composed of six companies of the First Battalion, eight companies of the Second Battalion, and two companies of the Third Battalion serving with the First, the Second Battalion under the immediate command of Captain William J. Fetterman. The officers serving with the command were Captain G. W. Smith, commanding detachment and First Battalion; Captain W. J. Fetterman, commanding Second Battalion; Captain R. B. Hull, A. B. Denton, Anson Mills, A. S. Burt, M. L. Ogden, R. L. Morris, Jr., and P. R. Forney (in arrest during the campaign); Lieutenants James Powell, Frederick Phisterer, adjutant detachment and Second Battalion; D. W. Benham, quartermaster First Battalion; Frederick H. Brown, quartermaster Second Battalion; James S. Ostrander, Orrin E. Davis, John S. Lind, J. I. Adair, Alfred Townsend, E. N. Wilcox, and J. U. Gill, acting adjutant First Battalion.

May 3, the command left Graysville and marched to Ringgold, Ga., where it remained until the 7th of may, when it marched to Tunnel Hill; on the 8th to Buzzard Roost, where it remained three days under fire, and then marched to Snake Creek Gap, flanking Buzzard Roost by the left. On the 13th the detachment led in the column and skirmished the latter part of the day, driving the rebels to their outer works at Resaca, Ga. 15th, skirmishing all day. On the 16th the enemy abandoned his position at Resaca, and the command marched in. Captain Anson Mills having been ordered out with a small force, returned in a short time with 20 prisoners. The command marched on the 17th, crossing the Connesauga River, and camped twelve

37 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

