
miles from Resaca; on the 18th eight miles to Adairsville. I should have mentioned that Lieutenant E. N. Wilcox was compelled to return to Chattanooga for medical treatment. Lieutenant W. H. Bisbee joined at Resaca. On the 19th through Kingston to Etowah bridge. On the 20th to Cass Station, where a rest took place until the 23d, all baggage of officers being sent to the rear. On the 24th crossed Etowah River at Island Ford; 26th, to Burnt Hickory, and in the evening to Pickett's Mills, where the night was spent in intrenching. From the 27th of May to the 5th day of June the command was constantly engaged in watching and fighting. Many lives were lost and the duty in the trenches was very severe, and the enemy's fire constant and murderous. The conduct of Captain Fetterman, in command of his battalion, in throwing up a salient and maintaining his position against repeated attempts to dislodge him by the enemy, is worthy of particular notice. Here 2 valuable officers were lost to the command, Captain M. L. Ogden and Lieutenant J. I. Adair, the former from disease caused by exposure and the latter by a wound in the neck. Lieutenant Burrowes joined. On the 6th of June the command marched toward Big Shanty, near which point Captain P. R. Forney (sick) was permitted to go to the rear to await the acceptance of his resignation.

On the 10th of June the command marched five miles and rested until the 14th, when it marched two miles. Captain L. M. Kellogg joined and assumed command, I retaining the command of the First Battalion. From the 14th to the 20th was spent intrenching and skirmishing on the left of Kenesaw Mountain. On the 22nd the battalion relieved a regiment of General Whitaker's brigade. No other changes than those of alternating from first to second line were made until the 2nd od July; a slight advance. On the 3rd marched through Marietta. On the 4th I was placed in command of four companies Eighteenth Infantry, five companies Eleventh Michigan Volunteers, and three of the Nineteenth Infantry, to form a strong skirmish line to take some rifle-pits in a position near the railroad. The position was taken with slight loss, and the command maintained all the ground under a heavy cannonade lasting several hours. Captain Fetterman's command marched to my assistance with great promptness at an opportune moment. Captain Hubert Dilger's battery (I, First Ohio), under the command of himself, came up in splendid style and did great execution. On the 5th of July an advance was made of a few miles, and the corps rested until the 17th. Here the command was consolidated to one battalion, under command of Captain Kellogg, and I took command of my company. I cannot close this report without alluding to the unflinching devotion of officers and men to their arduous duties during this campaign. The non-commissioned officers behaved with great gallantry, and without an exception did their duty nobly. Color Sergts. R. W. Evans and Willis G. C. Hickman distinguished themselves. Sergeant Crandall, Company G, First Battalion, always faithful, died a hero's death inside the enemy's works, in a charge. First Sergt. W. W. Bell, Company H (First), deserves promotion for gallantry and good conduct.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. SMITH,

Captain, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry.

Captain WILLIAM F. FETTERMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

