
Numbers 107.

Report of Captain Lyman M. Kellogg, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, of operations June 14-September 1.

CAMP EIGHTEENTH U. S. INFANTRY,

Lookout Mountain, Tenn., February 25, 1865.

I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of the detachment of the Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, embracing sixteen companies of the First, Second, and Third Battalions, while under my command, during the Atlanta campaign, from the 14th of June to the 1st of September, 1864, inclusive, and respectfully request that it be included in the reports of the detachments already received from Captain G. W. Smith and R. B. Hull. This report would have been rendered sooner but for the fact that I was severely wounded at the battle of Jonesborough, Ga., on the 1st of September, 1864.

In front of Kenesaw Mountain the detachment lost, after I assumed command in the month of June, 8 enlisted men wounded. July 4, the detachment supported two batteries under a destructively severe artillery fire from the enemy; also charged rebel line of skirmishers, and drove them, thus causing, or materially aiding in causing, the whole rebel line to evacuate its position during the ensuing night. July 20, the detachment in the battle of Peach Tree Creek was under musketry fire, also subjected to severe shelling. July 22, intrenched within one and a half miles of Atlanta, Ga. Loss during July, 1864: Commissioned officers-wounded, 3. Enlisted men-killed, 1; wounded, 21; missing, 1. Total, 26.

August 3, the detachment deployed as skirmishers and drove the enemy's cavalry vedettes and pickets. August 7, the detachment assaulted the enemy's line of rifle-pits; the detachment of the Fifteenth U. S. Infantry and Eleventh Michigan Volunteer Infantry supported detachment Eighteenth U. S. Infantry and very soon connected with it on its right, the whole being under my command as senior officer on the filed engaged with the enemy. After the first assault I took advantage of a ravine beyond the open field over which we had driven the enemy to reform the line, which had become partially disorganized owing to the difficulties of the ground and the very severe flank and front fire, both artillery and musketry, which had been playing on us while driving the enemy across the open field. After I had reformed I again moved forward with the Eighteenth and the Fifteenth Regulars, driving the enemy into their main works and arriving with my line, composed of the regular regiments above mentioned, to the abatis close to the enemy's main works. The Eleventh Michigan, during the second assault, remained in position, protecting my right. Had I been supported and the enemy attacked by the division on my right and by the brigade on my left, as I had been told would be the case, I am of opinion that the main line of works around Atlanta would have fallen on the 7th of August. The forces under my command had been engaged from 1 p. m. until nearly dusk; nearly one-third of my men had been put hors de combat, and I was almost entirely out of ammunition, not having had time to send to the rear for it, so that had I finally succeeded in entering the enemy's works I should only have succeeded in turning my remaining small force over to the enemy as prisoners. We, however, successfully advanced our main line about half a mile, intrenching and holding it, taking

