
verely wounded; First Lieutenant Frederick Phisterer, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, for good conduct and gallantry on the 4th of July, 1864; the same for good conduct and great gallantry on the 7th of August, 1864; First Lieutenant William H. Bisbee, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, for gallantry on the 4th of July, 1864; the same for great gallantry on the 7th of August, 1864; the same for good conduct and great gallantry on the 1st of September, 1864; First Lieutenant Alfred Townsend, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, for gallantry on the 4th of July, 1864; the same for gallantry on the 7th of August, 1864, when he was severely wounded.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. M. KELLOGG,

Captain, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland.

Numbers 108.

Reports of Captain Robert B. Hull, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT EIGHTEENTH U. S. INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit a report of the operations of the detachment Eighteenth Infantry during the Atlanta campaign, from May 2, 1864, to September 2, 1864:

At the commencement of the campaign the detachment embraced two battalions, each composed of eight companies, viz, Companies B, D, E, F, G, and H, First Battalion, and Companies G and H, Third Battalion (temporarily attached to First Battalion), and all commanded by Captain George W. Smith; and Companies A, B, C, D, E, F, G, and H, Second Battalion, commanded by Captain W. J. Fetterman. Captain Smith, in connection with his command of the First Battalion, was also detachment commander until relieved by Captain Lyman M. Kellogg, June 14. He, however, continued to command the First Battalion until July 21, when he was appointed acting assistant adjutant-general First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, by General Johnson. Captain Smith has furnished a report of the operations of the First Battalion, while in command, which report is hereto attached. Captain Fetterman commanded the Second Battalion until relieved by Captain Kellogg, July 11, and then served with his company until July 15, when he was appointed acting assistant adjutant-general Second Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, by General King. Captain Fetterman has furnished a report of the operations of the Second Battalion while in command, which report is hereto attached. Captain Kellogg joined and assumed command of the detachment June 14 and of the Second Battalion July 1, and August 11 he consolidated the sixteen companies into eight companies for field and tactical purposes. From July 11 to July 21 the detachment was commanded by Captain Kellogg, with Captain Smith as acting field officer and second in command, and from July 21 to September 1 with Captain Robert B. Hull as acting field officer and second in command. Captain Kellogg was wounded in action September 1, and the command of

