
the detachment was assumed by me on the same day and on the battle-field. The reports of Captains Smith and Fetterman, above referred to, are complete and carefully prepared papers, and give the history of the detachment and its operations down to July 11. In continuation of the said reports I have further to report that from July 11 to July 17 the detachment was held in reserve, the whole army, mean time, operating to push the enemy south of the Chattahoochee River. July 17, crossed the Chattahoochee River at Ball's Ferry, and July 18 crossed Nancy's Creek in pursuit of the enemy. July 20, crossed Peach Tree Creek and took position in line of battle, but was ordered during the day (the right having been attacked) to the support of the First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. July 21, marched to the left of our line and connected with the Fourth Corps. July 22, rejoined the division and marched to within two miles of Atlanta and a point west of and near the Western and Atlantic Railroad; took position, fortified, and remained until August 3, during which period a continued skirmish was kept up, and several times the detachment was subjected to heavy artillery fire of the enemy. August 3, marched to the extreme right of the army, participating in a movement extending our lines and covering the right flank. August 4, the detachment as skirmishers drove the enemy's pickets and cavalry vedettes until dark. August 5, in connection with First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, made forced reconnaissance, and same night marched back to the left and took position in the intrenched lines of our army and on the right of the Fifteenth Army Corps. August 7, at 1 p. m. the detachment was detailed and thrown out in front of our works, and, with three companies deployed as skirmishers, ordered to advance. Determined resistance being offered by the enemy from his rifle-pits to the advance of our skirmish line, and no connection being had no our right, the Fifteenth U. S. Infantry was ordered to the right, and the two regiments then advanced, driving or capturing all in front of them, capturing two lines of well-constructed rifle-pits and all in them, and sweeping up to the abatis of the enemy's works and in the face of a direct musketry and artillery fire delivered upon us from behind his main works. The two regiments held their position until darkness enabled them to throw up intrenchments, and within 150 yards of the enemy's line. this day will long be remembered in the regiment for the determined, persistent, and desperate nature of the conflict and the great loss incurred. In this charge that gallant young soldier First Lieutenant Alfred Townsend lost his leg. Lieutenant Townsend displayed on this field the same extraordinary bravery in the face of death, and patient heroism in suffering, that won for him his commission in the army on the Potomac. The detachment lost in killed and wounded 25 per cent, of its effective force. Three first sergeants (old and tried soldiers) were wounded, viz, Charles A. Patterson, Company G, First Battalion; Benjamin R. Elrick, Company H, Second Battalion, an Charles M. Stacks, Company H, Third Battalion. The detachment in this affair captured prisoners greater in number than its own strength, taking several companies entire with their officers and while in the act of re-enforcing their lines. From August 8 to August 25 the detachment occupied the line captured on the 7th and the old first line of our works. During that time (on the 19th and 20th) we marched twice to the right of our army and back, acting as support to the Twenty-third Army Corps in movements made by

