
said corps. August 26, at night withdrew from our line (in connection with the Army of the Cumberland), thus commencing that brilliant flank movement which ended in the decisive victory of Jonesborough and resulted in the capture of Atlanta. August 28, reached the West Point railroad, and August 29 aided in its destruction. August 30 and 31, marched and countermarched with a view to reach the Atlanta and Macon Railroad.

On September 1 was fought the battle of Jonesborough, the decisive and final struggle of the campaign, and in which this detachment participated, with a loss almost as great as that sustained on the 7th ultimo. A special report of the part taken by this detachment in the battle of Jonesborough has been furnished by me, a copy of which report is attached and made part of this report. September 2 to 7, the army leisurely fell back to Atlanta and encamped, this detachment encamping on the West Point railroad, two and a half miles southwest from Atlanta, and on the extreme right of the Fourteenth Army Corps. All the movements and operations of this detachment during the campaign were made in connection with the Second Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

I give below the name of every officer of the regiment who has participated in the campaign, or any portion of it, with his rank, command, date of joining it, &amp;c.: Captain Lyman M. Kellogg, joined and assumed command of detachment June 14; wounded September 1. Captain George W. Smith, participated in the whole campaign; commanded detachment till June 14 and First Battalion till July 21, when appointed on staff First Division. Captain Robert B. Hull, participated in the whole campaign; commanded Companies G and D, First Battalion; he commanded First Battalion from July 21, and detachment from September 1; slightly wounded May 14. Captain William J. Fetterman, participated in the whole campaign; commanded Company A, Second Battalion, and the Second Battalion until June 11; appointed on brigade staff July 15. Captain Philip R. Forney, in arrest under charges when campaign opened; resigned June 3; resignation accepted. Captain Ansel B. Denton, commanded Company C, Second Battalion, till August 23; resigned and leave of absence granted August 23. Captain Richard L. Morris, Jr., commanded Company D, First Battalion; left sick at Kenesaw Mountain June 26. Captain Anson Mills participated in whole campaign; commanded Company H, First Battalion, till August 25, when appointed on brigade staff; slightly wounded July 30. Captain Andrew S. Burt, commanded Companies F, First, and G, Third Battalion, and participated in the whole campaign, except battle of Jonesborough, September 1. Captain Morgan L. Ogden, on sick report when campaign opened; left sick at Dallas May 27. First Lieutenant Thomas B. Burrowes, joined command at Dallas June 2; commanded Company G, Second Battalion; severely wounded September 1. First Lieutenant James Powell, commanded Company B, First, and H, Third Battalion; participated in the whole campaign; severely wounded September 1. First Lieutenant Horace Brown, in arrest at opening of campaign; resigned July 28. First Lieutenant Daniel W. Benham, quartermaster First Battalion; commanded Company E, First, from July 8 to July 15; was adjutant of detachment from June 6 to July 8; appointed on brigade staff July 15; participated in the whole campaign. First Lieutenant Frederick Phisterer, adjutant Second Battalion, entered campaign; received leave of absence August 18. First Lieutenant Frederick H.

