
Brown, regimental quartermaster, participated in the whole campaign as acting quartermaster Second Battalion, and commanding Company G, Second, till July 9; appointed detachment quartermaster June 27. First Lieutenant William H. Bisbee, joined May 16; commanded Companies A, Second, and G, Third, till August 20, when appointed adjutant Second Battalion and detachment adjutant; slightly wounded July 30. First Lieutenant John I. Adair, joined May-; commanded Company D, Second, till severely wounded, May 31. First Lieutenant Alfred Townsend, entered campaign and Commanded Companies C, D, and E, Second; slightly wounded July 4. First Lieutenant John S. Lind, participated in whole campaign, except the battle of Jonesborough, September 1; commanded Companies B, G, and H, Second. Second Lieutenant James S. Ostrander, participated in the whole campaign; commanded Companies E, First, and H, Third Battalion. Second Lieutenant John U. Gill, entered campaign as acting adjutant First Battalion; commanded Company H, Second, until left back sick, August 24. Second Lieutenant E. N. Wilcox, commanded Company A, Second, until June 26, when he was sent back sick.

The list of casualties* attached shows 10 commissioned officers wounded, 38 enlisted men killed, 166 enlisted men wounded, and 17 enlisted men missing.

The reports and papers attached to this report, and to be taken as part of the same, are, first, report of Captain Smith of the operations of First Battalion and detachment to date of consolidation, and marked A; second, report of Captain Fetterman of the operations of Second Battalion to July 11, and marked B; third, report of Captain Hull of the part taken by the detachment in the battle of Jonesborough, September 1, and marked C; fourth, tabular report of changes in the detachment among commissioned officers and enlisted men during the campaign (prepared by Lieutenant Bisbee, adjutant detachment), and marked D*; fifth, report of casualties among commissioned officers and enlisted men, by name, during the campaign, and marked E.*

All which is respectfully submitted.

R. B. HULL,

Captain, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Detachment.

Captain WILLIAM J. FETTERMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT EIGHTEENTH INFANTRY,Camp near Atlanta, Ga., September 18, 1864.

The surgeons who served with the detachment Eighteenth Infantry during the campaign were Edward J. Darken, assistant surgeon, U. S. Army, and William T. Sherwood, acting assistant surgeon, U. S. Army. Dr. Darken served with the First Battalion until relieved, July 16. Dr. Sherwood served with Second Battalion until July 16, and from that time was the only surgeon with the detachment. He served during the whole campaign. Both surgeons re-

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

