
mained with the troops while on the march, in the trenches, and on the battle-field, fully sharing their dangers and hardship, and at all times ably and faithfully performed their arduous and responsible duties.

R. B. HULL,

Captain, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, Commanding Detachment.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT EIGHTEENTH U. S. INFANTRY,Battle-field of Jonesborough, September 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this detachment in the battle of Jonesborough, Ga., September 1, 1864:

The detachment, composed of sixteen companies, was consolidated for field and tactical purposes into eight companies, and commanded as follows: First company, commanded by Captain Robert B. Hull; second company, commanded by Lieutenant James S. Ostrander; third company, commanded by First Sergt. William W. Bell; fourth company, commanded by Lieutenant James Powell; fifth company, commanded by Lieutenant Reuben F. Little; sixth company, commanded by First Sergt. William Gordon; seventh company, commanded by Lieutenant Orrin E. Davis; eight company, commanded by Lieutenant Thomas B. Burrowes; the whole detachment commanded by Captain L. M. Kellogg; Lieutenant William H. Bisbee being detachment adjutant. The detachment left camp at 7 a. m., marching with the Second (or regular) Brigade, the first company, commanded by Captain Robert B. Hull, acting as flankers and skirmishers. The flankers struck the enemy's line of skirmishers about noon, and the brigade immediately deployed and formed line of battle. The first company, acting as skirmishers, was then with drawn and placed in line. The detachment advanced wit the brigade in line of battle until a point was reached overlooking and directly in front of the salient point of the enemy's intrenched double lines. The brigade was again formed, and about 2 p. m. the order to assault was given, the second company, Lieutenant James S. Ostrander commanding, being deployed in front as skirmishers. The detachment in line of battle then advanced for a distance of 400 yards, through a dense thicket, down to and over a swamp covered with almost impenetrable undergrowth, making it extremely difficult to preserve the integrity of the line. Emerging into the open field directly in front of the enemy's lines, the command was immediately subjected to a destructive fire of musketry. The distance before us, over which to advance to reach our enemy, was at least 800 yards, and the necessity of immediately advancing and taking the works with a dash became apparent to our commander. Orders were immediately given to that effect, and the detachment, at a double-quick, led forward by Captain Kellogg, in a most intrepid manner, assisted gallantly by Lieutenant Bisbee, steadily and quickly approached the enemy; and, without wavering or hesitating, the detachment assaulted, drove the enemy from his works, and immediately entered them. The dash was so impetuous and sudden that a large number of the enemy were unable to leave the intrenchments. Almost simultaneously with the capture of the works a deadly fire was opened upon the detachment from a second line of intrenched works, concealed in the woods directly in our front and on our right flank. The loss soon became great.

