
Captain Kellogg and Lieutenant Burrowes and Powell were here wounded. The struggle was continued in and around the enemy's intrenchments, the enemy constantly massing in our front and his fire increasing. It soon became evident that the second line of the enemy's works could not be successfully assaulted by so thin a line in the face of so great a force, and the detachment, therefore, fell back about 100 yards in good order, turning and fighting, and reformed, still under fire, on their colors behind a slight crest and between the enemy's works and a brigade of the Second Division, which was forming in our rear to make the final assault. Our greatest loss occurred within a short distance of the enemy's works and in them, where, for some minutes, it was a hand-to-hand contest. The three officers above named and Sergeant Bell, commanding third company, were wounded in or near the works. The command entered the battle with 8 officers, 36 non-commissioned officers, and 225 privates. The total loss killed and wounded-3 officers, 9 non-commissioned officers, and 31 privates, and 1 non-commissioned officer and 7 privates missing.

The men of this command behaved with their usual gallantry, and Sergeants Bell and Gordon, commanding companies, were conspicuous for the soldierly qualities, displayed by them on the field. Sergt. Major Andrew Durfey, Second Battalion, and detachment sergeant-major, is also mentioned for good conduct. The color guard, consisting of Sergts. James McKenzie and Willis G. C. Hickman, and Corpls. Peter Barnes and James Risher, also attracted my attention, Sergeant McKenzie still standing by the colors after being severely wounded; Corporal Barnes was also wounded.

The officers of the detachment without exception behaved gallantly and showed the greatest intrepidity, being ever in the front during the assault, and at all times during the various positions taken and formations made necessary by our movements, possessed and exercised complete control over their companies and commands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. HULL,

Captain, Eighteenth Infantry, Commanding Detachment.

Captain WILLIAM J. FETTERMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 109.

Report of Captain William J. Fetterman, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding Second Battalion, of operations May 4-July 5.

ATLANTA, GA., September 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Battalion, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, during that part of the Georgia campaign in which I was in command of it:

The eight companies of the battalion, under the command of Captain A. B. Denton and Lieutenants Frederick H. Brown, John I. Adair, John S. Lind, Edward N. Wilcox, James S. Ostrander, and Orrin E. Davis, with Lieutenant Frederick Phisterer as adjutant, and Frederick H. Brown acting as quartermaster, having been temporarily detached from the

