
detachment of the Eighteenth Infantry on outpost duty at Parker's Gap, Ga., rejoined the detachment at Ringgold, Ga., on the 4th of May, 1864, and with it proceeded, May 6, on the campaign. On the 7th arrived at Buzzard Roost Gap, and went into position, remaining under fire three days. On the 12th withdrew from Buzzard Roost and, marching to the right, passed through Snake Creek Gap and encamped. On the 13th, a. m., marched about a mile, formed line of battle, and commenced advancing against the enemy, who fell back, skirmishing. On the 14th continued the advance with a strong skirmish line, under command of Lieutenant Davis, and drove the enemy to his works, near Resaca, after heavy skirmishing. 15th, under a heavy fire all day from the enemy's works, and on the 16th, the enemy having retreated, marched to Resaca. Here Lieutenant William H. Bisbee joined. On the 17th crossed the Connesauga River, and on the 20th arrived at Cass Station, where the command rested till the 23d, when resuming the march arrived at Pickett's Mills, or New Hope, among the Allatoona Mountains, on the night of the 26th, and went into position in front of the enemy's works, under a heavy fire of artillery, and fortified. Here the command lay for nine days exposed to a most harassing fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, which killed and wounded many valuable men. Among the killed was Sergeant-Major Peterson, a gallant and faithful soldier. On the night of the 29th the battalion was ordered to advance to a commanding position, then occupied by the enemy's pickets, in front of the right of the brigade, and to throw up a work in the form of a crescent, refusing both its flanks, so as to be as near the main line as possible. The enemy's pickets having first been driven back by the skirmishers of the Sixteenth Infantry, the battalion advanced and carried out the order; working all night under an artillery fire, and by morning had completed the work sufficiently to render it tenable; the next day the work was thoroughly finished. On the 31st the enemy made a determined attack in force on the work, but was repulsed with heavy loss, the battalion sustaining a loss of Lieutenant Adair, wounded, and 33 enlisted men. The enemy were followed up by heavy skirmish line, under command of Captain Denton, and a new picket-line was established by him on the ground previously occupied by the enemy. The manner in which this was conducted by Captain Denton is deserving especial mention. On the 1st of June Lieutenant R. F. Little joined. On the 6th, the enemy having retreated, the battalion marched to Big Shanty and rested till the 10th, when continued the march, feeling for the enemy. On the 22d, with the brigade, relieved General Whitaker's brigade before Kenesaw Mountain, and remained under fire of the enemy's artillery and sharpshooters within seventy-five yards of his works till the 3d, when marched through Marietta in pursuit of the retreating enemy. At Kenesaw Lieutenant Wilcox was sent back to hospital, being sick. On the 4th of July overtook the enemy in position behind works, and two companies of the battalion, under command of Captain Denton and Lieutenant Little, in company with several other companies of the brigade, the whole under command of Captain G. W. Smith, commanding First Battalion, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, were advanced as skirmishers, and, charging the enemy's rifle-pits, carried them in the most gallant manner. Lieutenant Little was slightly wounded, but did not permit his wound to interfere with his duties but for a few days. The rifle-pits having been captured by the skirmish line, Dilger's battery

