
was ordered forward, and the battalion advanced to its support under a terrible artillery fire, which was kept up during the entire day. On the 5th the enemy fell back to the Chattahoochee River, and the battalion went into position near Vining's Station. Here the battalions of the detachment, being consolidated into one, under the command of Captain L. M. Kellogg, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, I resumed command of my company, and, having soon after received the appointment of acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, am unable to report further the operations of my battalion.

I cannot close, without mentioning my very efficient adjutant, Lieutenant Frederick Phisterer, for his invaluable service and for the gallantry and zeal which he always manifested in the performance of his duties; and to the officers and men of the command I tender my warmest thanks for their untiring attention to their duties, their ever-conspicuous gallantry, and the patient, unmurmuring devotion with which they toiled and fought and endured during this the severest campaign of the war. For a list of casualties I beg leave to refer to the detachment report to which this will be appended.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. J. FETTERMAN,

Captain, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry.

First Lieutenant WILLIAM H. BISBEE,

Adjutant Detach, 18th U. S. Infantry, Atlanta, Ga.

In addition to the foregoing report, I beg leave to call the attention of the detachment commander to the three following non-commissioned officers of my battalion: Sergt. Major James E. Patton, First Sergt. Andrew Durfey, Company A, and First Sergt. Benjamin R. Elrick, Company H. The first-named was appointed sergeant-major, vice Peterson, killed, and the second and third commanded their companies-the second a portion of and the third during the whole of the operations here reported-with great credit. Their conduct has been conspicuous for gallantry, zeal, and efficiency, and has won for them the respect and esteem of all their officers. They well deserve promotion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. J. FETTERMAN,

Captain, Eighteenth Infantry.

First Lieutenant WILLIAM H. BISBEE,

Detachment Adjutant, Eighteenth Infantry.

Numbers 110.

Reports of Captain James Mooney, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, commanding First Battalion.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION, 19TH Regiment U. S. INFTY.,Camp near Atlanta, Ga., September 19, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report the operations of this battalion during the recent campaign in the State of Georgia.

The battalion marched from camp at Graysville, Ga., at 8 a. m. on 3rd of May, 1864, about five miles, and to within one mile of Ringgold, at which point it remained until the morning of the 7th

