
May, when it moved through Hooker's Gap, about five miles to the front, and formed line of battle on the right of Tunnel Hill. The battalion was here detailed on outpost duty to guard a road leading into the rebel lines, and I detached two companies to reconnoiter; was relieved from this duty on the ensuing morning, when the battalion joined the brigade, moved to the front about one mile, occupied a ridge on front of Buzzard Roost Gap, and threw out one company as skirmishers to cover its front. On the afternoon of 9th of May the battalion was placed in position at the foot of the mountain on the right of gap, in which position it remained, exposed to the fire of the enemy's artillery and sharpshooters, until the morning of the 12th instant, when it marched through Snake Creek Gap, a distance of about eight miles. On the 13th moved at 11 a. m. from Sugar Valley, formed line of battle, and marched by the right of companies to the front, about four miles, through thick woods and underbrush; relieved after midnight and marched to the left and rear about one and a half miles, taking up a new position nearly at right angles with our former one. At 8 a. m. on 14th of May marched in line to the front, with one company thrown out in front of the battalion as skirmishers, and soon discovered a strong line of the enemy's skirmishers opposing our progress. The line was, by instructions, swung to the right and a charge made which drove the enemy and unmasked his fortified position on a ridge about 500 yards distant. The battalion on this day suffered a loss of 3 killed and 15 wounded. We were before sunset relieved by the Eleventh Michigan Volunteers; marched to the rear on the second line of the brigade, and threw up intrenchments. On the 15th, and after sunset, were ordered into the first line and directed to build works on our new position strong enough to resist field artillery, which duty was performed during the night. On the 16th, the enemy having evacuated his works, the battalion was marched three miles to Resaca. On the 17th crossed Oostenaula River, passed through a village named Calhoun, and marched about five miles beyond; distance marched during this day, ten miles. On the 18th the battalion went on duty as guard for division train, and bivouacked for the night near Adairsville; next day passed through village of Kingston and camped on its outskirts. On 21st relieved from duty with division train and joined brigade in camp, three miles south of Kingston, at which camp the battalion remained until the 23d, on which date, the brigade having been detailed on duty as guard to corps train, we marched four miles to Etowah River. Next day relieved from said duty, and, marching five miles, joined division; afterward crossed creek at Hawkins', and camped on ridge. Moved from last-mentioned camp on 26th of May at 2 a. m. to Burnt Hickory, and thence several miles toward Dallas. On 27th marched in line of battle to the front several miles, until 4 p. m., when the battalion moved by the left flank to Pumpkin Vine Creek, where we found the enemy in force; built intrenchments during the night. On the 29th the battalion was separated on the following duties: Captain Barnard, with three companies, A, B, and E, on picket; Lieutenant Leamy, with Companies C, F, G, H, and A, Second Battalion, skirmishing in front of position occupied by Second Battalion, Eighteenth Regiment U. S. Infantry; Captain Phelps, with a portion of Company D, filling a gap between two battalions on the front line of the brigade. On the 30th of May the remaining seventy men of the battalion were directed to cross

