
Numbers 168.- Major Charles Houghtaling, First Illinois Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 169.- Captain Mark H. Prescott, Battery C, First Illinois Light Artillery.

Numbers 170.- Captain Charles M. Barnett, Battery I, Second Illinois Light Artillery.

Numbers 171.- Captain Otho H. Morgan, Seventh Indiana Battery.

Numbers 172.- Lieutenant William P. Stackhouse, Nineteenth Indiana Battery, of operations May 7- August 31.

Numbers 173.- Captain Milton A. Osborne, Twentieth Indiana Battery, of operations August 14- September 2.

Numbers 174.- Lieutenant Joseph McKnight, Fifth Wisconsin Battery.*

Numbers 1.

Reports of Major General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Acworth, Ga., June 8, 1864.

I have heretofore telegraphed you almost daily the progress of events in this quarter, + and as I propose to delay here to- day and it may be to- morrow to afford time to repair railroad bridge across the Etowah and for other combinations at a distance, I propose now merely to report in general terms the state of affairs for the information of the lieutenant- general commanding the armies of the United States. Having made my orders at Nashville for the concentration of the Armies of the Cumberland, ohio, and Tennessee at and near Chattanooga by May 5, according to the programme of Lieutenant- General Grant, I repaired to Chattanooga in person on the 29th of April, and remained there until My 6, by which date General Thomas had grouped his army at and about Ringgold, General Schofield his at and near Cleveland, and General McPherson at and near Gordon's Mills on the Chickamauga. May 6, all the armies moved forward, General Thomas on Tunnel Hill, a gravelly range of hills covering the mouth of the famous Buzzard Roost Pass the range approaching Dalton from the north, and General McPherson aiming for Resaca, eighteen miles south of Dalton, through Snake Creek Gap and Sugar Valley. The enemy lay at Dalton, holding the Buzzard Roost Pass, the line of Mill Creek to the north, and his line of railway back toward Atlanta. My purpose was that General McPherson should reach the railway at Resaca, destroy it to Johnston's rear, and then take up a strong defensive position near the mouth of the gap, and to operate on the flank of the enemy as he retreated. General McPherson reached Resaca with little difficulty but did not beak the road. As soon as I learned this I left General Howard's corps (the Fourth) with cavalry to watch the Buzzard Roost Pass and moved the whole army to Resaca. From the Rocky Face Ridge the enemy had a full view of our movement and a shorter and better line to reach Resaca, so that when on the 13th May I reached Resaca the enemy had evacuated Dalton and occupied Resaca in force. I did not hesitate to attack him though strongly intrenched. Sending a division (General Sweeny's) of the Sixteenth Corps with a pontoon train to Lay's Ferry with orders to

---------------

*Reports continued in Par ii.

---------------

+See Correspondence, etc., Part IV.

