
19th marched to the right the same distance as on the 18th, and returned to the old position at night-fall. On 26th of August the battalion was relieved from picket at 7 p. m., and marched five miles to the right. On 28th marched at 6 a. m. along the Sandtown road, and about eight miles to Montgomery railroad, about four miles south of East Point. On 29th moved one mile toward East Point, along the line of railroad; assisted in destroying the railroad-heating the rails and bending them, and burning the ties. On the 30th marched at 6 a. m. the Rough and Ready road, the battalion being thrown forward as advance guard of the division; marched about 10 miles in a southeasterly direction.

On 1st of September continued the march, and when within one and a half miles of the Macon railroad the battalion was detailed as a picket to cover the brigade front. On the advance of the brigade, and when it formed line of battle to attack the enemy's works on our right, Companies D, F, G, H, and A, Second Battalion, were withdrawn from the picket-line and formed on the right of the brigade, Companies A, B, C, and E remaining on this line, by instructions from the brigade commander. Ninety-two recruits, who had lately joined the battalion and had never been drilled, were, by the same authority, not placed in the line of battle. Companies D, F, G, H, and A, Second Battalion, numbering 118 muskets, advanced with the brigade across the open field under the fire of the enemy, and on arriving at the foot of the height on which the enemy's works were situated were thrown into some confusion by having to pass through a swamp covered with thick underbrush. During this time it was found impossible to preserve the brigade alignment. There being no troops on my right, forming a portion of the attacking force, and my battalion being here greatly exposed to a fire from rebel sharpshooters posted in rifle-pits on a height on my right flank, I found it necessary to detach two companies to dislodge them, who captured 12 rebels and sent them to the rear. The battalion under my command advanced under a heavy fire and charged the enemy's works, and when the brigade was withdrawn from the contest it was reformed behind the crest of the hill. The following officers were present with the battalion on this occasion: First Lieutenants G. W. Johnson (slightly wounded), A. B. Carpenter, and Douglas Edwards (Lieutenant J. J. Wagoner being in charge of the companies on the picket-line). These officers performed their duty with credit to themselves and to the service. The battalion lost on this day 4 killed, 12 wounded. After the battle of Jonesborough was terminated by the defeat and retreat of the enemy, the battalion was detailed on picket to cover the brigade front, from which duty it was relieved on the following morning, when it moved to Jonesborough and encamped. On 5th of September was detailed at 7 p. m. as guard for wagon train of Fifteenth Army Corps at Flint River. Was relieved on the next morning and returned to camp at Jonesborough; marched same day about 1 mile toward Atlanta, constructed works, and camped. On 7th of September moved within ten miles of Atlanta. On 8th camped about 4 p. m. about two miles from Atlanta. On 10th of September marched at sunset about one mile southwest of our former position, where the battalion is now in camp.

The total loss of the battalion during the period covered by this report is 14 killed, 56 wounded, 4 missing in action, and 2 captured by the enemy.

