
I have given in this report a brief summary of the principal events of the campaign in which the battalion took a part. It does not and cannot include a description of the toil and harassing labor undergone by the battalion in common with the brigade at various periods during the campaign. I wish to express my satisfaction with the officers and enlisted men of my command for their cheerful and zealous compliance with my every order, shown alike in meeting the enemy or in the endurance of privation and fatigue. To this spirit we may ascribe the success which has crowned the efforts of our army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES MOONEY,

Captain, Nineteenth Regiment U. S. Infty., Commanding, First Battalion.

Captain W. J. FETTERMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION, 19TH U. S. INFANTRY,Camp at Jonesborough, Ga., September 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to give, for the information of the brigade commander, a detailed report of the operations of this battalion on the 1st instant:

During the march of the brigade to the front from the position occupied by it on the 31st ultimo, and when within one mile of the Macon railroad, the battalion was detailed as a picket to cover the front of the brigade, which was at that time parallel with the line of railroad. Having deployed and reached a point near the railroad, I received orders to connect my line on the right with the skirmishers of the Second Division, then about 400 yards in rear and on the right of my line. When the brigade advanced and formed to the right for the purpose of assaulting the enemy's works on the hill, my line of pickets, excepting that portion connecting the right of the brigade with the left of General Morgan's division, was withdrawn, and formed on the right of the brigade, Companies A, B, C, and E, under command of First Lieutenant J. J. Wagoner, remaining on the picket-line, Companies D, F, G, H, and A, Second Battalion, being formed on the brigade line. The last-mentioned companies, numbering 118 muskets, advanced with the brigade across the open field, under the fire of the enemy, and on arriving at the foot of the height on which the enemy's works were situated, were thrown into some confusion on account of their having to pass through a swamp covered with thick underbrush, during which time it was found impossible to preserve the brigade alignment. There being no troops on my right forming a portion of the attacking party, and my battalion being at this time exposed to an enfilading fire from the enemy's skirmishers posted in rifle-pits on a height on my right flank, I found it necessary to detach two companies to dislodge them, who captured 12 rebels and sent them to the rear. The battalion, under my command, advanced up the height and charged the rebel works, and when the brigade was afterward withdrawn, it was reformed behind the crest of the hill. The recruits, ninety-two in number, who have only lately joined the battalion, and, although armed, have never been drilled, were, by order of the

