
brigade commander, not placed on the line of battle. The casualties in the battalion during the day were as follows: Commissioned officers-wounded, 1. Enlisted men-killed, 4; wounded, 11; missing, 5; total, 20. Aggregate, 21.

First Lieutenant G. W. Johnson (slightly wounded), First Lieutenant A. B. Carpenter, and First Lieutenant Douglas Edwards, acting adjutant, performed their duty with credit to themselves and to the service. The men behaved well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES MOONEY,

Captain, Nineteenth Regiment U. S. Infantry, Commanding

Captain W. J. FETTERMAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 111.

Reports of Colonel Benjamin F. Scribner, Thirty-eighth Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations May 7-July 5.

NEW ALBANY, August 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, during the advance of the army from Ringgold on Atlanta:

We marched from Ringgold on the morning of May 7 and deployed line at Tunnel Hill. A few artillery missiles passed over us and some slight skirmishing only opposed our progress until we arrived in front of Buzzard Roost on the morning of the 9th. Here the enemy were well fortified in a strong position, and notwithstanding our demonstrations refrained from showing themselves in force or developing the position of their batteries until the afternoon of the 9th, when I received orders from General Johnson to move forward with my command to the support of General Carlin, who had succeeded in gaining the side of the mountain without further opposition than the enemy's skirmishing. I had scarcely crossed the creek and was emerging from the woods into an open field, when the enemy for the first time opened his artillery on the top of the mountain. His well-directed shot repeatedly struck my lines, but, to the credit of those often-tried and disciplined veterans be it spoken, they, with steadiness and enthusiasm, pressed forward to the base of the mountain, where I expected to be out of range, but in this was disappointed, for I had no sooner passed under the guns on the mountain when I was enfiladed by batteries on my left. Dispositions were promptly made to cover the command as well as the ground would afford. During the whole of this time a deadly fire from sharpshooters prevailed. I am, however, gratified to state that, notwithstanding the suddenness of this terrific attack, my loss was only 4 killed and 62 wounded. Among the wounded are 5 officers. Colonel Hambright, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania, who had just arrived with his regiment from veteran furlough, was struck in the side by a fragment of a shell. My force of 116 officers and 2,980 men comprised the Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania, Colonel Hambright; Twenty-first Ohio, Colonel Neibling; Seventy-fourth

38 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

