
Ohio, Colonel Given; Seventy-eight Pennsylvania, Colonel Sirwell; Thirty-seventh Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Ward; First Wisconsin, Lieutenant-Colonel Bingham, and Thirty-Eight Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Griffin. A careful reconnaissance of the position was made, and during the night breast-works were thrown up on the most available position the ground afforded, on the left of General Carlin. General Carlin was subsequently withdrawn, and during the night of the 11th I was myself relieved by General Whitaker. In these two days various maneuvers and demonstrations were made to gain information and cover the movements of other portions of the army. From the 12th to the 16th we were occupied in making a flank movement through Snake Creek Gap, and operating against the enemy, who had fallen back and were concentrating near Resaca. We supported General Carlin in the charge on the enemy's works on the 14th. At midnight of the 15th the enemy made an assault, which extended to my front, and was promptly repulsed. On the morning of the 16th the enemy had abandoned their works. The time intervening between the 16th and 27th was occupied in the arduous work of pursuing the enemy, forming lines, and building fortifications. We crossed the Etowah River on the 23rd and Pumpkin Vine Creek on the 26th. On the morning of the 27th I was ordered to form on the left of General King and advance with him in support of General Wood, whose division was formed in our front. The object of the movement was to discover the enemy's right and turn it. Everything being ready, the advance commenced. We proceeded east until the enemy's works were discovered, which advised us that we were not far enough to their right. Then we marched north, then east, to find the same seemingly interminable intrenchments. Thus the day was well-night spent. Through dense woods, over hills and ravines, oppressed with extreme heat, and overcome with the fatigue of our pathless march, we pressed on, and at length arrived near a point known as New Hope Church, on the Little Pumpkin Vine Creek. Here, it was understood, rested the long-sought-for enemy's right, and dispositions were at once made to turn it. The ground was very broken, the creek winding its tortuous way among the hills and a labyrinth of ravines, complicating the difficulties of the position. Wood's brigades were each formed in two line, making the division consist of six lines. After several slight modifications, as the ground and the position of the enemy became more developed, I was finally ordered to form on the left of the center brigade (Gibson's), and advanced with it to protect the left flank of the division. On the left of Wood flowed the creek, on the other side of which rose a ridge, cut by ravines and difficult of ascent. Skirmishers were thrown across the creek on the ridge, also to the front, and from the difficulty I would have in advancing from the prolongation of Wood's line, I determined to throw myself forward and strengthen the line when Wood advanced. Two regiments had hardly moved out when a sharp fire was opened by the skirmishers, which caused me to bring up the rest of the command by the flank touch position as the nature of the ground would permit, so that they might come into their places in line as the front became extended as the column advanced. It was about 5 o'clock in the evening when the column emerged from the wooded hill into an open wheat-field, across which we marched, ascended a wooded

