
Numbers 112.

Reports of Colonel Marshall F. Moore, Sixty-ninth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations July 15-September 8.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Jonesborough, Ga., September 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the battle near Jonesborough, Ga., on Thursday, September 1, 1864:

On the morning of that day the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, moved down the Atlanta and Jonesborough road, my brigade having the advance. After passing the right of the Army of the Cumberland, directed by the general commanding the division, the Sixty-ninth Ohio, Captain Hicks, was deployed on our front and left flank as skirmishers. Upon connecting with the left of the Army of the Tennessee, I was directed to make a reconnaissance in the direction of the railroad, something more than a mile distant. The Seventy-fourth Ohio, Colonel Given, was thrown forward as skirmishers, and the brigade moved by the flank. I had proceeded but a short distance when the enemy opened upon the column with shell from a section of artillery, posted upon a hill a few hundred yards in front. I immediately formed the brigade into a double line for battle, and advanced through a piece of timber and to the crest of a hill beyond, upon which there was a fringe of bushes. My skirmish line, strengthened by the Sixteenth U. S. Infantry and two additional companies which had been thrown out to cover my left flank, had now become engaged with the enemy and drove them and the two pieces of artillery so rapidly that one of the caissons was overturned and left in our hands. The advance of my line of battle was greatly impeded by a narrow swamp, a muddy stream, Chambers' Mill creek, and a deep, wide ditch, in succession. After crossing these I advanced to the summit of a high hill and to the skirt of another piece of timber, where I was directed to halt my command and commence fortifying. The two guns had been placed in position again and opened upon us, but were again withdrawn as the skirmish line advanced. I was now directed to cease working and send forward a regiment to the railroad. The Twenty-first Ohio, Colonel McMahan, was sent and soon reported that his command was on the railroad. In accordance with instructions from the general commanding the division, I now moved my brigade forward into an open field and formed in double line, fronting south, my left resting upon the railroad. After being formed, my command was advanced to the edge of a very dense wood directly in our front, and halted till the Second Brigade formed on my right, when I again advanced through the timber, about 600 yards in extent. Upon emerging from the woods, my skirmish line became hotly engaged with the enemy, posted upon the crest of a hill beyond; and at the same time my left flank became exposed to a galling fire from the opposite side of the railroad. Major-General Stanley had previously said that he would protect my flank. He having failed to do this, I sent six companies across the railroad for that purpose, and re-enforced my skirmish line by the First Wisconsin, and ordered the line thus re-enforced to charge across the open field in front, which it did in fine style, dislodging the enemy from the summit of the hill and from temporary works at the margin of the woods beyond. My command was the

