
engagement my command fought under many serious disadvantages. The distance from the field to the main works on my right was 100 yards, on my left 300. The lines had to advance over this space through a dense thicket or fallen trees. It was next to impossible to preserve a line of battle. Had the ground been open, I would not have stopped to fire a shot, and would have gained the works in five minutes, taking more prisoners and, I think, a battery. In addition to this both of my flanks were exposed until the works were taken; and my left to the last. With few exceptions, the conduct of both officers and men was all that could have been wished. Owing to the fact that I could see but a very small portion of the command at any one time, I cannot speak positively in regard to the comparative merits of particular regiments and officers. I saw no indication of panic or stampede during the day. Upon reforming the regiments there were but very few men unaccounted for. No prisoners wee taken by the enemy either during or after the action, though the fight was a hand to hand one for a few minutes. It will be seen from the accompanying tabular statement* that the aggregate loss in the brigade was 203, of which number 3 only are missing.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. MOORE,

Colonel Sixty-ninth Ohio Veteran Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain G. W. SMITH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., 14th Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, September 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of respectfully submitting the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade since I took command of it, July 15, 1864, except of the 1st instant, already given:

July 17, crossed the Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry. Moved up the road a few hundred yards and formed line of battle to the left of the road. Threw out skirmishers in front and on the left flank. Moved forward, skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry until the skirmishers reached Nancy's Creek.

July 18, moved forward, driving the enemy's mounted infantry, from time to time during the day, from temporary defenses, and finally across Peach Tree Creek, on the banks of which the line rested for the night. On the night of the 19th crossed Peach Tree Creek at Howell's Mill.

July 20, at daylight moved to the left of the road and formed line of battle, leaving sufficient space for the First Brigade to form between my right and the road, its right resting upon the road, its right resting upon the road and connecting with the left of the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. Skirmishers being thrown forward, I advanced through woods, skirmishing, some 300 yards, when I was directed to halt and fortify my position. While doing this a portion of the Twentieth Army Corps came up on my left, but did not go into position. After we had got our breast-works well toward completion a portion of the Twentieth Army Corps fought behind them on the afternoon of the same day. I was ordered to move to the right of the First Bri-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

