
sent back for the two remaining regiments of my brigade, directing them to follow across the field. My line continued to advance through a dense growth of timber, driving the enemy pell-mell before it until within 200 yards of their main works, and directly under a battery. This had been opened upon us, but without effect, the missiles passing over. We were now 400 yards beyond the field, three-quarters of a mile from our original position, and nearly half a mile from support on both right and left. As soon as we had halted the men commenced putting up works, under a heavy fire. As the other regiments came up, I placed five in the first line, holding two in reserve. The First Brigade was moved upon my left about 9 p. m. On my right I placed five in the first line, holding two in reserve. The First Brigade was moved upon my left about 9 p. m. On my right I had no connection, except the skirmish line. In this little affair I lost 3 officers and 53 men. The skirmishers, as well as the two regiments which immediately supported them, behaved most gallantly. Lieutenant-Colonel Brigham, who led the advanced line, was conspicuous for his coolness and gallantry, as well as for the skill with which he handled his command. At 1 o'clock the next morning the enemy had abandoned and my troops entered his works. On the morning of the 22nd we followed the enemy until we came up with them, and then took position on the right of the railroad, about two miles from Atlanta. My command remained here until the afternoon of July 28, when I was directed to move to the extreme right and support the Fifteenth Corps, then engaged. I took position on the right of this corps, and made strong works during the night. The following morning I was relieved and returned to my former position.

August 3, the Fourteenth Corps, with the exception of my brigade, moved to the right. On the afternoon of the 4th, by direction of Major-General Thomas, my brigade joined the division, and was placed on the extreme right of the army. I had scarcely got into position when I was ordered to go back, with all possible dispatch, and report to Brigadier-General Williams, commanding Twentieth Corps. This I did, and was place in position between the Twentieth and Sixteenth Corps. Remained here, advancing my lines twice, until the night of August 25, when I joined the division. On the 26th moved farther to the right and went into position on the left of the Twenty-third Corps.

August 28, moved across to the Montgomery railroad. August 29, engaged in destroying the railroad. August 30, moved toward the Macon railroad, in the direction of Jonesborough. August 31, moved beyond Renfroe's house, and in the afternoon to the support of the Army of the Tennessee, with the other brigades of the division. At night the division returned to the position it had occupied the previous night. The operations of my brigade in the engagement of the 1st instant have been given in separate reports. The loss in killed and wounded in the brigade since I took command is 18 officers and 343 enlisted men; aggregate, 361.

The officers and men of my command have endured the incessant labors and hardships of this protracted campaign with cheerfulness and fortitude. They have me the dangers to which they have been almost constantly exposed with a courage and determination worthy of the cause in which they are engaged.

To the officers I am indebted for prompt obedience to orders, and the uniform courtesy and respect shown to me as brigade commander.

