
Infantry. The next day, May 12, 1864, the regiment marched about fifteen miles to Snake Creek Gap, and on the 13th of May took position, with our brigade as reserve to First Division, on the battle-field of Resaca. The regiment remained in reserve until May 15, when it moved about one mile to the left and took position on the front in the second line of the Third Brigade, on the right of the division. Here the regiment remained under the fire of the enemy, protected by earth-works, until May 16, when the enemy having fled the previous night, the regiment started in pursuit. The pursuit was continued until May 21, 1864, during which and the following day, May 22, 1864, the regiment laid in camp making preparations for a farther advance. On the morning of May 23 the regiment again broke camp, crossed the Etowah River at Island Ford, and camped on Euharlee Creek. The march continued until May 26, 1864, on which day the regiment reached the vicinity of the enemy and formed line of battle. On May 27 the regiment moved to the extreme left to support the Fourth Corps, and about 5 p. m. were ordered into action on the extreme left of the line, the left of the regiment resting on Pumpkin Vine Creek, and the right on the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers. Upon taking this position, I sent Major T. Va. Kimble to the brigade commander with the information that the left flank was very much exposed and received the assurance that it should be care for. Shortly after the major's return to the regiment, the enemy made a charge, which was gallantly repulsed. Finding that the position was stubbornly held, the enemy crossed the creek with a part of their force and assailed the left flank of the regiment. I immediately sent Adjt. William B. Harvey to the brigade commander with the information that the left flank was assailed. Before Adjutant Harvey returned, the enemy again charged, during which I was wounded, and the command devolved upon Major T. V. Kimble.

On the 6th day of June, the enemy having retreated, the regiment marched about seven miles to the vicinity of the Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad. From the 7th to the 10th day of June, both inclusive, the regiment laid in camp.

On the 11th of June the regiment moved out of camp and formed line of battle in front of the rebel lines running from Kenesaw to Lost Mountain. In this position the regiment skirmished with the enemy, gradually advancing and driving them back until June 19, when the enemy retreated from our immediate front and fell back about two miles to a new and more formidable position.

June 20, the regiment marched about two miles and took position about one mile to the right of Kenesaw Mountain, where it remained under the fire of artillery and sharpshooters until June 23, when it marched about three miles to the right and took position on Bald Knob. In this position the regiment remained under very annoying fire of artillery and sharpshooting until July 2, when it moved at 11 p. m. about two miles to the left and labored all night erecting fortifications to protect the left of the army. During the night the enemy retreated, and July 3, the regiment again marched in pursuit and overtook the enemy about four miles south of Marietta, where it was held in reserve during the action of July 4. July 5, the regiment marched in pursuit of the enemy, who had retreated the evening before, and came up with them in the evening of the same day in the vicinity of the Chattahoochee River. About 5 p. m. the regiment moved to the front, formed line of battle, and erected

