
temporary fortifications, where it laid under fire until July 8, when it was moved to the rear and placed in reserve, and acted as such until July 10, when the rebels retreated. From July 10, until July 17 the regiment laid in camp. On the day last named the regiment broke camp and marched to the left; crossed the Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry. About 3 p. m. the regiment formed line of battle and commenced slowly advancing, skirmishing and slowly driving the rebels. July 18 and 19, skirmishing and advancing continued. July 20, the regiment was under a very heavy fire of sharpshooters and fire of artillery, but with small loss, owing to the protection afforded by a hill in its immediate front. July 21, skirmishing commenced early and continued until 5 p. m., when the division charged, this regiment being in the front line, and drove the enemy about one mile to their fortifications, and built breast-works for its protection. July 22, started early in pursuit of retreating rebels and met them again in about two miles of Atlanta. Here the regiment moved to the right and formed line of battle, erecting earth-works for its protection, the Thirty-seventh Indiana being in the front line. Here the regiment remained until July 26, when it was relieved by the First Brigade and placed in reserve.

July 28, the regiment marched to the extreme right of the army to re-enforce the troops heavily engaged on that flank, and remained there without being engaged until July 29, when it returned to camp. The regiment laid in camp in reserve until August 2, when it was detailed to guard the corps supply train; with it the regiment remained repairing roads, guarding and aiding it in various ways during the remainder of the campaign.

In conclusion, I would say that the officers and soldiers throughout the entire campaign behaved nobly, doing their whole duty under the most trying circumstances. All did so well that I think all are deserving of praise, and that distinctions are invidious.

I am, captain, yours,

WM. D. WARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirty-seventh Indiana Vol. Infty.

[Captain L. E. HICKS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 114.

Report of Major Thomas V. Kimble, Thirty-seventh Indiana Infantry, of operations May 27-June 6.

CAMP THIRTY-SEVENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,

Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

SIR: I submit the following report of the movements of the regiment from the evening of the 27th of May to the 6th day of June:

Near 5 p. m. [May 27], and shortly after the enemy were repulsed in the second charge (in which you received your wound), Adjt. William B. Harvey returned and informed me that two regiments had been sent to the north side of Pumpkin Vine Creek, to support the left of the Thirty-seventh Indiana. I immediately sent the adjutant to watch the movements of the enemy on the left, and at the same time had four men placed on the bank of the creek to notify the troops when they arrived that were to support us on the left where our

