
lines were. At the same time I gave Captain Hezekiah Shook charge of the right. These arrangements were hardly completed when the enemy made their third charge to break through the lines of the left of the regiment. They were again repulsed. Adjutant Harvey reported to me that the lines of the left were very much thinned, and were nearly out of ammunition, and that no support had yet arrived for our left. I ordered fifteen men from the right (Company D) to report to the adjutant on the left, and had cartridges collected on the right and sent to the left for distribution. I also immediately sent Corporal Weiner, of Company B, to report to the colonel commanding the brigade the condition of the regiment, and that no support had yet arrived for our left, and received an answer that two regiments had been sent across the creek, with orders to move forward and form on our left. While these preparations were being made the enemy made their fourth attempt to force the left back, and were again repulsed. No support coming up, I was again compelled to re-enforce the left from the right wing with both men and ammunition. I then sent Lieutenant J. W. Stoner to inform the colonel commanding the brigade of the situation of the regiment, and received an answer that three regiments had been sent across the creek, with orders to support us on the left. The men were busily engaged building works when the skirmishers were again attacked and driven back to the lines, the enemy making their fifth charge on our lines, but with same result as before. It now being near sunset, I sent Lieutenant J. W. Stoner to the rear, with instructions to cross the creek, find and conduct the troops that were on that side opposite to where our left rested on said creek, which he succeeded in doing, just after the sixth and last charge was made by the enemy at 9 p. m. This last charge was simultaneous on the whole line, and the troops on the right of the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania gave way, leaving the right exposed to the flank fire of the enemy. The colonel of the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania was compelled to change front to the rear on the tenth company. To protect the right flank in this position the Thirty-seventh Indiana and Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania lay until near 12 o'clock midnight, when the skirmishing ceased. We withdrew and passed to the rear of a line of works thrown up by the Second Brigade, First Division. In this engagement the casualties of the Thirty-seventh Indiana Volunteers were 13 killed and 43 wounded and 1 missing. The wounded were all carried off, and also all of the dead, except 3.

May 28, laid in reserve and buried our dead. May 29, moved up and joined Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania in support of the Second Brigade. June 1, the Thirty-seventh Indiana Volunteers relieved the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteers on front line. June 2, was relieved from the front line by the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. June 3, received an order to rejoin the Third Brigade for duty, in which position we served until the enemy left our front, on the morning of the 5th of June.

Casualties of the Thirty-seventh Indiana Volunteers from the 28th May to the 6th day of June were 9 wounded.

In conclusion, I would say that both officers and soldiers behaved nobly, and on all occasions performed the duties assigned to them promptly.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours,

THOS. V. KIMBLE,

Major Thirty-seventh Indiana Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. WARD.

