
Numbers 115.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel F. Griffin, Thirty-eighth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH INDIANA VETERAN VOLS.,Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by the Thirty-eighth Regiment Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry in the summer campaign of 1864, in the State of Georgia: May 3, 1864, moved from Graysville, Ga., as part of Third Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps (Colonel B. F. Scribner, Thirty-eight Indiana, commanding brigade), stopping at Ringgold until May 7, 1864, when the regiment participated in the advance on, and occupation of, Tunnel Hill, the enemy retiring to Buzzard driving the enemy's skirmishers and occupying an advanced position under a heavy fire of artillery, losing in this advance and position 2 enlisted men killed, 3 officers and 11 enlisted men wounded. May 12, marched from Buzzard Roost, passing through Snake Creek Gap, and participating with the brigade in the advance on Resaca, May 14 and 15, without loss. May 16, commenced pursuit of the enemy, passing through Calhoun, Adairsville, and Kingston, crossing Etowah River at Island Ford, May 23, taking position, May 26, in front of the enemy's works near Dallas.

May 27, moved with brigade and division, supporting General Wood's division, Fourth Army Corps, passing to the front and left, striking the enemy on Little Pumpkin Vine Creek, the brigade advancing on the left of said division; the Thirty-eighth, with First Wisconsin Infantry, was ordered to the left flank to occupy and hold a hill of some importance, which was done, driving the enemy skirmishers and cavalry from it, with a loss to the Thirty-eighth of 2 privates wounded. At midnight the command was withdrawn by order, building works on a new line; and from that date until June 5, when the enemy were forced to withdraw from their position, the regiment was under continuous fire of both artillery and musketry, losing 1 private killed and 2 wounded. June 6, participated in the pursuit, going into position some three mils in front of Kenesaw Mountain. Here on the 17th of June the Thirty-eighth was ordered to the front to advance the lines, and did so, charging the enemy's skirmish pits, capturing 15 prisoners with their arms. Early on the 18th again advanced the line, charged their pits, capturing 4 prisoners and driving the enemy in our front to their main works near foot of Kenesaw Mountain, and holding the position 600 yards there-from under a heavy artillery and musketry fire. During these advances the regiment lost 2 killed and 5 wounded. The enemy again forced from his lines, the regiment with brigade went into position near southwest end of Kenesaw; again moving on night of 22nd about one and half miles to right and taking position on Bald Knob, 700 yards from enemy's main works, and from which the most vigorous shelling was kept up daily on our lines, the regiment losing 1 killed and 3 wounded. Remained in this position until the night of July 2, when the brigade moved to the left flank, only to find the enemy in retreat on the morning of July 3. Followed in pursuit at once, passing through Marietta and forcing the enemy, July 5, to

