
near their main works on the Chattahoochee River. On this date, Colonel Scribner having been taken quite sick, the command of the brigade devolved upon Colonel Given, Seventy-fourth Ohio Veteran Volunteers.

July 9, the regiment supported the Twenty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteers in advancing the skirmish line north of the Chattahoochee River, where a spirited and gallant affair ensued, the Twenty-first charging and carrying the enemy's rifle-pits, the Thirty-eighth, as a reserve, losing 5 wounded during the affray.

July 15, Colonel M. F. Moore, Sixty-ninth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, having been assigned to the command of the brigade and subsequent operations of the regiment coming under your personal observation, I shall be as brief as possible.

July 17, crossed the Chattahoochee River near Vining's Station, advancing and participating in the skirmish from that point to the crossing of Nancy's and Peach Tree Creeks. On the 20th was in the front line during the engagement of that day, losing 1 captain and 4 enlisted men wounded.

July 21, the regiment was ordered on a reconnaissance, finding the enemy in force three-quarters of a mile to the front. Returned with loss of 1 killed and 1 wounded. Afternoon of 21st, as part of first line, supported Lieutenant-Colonel Brigham, Sixty-ninth Ohio Veteran Volunteers, in his advance of skirmish line. His regiment and line gallantly charged across open fields, driving and capturing many of the enemy. The Thirty-eighth, with Twenty-first Ohio and Thirty-seventh Indiana following as support, pressed the lines to within 400 yards of enemy's main works and occupied the same at 1 a. m., the enemy retreating on Atlanta. In this advance the regiment lost 1 killed and 4 wounded. July 22, participated in advance on Atlanta, going into position in front of their works, and about two miles from the city.

July 28, moved with brigade to support the Army of the Tennessee, then engaged with the enemy. Went into position on the flank of said army, throwing up works, but did not become engaged. From this date until August 25, p. m., the regiment participated in the skirmishers and advances made by the brigade in the vicinity of Atlanta, taking with the brigade an advanced position in the lines on August 9 and 10 within 1,000 yards of enemy's main works. Losses, though light, were of almost daily occurrence.

August 29, 9 p. m., left position in front of Atlanta to take part in the movements south of that point. Joined division (from which the brigade had been temporarily detached) on the night of the 25th.

August 26, fortified a flank line of works. August 27 and 28, moved southwesterly, striking Atlanta and West Point Railroad six miles south of East Point on the afternoon of 28th. 29th, assisted in destroying railroad, which was done effectively. August 30, moved in direction of Macon railroad, advancing to within four miles of Jonesborough. September 1, commenced movement eastward to-ward railroad, Third Brigade in advance of corps; moved our on the rough and Ready and Jonesborough road, soon meeting the enemy's skirmishers; lines were formed, Second Brigade on right, Third Brigade on left, advancing thus for about a mile through fields, swamps, sloughs, and creeks, driving the enemy's skirmishers and gaining the railroad about two miles north of Jonesborough, there connecting with Fourth Army Corps: lines reformed about 4

39 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

