
p. m. in the same order, facing south, the left of Third Brigade resting on railroad. The Thirty-eighth, the right of second line, advanced through an immense thicket under fire of enemy's skirmishers, who were driven by our skirmish line (of which Company D, Captain James H. Low, formed a part) across an open field and into their works in woods beyond. The first line of brigade followed closely, putting up light works in edge of timber, while the second line was halted 100 yards in rear and also put up a light line of works. The first line now advancing became hotly engaged in the woods, the fight extending to the right for some distance with great fury. The other regiments from second line were ordered forward to support the first, charges of our comrades. Soon, however, came an order for the Thirty-eighth to advance, and crossing the field was ordered to take, if possible, the enemy's works. Moving to the right of the brigade line the woods were entered; then deploying Company G, Captain H. F. Perry, and Company H, Lieutenant David H. Patton commanding, as skirmishers, the advance was given and acted upon with alacrity. The men in the face of a terrible fire charging over the falling timber and abatis, struck the works and carried them, then swinging by a wheel to the left, advanced down the line toward the railroad, clearing the pits and traverses as they passed, hurrying the prisoners to the rear. In a short time the brigade front was cleared, the railroad gained, and a rebel section of artillery and infantry colors escaping seemed to be made,and the enfilading fire from there was such that safety required the left bank should be taken. So across the railroad, down and up the sides of a ten-foot cut, did the men charge, clearing the works for sixty yards beyond, until in fact they came under the fire of our men of the Fourth Corps, who were 300 yards to the rear. This caused a withdrawal toward the left bank of the railroad, which was held, together with the right bank and rebel works to the right. The enemy's battery was now in its second position, not 400 yards down the railroad, and hurled the canister directly against us. No advance being made by the troops on the left of the railroad, the enemy rallied, advanced up their traversed line to within four rods of our position, and finally caused a withdrawal from that side of the road, after losing Major Carter, wounded, Captains Jenkins and Perry, wounded, and Lieutenant Osborn, killed, while enlisted men fell in proportion. Having now withdrawn to right bank of railroad, still occupying the full brigade front of rebel works (the Seventy-fourth Ohio having taken position on the right), and seeing no prospect of the advance of troops on the left of the railroad, and having received notice that all the troops of our brigade were than in action, I deemed it but slaughter of the men, who had done so gallantly to remain longer exposed to the terrible enfilading fire from the left, and consequently withdrew about dusk in good order to the open field in rear. The enemy fought with the greatest desperation, and after first entering their works it was a continuous fight along their line of traverses for each section, many not dropping their guns until fired on or clubbed with the rifle. The smallness of the command deterred me from sending prisoners to the rear under guard, although 41 were thus disposed of, but I am certain the estimate is none too high when I say 100 at least were sent to the rear by the regiment. To both officers and

