HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH INDIANA VET. VOL. INFTY.,Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report as follows as to the part taken by this command in the Georgia campaign between the date of July 5 and 13:

July 5, the regiment participated with the brigade in advancing the lines to near the north bank of the Chattahoochee River, late on the afternoon of the 5th, advancing and taking position in first line, losing 2 enlisted men wounded. July 9, supported Twenty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry in their advance of the skirmish line, in which spirited and gallant affair the Twenty-first charged and carried the enemy's rifle-pits, the Thirty-eighth, as reserve, advancing to their support, losing 5 enlisted men wounded in the affray. On the Chattahoochee River, burning the railroad bridge. From July 10 until 15 the command lay in reserve on north side of river. Below I give list of casualties.*

Recapitulation: Killed, 1; wounded, 8; total, 9.

D. T. GRIFFIN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-eighth Indiana Vet. Vol. Infty.

Colonel JOSIAH GIVEN,

Seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Numbers 116.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Arnold McMaham, Twenty-first Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST OHIO INFANTRY, VOLS.,In the Field, Ga., July 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

Soon after occupying the picket-line yesterday morning, in obedience to orders, I formed my regiment to attack the enemy. The rifle-pits of the enemy on our right of the railroad were soon carried. The troops on our left failed to support my command, and we suffered from a flank fire from the enemy in their works on the left of the road. I sent Captain S. F. Cheney with four companies to dislodge the enemy on the left of the road, which was promptly accomplished. Support still failed to arrive, and we were forced to abandon the works on our left of the road. We held the works on the right of the road. At 4 o'clock this morning the skirmishers, under command of Captain Daniel Lewis, advanced and occupied the stockade and trenches of the enemy, and in a short time our lines bridge. Adjt. E. L. Baird is entitled to credit for his efficient aid in our affair of yesterday.

I moved to the front with 12 officers and 382 men. Our los is as follows: Killed-enlisted men, 14. Wounded-commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 37. Missing-commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 1. Total, 55. We captured 17 prisoners.

A. McMAHAN,

Major, Commanding.

Lieutenant B. P. DEWEY,

A. D. C. and A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th A. C.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

