
brush thicket, under a murderous fire from the enemy, losing 5 enlisted men killed, 30 enlisted men wounded, and 1 enlisted man missing; and captured 1 rebel adjutant 6 men, and 24 stand of arms. We took prisoners as follows: July 9, 18 privates, Vining's Station; July 10, 5 privates Vining's Station; July 20, 1 private, Nancy's Creek; July 22, 2 privates, Peach Tree Creek; September 1, 1 officer, 6 privates, Jonesborough, Ga. Total, 33. Total stand of arms captured, 54. Our casualties are: Officers-killed, 2; wounded, 5; missing, 1. Privates-killed, 32; wounded, 119; missing, 1. Total, 160. A list of the casualties accompanies this report.

I here desire to mention the never-failing gallantry of Adjt. E. L. Baird, whose efficient aid under all circumstances during the campaign greatly contributed to the success which has attended this regiment in every operation. Sergt. Major Earl W. Merry displayed courage and coolness in action on all occasions worthy of emulation. He lost his foot July 20.

Respectfully submitted.

A. McMAHAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Regiment Ohio Infty, Vols.

Captain L. E. HICKS,

A. A. A. G., Third Brigadier, First Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 117.

Report of Colonel Josiah Given, Seventy-fourth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 7-July 5 and August 16-September 5.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH Regiment OHIO VET. INFANTRY,Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventy-fourth Regiment Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry while under my command in the recent campaign in Northern Georgia:

The regiment marched with the army from Ringgold on the 7th day of May, numbering, 25 commissioned officers and 290 enlisted men for duty. The regiment was first brought into action on the evening of the 9th of May, when the brigade was advanced against the enemy, strongly posted on the mountain on the right of the railroad at Buzzard Roost. The regiment being on the extreme left of the brigade line advanced directly into the range of the enemy's artillery on the mountain, and from which we suffered severely. Adjt. Matthew H. Peters was severely wounded while assisting me in holding the ranks in order. (For other casualties at this and other points see accompanying list.*) The line as at once withdrawn from this hazardous position to one of more safety. The regiment remained with the brigade on that lie until the evening of the 11th, when the brigade was relieved. We next became engaged on the line near Resaca on the evening of the 14th of May, the regiment having been placed in position on the front line, which position we fortified during the night of the 14th. We remained in that position all the day and night of the 15th, exchanging shots with the enemy posted

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

