
behind the works within easy rifle range. During the night of the 15th the enemy made a spirited charge on our lines. The skirmishers, under command of Lieutenant Thomas Kirby, posted in front of the Seventy-fourth,deserve special praise for the handsome manner in which they met the charge and drove the enemy to his works again. The regiment was next engaged on the 27th of May on Pumpkin Vine Creek, where it was advanced with the brigade to a position on the extreme left of the army and in the second line of the brigade. The regiment did not become engaged until in the night, though subjected to a severe fire of artillery and musketry during several hours. About 10 o'clock at night the enemy renewed his attack with great violence, causing the brigade on our right to fall back. I received orders from Colonel Scribner, commanding the brigade, to deploy a company as skirmishes over the ground vacated by the other brigade, so as to prevent the enemy from surprising our right. This I did by deploying Company A, Captain John W. McMillen, they taking and holding their position, despite the spirited fire of the enemy, until the brigade was safely withdrawn within the works that had been constructed in the rear during the evening. On the morning of the 28th I was ordered to report with my regiment to Brigadier-General Carlin, commanding First Brigade, which I did, and was assigned to a position in reserve, where we remained until the 2nd of June without being engaged, but all the time subject to scattering shots and shell from the enemy. On the evening of the 2nd of June I received orders from Colonel Scribner to relieve the Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, posted on the front line, which we did, and held that position under constant fire until the morning of the 5th of June, when the enemy evacuated. The regiment participated in the continual skirmishing that attended the advance of the brigade to its position at Kenesaw Mountain.

On the 18th of June we were subject to a severe artillery fire during the attack on the enemy's first line of works.

On the night of the 20th of June we were placed into position behind partially constructed works immediately to the right of Kenesaw Mountain. These works the men completed under the direction of line officers during the night, though harassed by a continual fire for musketry from the enemy's lines. During the afternoon of the 21st our position was subjected to the most terrific cannonading I have ever witnessed, and which lasted without interruption for over an hour, and yet, strange to say, not a man struck. I attribute this fact to the skillful manner in which the works were built, and the prudence of the men in keeping within the works. On the night of the 22nd we moved with the brigade to a position in the line farther to the right, where my regiment was posted in the second line and remaining there until after the evacuation by the enemy on the 3rd day of July. In this position we were again subject to an artillery fire that at time was furious.

On the 4th of July we were posted in reserve to the Second Brigade during its engagement with the enemy on that day on the Marietta and Atlanta road.

July 5, I took command of the brigade, Colonel Scribner being excused from duty on account of a severe illness. The command of the regiment devolved upon Major Joseph Fisher from that day until the 16th of August, when I resumed command. The regiment was then posted in the works with the brigade before Atlanta, and re-

