
mained there until the evening of the 25th of August, participating in the continual skirmishing carried on with the enemy. The regiment was next engaged on the 1st day of September near Jonesborough. I received orders from Colonel Moore, commanding brigade, to advance with my regiment, in connection with the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, and Sixteenth U. S. Infantry, against the enemy, seen to be posted behind temporary works of rails in the edge of the woods on the opposite hill-side across Chambers' Mill Creek. The advance was made across open fields and under the enemy's fire of musketry and artillery, by passing the line rapidly from one position to the next that might offer advantage. after making the second halt the enemy's reserves were seen to be retreating, when I ordered the line forward to the works. Had it not been for the marshy character of the ground over which the lines had to pass, and the delay caused by crossing Mill Creek, we would have captured some of the enemy and possibly his artillery. A caisson and its contents, which they upset in the flight, was the only capture of the charge. The enemy having retreated to the woods on our right, and our right and Company B, Lieutenant P. A. Weaver. These officers deployed their companies and made a dashing advance to the crest of the hill under a severe fire. The right being still exposed, Major Locher, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, at my request sent out a company, by the assistance of which the enemy were driven. Lieutenants Bricker and Weaver deserve special mention for their conduct on this occasion. The enemy having rapidly retreated before our skirmishers, the line was halted and rejoined the brigade. The brigade having advanced to the Macon railroad, near McPeak's house, the lines were reformed, the Seventy-fourth taking position in the center of the first line. The lines were then advanced through the woods to the north boundary of Johnston's farm, where they were halted in position, the skirmishers being closely engaged in our front. I received an order from Colonel Moore to advance to the first line, but before I could communicate the order to my own or the other regiments of the line, the First Wisconsin Volunteers, from the second line, passed through the line of my regiment to the front, and was joined on the right and left by the other two regiments of the first line, thus forming a complete line with the place of my regiment in the line filled up. The first line being halted at the crest of the hill in front, I discovered that the First Wisconsin continued to move forward, leaving the position of the Seventy-fourth vacant, and thereupon I moved the regiment forward to its place and joined flanks with the Sixty-ninth Ohio, on my right, but found that the Twenty-first Ohio had continued to move forward with the First Wisconsin and halted in the face of the woods next in front. Hearing through a staff officer that the First Wisconsin, which had been heavily engaged, was getting short of ammunition and desired relief, I asked Captain Hicks, commanding Sixty-ninth Ohio, to relieve them, they being posted directly in his front. Captain Hicks promptly moved his regiment forward for that purpose. I then moved the Seventy-fourth forward to the face of the woods and received orders from Colonel Moore to form the first line and move forward as far as we could. I reformed the line with the Seventy-fourth Ohio on the right, the Twenty first Ohio on the left, and Sixty-ninth Ohio in the center. When about to advance with the

