
line I discovered that there were on skirmishers in front, which fact I reported to Colonel Moore, and received his order to move forward at once, which I did. An advance of a few rods in the dense brush disclosed the enemy posted in intrenchments, with their front covered by fallen timber, while the position furnished no protection or advantage to our men but what the thick growth of small bushes afforded. Soon after our occupation of this position the line to the right of the Seventy-fourth fell back, leaving our flank exposed to a severe flank fire, which ultimately caused the Seventy-fourth to fall back to the face of the woods, and to which position the other regiments also retired. I reported these facts to Colonel Moore and received his order to again advance the line and drive the enemy out of his works. The line again advanced, and Sixty-ninth Ohio on the right, Twenty-first Ohio on the left, and Seventy-fourth Ohio in the center. The enemy's works were manfully charged and taken after a most obstinate struggle, the works being divided by traverses at every twenty or thirty feet. Each section had to be fought for separately, and by thus following the line of works toward the left, our lines were brought under the range of the enemy's artillery in the opening at the railroad, where a most destructive fire of shot and shell was brought to bear upon our ranks and caused them to again fall back to the face of the woods. When the artillery first opened on us I reported the situation to General Carlin, commanding division, having met with him when looking for Colonel Moore. Receiving no orders, I allowed my command to remain until it was driven back by the force of the enemy's fire. A number of prisoners were taken at the time our line took the enemy's works, and they were started to the rear, expecting the second line to take charge of them, but owing to the severe fire in our front and the comparative quietness on our right, they passed out to the right and fell into the hands of other brigades. I have no means of arriving at the number of prisoners taken. Night having set in i was ordered to strengthen the works in our front and hold our position until morning.

In conclusion of this hasty and imperfect report, it affords me great pleasure to bear witness to the commendable patience with which both officers and men have borne the hardships and privations of the campaign, and the true soldierly bravery with which they have faced every danger. We mourn the loss of many good and brave men during the campaign, and the true soldierly bravery with which they have faced every danger. We mourn the loss of many good and brave men during the campaign and particularly in the last action. Among the latter number is Lieutenant John Scott, Company B, who fell dead at the head of his company and close on the enemy's works. In his death the regiment has lost a most fitting example as a true Christian and brave soldier. The 18 killed and 88 wounded in the regiment during the entire campaign tells more plainly than I can the spirit with which the regiment has met and faced the dangers of the past four months.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSIAH GIVEN,

Colonel Seventy-fourth Regiment Ohio Infantry.

Lieutenant H. O. MONTAGUE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

