
Numbers 118.

Report of Major Joseph Fisher, Seventy-fourth Ohio Infantry, of operations July 5-August 15.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY.,Jonesborough, Ga., September 4, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the Seventy-fourth Regiment Ohio Veteran Infantry, from the 5th day of July to the 15th day of August, 1864, during which time I was in command:

On the 5th day of July I was ordered by Colonel Given, commanding brigade, to deploy my regiment as skirmishers and advance the line, which I did in connection with a part of the First Brigade; drove the enemy back to his line of works, situated on the north side of the Chattahoochee River. Crossing the Atlanta and Western Railroad on the 9th of July, the brigade had a sharp fight. The regiment took position in the second line under fire, but did not get into the action. On the 10th day of June was again ordered on the skirmish line, but finding the enemy had evacuated the night previous, I was ordered to advance my regiment as skirmishers to the river-bank, a distance of about two miles, which I did. Finding no enemy on the north side, I returned to camp, where I remained until July 17, when we marched and crossed the Chattahoochee at Pace's Ferry, and formed in lined of battle. Had slight skirmishing where we halted for the night and built a line of works. The next morning, July 18, marched by the right flank until we crossed Nancy's Creek, when we formed line of battle on the right of the First Brigade; had slight skirmishing with the enemy in the afternoon; halted in the evening on the high ground near the north bank of Peach Tree Creek, where we were ordered to build a strong line of works, which we did that night. Halted there until the next night, July 19, when we marched out and took position to support the Second Division. Before daybreak on the morning of July 20 crossed Peach Tree Creek at Turner's Mill, formed line of battle, took a position with the brigade on the left of the First Brigade, but was soon relieved by the troops of the Twentieth Corps, when we moved to the right, and took a position in the second line, and was exposed to a severe shelling and fire of grape and canister,during which time my men built pretty substantial works. Remained there until the afternoon of July 21, when we took part in the advance of the lines, which resulted in driving the enemy from his first line of works in front of Atlanta. The next morning, July 22, marched toward Atlanta. When within about three miles of the city it was found that the enemy from his first line of works in front of Atlanta. The next morning, July 22, marched toward Atlanta. When within about three miles of the city it was found that the enemy was confronting us. I was ordered by Colonel Moore, commanding brigade, to deploy my regiment as skirmishers on the right of the line of the First Brigade, and advance the line, which I did, but soon ran against the enemy in force, and a portion of my line suffered considerably, as will be shown by accompanying list. My regiment was relieved on the 23d, when we built a line of works, occupied them for some days, when we were relieved by a regiment of the First Brigade. On July 28 marched with the brigade to the extreme right as support to the Fifteenth Corps; built a line of works that night; was relieved on the morning of the 29th, and

