
marched back to the position we left in front of Atlanta. Staid in front of the city, building works and advancing the lines until August 15, when I was relieved by Colonel Josiah Given taking command. Respectfully,

JOSEPH FISHER,

Major Seventy-fourth Ohio Veteran Infantry.

Captain HICKS,

A. A. A. G., Third Brigadier, First Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 119.

Report of Colonel William Sirwell, Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 14-15 (Wheeler's raid).
HDQRS. SEVENTY-EIGHTH PENNSYLVANIA VOL. INFTY.,Chattanooga, August 20, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to orders [received] from your headquarters Sunday noon, August 14, 1864, I reported my entire command, then in camp (a portion of my command being on the railroad as train guard) at the Chattanooga depot, to Major-General Steedman, numbering 327 effective men. On reporting to General Steeedman, he directed me to take the advance train and report to Colonel Streight, informing me that the enemy was in strong force at Dalton, Ga., under the command of the rebel Major-General Wheeler. On reaching Chickamouga Station, on Chattanooga and Atlanta Railroad, I reported to Colonel Streight. He placed me in command of the Seventy-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Bonnaffon; One hundred and eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Good, and Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Espy (my command now numbered 627 effective men), with instructions to move forward on Dalton as speedily as possible. On arriving at Tunnel Hill I disembarked my troops from the cars, procured two guides, and marched across Tunnel Hill along the road, then taking the railroad marched along it perhaps three miles, having previously thrown out my skirmishers and an advance guard. Up to this point, it being in the famous Buzzard Roost, nothing o importance took place. Here I received an order from Colonel Streight to halt my command and place them in position to meet the enemy and guard against any surprise that he might attempt. It being 2 a. m. and so dark that it would be imprudent to go any farther until daylight, I at once placed my command in line of battle, throwing out a heavy skirmish line to protect my front and flanks, with outposts some distance in front of the skirmish line. At this time two pieces of artillery reported to me, which were put in position ready for action. The ground at this place is rough, being the entrance from the south to Buzzard Roost, know as the place where the rebels had a culvert on the railroad closed that dammed the water up for the purpose of preventing the ingress of our army in May last. My command at this time was sufficient to cover the entire entrance to the Roost and repulse any force the enemy might bring against us. At daylight, as near now as I can recollect, say 7 a. m., the enemy not having made his appearance, General Steedman gave orders to assemble the troops and move forward as rapidly

