
as possible. My command being assembled, placed in marching order, with two companies thrown forward as skirmishers, with an advance guard, the command marching along the road by the flank; on advancing about half a mile the advance guard raised the rebel vedettes, which had the appearance of being very strong. I at once sent forward the Seventy-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Infantry with instruction to deploy as skirmishers and press the enemy as hard as they could. The Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteers and One hundred and eighth Ohio Volunteers were placed in line of battle on the right-hand side of the road. At this time the Fourteenth U. S. Colored Troops were sent forward one company to act as skirmishers and protect their flanks. Due preparations being made, the troops commenced to move forward, meeting the enemy in strong force, which is said to be about 3,000, driving him three miles, through Dalton, where the entire command halted in a very heavy rain that fell. In this movement the troops in the fort at Dalton were relieved, the destruction of the railroad prevented, and the rebels severely punished. The casualties of my command are as follows: In Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, 5 privates wounded-3 severely and 2 slightly; One hundred and eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, 4 enlisted men wounded-3 severely and 1 slightly; Sixty-eight Indiana Volunteer Infantry, 1 private killed, 1 commissioned officer, supposed to be mortally, 3 men severely and 1 man slightly, wounded.

To the troops in my command, officers and enlisted men, I returned my thanks for their bravery and promptness in obeying my commands. I cannot particularize as all are equally deserving of praise. I attribute the success of this engagement in defeating and putting to rout the rebel General Wheeler to Major-General Steedman and Colonel Streight, commanding the expedition, and their staff officers for their gentlemanly manner, efficiency in communicating orders to myself and command.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM SIRWELL,

Colonel 78th Regiment Pennsylvania Vol. Infty., Commanding Brigadier

Major S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of the Etowah.

Numbers 120.

Report of Major Michael H. Locher, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 79TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA, VET. VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of the Seventy-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers from the commencement to the termination of the campaign ending with the capture of Atlanta, in accordance with orders received headquarters Third Brigade, September 5, 1864.

On the 9th day of May the regiment returned from a veteran furlough and reported to the brigade for duty before Buzzard Roost, and was immediately ordered into position in the second line of battle. After moving one mile to the right and rear, under a heavy fire of shell and canister, remained in line of battle until the

