
13th, when we moved with the brigade to Snake Creek Gap, threw out skirmishers and encamped for the night after a heavy day's march. 14th of May moved in line of battle, commenced skirmishing with the enemy, who opened with artillery and infantry. We threw up breast-works and remained in that position, supporting two batteries of artillery, and continued skirmishing with the enemy during the day. The enemy made several charges on our main line during the early part of the night and were handsomely repulsed, evacuating their position during the night. Skirmishers were thrown out, who found their works empty, with every indication that they had been badly handled. On the 16th we were ordered in pursuit to Resaca; arrived there at 12 m.; found the railroad bridge across the Oostenaula River still in flames. The regiment was ordered to report to Major-General Thomas, and was detailed to remain and bury the dead left uncovered upon the battle-field, and to gather in arms and ammunition abandoned. After attending to that part of the business, burying 228 rebels and collecting 1,500 stand of arms, received an order to guard reserve ammunition train of the Department of the Mississippi to Kingston, which was successfully accomplished, arriving there on the 22nd of May; then ordered to remain at Kingston for post duty.

On the 24th of May the enemy made a dash on a wagon train there miles from Kingston, when the regiment was ordered into line,and skirmishers thrown out to the front, who went forward. The balance of the regiment followed within supporting distance in rear of one section of artillery. The rebels, after destroying about 30 wagons, left hastily, when the regiment returned to their quarters in good order.

On the 8th day of June the regiment was ordered to rejoin the Third Brigade. Took up the line of march on the 9th and moved to Cartersville and encamped for the night. Resumed the march on the 10th; received an order to send a detachment to Kingston to guard medical stores. Companies G and B, under command of Captain William S. McCaskey, were ordered to conduct the train and return with it. The balance of the regiment proceeded to Allatoona Station and encamped for the night. On the 11th we joined the brigade and were immediately placed in position and moved to the front; formed a new line of battle; remained in position until the 18th, when we relieved the Thirty-eighth Indiana on the skirmish line; kept up a heavy skirmish all day in front of the enemy's works and under a heavy fire of artillery and infantry from their main works. Relieved on the 19th by a detachment of the Seventy-fourth Ohio. Enemy evacuate their works. On the 20th moved with he brigade into a new position in front of and to the right of Kenesaw Mountain, relieving a regiment of the Fourth Corps; threw out skirmishers. On the 22nd the Seventy-ninth Regiment relieved the Seventy-eight Pennsylvania, who were on the skirmish line; remained in that position until relieved by a regiment of Cruft's brigade, when we shifted position to the right one mile. On the 24th took up position and remained confronting the enemy until July 2, when our position was again shifted to the left for the purpose of forming a new line; worked all night, and at daylight found that the enemy had evacuated their works. Moved promptly on the 3rd in pursuit of the enemy, marching through Marietta, Ga.; halted for a short rest, and then moved forward four miles, where the heavy skirmishing gave evidence that we had again crossed their path. After a sharp fight of four hours they again fell back, and took up a new

