
position. On the 5th we again started in pursuit, overtook them, and formed line of battle, and commenced shelling their works, which were of the most formidable character. Remained in that position until the 7th, when the line was ordered to fall back of our works and go into camp. On the 9th the regiment was ordered to move forward and support the Twenty-first Ohio in making a charge, which they successfully made, driving the enemy into their main line of works. After remaining in position until dark, the regiment was ordered to return to camp, having accomplished all that was intended. On the 17th crossed the Chattahoochee River, formed line, and commenced to skirmish for three miles, carefully feeling our way and enveloping their new line of works, and then fortified strongly, 20th, crossed Peach Tree Creek, and took a position on the right of the Twentieth Corps, the enemy making a heavy assault on our left, but were repulsed with great loss. Remained in position until 3 p. m. of the 21st, when the regiment was ordered to support the skirmish line, it being the intention to develop the position of the enemy. The skirmishers charged, supported gallantly, and driving the enemy into the main line of works, under a heavy fire of artillery and infantry. 28th, moved with the brigade to re-enforce the extreme right of the Army of the Tennessee, a distance of five miles, and fortified, remaining until the morning of the 29th, when ordered to take up the old ground. August 4, again ordered to the right to rejoin the division. Moved into position and ordered to countermarch, taking up the original position until the 24th, when they again shifted to the right. Afternoon of the 25th ordered to move at 8 p. m. without any unnecessary noise, as the whole line was to be abandoned. Moved at the appointed hour four miles to the right and rear. 26th, moved at 3 p. m. to the right some five miles, 27th,moved half mile to the right and remained there until morning of the 28th. Took up line of march at 6 a. m. Moved to the right and fortified, our right resting on the La Grange and Atlanta Railroad; encamped for the night. 29th, ordered to move and destroy the railroad, which was done effectually. 30th, started in direction of the Atlanta and Macon Railroad. Marched ten miles and halted for rest; then continued the march toward Jonesborough, encamping five miles from that point. 31st, ordered to move to the front line, when orders were again received and we countermarched, taking up our original position, with orders to move at daylight.

September 1, moved to the front; heavy firing going on along the line. After making a forced march of vie miles, the Seventy-ninth was ordered forward as skirmishers, which was countermanded. Ordered to take position in line, the brigade having been ordered to reconnoiter. Moved in line of battle, when the enemy opened briskly with artillery and musketry. Seventy-ninth was ordered to support the Seventy-fourth Ohio in a charge, which they did, driving the enemy and forcing them to abandon their artillery after a short fight. After a brief rest was formed in line of battle, the Seventy-ninth on the extreme left of the brigade, in position to the right flank of the enemy, our left resting on the Macon railroad. Position of the enemy was soon developed, when the enemy opened with artillery and musketry, they having a double line of works. The regiment was ordered to relieve the First Wisconsin, they having expended their sixty rounds of ammunition. The regiment moved forward in line of battle in fine style. After remaining

