
in position were relieved by the Sixty-ninth Ohio, with orders to advance, supported by the Seventy-ninth Regiment, which was accomplished under a very heavy fire, crossing the railroad and remaining there until relieved by a brigade of the Fourth Corps. After dusk ordered to fall back, and took up a position in the rear and remained there for the night.

September 2, ordered to move at 4 a. m. forward and fortify. After moving out was discovered that the enemy had gone, leaving us in possession of the field. After burying the dead and gathering in the wounded of both armies, we moved to Jonesborough, took up position in the works evacuated by the enemy the night before, and then learned with pleasure of the evacuation of the point aimed at-Atlanta.

Captain John S. McBride, who assisted in the command of the regiment, and upon whom for a short time devolved the entire command, has proven himself an able officer, and deserves and receives the thanks of the commanding officer. Assistant Surgeon White, an accomplished surgeon, was constantly at his post, in close proximity to danger, relieving the suffering, and promptly paying that attention to the wounded so necessary in such a campaign, is entitled to my thanks and that of the entire command.

The officers and privates have again proven their valor, and have shown that the "old flag" is still the only fitting emblem of our nationality, the one, and only one, to which they will dedicate their lives and their honor, and will continue to fight for until this rebellion is subdued and universal liberty be again proclaimed.

The casualties of the regiment from the 9th of May, 1864, until the 1st of September, inclusive, are as follows: Killed on the field, 6; since died from wounds received, 12; commissioned officers wounded, 2; enlisted men wounded, 72; total casualties, 92.

M. H. LOCHER,

Major, Commanding Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Vols.

Captain HICKS,

Actg. Asst. adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 121.

Report of Colonel Henry A. Hambright, Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations May 24.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Kingston, Ga., May 24, 1864.

GENERAL: This morning a train was attacked near Cassville, and some 20 wagons burned, and about the same number driven off. The attacking forces were Wheeler's, and commanded by him. Twenty men killed and wounded are reported. Colonel S. A. Strickland, Fiftieth Ohio Infantry, gives me the information. He was engaged in driving them off. Two regiments from this post were ordered to the support, but were not engaged. I have sent dispatches to Colonel W. W. Lowe, commanding at Adairsville. The enemy having moved to the right, I suppose their object is to destroy or cut the road. Colonel A. W. Holeman, Eleven Kentucky Cavalry, and Lieutenant Colonel S. Adams, First Kentucky Cavalry, also engaged, give the same facts and agree that Wheeler has a force of 5,000 to 7,000. All precaution has been taken at this post, and with the force now here can defend the post. Arrangements are making to

