
ship to Resaca the ammunition now here, and wish for instructions as to amount of stores to be retained. Can a part of the forces that arrived to-day remain at this post?

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

H. A. HAMBRIGHT,

Colonel Seventy-ninth Pennsylvania, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Cumberland.

Numbers 122.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George B. Bingham, First Wisconsin Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of this regiment during the past campaign:

On the 7th day of May the regiment moved from Ringgold, Ga., arriving in front of Buzzard Roost on the 8th, where it participated with the Fourteenth Army Corps in the action at that position, and moved with the corps on the 12th instant to Snake Creek Gap. On the 13th of May advanced to position with brigade near Resaca, where we participated, doing our full portion of skirmish duty, constructing works, occupying front line, &amp;c., until the enemy evacuated, when we moved with the command in pursuit, occupying alternately the front and rear lines, participating in the fight on the left of our lines on the 27th instant, remaining and holding the front line and performing the entire skirmish duty in our front while in this position until the abandonment of the line by the enemy;thence following their retreat, participating in all the different charges made there by the First Division, and sharing alike with the brigade in all the maneuvers for position in front of Kenesaw Mountain. During the temporary delay of the army at the Chattahoochee River the regiment performed their allotted share of picket duty and constructing works, and on July 9 moved to support the skirmish line in the advance to the Chattahoochee River. On July 17 moved with the balance of the command, crossed Chattahoochee River, and held a position on the skirmish [line] in the advance of the 22d, taking position in the front line of works two miles from Atlanta, where we remained until the 28th, when moved to extreme right of the army, returning next day and going in position on the right of the Twentieth Corps, where we remained until August 25, when moved with the pioneer duty, but rejoined the brigade in time to participate in the action of September 1, near Jonesborough, Ga., having in this action driven the enemy from their advanced works and held them until the arrival of the brigade. During the campaign the casualties have been as follows: Killed, 10; wounded, 85.

Very respectfully,

G. B. BINGHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant H. O. MONTAGUE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

