
Numbers 123.
Reports of Bvt. Major General Jefferson C. Davis, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations May 1-August 22.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September-, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this division during the campaign of the united armies, under the command of Major-General Sherman, against the enemy's forces in Georgia, from the 1st day of May to the 23rd day of August, at which time I assumed command of the Fourteenth Army Corps:

After the return of this division from the campaign in East Tennessee in December, 1863, it went into camp at McAfee's Church, near Rossville, Ga. Comfortable quarters were soon built by the troops, and the remainder of the winter was well occupied in drilling, outfitting, and preparing the command for active operations in the spring. Several expeditions and reconnaissance were made by the division or parts of it during the winter and spring, special reports of which have already been made.

On the 1st of May, at which time orders were received for the commencement of active operations, the division consisted of three brigades and two field batteries, organized and commenced as follows, viz: First Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General J. D. Morgan, consisting of the Tenth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel John Tilson; Sixteenth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Robert F. Smith; Sixtieth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel William B. Anderson; Tenth Michigan Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Henry R. Mizner. Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel J. G. Mitchell, consisting of the Thirty-fourth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel Oscar Van Tassell; Seventy-eighth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Carter Van Vleck; Ninety-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel John S. Pearce; One hundred and eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, [Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Good]; One hundred and twenty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel H. B. Banning; Third Ohio Volunteer Infantry [Captain L. S. ell]. Third Brigade, commanded by Colonel Daniel McCook, consisting of the Twenty-second Indiana Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel William M. Wiles; Eighty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel C. J. Dilworth; One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Colonel O. F. Harmon; Eighty-sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel A. L. Fahnestock; Fifty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Clancy; One hundred and tenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant Colonel E. H. Topping. Artillery, commanded by Captain C. M. Barnett; Fifth Wisconsin Battery, commanded by Captain George Q. Gardner (veteran); Battery I, Second Illinois Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Coe (veteran). The Tenth Michigan and Fourteenth Michigan Fourteenth Michigan Regiments at the commencement of the campaign were on veteran furlough, and rejoined the division respectively at Resaca and near Acworth. The Third Ohio Regiment had been detailed by department commander for permanent garrison duty at Chattanooga, Tenn., where it served until the expiration of its term of enlistment. The One hundred and tenth Illinois Regiment was stationed at Nashville, Tenn., for

40 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

