
the purpose of bringing forward transportation when obtained. Transportation overtook the division on the 26th of May. The regiment for some time after was kept with the train as guard, &amp;c. It reported to its brigade for duty on the 20th day of July.

On the morning of the 2nd of May, in compliance with orders, Morgan's and Mitchell's brigades and the batteries marched to Ringgold, Va., and went into camp on the East Chickamauga Creek. On the morning of the 3rd McCook's brigade marched from Lee and Gordon's Mills, and joined the division at Ringgold. On the morning of the 5th the division passed through the gap at Ringgold, and went into bivouac near the stone church, at the forks of the Dalton and Cleveland roads. The enemy's pickets were encountered by Morgan's skirmishers in small force. On the morning of the 7th the advance of the army was assigned to my division, and at daylight McCook's brigade, followed by the rest of my command, moved on the direct road to Tunnel Hill. The enemy's cavalry was soon encountered and some sharp skirmish kept up until the head of the column reached Smith's house, within cannon range of the enemy's position at Tunnel Hill. At this point the enemy opened his artillery, but being familiar with the ground, I soon made disposition f my troops and placed a few guns in position, and ordered them to return the fire, which was promptly executed. In accordance with the general plan for the advance upon that place, Major-General Howard's corps moved from Cherokee Springs, from the direction of Cleveland, and formed a junction with my command at this point. General Howard sent a force to operate on the north end of Tunnel Hill, while a strong line of skirmishers from McCook's brigade, gallantly commanded by Major Holmes, Fifty-second Ohio Infantry, attacked the enemy's position below the town near where the road leading to Dalton crosses the hill. These movements, assisted by the action of the batteries, caused the enemy to withdraw from his position and retreat toward Buzzard Roost. In compliance with orders, I moved my entire division beyond the town and took position on the right of the Dalton road, and sent a regiment from Morgan's brigade to take possession of a high round hill immediately in my front, known to us as Signal Hill. This duty was well performed by the Tenth Illinois Regiment, commanded by Colonel Tillson. McCook's brigade had the advance during the day, and most of the fighting required to be done in driving in the enemy's pickets and skirmishers was gallantly performed by his troops, superintended by himself. The division remained in this position until the forenoon of the 9th, when an advance into the gap of Buzzard Roost was determined upon. Mitchell's brigade was ordered to advance along the left of the road and drive in the enemy's pickets, occupying a little group of round-shaped hills in front of the enemy's works, which obstructed the gap. This duty was performed by a line of skirmishers, supported by his whole brigade. The ground thus gained was held, and my entire division took position in the gap.

During the succeeding three days my troops were kept more or less under fire. The enemy, after persistent and sometimes heavy skirmishing, was driven into his works in the gorge and upon the top of Rocky Face. The operations of these three days were mostly executed and the fighting done by General Morgan's brigade. Much of the fighting consisted in heavy skirmishing, and on several occasions, when attempts were made to feel of the enemy's works, it became almost a general engagement in severity. Captain Barnett,

