
my chief of artillery, with much difficulty succeeded in getting a part of his artillery in position, and operated very successfully with it against the enemy's batteries and works. The privations and hardships my troops were compelled to undergo during these few days' operations, and their constant exposure to the fire of the enemy's artillery, as well as his skirmish line and sharpshooters, and the consequent heavy loss in killed and wounded, gave the highest proof of their discipline and courage, and the zeal with which they were entering upon the long and arduous campaign before them. On the 12th my command was relieved from its position in the gap by troops from the Fourth Corps, and, following the other divisions of the corps, marched at sunrise for Snake Creek Gap, which place it reached at dark. During the night it passed through the gap and bivouacked early on the 13th near the field-works thrown up by General McPherson's command in the vicinity of Resaca. In compliance with instructions, after a few hours rest, the division took a position in line on the left of the corps in the general advance upon the enemy's position near Resaca. During the night of the 13th the division occupied a position a little in reserve of the left of the corps and connected pickets with Major-General Schofield's right. On the 14th, conforming to the movement of troops on the right one position to another until the enemy's main lines were reached. The troops on several parts of our lines had become warmly engaged with the enemy during the forenoon, and his main line of battle in front of our right was well developed. In the afternoon, in compliance with orders, I sent Mitchell's brigade to the support of a part of our lines, composed of Brigadier-General Turchin's brigade, of the Fourteenth Corps, which were reported as being hard pressed by the enemy. This brigade moved promptly and gallantly into position. Relieving these troops, they entered immediately into the fight. The conduct of this brigade was highly creditable to both officers and men. Colonel Mitchell's conduct was conspicuous on this occasion for personal gallantry. My batteries were exceedingly well posted on a high ridge overlooking the enemy's works and were well manned all day. Their conduct was very conspicuous on this occasion. The effect of their projectiles was unusually severe upon the enemy's lines, driving him several times from his rifle-pits. During the night, in obedience to orders, I moved the entire division, except the batteries, to the right, and relieved the division of General Butterfield, on the Twentieth Corps, and the brigade of General Carlin, of the Fourteenth Corps, from their position in the front line. The troops worked assiduously all night, strengthening and completing the works previously commanded by General Butterfield's troops. The 15th my skirmish line was sharply engaged all day, but no general movement of my troops was made.

Early on the morning of the 16th instant it was ascertained that the enemy had abandoned his position and was crossing the river. I received orders to march with as little delay as possible with my command down the west bank of the Oostenaula River to the mouth of the Armuchee Creek, with a view to co-operating with the cavalry forces in that vicinity. It was supposed that a brigade existed across the river at this point, over which the forces operating on this flank of the army could cross and cut the railroad between Kingston and Rome, and rejoin the main column in its pursuit of the retreating enemy. The division made a rapid march of

