
destroying the bridge behind him. Dilworth advanced his skirmishers down the Oostenaula, driving in those of the enemy, until his line reached the city and extended to the Etowah, thus covering the railroad and all approaches to the city between the forks of the two rivers. This enabled us to reach the crossings over the Oostenaula, and secure what yet remained undestroyed of the bridges. The main bridges were entirely destroyed, but the pontoons were secured and repaired, and a bridge made in a few hours sufficient to cross the whole of McCook's brigade. On taking possession of the city considerable public stores were found, notwithstanding the efforts of the enemy to destroy and remove them. These stores consisted to the troops of my command, except one large train of cars, loaded mostly with salt, and sent to Kingston. A large amount of private property was found in the city, abandoned by the owners. This consisted mostly of cotton. All such stores were placed under guard, and in this condition were turned over to my successor, Colonel Bane, commanding brigade, of Sixteenth Corps, Army of the Tennessee. Three field pieces, five 32-pounder garrison guns, and two 8-inch howitzers were abandoned, and fell into our hands. The large iron-works and machine-shops of Noble &amp; Co., upon which the enemy relied for a large part of his ordnance supplies and repairs, were captured in good condition. It was the intention of the enemy to destroy these shops and stores, but so sudden was the attack o Dilworth's skirmishers that he precipitately fled, and they fell into our possession. The city was occupied by McCook's brigade until the advance was resumed. Morgan's and Mitchell's brigades went into camp on the west bank of the Oostenaula, occupying the works. The enemy's pickets continued to hold the south bank of the Coosa for several days, and kept up at intervals a vicious skirmish firing into the city, killing and wounding soldiers and citizens indiscriminately, until the 22d, when in compliance with instructions, Morgan crossed a part of his brigade in pontoon boats, which had been sent me from the main column by order of Major-General Thomas, and took possession of the opposite bank of the river. The pontoon bridge was soon laid, and the whole of Morgan's brigade moved across and occupied the works, driving the enemy from that entire front. On the 23rd Mitchell's brigade and the batteries moved across the two rivers and bivouacked, preparatory to commencing the advance the next morning. The 24th the entire division moved from Rome to Euharlee Creek, where it struck General McPherson's column, and went into camp. The following morning it resumed the march to Van Wert, where it again came in contact with General McPherson's command and the Fourteenth Army Corps, could be found. I determined to move upon it. The road proved passable, and by a raid march I was enabled to encamp my whole command at night within three miles of Dallas and in close support of the main column. On reporting the arrival of my command, on the morning of the 26th, I received orders from General Thomas to make a reconnaissance in the direction of Dallas, with a view of finding out the enemy's position on that flank and to open, if possible, communication with General McPherson's command. Taking the Burnt Hickory road and passing over Bishop's Bridge, across Pumpkin Vine Creek, two miles from Dallas, the advance of Morgan's brigade drove in the enemy's pickets and

