
with great personal gallantry held his command to the fierce contest now being fought so near the works that a number of both officers and men were killed and wounded at the trenches. Mitchell's brigade, moving in column parallel with McCook's, received and returned the fire with the same impetuosity and invincible determination, but failed, from the same cause, to carry the works. The position of the troops at the juncture was one of extreme solicitude, and presented a problem of some difficulty of solution. To retire, and thus receive the full effect of the enemy's unrestrained fire, now considerably diminished in severity by the effect of our own, was sure to incur an additional loss. A renewal of the assault in the present exhausted condition of the troops was exceedingly hazardous. Under the circumstances, after a thorough examination of the ground and the enemy's works, I reported to Major-General Thomas, and recommended that the position be held and the troops intrenched where they were. This he ordered to be done, and intrenching implements were immediately furnished the troops, and both brigades threw up works a few yards from and nearly parallel to those of the enemy. This was done under fire so severe that at times it might also be termed a general engagement. Works thrown up under such circumstances were of necessity of rude character, but sufficed to protect the men until night, during which the whole command intrenched itself in excellent works. During the succeeding six days the position was held, the troops sleeping on their arms at night. Details were kept engaged in throwing up new works where-ever an advanced line could be established, until the morning of the 3rd of July, when it was discovered that the enemy had abandoned the position. The assault failed in its immediate object, but the courage and discipline exhibited by the troops in the attack, the determined manner in which they clung to the works afterward, and the noble physical endurance displayed by them during the six days and nights, have never been exceeded in modern soldiery.

Colonel Daniel McCook, long the admired and gallant commander of his brigade, fell with a severe wound, of which he subsequently died at his home in Ohio. Colonel Harmon, of the One hundred and Twenty-fifth Illinois, succeeded him in command, but fell immediately afterward. He was a brave and skillful officer. The loss of these two noble leaders was at the time a great misfortune to the troops, and will ever be to the army and country a great loss. In the list of killed are the names of Lieutenant Colonel James M. Shane, Ninety-eighth Ohio Infantry; Major John Yager, One hundred and Twenty-first Ohio Infantry; Captain M. B. Clason, One hundred and Twenty-first Ohio Infantry; Captain W. W. Fellows, One hundred and Twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry, acting brigade inspector; Captain Charles H. Chatfield, Eighty-fifth Illinois Infantry; Lieutenant Patrick, One hundred and Twenty-first Ohio Infantry, and Captain Bowersock, One hundred and Thirteenth Ohio Infantry, whom I think it my duty to mention in this report. in the list of wounded are Lieutenant Colonel D. B. Warner, One hundred and Thirteenth Ohio Infantry; Captain Henry O. Mansfield, Fifty-second Ohio Infantry; Captain Durant, One hundred and Thirteenth Ohio Infantry; Adjt. C. N. Andrus, Eighty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry; Lieutenant Samuel T. Rogers, Eighty-sixth Illinois Infantry; Captain Vanantwerp, Eighty-sixth Illinois Infantry; Captain Howden, Seventy-eighth Illinois Infantry; Lieutenants Lippincott, Bentley, Baxter, Watson, and Dungan, of the One hundred and Thirteenth Ohio Infantry; and Lieutenants Thoms and Lindsey, of the Ninety-

