
eight Ohio Infantry. These gallant officers fell in lading their men to the enemy's works, some of them at the ditches.

On the morning of the 3rd of July the division moved in pursuit of the enemy, again in retreat. passing through Marietta and following the Twentieth Corps, went into bivouac at Nickajack Creek, in sight of the enemy's works at that place. July 4, opened with both batteries and pushed a heavy line of skirmishers across the creek and swamp. In the afternoon Morgan's whole brigade was crossed and skirmished heavily with the enemy, and succeeded in driving him into his main works. This brigade bivouacked during the night close to the abatis of the enemy's works. At daylight on the morning of the 5th Major Burnett, of the Tenth Michigan Infantry, commanding the skirmish line, reported through General Morgan, that the enemy had retreated, and the pursuit was resumed. Passing through the enemy's works, the rear guard of the enemy was pressed by the Thirty-fourth Illinois Regiment to within a few hundred yards of his works on the Chattahoochee River. Here his skirmishers made a determined stand, and the Fourteenth Michigan, the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, and the Ninety-eighth Ohio Regiment were deployed, and after a severe skirmish drove the enemy from his rifle-pits into his main works, from which, after occasional skirmishing and considerable artillery fighting, he withdrew on the 9th of July. The enemy's works thus vacated were immediately occupied by a brigade and battery of my troops, until the general crossing of the river and advance upon Atlanta was resumed. The short respite of a few days here given to the troops was well spent in a general burnishing up of guns and accounterments, and outfitting of the men with clothing. On the morning of the 17th Morgan's and Mitchell's brigades and the batteries moved to the river at Pace's Ferry at daylight. After some delay on account of the pontoons not being laid, the command commenced to cross, and Morgan being in the advance found the enemy about one mile from the ferry, and after a sharp skirmish fight, in which a part of General Johnson's skirmishers took part, with his cavalry dismounted, drove them to and across Nancy's Creek. The troops here bivouacked for the night I was able to report my troops in camp on Peach Tree Creek, a short distance below Howell's Mill, picketing the bank from my front to its mouth. On the 19th, in compliance with verbal instructions from Major-General Thomas, I ordered Dilworth to move his brigade to the mouth of Green Bone Creek in search of a crossing said to exist there. A point over which troops could be passed was found; it was also found strongly picketed by the enemy. Dilworth was ordered to drive these away, and to effect a lodgment of his troops on the opposite bank, if possible. This, after a severe skirmish, as accomplished in the afternoon. The remainder of his brigade was ordered across but had hardly formed on the opposite bank when a brigade of the enemy sailed out from their works to the support of their skirmishers, then driven back. Dilworth immediately pushed his lines forward in order to meet his foe on an advantageous ridge which lay in his front. The two forces here met in about equal numbers and at once brought on an engagement.

