
The fighting was very sharp on both sides, but soon resulted in a signal repulse of the enemy. The loss was heavy on both sides, considering the numbers engaged and the short time the fight lasted. This day's work was exceedingly creditable to both Colonel Dilworth and command. Mitchell's brigade was ordered to the support of Dilworth. It moved with great promptness, and succeeded in crossing in time to assist in the closing of this gallant little fight and repulse of the enemy. Baird's division crossed and took position on my left during the night. Morgan's brigade, with Banning's regiment, the One hundred and twenty-first Ohio, of Mitchell's brigade, and the batteries were held as reserved forces on the north bank of the creek. Heavy details were required from these to picket the creek to its mouth, and some severe fighting was done at different points, when attempts were made by us to cross the stream. On the 20th I changed the position of my batteries. Gardner crossed the creek and was placed in the main line of Dilworth's works, and after a few rounds of excellent firing, drove the enemy from his rifle-pits in front. The rest of my troops remained in nearly the same position, and skirmished sharply all day. On the morning of the 21st it was reported that the enemy had fallen back, and I ordered a reconnaissance to be made. General Baird did the same in his front, but it was soon discovered that he had only withdrawn his picket-line closer to his main works. The enemy retreated during the night. On the morning of the 22d, keeping to the right of Baird's division, I moved my whole command to the west side of the Marietta road, and took position on the Turner's Ferry road, connecting with General Baird's right. This position was a strong one, and, being for the time the extreme right of the whole army, I ordered it to be well fortified. My batteries bore upon the city from these works with great ease. My command remained in this position without change until the 28th, when I received orders to make movement in the direction of Turner's Ferry and East Point, and from thence toward Howard's right. At this time my health, which had been good for some days, required me to turn over the active and immediate command of the troops to General Morgan. The movement was promptly commenced by General Morgan, but before being completed, the enemy attacked General Howard's command on the right in heavy force, and, in compliance with instructions from Major-General Sherman, I sent a staff officer to order Morgan to Howard's support. Morgan, who, when the messenger reached him, was several miles off, turned his column at once in the direction of the fighting. Every effort was made by General Morgan to reach the position, but he was unable to do so until the enemy had been repulsed. The troops went into bivouac long after night, much fatigued from the long merchant excessive heat. on the 29th the division took position on the right of the Army of the Tennessee, and intrenched itself, where it remain with little change until the 4th, when, in accordance with orders, it moved across Utoy Creek and took position on the right and rear of Baird's division. This was accomplished after some heavy skirmishing, in which the enemy's artillery took part. On the 5th the division took ground to the right and front, the left brigade connecting with Baird's right flank, where it remained much exposed to the enemy's shell until the 7th, when, in compliance with instructions, it moved forward; wheeling on the left, formed a new line close to the enemy's works. In the execution of this movement there was some fighting, and a number of prisoners

