
were taken. On the 8th four regiments from the First and Second Brigades were sent to the right of the Twenty-third Corps, which was making some demonstrations against the enemy, and acted as a reserve to that command during the day; at night they returned to camp. On the morning of the 20th, in compliance with instructions rom corps headquarters, I ordered General Morgan to make, with his own and Dilworth's brigades, a reconnaissance in the direction of Red Oak, and, if possible, to reach the railroad at that point. Two brigades of Baird's division and one from Carlin's reported to me on the Campbellton road, to be used, if necessary, in support of this movement. General Morgan pushed the reconnaissance with vigor, and reached the railroad, as desired. After destroying a small portion of the tract, and reporting to me his success, I ordered the troops to return to their respective camps. During the 21st and 22nd the location of the troops remained without change. On the 22nd I turned over the command of the division to Brigadier-General Morgan, and, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 241, War Department, dated August 9, 1864, assumed command of the Fourteenth Army Corps, relieving Brigadier General R. W. Johnson.

This ends my connection with the division as its immediate commander, but before closing this report, and taking leave of the troops, with whom I have so long been associated amid the scenes duty, as it is my greatest pleasure, to record a few words expressive of my high appreciation of the zeal, endurance and courage exhibited by them throughout this long and bloody campaign-a campaign which required the highest skill in commanders to meet the varying exigencies and demanded from the ranks sacrifices which none but the soldiers of a brave and intelligent people struggling casualties will show how nobly the troops met the stern demands of the battle-field; but the patriotic zeal and devotion displayed by them in meeting the no less stern requirements of the bivouac, the march, and the trenches their immediate commanders and companions in arms can only know and record. These will long by remembered by all, and a grateful country will appreciate and reward such heroism and devotion in her cause.

Among those officers whose rank and position brought them more immediately under my observation during the campaign, of whom I desire to make special mention, are Brigadier General James D. Morgan, commanding First Brigade, and next to me in rank in the division. To him I am under many obligations for his active and efficient co-operation at all times and under all circumstances. He has, in my judgment, earned promotion, and I earnestly recommend him to the consideration of the Government for it. Colonel John G. Mitchell, commanding the Second Brigade of the division, has been recommended by me for promotion to the rank of brigadier-general in special recommendation for faithful services as brigade commander and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign. Colonel C. J. Dilworth, of the Eighty-sixth Illinois Regiment, has commanded the Third Brigade since the assault on the enemy's works on the 27th of June; his efficiency as a commander and personal gallantry on that as well as other and more recent occasions has made it my duty to recommend him for promotion. The following regimental commanders are recommended for the appointment of brevet-brigadier-generals for their abilities as commanders and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign: Colonel H. B. Banning, One hundred

