
and twenty-first Ohio Regiment, and Colonel William B. Anderson, Sixtieth Illinois Regiment. There are a number of other regimental commanders, whose rank is less than that of colonel, ho have richly earned another grade. I hope their regiments will soon be filled by the necessary recruits, and they commissioned accordingly by the Governors of their respective States. Where so many subordinate officers have distinguished themselves it is impossible to discriminate.

The artillery attached to this division consisted of Battery I, Second Illinois Artillery, and the Fifth Wisconsin Battery. The efficiency, discipline, and good conduct on the march and in battle of both officers and men was in the highest degree commendable. Captain Charles M. Barnett, chief of artillery, proved himself a skillful and energetic officer by his excellent management of his batteries throughout the campaign. Captain Gardner and Lieutenant Coe, battery commanders, performed their duties ably and efficiently. Their batteries are among the best in the service.

To my staff-consisting of Captain T. W. Morrison, assistant adjutant-general; Major John H. Phillips, medical director; Thomas H. Daily, captain and aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Thomas J. Carney, aide-de-camp; Captain James L. Orr, commissary of subsistence; Captain J. E. Remington, assistant quartermaster; Captain Leonidas A. Cole, commissary of musters; Captain Charles M. Barnett, chief of artillery; Captain Hamilton W. Hall, inspector; Captain John F. Squier, provost-marshal; Lieutenant John Paul Kuntze, topographical engineer; Lieutenant George Scroggs, ordnance officer-I am again under obligations for their zealous assistance throughout the campaign. Their duties were often exceedingly arduous, and were always performed by them with skill and alacrity, whether on the field of battle or elsewhere. No list of casualties accompanies this report. This will be found in General Morgan's report, which closes with the termination of the campaign.

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

Captain A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant adjutant-General, Fourteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, June 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: The following is a corrected report of the casualties in this division as given by the brigade commanders in yesterday's operations:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

First	 2	 11	 ...........	 13

Brigade..

Second	 44	 350	 20	 414

Brigade..

Third	 85	 264	 48	 397

Brigade..

Total..	 131	 625	 68	 824

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEF. C. DAVIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourteenth Army Corps.

