
Numbers 124.

Reports of Brigadier General James D. Morgan, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of operations August 23-September 8.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,White Hall, Ga., September 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from corps headquarters, I have the honor to herewith transmit report of the part taken by my command from the date (August 23) I assumed command of this division up to the evacuation of Atlanta, September 1:

August 23, my division was occupying from line on the right of the Fourteenth Army Corps well thinned out, having a few days previous relieved General Cox's division, Twenty-third Army Corps, on my right. My division was, therefore, covering the front of two divisions. August 24 and 25, no change of position. August 26, in obedience to orders from corps headquarters, the division ready to move at 5 p. m. Just before daylight on the 27th, following General Baird's division, left the works and moved to the rear and right, in the center, Third Brigade on the left. The picket-line of each brigade was ordered to fall back to the main line, respectively,f rom left to right, and dover the movements o their respective commands. The whole movement was successfully executed without loss. Crossing Utoy Creek, took up position on the left of General Baird. At 10.30 p. m. received orders to move at 4 a. m. August 28, division on the right of the corps, moved promptly at daylight, on the Campbellton road, to Mount Gilead Church; reported in person, by order, to Major-General Thomas. In accordance with orders here received, moved to the rear of Fourth Army Corps to Redwine's, this point being the right flank of the Army. The enemy's pickets held the ridge on the south side of Camp Creek, and were briskly firing on the pickets of the Fourth Corps. Colonel Mitchell was directed to deploy a regiment from his command, and support it with his brigade. The One hundred and twenty-first Ohio, Colonel Banning commanding, very handsomely drove the enemy over the ridge, and after constructing a bridge over Camp Creek, the whole division moved steadily forward on the road to Mim's, to a point on West Point railroad one-half mile east of Red oak, meeting with little or no resistance. Crossing the railroad, the Second and Third Brigades (the First, Colonel Lum commanding, having been detailed to guard supply train) took up a position facing east, their right about a mile and a half south of the railroad. August 29, First Brigade reported and was placed in position on the right refused, facing south. One regiment from Second Brigade was ordered forward and directed to protect right flank of First Division, destroying railroad. One regiment, the Tenth Michigan Infantry, Major Burnett commanding, was ordered on a reconnaissance toward Shoal Creek Church, and cut out a road in a southeast direction; when within three-fourths of a mile of the church, a strong cavalry force was encountered, which was steadily pushed back to Shoal Creek Church. Here Major Burnett, with his usual promptness, discovered that he was confronted by over a brigade of cavalry, and that they were endeavoring to turn his right flank, and get in his rear. Moving quickly to his left to the-rod, he retired to camp without the loss of a man, capturing 17 head of horses and mules, and taking 1 prisoner. August 30, in accordance with orders from corps headquarters, the division moved promptly at 6

