
worth) on the right, column of regiments in echelon; the Second Brigade (Colonel Mitchell) on the left, in two lines. General Carlin having moved his command to his left, opened a large gap between his right and my left. The First Brigade (Colonel Lum) was ordered to move immediately from its reserved position to the left and front. This brigade was formed upon the left of Colonel Mitchell in two lines. Having very bad ground to move over was hardly in position before the advance of the whole lines was ordered forward. Silently and steadily the line moved up the ridge, and disappeared in the woods, under cover of which the rebels had constructed their works, and in a few moments a short was heard that told of victory and success, which was soon made certain by hundred and of rebels coming from the woods and seeking safety by retreating to the rear. The charge was gallantly and successfully made, and the result commensurate-2 4-gun batteries taken (1 by the First and 1 by the Second Brigade), 394 prisoners (1 brigadier-general and 24 commissioned officers), over 1,000 stand small-arms, and 6 battle-flags. Never was a command better entitled to the thanks of its officer and the nation. Men who can steadily move upon strong works, covered with acknowledged fighting men (infantry and artillery), and carry them are truly soldiers. I am under obligations to brigade commanders for the manner their commands were moved upon the enemy's lines and the tenacity with which they were held and pursuit made until darkness ended the conflict. My right was heavily pressed for two or three hours, but finally succeeded in clearing its front. My picket line was soon established, and by daylight had advanced to Jonesborough. My loss was heavy in officers and men; over 500 killed and wounded. Colonel Grower, Seventeenth New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry, fell at the head of his regiment mortally wounded (since died), a brave and accomplished officer. Major Burnett, commanding Tenth Michigan Infantry, was killed in leading that gallant regiment over the main works. This officer has greatly distinguished himself during the campaign. Always prompt, active, and energetic, his loss will be severely felt and his place difficult to fill. Colonel Dilworth, commanding Third Brigade, was severely wounded at the head of his brigade. This is a gallant and energetic officer. Many other brave and worthy officers fell, to which I refer to casualty reports of regiments. Thus has this remarkable campaign been successfully closed.

For four long months, marching, fighting, and intrenching, the enemy has been driven, mile by mile, back over 140 miles. A large part of the time the men have been under fire night and day, eating, drinking, or sleeping. Shot, shell, and rifle-ball have been plunging through camp and bivouac, but steady persevering valor and determination will ever win,and the day is ours. When all do well it is difficult to discriminate; many individual cases of personal gallantry have no doubt occurred that will be mentioned in regimental and brigade reports. Since I have been in command of the division I have been ably assisted by Colonel Mitchell and Colonel Dilworth, commanding Second and Third Brigades; they are both able, prompt, and energetic officers, and have earned promotion; I cheerfully recommend it. Colonel Anderson, Sixtieth Illinois Infantry, has been constantly on duty with his regiment, at most faithful and competent officer; he could fill with credit to himself and country a higher position; I recommend him.

To my own personal staff I am under obligations for promptness and constant attention to duty. Captain Wiseman, my assistant

