
of Colonel Este's command, that had carried the enemy's works previous to my second line coming to their relief, were held as prisoners, as will appear from brigade and regimental reports, to which I respectfully call attention. All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Captain A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 125.

Reports of Brigadier General James D. Morgan, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations May 1-August 23.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from corps headquarters, I have the honor to herewith transmit reports of the part taken by my command from the commencement of the present campaign up to 23rd of August, when, by order of the department commander, I assumed command of Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

In obedience to orders received from division headquarters early on the morning of the 2nd of May, broke up my winter camp at McAfee's Church, near Rossville, Ga., and at 6 a. m. moved out with my command consisting of the Tenth, Sixteenth, and Sixtieth Illinois Infantry (the Tenth and Fourteenth Michigan Infantry not having yet returned from veteran furlough), on the Ringgold Chickamauga Creek, remaining there during the 3rd and 4th. May 5, command moved at sunrise, passing through Ringgold and Taylor's Gap. The Sixtieth Illinois Infantry was deployed near Stone Church; drove in rebel pickets and established picket-line, remaining in this position during the 6th. May 7, brigade moved at 5 a. m. toward Tunnel Hill; Tenth Illinois Infantry deployed as skirmishers, which gained possession of a high, rugged hill, overlooking Rocky Face; bivouacked for the night and remained in same position during the 8th. May 9, at 5 a. m. brigade moved out and took up a position in front of Rocky Face on the right of General Howard's command; Sixtieth Illinois Infantry deployed as skirmishers, and drove the rebel pickets to the top of the ridge. During the day my command was moved to the right, my right resting on the railroad. Three companies each from Tenth and Sixteenth Illinois Infantry deployed as skirmishers and a strong demonstration made upon enemy's position at Buzzard Roost. May 10, occupied same position during early part of the day; was relieved by General Stanley and took up a position in rear of that command, remaining during the 11th. May 12, at 6 a. m. moved toward resaca, brigade on the right of the division; passing through Snake Creek Gap, bivouacked at midnight, after marching over fourteen miles over bad roads. May 13, moved at 4 a. m.; the day was passed in taking up position; knapsacks were left in rear of earth-works, bivouacking some three miles in advance of our last position near Dalton road. May, 14 moved at 8 a. m.; command in reserve during the day. At

