
10 p. m. moved to the front line to the left of the Fifteenth Army Corps and relieved a brigade of General Butterfield's. Completing earth-works, remained during the 15th under a severe fire from enemy's sharpshooters. May 16, command moved at 8 a. m. toward Rome, marching seventeen miles; bivouacked for the night. The Tenth Michigan, returned veterans, joined the command to-day. May 17, moved at 7 a. m. over good roads to within two miles of Rome, where the enemy was found strongly posted; deployed my command on the right of the road in two lines; the Sixteenth Illinois was moved to the right, deployed as skirmishers, and handsomely drove the enemy to their main lines. Darkness prevented any farther advance. The Sixtieth Illinois and Tenth Michigan Infantry were moved to the right during the night, Tenth Illinois guarding train, and arrangements made for assaulting the works early in the morning. During the night Captain T. Wiseman, assistant adjutant-general of my staff, volunteered, with a company of the Sixteenth Illinois Infantry, to try and get possession of the bridge across the Oostenaula; darkness prevented success. May 18, a dense fog prevented an early advance; about 8 a. m. Tenth Michigan Infantry, deployed as skirmishers, drove the enemy's pickets across the Alabama road, and the rebel works were soon occupied by my command, the enemy having crossed the river, destroying the bridge. A battery of the enemy's, stationed on the opposite side of the Coosa River, having opened fire on my line, Captain barnett's battery reported to me and was soon in a good position, and in a short time silenced that of the enemy. May 19, 20, and 21 remained on the north side of the Coosa River. May 22, Tenth Illinois Infantry were ordered to descend the Oostenaula in pontoon boats to cross the Etowah and take possession of the south side of the Coosa, the enemy's pickets having become troublesome in this direction. This movement was promptly and handsomely executed by this excellent regiment. At 5 p. m. the pontoon bridge having been completed over the Etowah River, the balance of my command moved to the south side of the Coosa, remaining during the 23d. May 24, command moved at 5 a. m., and bivouacked at Peak's Spring, having marched sixteen miles. May 25, moved at 7.30 a. m., passing to the left of Van Wert, bivouacking for the night, having marched twelve miles. May 26, left camp at 7.30 a. m.; after marching some three miles, countermarched and took the road to Dallas. On a reconnaissance near that place, the Tenth Illinois Infantry took the advance and skirmished into the town, the main line entering soon after, receiving a few shell from a battery of General Logan's corps, by mistake, who shortly after entered the town on our right. My command took up a strong position half a mile east of Dallas, advanced a picket-line and discovered the enemy strongly in position in our front. The command remained in this position, with some very slight changes, during the 27th, 28th, 29th, 20th, and 31st, during which time skirmish firing was severe and constant, and upon my immediate right a strong attempt was made to carry out lines, but met a signal repulse from the Sixteenth Army Corps.

June 1, moved to the left; bivouacked on the left of the Fourth Army Corps. At 10 p. m. Sixtieth Illinois and Tenth Michigan Infantry went into position, relieving Colonel Casement's brigade, remaining during the 2nd and 3d. June 4, command marched at 10 a. m. two miles to Stoneman's Hill. Fourteenth Michigan Infantry returned to-day from veteran furlough. June 5, remained in same

