
position; rebels evacuated works in front last night. June 6, command ordered to move at 4 a. m.; marched at 8 a. m.; took up a position two and a half miles west of the railroad, having marched eight miles. June 7, 8, and 9, command remained in same position. June 10, marched at 7 a. m. four miles through heavy rain over bad roads; bivouacked for the night on General Howard's left. June 11, command moved at 9 a. m. to the left in reserve and rear of First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps; at 4 p. m. formed on the left of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps; at 5.30 p. m. two miles southwest Big Shanty, remaining during the 12th and 13th. June 14, at 9 a. m. made reconnaissance toward Marietta road; Fourteenth Michigan Infantry, in advance as skirmishers, occupied the road and took up a strong position well in the advance, near Joel Bitt's house, remaining in same position during 15th and 16th. June 17, picket-line advanced (7 prisoners taken), the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, coming up into position on the right. June 18, at 4 p. m. brigade line advanced about one-half mile. June 19, early this morning the enemy's works in our front found to be vacated; command moved forward toward Kenesaw Mountain, the Sixtieth Illinois Infantry in the advance; deployed as skirmishers as they advanced; the rebels made stout resistance; they were steadily driven to the base and well up the mountain by the Sixtieth Illinois Infantry. It is no more than justice to say here that this is a fine regiment and ably commanded. The enemy were found in force and well intrenched on the ridge. This mountain is very abrupt and precipitous. Our main line was established near the base of the Kenesaw, with Noonday Creek in our immediate front, our left unprotected. The command remained in this position during the 20th, 21st, 22d, 23d,24th, and 25th, and during the whole of the time was constantly under fire from artillery and musketry. On the 21st General Dodge connected on my left. on the evening of the 23rd the Fourteenth Michigan Infantry was ordered to advance and make a demonstration to attract the attention of the enemy while some movement was being made on our right. June 26, about 1 a. m. my command was relieved by General Harrow's division, of the Sixteenth Army Corps, and moved to the right and bivouacked in reserve and rear of Fourth Army Corps. June 27, early this morning relieved General Whitaker's brigade in the trenches and one regiment (Seventy-seventh Pennsylvania) of General Cruft's brigade; the line was taken up under a severe fire from the enemy's line, the Tenth Illinois Infantry losing 1 killed and 8 wounded; remained in same position during the 28th, 29th and 30th of June, and 1st and 2nd of July.

July 3, enemy found to have evacuated their works in our front early this morning; the Tenth Illinois Infantry advanced promptly to Marietta and Powder Springs road as a skirmish line; the remaining regiments of the brigade moved to a point just south of Marietta, halted while the Fourth Army Corps passed to the right, then followed Twentieth Army Corps on Sandtown road four miles south of Marietta; 20 prisoners taken. July 4, early this morning received orders to drive in the enemy's pickets. The Sixtieth Illinois Infantry was deployed as skirmishers; very bad ground in front, low, marshy creek (Rottenwood), and dense undergrowth. The Sixtieth passed through it and drove in the rebel pickets to main lines, but for the want of proper support on the right was unable

