
to hold so advanced a line. At 5 p. m., by direct orders from General Sherman in person, five companies of the Sixteenth Illinois Infantry were deployed on the right of the Sixtieth Illinois Infantry on Atlanta road, the line advanced, and lost ground regained, and held; subsequently, a regiment of the Twentieth Army Corps relieved the Sixteenth Illinois Infantry. July 5, just after 3 a. m. Major Burnett, in command of the Tenth Michigan, on the skirmish line, reported that the enemy had vacated their works and that he was advancing with his command. I would not be doing my duty did I not say here that Major Burnett is a prompt, skilled, and intelligent officer and perfect gentleman, an honor to the service. Main line advanced and took up a position on the right of the Third Brigade, about two miles from the Chattahoochee River. The Fourteenth Michigan Infantry was deployed as skirmishers and promptly drove in the enemy's pickets, losing 7 killed and 30 wounded. This is a fighting regiment. Remained in this position during the 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, and 16th. At 3 a. m. on the morning of the 16th Major Burnett, commanding Tenth Michigan Infantry, on picket-line, reported that he was in the rebel works and was pushing forward toward the river in hopes to save the bridge and capture some prisoners; Sixteenth Illinois Infantry was ordered forward to his support and the whole command held in readiness to move. July 17, command moved at 5 a. m. on the road to Pace's Ferry, and at 11 a. m. crossed the Chattahoochee River on pontoon laid at that point; was then ordered forward toward Nancy's Creek; Sixteenth Illinois Infantry deployed as skirmishers; the enemy's pickets were soon struck and a brisk skirmish was kept up during the entire day; bivouacked near Nancy's Creek. July 18, about 1 p. m. pickets crossed Nancy's Creek about one mile and formed upon the right of the Third Brigade. July 19, main line crossed Nancy's Creek, Moore's Mill, and a fine ford in our front on Peach Tree Creek. The rebels occupied strong works on opposite side on a ridge completely commanding the mill ford and all its approaches. The Tenth Michigan Infantry, on picket, moved during the night to the mill and intrenched; destroyed the flume, letting out the water above the dam; the skirmishing at this point very heavy, close, and destructive; several officers and men were killed and wounded. July 20, five companies of the Sixtieth Illinois Infantry crossed Peach Tree Creek early this morning and formed on the right of the Third Brigade. At 6.30 p. m. Major Burnett, with tenth Michigan Infantry, crossed Peach Tree Creek at the mill and occupied rebel works. The Sixteenth and Sixtieth Illinois and Fourteenth Michigan Infantry crossed the creek during the night and took position; rebel major taken prisoner. July 21, Fourteenth Michigan and Sixteenth Illinois Infantry on picket, Tenth Michigan Infantry made a reconnaissance to the front; advanced about one and a half miles; met with some resistance on the right; brigade followed at 3 p. m. The whole command recrossed Peach Tree Creek and bivouacked for the night, the Tenth Illinois picketing from Chattahoochee River to Moore's Mill, on Peach Tree Creek. July 22, Tenth Illinois Infantry relieved by cavalry and joined command. At 1.30 p. m. brigade crossed Peach Tree Creek and moved out on Atlanta road; went into position at Meyer's house, on Proctor's Creek, fronting southwest, being the extreme right of the army, remaining in this position during the 23d, 24th, 25th, and 26th. July 27, moved at 1.30 p. m.,

