
the Tenth Illinois Infantry advance as skirmishers, driving rebel pickets and clearing front for General Howard's command, then returning to camp. July 28, received orders to be ready to march with my brigade at 8 a. m.; reported to General Davis for orders; was informed by the general that he was too unwell to take command of the division in the field; at 9 a. m. took command of the division on the Turner's Ferry road, ready to move under the following order:

JULY 28, 1864.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

Order General Davis to move to Turner's Ferry, and then, by a road leading toward East Point, to feel forward for Howard's right, back into some known point of Turner's Ferry. I will be over on that flank all day and await to reach out as far as possible.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

In compliance with the above order, I did move to Turner's Ferry; halted one hour for rest and dinner. Having no guide and no correct map of the country, I had to rely upon such information as I could obtain of residents. Returning from the river at the ferry, turned to the right at the church, one mile from the river, and took the road leading toward East Point. The enemy's pickets were soon met on the road. They were well posted and in good numbers, requiring the deploying of a whole regiment to clear the front. After moving upon this road about one and a half miles, a staff officer of the general commanding the division overtook the command, and I received verbal orders to return as soon as possible to the Turner's Ferry road, the enemy having attacked General Howard's right. Heavy skirmishing continuing in front, I determined to advance and take the first road to the left. This was done, and the division was moved with all dispatch back to Turner's Ferry road, arriving late in the evening, and, owing to a bad swamp and a dark night, was nearly all night getting into camp. The whole day's work can be summed up in a few words-a late start, an excessively hot day, a long and hard march (fourteen miles), and a late and very dark camp. July 29, division advanced, First Brigade on the right, about one and a half miles, crossed Green's Ferry road, and intrenched on the right of General Howard's command. July 30,

brigade moved to the right, Sixtieth Illinois as skirmishers. July 31, division moved out on East Point road on a reconnaissance, First Brigade on the right; Sixteenth Illinois Infantry, deployed as skirmishers, drove the enemy's pickets across Utoy Creek. This is a fine regiment, then ably commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Cahill. Returned to camp about 6 p. m.; heavy rain during the march; remaining in same camp during 1st, 2d, and 3rd of August.

August 4, at 1 p. m.,in accordance with orders, division moved across Utoy Creek and ordered to form on General Baird's right. Owing to some delay by troops co-operating on my left, this division did not get into position. Bivouacked for the night in reserve and refuse line, throwing up light works. August 5, division moved at 10 a. m. about one mile to the right and front, and took up a position the left, Second Brigade center, and First Brigade on the right, our line extending across the Lick Skillet road, rebels shelling our lines severely during the day; remained in the same position during

