
the 6th. August 7, about 1 p.m. received orders to advance my line; the whole division was ordered to swing forward on the left (Third Brigade), the First Brigade upon the right, being much farther from the main lines; moved forward some three-fourths of a mile; the Fourteenth Michigan Infantry, deployed as skirmishers, supported by Sixteenth Illinois Infantry, drove the rebels out of very strongly constructed rifle-pits into the main works. By this movement my front was changed from south to east, the Second Brigade following the movement in the center; the entire change was a perfect success; the Fourteenth Michigan Infantry took 34 prisoners, losing 8 killed and 28 wounded. August 8, by order from corps commander, Tenth Michigan and Sixtieth Illinois Infantry and two regiments of the Second Brigade moved to the right some two miles, to protect the right and rear of the Twenty-third Army Corps. No change in the position during the 9th,10th, and 11th. August 12, relieved General Cox's division on the right, each brigade throwing out its line so as to cover the front of Second Division; remaining in same position during 13th,14th,15th,16th,17th, and 18th. August 19, at 4 a.m. the First and Third Brigades moved some three miles to the right and rear of Twenty-third Army Corps as a reserve to that command; returned at dark; Second Brigade occupied the trenches of the division during the day. August 20, at 4 a.m. the First and Third Brigades moved to same position as yesterday; at 9 a.m. was directed to make a reconnaissance toward Red Oak; with First and Third Brigades moved out on Campbellton road, soon turning to the left to Red Oak, the Third Brigade in advance; Twenty-second Indiana Infantry deployed as skirmishers. Meeting with but little resistance, our march was rapid; two regiments of the First Brigade were left at the junction of East Point road, and two regiments at Minn's house, to guard my left flank; taking Mr. Minn as a guide, moved forward to railroad at a point one-half mile north of Red Oak Station, cutting the road for a short distance and telegraph line; returned to camp at dark; it rained very hard during the day, and making a long march of twenty miles. The Tenth Illinois Infantry reported to Sixteenth Army Corps to-day, by orders of Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, through headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi. August 21, the Seventeenth New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry reported to First Brigade to-day.

From the 28th of July up to the 23rd day of August I have been temporarily (during the continued illness of General Davis) in command of the division, taking command of the division in all movements in the field. I have, therefore, in addition to reporting the movements of my own brigade, included that of the division during that time. On the 23rd of August, General Davis having assumed command of Fourteenth Army Corps, I was assigned to the command of his division.

I am without report from Tenth Illinois Infantry, that regiment having been transferred to the Army of the Tennessee. Orders have been sent for the report, and will be forwarded as soon as received.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain T. W. MORRISON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 14th Army Corps.

