HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,White Hall, Ga., September 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In forwarding report for the Tenth Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry I respectfully ask to make the following addition to my brigade report: In advancing upon Peach Tree Creek (July 18), the Tenth Illinois Infantry were in advance, deployed as skirmishers, and in gaining possession of the ground, especially in front of Moore's Mill, were subjected to a very severe fire, but this fine regiment steadily fought its way to the banks of the creek, intrenching and maintaining its position. Major Wilson and Captain Munson (Company H), Tenth Illinois, were severely wounded, the latter losing an arm. They were both good officers. Captain Coleman, of the Sixtieth Illinois Infantry, was killed; First Lieutenant Welling, Company G, Tenth Michigan Infantry, severely wounded, losing a leg. Both excellent officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain A. C. McCLURG,

Asst. Adjt. General and Chief of Staff, 14th Army Corps.

No. 126.

Report of Colonel Charles M. Lunn, Tenth Michigan Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 24-September 8.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,White Hall, near Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders from headquarters Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of this brigade since August 24, 1864, when I assumed command thereof:

On said date the brigade occupied the left of the Second Division, west-southwest of Atlanta, and remained in the same position until August 27, when orders were received to move at a moment's notice. The enemy shelled out position about midnight without doing any damage. Shortly after midnight the brigade left their intrenched position and marched about one and a half miles on the Sandtown road, about daylight taking up a position on a high knoll facing northeast, five companies of the Tenth Regiment Michigan Infantry being thrown out as skirmishers. During the forenoon the command moved nearly one mile farther to the right and took up a position on a hill facing the Sandtown road, our line running perpendicularly to the main line of the army and covering its left flank. The enemy followed us closely, and some skirmishing took place, without injury to either party, as far as can be ascertained. On the 28th of August the brigade started at 5.20 a.m. and moved rapidly to the right a distance of about four miles. It was considered necessary to throw out flankers during part of said march, as the enemy was in close proximity. On arriving at Mr. Oliver's plantation the command halted for breakfast. Here the brigade was detached from the division and ordered to proceed over a rough and narrow road through woods and uncultivated country in a

