
south-southeast and southeast direction, to protect the supply train and Major-General Thomas' headquarters train. Reached the Montgomery railroad about 3 p.m. without having met with my resistance. Found ourselves on the extreme right of the Army of the Cumberland, and reported to Brigadier-General Morgan, then at Red Oak Station, for orders.
August 29, at daybreak left camp and marched across a broken, swampy, and wooded country due east for about one and a half miles. Took up a position somewhat in the advance and on the right of the division, threw up breast-works, and established a strong picket-line. The Tenth Regiment Michigan Infantry, Major Burnett commanding, went out on a reconnaissance in the direction of Shoal Creek Church with a view of cutting a new road. The regiment fell in with the rear guard of a brigade of rebel cavalry, wounding 2 men, capturing 1 prisoner, 15 horses and mules, and a number of small-arms and horse equipments. When near the church the regiment found the enemy in strong force, at the same time discovering a heavy line of battle in their rear. Major Burnnett moved his command out of the road, and by skillful maneuvering managed to bring his command around the flank of the force in his rear and to within three-fourths of a mile from camp. Here he halted, sent out his pioneers, supported by a line of skirmishers, and cut a new road for nearly a mile. He brought his regiment into camp about sunset, without the loss of a man, and received well-merited compliments for the success of his movement. After dark the Seventeenth Regiment New York Infantry was thrown out to the right of our position to protect our trains and guard against surprise. The night was quiet. On the 30th of August the brigade moved out early in the morning, the Tenth Regiment Michigan Infantry in the advance, on the Shoal Creek road, said regiment completing the road commenced the day previous and skirmishing with the enemy, taking 2 prisoners. The brigade halted at Shoal Creek at 10 a.m. and remained till 1.30 p.m., when we again took up the line of march, due east, and proceeded about three and a half miles to a point some five miles from Rough and Ready and six miles from Fairburn. There we went into position, facing east, and threw up breast-works. There the command remained until noon August 31, when we moved out first northward, but soon received orders to turn south, and moved in that direction about two miles. Took up a position in line of battle, facing south, and bivouacked for the night.

September 1, about 8 a.m. the brigade was put in motion and returned over the same road we had come; advanced beyond our previous position in a northerly and easterly direction, and, after crossing a creek, where the enemy's artillery first reached us, passed under steady fire of shell and solid shot from a rebel battery some distance up the Jonesborough road. Our artillery soon silenced the enemy's guns, the command crossed to the left of the road, traversed a swampy bottom, and formed on a slope overgrown with young pine trees. Soon we received orders to move to the left across an open field and through a deep ravine to form in the rear of Colonel Mitchell's brigade. This was speedily executed, and the brigade formed in column by battalions, the Fourteenth Regiment Michigan Infantry in the front line. Shortly after 4 p.m. order was given to advance. Crossing a strip of woods in our front, the brigade came out into an open field, where we found our forces

