
drawn up in line of battle, facing the enemy's works in the woods and running perpendicular to our brigade front. There was an opening between the right of General Baird's division and the left of Colonel Mitchell's brigade. Captain T. Wiseman, assistant adjutant-general Second Division, brought order for this command to fill said gap. Consequently the several regiments were brought by the right flank down to a muddy creek, overgrown with thick and tangled bushes, across that creek, and were formed in the space between the two divisions in such a manner that the Fourteenth Regiment Michigan Veteran Volunteer Infantry joined the left of Colonel Mitchell's brigade, the Sixtieth Regiment Illinois Infantry on the proclamation of the same line, the left wing of said regiment slightly advanced, and the Seventeenth Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry was to fill the gap between the left of the Sixtieth Illinois and the right of Baird's division. Striking the creek above mentioned in a very difficult place, this regiment was unable to take up its proper position in the front line before the general advance. The Sixteenth Illinois formed in the rear of the Fourteenth Michigan, and the Tenth Michigan in the rear and somewhat to the left of the Sixtieth Illinois. While maneuvering for these positions, the command was exposed to a brisk fire of grape and solid shot, but performed the movements with great coolness and precision. Suddenly, without any orders to or from the commanding officer, the brigade moved forward, following the impulse of a general advance, marching steadily and silently, in beautiful order, up the slope in front of us, and without firing a shot entered the woods, where the enemy were awaiting the onset behind strong breast-works. Colonel Mitchell's brigade advanced on a line converging with the one our brigade followed. The Fourteenth Regiment Michigan Infantry gained the advance, and, ably led by Colonel H. R. Mizner, was the first to enter the woods and the first to break through the enemy's lines, driving them away from their artillery, the capture of which is claimed, as it seems justly, by Colonel Mizner. The suddenness, determination, and silence of the assault appears to have astounded and disconcerted the enemy, as they left their first line of intrenchments after but a feeble resistance. At the second line of breastworks the contest grew hotter, but soon the enemy fell back, leaving a great number of prisoners in our hands, among whom Brigadier-General Govan, who surrendered at the summons of First Sergt. Patrick Irwin, Fourteenth Regiment Michigan Volunteers. Said regiment also captured the battle-flag of the First Regiment Arkansas (Confederate) and 4 mules with harness. The determined and rapid manner in which the Fourteenth Michigan advanced was probably the reason why the loss in that regiment was comparatively small (2 killed and 28 wounded). The Sixteenth Regiment Illinois Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Cahill commanding, followed the Fourteenth Michigan closely, occupied the first line of the enemy's breast-works, turned some of the captured guns upon the retreating foe, entered the earth-works, and held possession of them. This regiment lost 2 killed, 5 wounded, and 1 missing. The Sixtieth Regiment Illinois Veteran Volunteer Infantry, Colonel W. B. Anderson, advanced nearly on a line with, and on the left of, the Fourteenth Michigan, carried the enemy's works in splendid style, bayonets being freely used over the second line of breast-works. Beyond that line the regiment advanced about 200 yards, threw up breast-works, and remained there all night. Colonel Anderson claims to

