
have captured four pieces of cannon, although they seem to have been the same pieces which the Fourteenth Michigan had already passed by. The regiment captured a good number of prisoners and small-arms, losing 2 men killed, 2 commissioned officers and 16 enlisted men wounded.

While advancing from the position in the open field, the four right companies of the Tenth Regiment Michigan Veteran Volunteer Infantry became entangled in a jungle of briars, several rods in width, and were considerably delayed. They finally extricated themselves and got into their proper place on the left of the Sixtieth Illinois Infantry, advanced with that regiment, and finally took up a position along the first line of the enemy's works, beyond which it was not considered advisable to proceed, the left flank being wholly unprotected. The six left companies of the regiment, unaware of the delay on their right flank, pressed eagerly forward. Finding a gap between our brigade and General Baird's right flank, Major Burnett threw his regiment toward the left, filled the gap, and thus effectually secured the flank of General Baird's right brigade. After entering the woods, said brigade (Colonel Este's) seems to have been greatly reduced in numbers (it is alleged through the falling back of one or two of his regiments), and finding himself unsupported on both flanks, Colonel Este requested. Major Burnett to form on the left of said brigade. The moment was portentous; delay would be disastrous. Major Burnett moved rapidly to the left, formed in the position desired, advanced, and secured a brilliant success, on a point where Colonel Este's men, before his arrival, saw nothing but destruction, and were ready to surrender. The Tenth Michigan advanced bravely, capturing the Second Kentucky Regiment and parts of the Ninth and Sixth Kentucky, with the battle-flag of the latter. The Second Kentucky tore their flag into shreds, thus preventing it from falling into our hands. The gallant and gentlemanly Major Burnett here fell, his head pierced by a rebel bullet while cheering on his men to storm the second line of earth-works. Captain Dunphy took command, led the charge in person, and routed the enemy after a desperate hand-to-hand fight. The regiment lost 2 commissioned officers and 17 enlisted men killed, and 4 commissioned officers and 54 enlisted men wounded.

The Seventeenth Regiment New York Veteran Volunteer Infantry, as above mentioned, encountered great difficulty in crossing a creek while getting into position, and consequently did not arrive at its proper place before the whole line was put in motion. Colonel Grower hastily formed his regiment and advanced up the hill. At that time one or two regiments in his immediate front came rushing to the rear in great confusion, and it was to be feared that the Seventeenth, being under fire for the first time after the re-organization, would be carried off by the current, but, inspired by their brave leader, they pressed onward, reaching the edge of the woods in perfect order. Here Colonel Este, commanding a brigade in General Baird's division, called on Colonel Grower for support, his brigade having got into a dangerous position and showing sings of being discouraged. Colonel Grower, seeing our brigade in perfect order, the space to be occupied by his regiment for the time filled by the Tenth Michigan, and witnessing the confusion in his front, though best to comply with Colonel Este's request, and moved his command to the left. Here he advanced under a terrible fire, the men falling fast, until he himself fell mortally wounded. Seeing no support on his

