
left, and great confusion on his right, he ordered Major Martin to fall back until he could find proper support. Major Martin, assuming command of the regiment, fell back to the edge of the woods, reformed his line, and seeing the Tenth Michigan on his right, though himself in his proper place. Again advancing, he received orders to join the Sixtieth Illinois, then somewhat in the advance. He moved forward, and before reaching his position fell in with Colonel Este's brigade. That officer did not know the position of our brigade, and there was no one on hand to give information as to their whereabouts. Colonel Este being hard pressed and his left greatly exposed, applied for assistance, and the Seventeenth formed on his left. Shortly afterward a colonel (Moore) commanding a brigade in the First Division came up and told Major Martin that unless immediately re-enforced he would be obliged to fall back, and urged the major to assist him. The regiment moved forward, advancing the right so as to pour an enfilading fire into the enemy's line. This fire was not returned, the enemy hurriedly retreating. After this, order was received to take up a position on the left of the Sixtieth Regiment Illinois Infantry. Having received correct information as to their position, the regiment moved up and formed as directed, throwing up earth-works in their front and remaining in said position over night. In this engagement the regiment lost 4 commissioned officers wounded (one of whom, Colonel Grower, afterward died), 23 enlisted men killed, and 70 wounded. Many prisoners passed through the lines of the regiment, but it was not considered advisable to weaken the ranks by securing them. The colonel commanding takes pride and pleasure in testifying the unexceptionably excellent behavior of his command. All officers and men stood up nobly to their work. There were no signs of hesitation or wavering. Every man seemed imbued with the importance of the result and was determined to conquer. The Tenth Regiment Michigan and the Seventeenth Regiment New York Infantry deserve particular credit for the promptness and firmness with which they acted under trying circumstances. It is but just to say that by the gallantry of those two regiments the right of General Baird's division was saved from defeat-a defeat which might have proved disastrous to the whole army.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES M. LUM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THEODORE WISEMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 14th Army Corps.

No. 127.

Report of Captain George C. Lusk, Tenth Illinois Infantry, of operations May 1-August 20.
HDQRS. TENTH ILLINOIS VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Near East Point, Ga., September 13, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with the request of General Morgan, I send you the following report of the operations of the Tenth Illinois Infantry during this campaign, commencing May 1, 1864, and ending August 10, 1864:

On the 1st day of May, 1864, we received orders to be ready to march at daylight the next morning. On the morning of the 2nd we

