
left Rossville and that day reached Ringgold, where we went into camp and lay until the 5th, when we moved through the gap and reached the first station on the outside. On the 7th we moved to Tunnel Hill, and in the afternoon five companies of our regiment were deployed as skirmishers and moved forward, driving the rebels from the hill and holding it. On the 9th we crossed the valley and formed at the foot of Rocky Face, up which we soon moved in support of the Sixtieth Illinois, who were deployed as skirmishers. About noon one company was deployed and sent to the right to try to dislodge the rebel sharpshooters, who were getting very trouble-some. This they found to be impossible on account of the position. On the 10th we passed to the right and directly in front of the gap. Three companies were sent into the gap with orders to go as far as possible and try to discover the rebel artillery, which they had thus far succeeded in keeping concealed. In this they were successful. They advanced steadily until the rebels opened their batteries upon them, when they laid down and awaited orders. At night they were relieved, and our brigade was relieved from the front line. We moved back a short distance and remained until the 12th, when we marched to the right and passed through Snake Creek Gap. On the 13th we marched to Resaca and took position in rear of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. That night we moved to the right and took a position in the front line, where we lay until the evacuation of Resaca, which took place on the night of the 15th. On the 16th we marched back to Snake Creek Gap, where we had left our knapsacks, then took the road which we were told led to Rome. We stopped that night within eighteen miles of that city. On the 17th we continued our march, and at noon had arrived at Jones' Mill, where we halted until about 9 o'clock that night. Two companies were sent to the mill as a guard. At 9 p.m. we started again on the Rome road, and at 2 a.m. we halted about two miles from the city. The next day we moved up within sight of the town, where we remained until the 22d. That day we received orders to pack up and get ready to march. We crossed over into Rome, and then across the Coosa River on pontoons; two companies were given the job of clearing the way. They crossed on pontoons, and after deploying, marched steadily up the hill, driving the rebels before them. The rest of the regiment then crossed and the pioneers commenced throwing the bridge across. On the 24th we left camp on the Coosa at Cave Spring. The next day we turned off and took the Dallas road, and on the 26th arrived at the town of Dallas. Three companies were here deployed as skirmishers and drove the rebels out of it. The next day we moved into position in front of Dallas and threw up breast-works. We had two companies on picket, and lost 5 men. We lay in our works until the 1st of June, when we moved to the left and stopped in the rear of the Twenty-third Corps for supper. At dark we moved to the front and took position on the second line, where we remained until the 4th, when we again moved to the left and joined the Fourteenth Army Corps, from which we had been detached since the evacuation of Resaca, and were sent to the top of a high hill to the line. That night the rebels again evacuated. On the 6th we again started in pursuit and marched all day, seeing no rebels. Here we again laid still, and on the 10th again started. About noon of this day we met them in front of Pine Mountain. That night two companies were sent on picket. Early

42 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

