
next day we were relieved and moved to the left, and at night found ourselves to the left and rear of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, where we lay until the 14th, when we again left camp, in light marching order. We went about a mile to the front and threw up log works; two companies sent out to support the skirmish line. At 3 p.m. we moved still farther to the left, where we threw up another line of works. The regiment here was formed into two lines, the right wing forming the first, the left wing the second line. On the 15th we had four companies on the skirmish line. On the 18th advanced our lines a considerable distance to the front and threw up works. That night the rebels evacuated, and early the next morning we were after them. They retreated to the top of Kenesaw Mountain. We followed them to the foot of the mountain, where we intrenched and lay until the 25th. During our stay we suffered some from the rebel sharpshooters and artillery. On the night of the 27th we were thrown into the front line of works, then occupied by a brigade of Hooker's corps. To gain his position we were obliged to pass through an open field for several rods. While doing this we lost a good many good men. A charge was made by our division that day, but our regiment did not participate. We lay here until the morning of the 3d, the rebels having evacuated the night before. We followed them through Marietta, and were placed in the front line when we did find them.

On the night of July 4 we were sent on picket. That night the rebel again evacuated, and the next day followed them to the Chattahoochee, where we went into camp and remained until the 17th, when we again started and crossed the river and marched about two miles. The next day we were sent on picket and ordered to advance the line. We did so, and soon our flanks struck Peach Tree Creek. There was considerable skirmishing in the night and we lost several men, among them Major Wilson and Captain Munson. That night we were stationed as picket and the next day were ordered to throw our center forward until it struck the creek and then to follow its windings. We found it required eight companies to fill the space three had formerly filled. During the afternoon the left of our line had a sharp skirmish, but lost no men. That night we were relieved and went to the brigade, which was a mile and a half to the left. On the 21st we moved out to the main Marietta and Atlanta road, and after coming to the line moved to the extreme right and took position on the flank, where we laid until the 26th, when we went to the front to assist the Sixteenth Corps into position. Our regiment was on the front line, five companies as skirmishers. We returned to camp that night. On the 28th we went on a grand reconnaissance toward Turner's Ferry and then to the front. We returned about 12 that night and took a position farther to the right and front of where we started in the morning. The next day we took position on the line. The next day we again moved forward and took position in a swamp, where we intrenched. On the 31st we went out on a reconnoitering expedition. On the 5th of August we left the camp in the swamp and moved forward; took up a new position; here we threw up fine works. On the 7th we again advanced, and this time got pretty close to the rebel works. We now began to be bothered by their sharpshooters and several men were lost in that way. On the 8th the regiment was placed on picket, and relieved on the 9th. On the 11th we again went on picket. On the 12th we moved

