
into the Fourteenth Michigan's old works, which lay to the right and rear. On the 15th one company was sent out on a foraging expedition and returned the same day. At 3 a.m. on the 19th we went with the division to support the Twenty-third Corps, and on the 20th we left the Fourteenth Corps, as we were transferred to the Sixteenth Corps.

The following is a list of casualties in the regiment during the campaign commencing May 1, 1864, and ending August 20, 1864: Commissioned officers-Major Samuel J. Wilson, wounded severely; Adjt. W. W. Rice, killed; Captain Frank A. Munson, wounded severely; Captain Charles Carpenter, wounded slightly; Lieutenant S. K. Baughman, wounded slightly. Enlisted men-killed, 13; wounded, 60; missing, 10; total, 83. Aggregate, 88.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

G. C. LUSK,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain T. WISEMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, 14th Army Corps.

No. 128.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel James B. Cahill, Sixteenth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ILLINOIS INFTY. VET. VOLS.,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to make the following detailed report of the part taken by the Sixteenth Regiment Illinois Infantry in the late campaign from May 2, 1864, to August 24, 1864:

On the morning of the 2nd of May the regiment, together with detachments of non-veterans from the Tenth and Fourteenth Michigan Infantry, in all about 850 effective men, and under command of Colonel R. F. Smith, marched with the brigade, commanded by Brigadier General James D. Morgan, from Rossville, Ga., to Richmond, Ga., arriving at 2 p.m.; distance marched, twelve miles. May 3 and 4, remained in camp at Ringgold, nothing of importance transpiring, except the falling of a tree, killing Private Whaley, Tenth Michigan Infantry. May 5, in obedience to orders, the regiment moved at sunrise, passed through Hooker's Gap, drove back the enemy's outposts, and encamped in a fine open field about three miles from former camp. May 6, remained in camp through the day; three days' rations issued to the regiment this p.m., and orders to march at sunrise to-morrow. May 7, at sunrise marched in the direction of Tunnel Hill; the advance of the division encountered considerable opposition, but the enemy was steadily driven, and to-night the army occupied Tunnel Hill. May 8, the regiment moved forward to the front this a.m.; near the gap called Buzzard Roost the enemy are in force; have a good position, and lively skirmishing continues through the day; no casualties in the command. May 9, this morning the regiment advanced its line of skirmishers and met with heavy opposition; in the action Franklin Dalby, private Company I, was killed, and Privates Joseph Rogers, Carroll Ulher, J. Hadrington, W. Swan (Company I), John Collins (Company G), and Leonard F. Burnett (Company E), were wounded. May 10, the regiment retains the position gained yesterday; the enemy's sharpshooters very annoying; severe skirmishing all day First Sergt. William M. Howard and Private

