
Frank A. Humilke (Company I) and Z. L. King (private Company D) were killed to-day. May 11, skirmishing continues, though not as severe as yesterday; no casualties reported. May 12, early this morning the regiment, with brigade, moved out from Buzzard Roost and marched rapidly toward Snake Creek Gap; at 11 p.m. bivouacked for the night in the gap; distance marched, about fifteen miles; no casualties. May 13, moved forward at daylight; after proceeding about a mile halted for breakfast; left knapsacks and slowly moved to the front in support of other troops; not engaged, nor no casualties reported. May 14, moved forward again to-day; heavy fighting going on to our left and front; to-night occupied an intrenched line in support of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps; no casualties. May 15, occupying the same position as yesterday; severe fighting this afternoon to the right and left of us, though nothing serious in our immediate front; casualties are, Private William C. Green (Company B) killed and Corpl. John W. Bartlett, Privates --- Walker (Company I), and George Schmith (Company E) wounded. May 16, on its being ascertained that the enemy had left our front, the regiment proceeded back to where the knapsacks had been left, and at 8 a.m. was moving in the direction of Rome, Ga.; bivouacked for the night at 9 p.m., having marched about twenty miles. May 17, moved forward at daylight, marching rapidly; our advance encountered the enemy one mile north of the Oostenaula River, and a lively fight ensued, both forces using artillery; the Sixteenth was deployed as skirmishers on the right of the road; the enemy fell back to the river; no casualties reported. May 18, at 3 a.m. our lines were advanced; the enemy retreated to the south side of the river, burning the bridges, when the command went into camp on the north bank of the Oostenaula. May 19,20,21, in camp near Rome; no changes; nothing important transpiring. May 22, the command marched across the pontoon bridge into Rome, and crossing the Etowah by the same means, encamped on the south bank of Etowah River. May 23, moved camp about one mile south of the river this p.m. May 24, this morning 230 non-veterans, whose term of service has expired, started to Chattanooga in charge of Colonel R. F. Smith, the command of the regiment devolving upon Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Cahill; at 6 a.m. the command marched in a southeast direction, halting for the night at Cave Spring; distance made, eighteen miles. May 25, the regiment and brigade marched at daylight; had heavy rain, and roads in terrible condition; at 5 p.m. heard artillery to our left and front; halted for the night near Pumpkin Vine Creek; distance marched, about nineteen miles. May 26, moved forward a mile or thereabouts; ordered to countermarch and take the road to Dallas; entered Dallas at 4 p.m., the enemy's skirmishers retiring; bivouacked for the night about one mile north and east of Dallas. May 27, moved to the front one-half mile this morning and intrenched; our skirmishers have been engaged during the whole day, and sharp, heavy fighting has occurred this p.m. just to our right; casualties to-day are Thomas J. Coffey (private Company I) killed and Private G. W. Hogan (Company I) and Elon F. Currier (Company G) wounded. May 28, occupying the same line as yesterday; no casualties. May 29, things in our front remain nearly the same as yesterday; continual skirmishing, the rebels using some artillery; Private J. H. McLain (Company G) killed to-day. May 30, is but a repetition of yesterday, with the usual amount of skirmishing and shelling; no casualties reported.

