
May 31, considerable fighting all along our front through the entire day; this p.m. the enemy shelled our position, killing Private Charles Wackwitz, Company H.

June 1, at sunrise the command was withdrawn from in front of Dallas, and moving eight miles to the left, halted for the night in rear of the Fourth Corps, near New Hope Church; no casualties reported; heavy rains. June 2, early this a.m. the regiment was assigned its position in front; severe skirmishing through the day; no casualties. June 3, things seemingly quiet in our front, though heavy firing is heard to our right; no casualties. June 4, this a.m. early the command was withdrawn from the position in has occupied since the 1st instant, and moved two miles to the left and in reserve of other troops. June 5, this morning we were surprised this morning in a northeast course; raining all the time, and roads bad; arrived at Acworth, Ga., at 5 p.m.; distance marched about six miles. June 7,8,9, remained in camp at Acworth resting; no casualties to report. June 10, moving to the left to-day in direction of Big Shanty; rained all day. June 11, moved to the front one mile this a.m. and intrenched; raining continually; no casualties. June 12, changed position toward the front, and intrenched, the skirmishers very busy day and night; no casualties. June 13, occupying the same position as yesterday; slight skirmishing in front; no casualties. June 14, the regiment with brigade advanced about a mile toward Kenesaw Mountain, and intrenched; rained. June 15, remained in same position; some skirmishing in front; constant firing away on our right; no casualties reported in command to-day, June 16, advanced the lines again last night; rained all day; the usual skirmishing going on; no casualties. June 17,18, the regiment occupying the same position, and constant skirmishing in front. June 19, early this morning the command moved forward to the foot of Kenesaw under a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries on the crest of the mountain, no casualties occurring in the regiment. June 20, steady skirmishing in front; at noon the rebel batteries on Kenesaw again opened on our camp, shelling us heavily, but resulting in no damage to the regiment other than tearing of tents, &amp;c. June 21, heavy fighting on the right; the enemy have not used their guns on us, but the skirmishers keep up a continual fire; Private Kennedy, Company E, wounded. June 22, early this a.m. the enemy opened again with ten guns, shelling our position; the regiment is on the skirmish line; Private Charles W. Allen, Company K, wounded. June 23,24,25, the regiment occupying the same position as on the 22d; constant skirmishing on the line, with occasional artillery duels; Samuel Boice, Company K, wounded June 25, 1864. June 26, at 10 p.m. the command moved from in front of Kenesaw toward the right; were on the road all night, marching four miles; halted in rear of the Fourth Corps, and remained all day. June 27, at 6 a.m. the command, in light marching order, moved forward to the front in support of the Second and Third Brigades, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, forming the second line; occupied the advanced works of our former line, and held them during the battle; casualties, Corpl. William E. McDaniel, Company C, killed. June 28,29,30, July 1,2, the regiment occupies the same position as on the 27th; constant skirmishing on the line; no casualties reported.

