
July 3, it being ascertained that the enemy had retreated from our front, the regiment moved with command through Marietta to a point five miles beyond Marietta, where the enemy were found in force; marched to the front and intrenched; no casualties reported. July 4, the regiment was ordered out to support the Sixtieth Illinois early this morning, and remained during the day; at 5 p.m. five companies were detailed to drive back the enemy's skirmishers; in doing so the regiment lost 1 killed, 7 wounded, 1 missing. July 5, the enemy again fell back last night, and this morning the command moved forward to near Vining's Station, where the enemy was found in an intrenched position; some skirmishing in our front this p.m.; no casualties in the regiment. July 6, the lines were advanced some distance this a.m., which occasioned sharp firing in our front all day. July 7, the regiment relieved the Fourteenth Michigan on the skirmish line, and lost 3 men wounded. July 8 to 16, in camp near Vining's Station; no casualties to report, and almost a suspension of hostilities, the enemy having withdrawn to the east bank of the Chattahoochee. July 17, pursuant to orders, the regiment marched from its encampment near Vining's Station to Pace's Ferry, where, crossing the Chattahoochee and proceeding to Nancy's Creek, it being in advance, encountered the enemy; in the fight which ensued First Lieutenant James Donaldson, Company C, Corpls. Alex. Peterson, Company F, and John McGovern, Company D, Privates Whicker, Montgomery, and Peterson, were killed, and Privates Shaw and Nelson, Company F, wounded. July 18, the command moved forward about two miles this a.m., skirmishing heavily, establishing a line on Peach Tree Creek, and intrenched; no casualties reported. July 19, occupying the same position to-day; no casualties. July 20, the regiment relieved the Sixtieth Illinois at 6 p.m.; while advancing the lines and reconnoitering, Sergeant Hamline, Company A, Corporal Hamline, and Private J. M. Forrest, Company A, were taken prisoners. July 21, at 12 m. the command fell back to its fortified line east of Peach Tree Creek, and remained during the day. July 22, the regiment marched this a.m. toward Atlanta, proceeded to within two and a half miles of the city, northwest, and intrenched; no enemy appears in our front to-day, though there is considerable skirmishing just to our left, and very heavy firing hear far away to the left. July 23 to 26, the regiment occupies its intrenched position; matters along our immediate front very quiet, though a desultory firing is kept up just to our left. July 27, at 4 a.m. received orders to be ready to move in light marching order at 1 p.m.; marched directly to the front about a mile, driving back the enemy's skirmishers, and held the position till the Sixteenth Army Corps occupied the ground; Private Marlow, Company G, wounded. July 28, the command marched at 6 a.m.; proceeded to Turner's Ferry, then, making a detour away to the right, came back and halted in rear of Fifteenth Army Corps at 12 o'clock midnight. July 29, marched to the front and right of the Fifteenth Army Corps; then advanced about a mile and intrenched; encountered but little opposition; no casualties. July 30, at 2 p.m. moved to the right and front about one-half mile and intrenched. July 31, at 6 a.m. ordered to be ready to move at a moment's notice; movement began at 2 p.m., Sixteenth Illinois as skirmishers; marched to the right and front one mile, drove the enemy from their rifle-pits, with loss of 3 men wounded; returned to camp at 5 p.m.; rained very much this p.m.

