
August 1, in the same position as yesterday, Twenty-third Corps moving in on our right; no casualties. August 2, remaining in the same line of works. August 3, matters in our front extremely quiet, though occasionally a rebel shell drops into camp, none doing any damage. August 4, at 10 a.m. the regiment moved to the right about a mile, going into position between divisions of the Twenty-third Corps and there intrenched; no casualties, though the rebels shelled furiously this afternoon. August 5 and 6, occupying the same works as on the 4th instant, heavy skirmishing in front, and the enemy daily shelling our line. August 7, the regiment was ordered out to support the Fourteenth Michigan Infantry at 4 p.m., and advancing with them, drove the enemy from his rifle-pits, capturing many prisoners; relieved the Fourteenth Michigan Infantry on the skirmish line; no casualties. August 8, heavy skirmishing on the line throughout the day; Private Chambers, Company H, killed; Privates Shannon, Company A, Rolly, Company E, and Swartz, Company G, wounded. August 9 and 10, remained in the same position, desultory skirmish firing kept up in front, also shelling to some extent. August 11, the regiment was relieved from picket duty this p.m.; Corporal Benmert, Company I, wounded. August 12, the regiment was moved to the right its fronting distance this a.m. and occupied the works vacated by the First East Tennessee Infantry; the enemy's batteries opened on us with solid shot this p.m.; no casualties. August 13 to 19, quietly occupying the same line of works, the firing in our front almost ceased. August 20, at 4 a.m. the command marched out on the Sandtown road, going around the rebel left and striking the Atlanta and West Point [Railroad] at Red Oak Station; troops in advance tore up the railroad some distance; returned to camp, having marched about twenty miles; no casualties. August 21 to 24, the regiment remained in camp, occupying the same line as on the 20th instant; the rebels shell us daily, with but little effect, otherwise the utmost quietness prevails; no firing on the skirmish line, and no casualties to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. CAHILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Captain T. WISEMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ILLINOIS INFTY. VET. VOLS.,Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

In obedience to orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Sixteenth Regiment Illinois Infantry Veteran Volunteers in the late campaign, from the 24th day of August, 1864, to the 8th day of September, 1864:

August 24 and 25, the regiment remained in the same line of works it had occupied since the 8th instant; very little firing on the lines and no casualties reported. August 26, at 4 p.m. the regiment was ordered to be ready to move at a moment's notice. At 10 p.m. the enemy opened a battery on the camp and shelled us heavily, but resulting in no damage. August 27, at 2 a.m. the regiment marched out on the Sandtown road; after proceeding about five miles, halted for the night and intrenched. August 28, marched at daylight, and at 4 p.m. arrived at Red Oak Station, on the Atlanta and West

