
Point Railroad. Five companies were detailed to guard headquarters wagons Department of the Cumberland. August 29, at daylight moved in a northeast course about one and a half miles; formed line and intrenched. No enemy appears in force. August 30, the regiment, with brigade, marched at sunrise; proceeded about eight miles, halted for the night and intrenched just east of the Jonesborough road. August 31, the regiment relieved the Seventy-eighth Illinois Infantry on the skirmish line at 12 m. Matters seem quiet in our front, though heavy firing is heard to our right and front. At 3 p.m. the command moved to the right about two miles and bivouacked for the night. September 1, the regiment marched at sunrise, proceeding in a southeast course about eight miles, striking the headwaters of Flint River, two miles from Jonesborough, at 4 p.m.; crossed the river under a heavy fire from two rebel batteries, which resulted in no loss to the regiment, however. Remaining in this position one-half hour, or thereabouts, awaiting orders, the column moved by the left flank until it arrived at a point 600 yards north of the batteries which had been annoying us; here was formed the line of battle, the Sixteenth Illinois Infantry being on the right of the brigade, immediately in rear of the Fourteenth Michigan Infantry, and joined on the left by the Sixtieth Illinois Infantry. In advancing to the assault the column struck the angle made by the timber, in front of Swett's (Mississippi) battery, the fourth and fifth companies going over the works at that point. The men eagerly pursued the flying enemy, but were recalled by Lieutenant-Colonel Cahill, commanding regiment, who reformed them behind the captured works; two of the captured guns were turned upon the enemy by the regiment. The works were reserved and held by the regiment during the continuance of the battle. Two guns were hauled out, and the colors of Swett's (Mississippi) battery and 119 stand of small-arms captured by the regiment. Officers and men all acted with the utmost gallantry. The loss of the regiment in the engagement is 2 killed, 5 wounded, 1 missing; total loss, 8. September 2, at 9 a.m., the enemy having disappeared from our front, the command moved forward to the railroad, then into Jonesborough, where the regiment went into camp and intrenched. September 3,4,5, remained in camp at Jonesborough, Ga.*

Very respectfully,

J. B. CAHILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. P. HOLLERS,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

No. 129.

Report of Colonel William B. Anderson, Sixtieth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTIETH ILLINOIS VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Camp at Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, dated Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864, I have the honor to

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 1 officer and 19 men killed, 43 men wounded, and 4 men captured; total, 67.

---------------

