
submit the following report of the movements of my command during the campaign just ended, beginning on the 2nd day of May, 1864, and ending on the 1st day of September, 1864, inclusive:

May 2, in obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, the Sixtieth Illinois Veteran Volunteers struck tents at Rossville, Ga., and moved out on the Chattanooga and Ringgold road in the direction of Ringgold, marched to Ringgold and encamped for the night. May 5, moved at daybreak through Taylor's Gap, advanced to Stone Church, and deployed four companies as skirmishers, keeping the remaining six companies in reserve, and drove the enemy from an eminence one mile in our front; the regiment held its position for the night. May 7, moved through the town of Tunnel Hill, Ga., and took up position on Tunnel Hill Ridge, the enemy being one mile distant. May 9, moved at daybreak to the foot of Rocky Face Ridge; was ordered to deploy five companies as skirmishers, the remaining five companies being held in reserve. We advanced upon the enemy, driving them to the top of the mountain; my men being greatly exposed to the enemy's fire, our loss was heavy, having lost 30 men killed and wounded, including 1 commissioned officer. May 12, made a flank movement to the right, passing through Snake [Creek] Gap at dark. During the engagement at Resaca my regiment was held in reserve. May 15, took up position on the left of the Fifteenth Corps in the front line. May 16, the enemy having evacuated, we took up line of march in the direction of Rome, Ga. May 18, reached Rome. May 24, moved from Rome in the direction of Van Wert, marching eighteen miles, and encamped for the night at [Peak's] Spring. May 26, moved to Dallas, Ga., passing through the town and camping on the hills beyond, where we found the enemy strongly intrenched. May 30, 1 commissioned officer wounded while on skirmish line. June 1, abandoned our works and moved to the left. Nothing of importance transpired until the 19th. June 19, my regiment advanced as skirmishers; met the enemy in heavy force on Kenesaw Mountain; we lost 1 killed and 7 wounded, including 1 commissioned officer wounded. June 20, while encamped near the foot of Kenesaw, lost 5 enlisted men, wounded in camp. June 23, lost 2 enlisted men, wounded in camp. June 24, 1 enlisted man killed while on picket. June 26, moved from Kenesaw, and took position to the left. June 28, 2 enlisted men mortally wounded by shell in camp. July 3, the enemy having evacuated during the night, we pursued them at daybreak of the 3d, overtaking them at night-fall strongly intrenched. July 4, my regiment on the skirmish line; received order to advance the line, and, if possible, carry the enemy's rifle-pits; assaulted them, and advanced to within 100 yards of their pits, and finding it impossible to carry their works, we held our position under a galling fire, with a loss of 6 enlisted men killed and 21 wounded. July 5, the enemy abandoned their works and retreated to the Chattahoochee; we pursued them closely and took position immediately in their front, and remained in camp until July 17, nothing of importance transpiring during the time. On the morning of the 17th broke up camp and crossed the Chattahoochee on pontoons at Pace's Ferry. July 20, my regiment, on the skirmish line at Peach Tree Creek, lost 1 commissioned officer killed, 1 enlisted men killed and 1 enlisted man wounded. The enemy having evacuated during the night, we started in pursuit on the morning of the 21st. Nothing of importance transpired in my regiment until

