
August 6, when we were again on the skirmish line; advanced the line to within 100 paces of the enemy's main line of works, losing 3 enlisted men killed and 4 wounded. August 8, my regiment moved and took up position on the extreme right of the army, in order to repel an expected raid of the enemy's cavalry. August 11, moved back to our old position. August 12, relieved the Twelfth Kentucky Infantry, of the Twenty-third Corps, on the front line, in order to extend our brigade lines, that the Twenty-third Corps might move farther to the right; remained in position until August 19, when we were ordered to the right, in support of the Twenty-third Corps; returned to camp at night-fall. August 20, moved to the right, accompanied by other regiments of our brigade, on a raid on the Montgomery railroad; returned to camp in the evening of the same day; remained in camp until the morning of the 27th, when we abandoned our works at 3 a.m. and moved out on the Sandtown road, marched about one mile, and encamped for the night. August 28, moved at daybreak in the direction of the Montgomery railroad; reached there at 4 p.m. without meeting with any opposition, and encamped for the night. August 29, moved at daybreak along the railroad, in the direction of Atlanta; moved two miles, and encamped for the night. August 30, moved at daybreak on the Jonesborough road; moved four miles, and encamped for the night, throwing up works in our front. August 31, moved at 4 p.m. in the direction of Jonesborough; marched one mile, and encamped for the night near General Thomas' headquarters. September 1, moved at 7 a.m. on the Jonesborough road; marched about seven miles and took position; found the enemy strongly intrenched. At 4 p.m. we stormed their works, and carried them without firing a gun, capturing 4 pieces of cannon, 120 prisoners, and a large number of small-arms; our loss was 2 commissioned officers wounded and 2 enlisted men killed, and 16 enlisted men wounded; missing, 1 enlisted man. We not only carried the enemy's works but advanced about 300 paces, and threw up works, and remained for the night; during the night the enemy withdrew from our front. September 2, marched into the town of Jonesborough.

I have the honor to submit, without comment, the foregoing brief facts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. ANDERSON,

Colonel Sixth Illinois Infantry.

Captain T. WISEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 130.

Report of Colonel Charles M. Lum, Tenth Michigan Infantry, of operations May 16-August 27.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT MICHIGAN VET. INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 8, 1864.

The Tenth Regiment Michigan Veteran Infantry reached Resaca, Ga., on the 16th day of May, 1864, after having marched steadily for twenty days previous, and joined the First Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, in the early part of the day, just as our

