
division was starting for Rome, Ga., and, although the regiment had already marched five miles with heavy knapsacks, they kept pace readily with the column, which moved rapidly through Snake Creek Gap and toward Rome, a distance of fifteen miles, making a twenty miles for the Tenth Michigan. Halted at 9 p.m. May 17, left camp at 6.30 a.m. and marched toward Rome, Ga. During the engagement which occurred near Rome, when the head of column struck the rebel army defending the town, we were held in reserve, as our brigade was in rear of the column in the order of march. At 8.30 p.m. moved to the right and front one and a half miles, and bivouacked until morning. May 18, moved out just after daybreak in a dense fog, which rendered it impossible to see but a few rods, and formed in line of battle in rear of the picket-line, threw out skirmishers, and moved forward, obliquing to the right until we came in sight of rebel earth-works on a hill in a strong position. We soon ascertained that these were deserted, and we moved to the top of the hill, where the enemy began shelling our line, while our skirmishers advanced to the Coosa River and found the enemy's skirmishers on the opposite side. The regiment moved, under cover of a hill, in a piece of woods, while our battery came up on the hill and silenced the enemy. At night our regiment went on picket, where we remained until 2.30 p.m. of May 20, hearing many exciting rumors of Forrest and Wheeler being about to attack our lines, which all proved false. May 20, at 2.30 p.m., being relieved from two days' picketing, made camp near Coosa River, being one mile from Rome, which lay on the opposite bank. May 22, at 2.30 p.m. left camp and moved across the Etowah River on pontoon-boats, and took position on a high, steep ridge on the south bank of the Coosa River. Distance marched, three miles. May 23, moved camp at 9 a.m. nearly a mile farther from town and made camp in a pine grove, and drew rations of hard bread, which was welcome, for we had been subsisting for several days on corn and oat-meal from the stores captured in Rome, which change of diet had made many of us sick. Received orders to be ready to march at 5 a.m. to-morrow morning. May 24, left camp at 5 a.m. and marched out on the Atlanta road, moving rapidly with but little rest until 12.15 p.m., when we halted in a forest of the long-leaved pine, where there was no water, except a well about 100 rods from the road, which was thronged by thousands of soldiers from all parts of the column; nor had we found any water, save a few stagnant pools, for two or three miles back. Got dinner as best we could. At 3 p.m. moved on and still found no water until we reached Peak's Spring, some five miles from where we halted at noon. Here was water enough for the whole army; bivouacked for the night. A heavy thunder-shower came up just after dark, drenching us to the skin. May 25, left camp at 7.30 a.m. and marched slowly toward Dallas, Ga. Halted at 11.30 a.m. to get dinner; again in a forest of long-leaved pine. Water was very scarce for several miles in the morning. Moved on at 2 p.m. over a very hilly country, and at 8 p.m. encamped in a field of rye while the rain was falling in torrents and it was dark as blackest night; marched fifteen miles. It is reported that we are within five miles of Dallas. May 26, left camp 7 a.m. and marched, as we supposed, toward Dallas for two and a half miles over all the moderate sized big hills that could be crowded into that distance, and halted on the side of one of them until 10.30 a.m., and countermarched,

