
marched, or retraced our steps, and, passing by our camp of last night, marched on another road to Dallas, Ga., which we reached at 2 p.m., and, passing through, formed in line of battle one-half mile beyond and furnished pickets for our brigade front. The regiment lay on arms in line of battle; distance marched, eleven miles. May 27, at 6.30 a.m. charged our position and formed a new line of battle one-quarter of a mile to right and front of the last, and again at 9 a.m. moved one-quarter mile nearly to the right, and lay in line of battle all day. May 28, we have skirmishers out again in front and the skirmish fire as very brisk; regiment still remains in line of battle. May 29, in line of battle near Dallas, Ga., until just after dark, when we received orders to and moved out to the right and took position, supporting a battery, where we lay all night, while the rebels charged four times on our lines and were repulsed each time. Our men were very cool, many of them resting amid the fiercest fighting, unless ordered to fall in, when every man was in his place in an instant; lay in line of battle all night. May 30, at daybreak, moved back to our line of yesterday, and lay quietly in line all day. May 31, in line of battle near Dallas, Ga. Nothing of note occurred save that the enemy threw a few shells near our position, some bursting among us, but doing no harm.

June 1, left our position at 6.30 a.m. and moved out toward the main road, where we were delayed until 9 a.m. by the right of the army moving to the left, when we moved toward the left of the army, and at 12 m. halted and remained until 3.30 p.m., and moved on to the rear of the Twenty-third Army Corps, and formed line of battle on a ridge three-quarters of a mile in rear of front lines, and supposed we were to remain until morning, but at 9 p.m. were ordered to the works, where we relieved a part of the Twenty-third Army Corps. Distance marched, ten miles. Our skirmishers covered the withdrawing of our brigade in the morning without loss. June 2 and 3, lay in works eight miles from Dallas, Ga. Lost 1 man by sharpshooting of the enemy. June 4, were relieved at 4.30 a.m., and marched to the ridge on which we halted the evening of June 1, and prepared breakfast. At 10 a.m. moved toward the left one mile and a half, and made camp on Stoneman's Hill, where we remained until June 6. June 6, left camp at 8 a.m. and moved slowly with the column in pursuit of the enemy. At 4.30 p.m. formed line of battle, and received orders to throw up breast-works and put out pickets in our front. Threw up works and remained in this position, doing picket duty until June 10. Distance marched on the 6th, eight miles. Our position here is near Acworth, Ga. June 10, left camp at 6.20 a.m. and marched nearly south; were in rear and had to move slowly. A heavy thunder shower came up at noon, which drenched us thoroughly, and as we had but fairly got started until this was done (on account of trains), we had to march over the worst roads we had yet seen, and some of the time very rapidly. Halted at 3.30 p.m.; had made only about four miles and a half, but were more exhausted than if we had made fifteen miles on good roads. June 11, left camp at 9.30 a.m.; marched two miles and halted and put up camp to remain over night, as we supposed, but just as tents were fairly pitched an order came to fall in, and we moved out in double column, halting every few rods, and it was dark before the movement was completed, when we halted, and in the midst of a rain-storm pitched camp only a half mile from that of noon. Distance marched, tree miles. Lay here until June 14.

