
a part of the rebel picket-line and picked up stragglers, after crossing their works, to the number of 50 prisoners. Advanced six miles, and halted at sunset and remained until morning. July 6, threw up earth-works, and had just got them nicely completed, when we were relieved by troops from the Twentieth Army Corps at 4 p.m., and we moved one-quarter of a mile to the left and rear and bivouacked for the night. July 7, moved one-quarter of a mile to the left and rear, and pitched our camp in a pleasant grove of young pine trees. Here we remained doing picket duty until the 17th of July. July 9, five companies went on picket in front of the rebel works. July 10, at 2.30 a.m. our watchful sentinels, judging from the slackened fire of the enemy's pickets, and from other circumstances, concluded that the rebels were gone, and sending a reconnoitering party forward, our pickets advanced and found that the enemy had just left. Our pickets advanced long before those on either our right or left, and deploying skirmished to the river, where we found the railroad bridge nearly destroyed by fire, and as day broke we could see long columns of rebel troops moving on the opposite bank. We were exposed to a raking fire from their pickets just across the river, and falling back a few yards, a portion of our pickets remained on duty until 9 p.m. with the reserve in a ravine safe from the enemy's fire, while the posts gave them shot for shot. The remainder of our picket force returned to camp, where they arrived at 12 m. much exhausted; picked up 23 deserters. July 17, left camp at 5 a.m., and marched toward the left of our lines, halting quite often, and at 10.30 a.m., halted in column by division one-half mile distant from the Chattahoochee River, and three and a half miles from camp. At 11.30 a.m. moved toward the river, crossing on pontoon bridge at 12 m. Halted at about a half mile from the river in column by division as support for skirmishers. During a slight panic, occasioned by a part of our skirmish line being pressed back, when a part of one regiment broke and ran to the rear, our regiment stood steady, grasping their arms ready in an instant for anything which might come. Near night moved about one and a half miles from the river and threw up works. July 18, moved at 3 p.m. to the front, through an unbroken forest, passing by a circuitous route rapidly over a rough country some two and a half miles, forming twice in line of battle. At the last place threw up breast-works and pitched camp. July 19, laid at our works until 2.45 p.m., when we moved toward the right, nearly to the picket-lines of the enemy, and halted in column by division and waited for further orders. These came a little later in the p.m., when we moved carefully to a concealed position near the rebel lines, which we found to be strong earth-works on a very steep bluff, between which and our position, a creek, known as Peach Tree Creek, ran. Threw out a detail of thirty men as sharpshooters to examine the position of the enemy, and ascertain as nearly as possible the nature of the ground over which we were to pass, as we expected to charge the enemy's works. Our sharpshooters advanced boldly to within a short distance of the bluff, and found it to be impracticable to charge the works, on account of the depth and rapidity of the creek and the steepness of the bluff. Several of our sharpshooters were hit by the rebels, who kept up a very hot fire, and 1 was killed before dark. After dusk three companies were sent out to advance the picket-lines, and they, together with the sharpshooters, threw up rifle-pits. One company took position in a grist-mill (which our sharpshooters had

