
reached before dark), only a few rods from the rebel works. When morning broke, a hot fire was opened on both sides and in our front; not a Johnnie was in showing a hand above his works; but from a flanking position they raked the ground, so that it was not safe for one of our men to leave his pit. Several of our men were wounded, and some killed, and we killed many of them, as next day's reconnaissance proved. Just before sundown is was found that the rebels were trying to leave, and Major Burnett, who had command of the pickets, lost not a moment in ascertaining the real state of affairs, and a volunteer "forlorn hope" proceeded under his direction to examine the works by moving to a point where they could look into them. It was found that they were nearly all gone, and immediately throwing forward the picket force, Major Burnett pursued them some distance, when our regiment was relieved from duty, and the picket force fell back to the works which the regiment had thrown up during the day. Our whole loss was 20 killed and wounded, among whom were Lieutenant Teal, killed, and Lieutenant Welling, wounded. July 21, made a reconnaissance, crossing Peach Tree Creek by fording, and were on skirmish line all day, pressing the enemy back toward Atlanta some two and a half miles, and at night returned to the works we threw up on the 18th of July. July 22, had the promise of lying still to-day, but at 10.30 a.m. an order came to be ready to move immediately, with information that Atlanta was in the possession of our army. Moved to within three and a half miles (west) of Atlanta, and bivouacked in a piece of woods. July 23, moved one-half mile and threw up breast-works on the right flank of our lines. Here we remained until the 27th. July 27, received orders to be ready to move in light order at 6 a.m. Movement delayed until 1.15 p.m., when we moved out and assisted in advancing our lines to the right and front, and returned to camp at dusk. July 28, moved out of camp at 9 a.m. with everything, and made a reconnaissance with our division, marching nearly to Sandtown, and then returning nearly to our camp, passing one mile to the right, halted at midnight, after one of the hardest day and night marches we ever made. Scarcely were the arms stacked before every man was asleep, never stopping to taste supper. July 29, lay in the hot sun (a part of the time under arms, on account of tardiness of moving out after we were ordered to fall in) until noon. Moved out rapidly to the right and front of our works, where our regiment was thrown out as skirmishers, and we pressed the rebel skirmish line back one and a half miles, capturing several arms and some clothing, which they were obliged to abandon on account of the rapidity of our movements. Regiment was kept on picket until morning. July 30, after coming off picket, we were just ready to pitch camp, when we were ordered to be ready to move, and at noon moved to the right and front, and threw up breast-works. July 31, moved out toward the Macon railroad nearly a mile, and acted as support while a movement was made toward the railroad by our skirmish line. Returned to camp at dusk.

August 1,2, and 3, lay in camp. August 4, moved out in light order to the same point as on the 31st ultimo, and advancing a little beyond, remained until dark. Our regiment was then put on the skirmish line, and advanced over an exceedingly rough, hilly, and woody country, driving the enemy back about one mile. At 11 p.m. halted and established picket-line as best we could, for it was very dark. The enemy was stubborn, and it was hot work a part

