
of the time. August 5, still on skirmish line. Advanced, and drove the rebels from a strong position, pressing them back one-half mile. August 6, sent back to camp and brought up knapsacks and camp equipage, and were immediately ordered out, and moved into the breast-works of the Sixtieth Illinois Infantry (who were on picket), while a demonstration was made against the rebel lines. Just before sundown sent a detail to put up works on our own lines, and they began and partly completed them in a soaking rain. August 7, completed works. Rebels shelled us some, as they had for the past three days a good share of the time. A little after noon were moved out in great haste, in light order, and assisted in pressing back the enemy and taking two lines of their works; threw up earth-works; pitched camp. August 8, a little after noon moved out in light order to the right and rear of our lines, and threw up works on the right flank of our lines, and remained, without tents, until August 11. August 11, moved into camp from our position two miles out on the right flank. August 12, moved at daylight one-half mile to the right, and relieved a part of the Twenty-third Army Corps, and pitched camp, with a battery between the right and left wings of our regiment. Here we remained until the 19th, doing picket duty, and we had to be very vigilant, for the picket-line was only a few roads in front of the works. August 19, marched two miles to right and rear, and halted some time in close column by division; then moved back toward camp one-half mile and changed direction, moving to front, and, having reached the right of our lines, remained in close column by division until nearly sundown, as support for Twenty-third Army Corps, who were advancing the lines; returned to camp after dark; marched seven and a half miles. August 20, moved out to position of yesterday (leaving camp long before day) and took breakfast, then moved four miles to the right and front, assisting to advance the lines. At 1.45 p.m. formed line of battle near the Montgomery railroad, and threw up temporary breast-works, in a driving rain; put out pickets in our front, and remained until 2.20 p.m., when we moved back to camp, arriving a little before dark, having marched fifteen miles; were very much exhausted. August 21, right wing moved to the left, and took the place of the battery, which had moved out. Until the 27th remained quietly in camp, doing picket duty in our front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES M. LUM,

Colonel Tenth Regiment Michigan Veteran Infantry.

Captain T. WISEMAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

No. 131.

Report of Captain William H. Dunphy, Tenth Michigan Infantry, of operations August 27-September 8.
HDQRS. TENTH Regiment MICHIGAN VET. INFANTRY,Camp near Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

At 12 o'clock, midnight of last night, August 27, the rebels shelled our camp, and at 2.30 a.m. the order to move (which we had been waiting on since dusk last eye) came, and we moved half a

