
mile to the left and halted until nearly day. Moved on just as a heavy storm of rain came up, which delayed daybreak some time; as it was very dark the column moved only very slowly until we were nearly a mile farther out on the Sandtown road, when daylight came, and moving on, we took position on a steep knob about two miles from camp (by the route we came) and prepared breakfast. Five companies of our regiment were on the picket-line and covered the retreat (or removal) of our lines. The enemy followed up very closely and our skirmishers had warm work with them at times, but they did not succeed in taking one of our men. After getting breakfast we moved nearly a mile farther to the right and threw up works. Pitched camp. August 28, moved out at 5.20 a.m. and marched very rapidly for four miles (halting once) and then formed in close column by division and got breakfast. Much of the distance this a.m. was exposed, so that it was necessary to throw out flankers deployed on our left. After breakfast moved in a south-southeast, then southeast, course to the Montgomery railroad, which we struck at 3 p.m. and halted and pitched camp just after crossing it. After dark received orders to march immediately, and moved out onto the road, when the order was countermanded and we returned to camp. Marched nine miles. August 29, moved out at for one mile and a half and threw up works and got breakfast. Soon after breakfast an order came to move out in light order on a reconnaissance, and we fell in immediately and took a course due east over a rough country to a church on a road leading to Atlanta. When nearly to our destination our skirmishers ran upon a body of rebel cavalry whom they forced to retreat so suddenly that we captured 15 of their horses and mules, even after they had untied them but dare not mount. Took 1 man prisoner and wounded 2 more. Captured 30 small-arms and several cavalry horse equipments, among which was also a captain's full outfit. The object of this movement was to open a new road, and it was our intention to return by the same route and cut out the road, but a short time after the rout of the rebel cavalry they returned greatly re-enforced so as to be much superior in numbers to our regiment, and they took position in line of battle in our rear, which cut us off from our army, and it was useless to think of fighting such vastly superior numbers; and it was only by skillful maneuvering that we were enabled to reach our camp at all, but by a circuitous route we returned to within three-quarters of a mile of camp, when we halted and sent back a detail of pioneers, with skirmishers to cover their movements, who cut the road for about one mile. The regiment then returned to camp a little before dark. For the success of this movement we were highly complimented by the officers of our brigade and division. August 30, moved out in advance of the column, taking the same route as yesterday, and completed the cutting of the road clear through. Had five companies out as skirmishers, but met with but little resistance; took 2 prisoners. After getting dinner moved in an easterly course some three miles and a half, and halted and pitched camp in a pleasant grove. Marched seven miles. August 31, lay in camp until noon, then marched one-quarter of a mile to the right and occupied breast-works of troops which had marched out. Soon after, ordered out with everything and marched two miles to the right and formed line of battle, and bivouacked for the night.

43 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

