
September 1, marched at 7 a.m. toward Jonesborough, and after marching some five miles halted on the right of the road in a low piece of ground, for the rebels were shelling the column, which was advancing along their lines. After halting a short time we were moved across to the left of the road, and passing some distance in rear of our lines (which were rapidly forming in front of the rebel works), we halted in a piece of young-growth oak and pine, and were placed in line with the rest of our brigade to act as a support for a charging force which was to move on the rebel lines. We then advanced in line of battle through a corn-field, then a piece of thick woods, then through a swamp, and crossing a low piece of land in an open field, halted and reformed our lines under a brisk fire from the enemy, for they had got deranged while passing the swamp. Lying down here we were for some moments exposed to the fire of musketry and artillery, for the enemy had seen our advance. We then raised up and moved steadily to the front in line of battle, just as the charging force assailed the works. Our line was unbroken until we reached a belt of tangled briars, which, on the right, was several rods in width, and detained the four right companies much longer than the left, who had only a narrow strip to cross. By this time our men could only see what was in their front, and the six left companies pressed quickly on, for the charging force had broken and was returning in confusion to the rear. Our line soon reached the edge of the timber, where the first had broken, and went steadily forward and routed the enemy, and did not halt until reaching the second line of works. Here for a short interval they fought over the rebel works, calling upon the enemy to surrender. It was at this time that our brave Major Burnett, commanding the regiment, fell, with his head pierced by a rebel ball, just as he was about to cheer his men on to cross the works. Captain Dunphy then gave the order to cross the works, and over out men went, compelling the enemy to surrender only in a hand-to-hand fight; then moving toward the railroad in rear of the rebel lines we compelled the rebels to quit the trenches only at the point of the bayonet. At these works there was no charging force in front, it having broken and run some time before, and they had a flank fire on our men before we crossed the works. Colonel Lee, of the Second Kentucky Infantry, surrendered his regiment to Captain Dunphy. Parts of the Sixth and Ninth Kentucky Infantry, and some of two Arkansas regiments of infantry, were among the prisoners taken by us, which in all amounted to nearly 400, and 1 stand of colors (Sixth Kentucky); the Second Kentucky tore their colors to shreds, so it should not be taken by us. The four right companies moved forward in their proper place, guiding right, as ordered, but on reaching the first line of works found the support all halted there, and hence could move no farther. Therefore, it will be seen that they performed their whole duty, but the charging force did not break in their front. But this was a costly victory for us. Our whole loss was a major and second lieutenant killed, and 2 captains wounded (one mortally), and 2 lieutenants wounded (one acting adjutant), and 71 enlisted men killed and wounded. We lay all night on the battle-field, with the dead around and among us. Our position was at the first line of rebel works, which we turned against them after the fight. September 2, marched (after burying our dead) to Jonesborough, and then were put out on picket on the railroad, where we remained

