
until 4 p.m. of September 3, when we joined the brigade at Jonesborough and pitched camp. September 4 and 5, lay in camp. September 6, moved out of camp at 8 a.m., and formed line of battle, facing to rear, close to camp, and lay until noon. Moved out one and a half miles in p.m., and formed line of battle and pitched camp. September 7, moved out of camp at 7 a.m. and marched toward Atlanta eight miles; halted at 1 p.m. and pitched camp; sent five companies out on picket. September 8, marched out of camp at 7 a.m. toward the Atlanta road; halted a half mile out and our brigade was massed in column by division, and General Morgan, commanding division, read to us congratulatory orders respecting the fall of Atlanta from President Abraham Lincoln, General U. S. Grant, and General Sherman. Moved on, and at 1.30 p.m. halted and established a regular camp at White Hall, Ga., two miles from Atlanta, Ga.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. DUNPHY,

Captain, Commanding Tenth Regiment Michigan Infty.

Lieutenant JOHN P. HOLLERS,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

No. 132.

Reports of Colonel Henry R. Mizner, Fourteenth Michigan Infantry, of operations June 4-September 5.

CAMP FOURTEENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY,

Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have to report the participation of the Fourteenth Michigan Infantry in the campaign up to the 24th of August:

My regiment joined its brigade on the 4th of June, having been detained at Bridgeport, Tenn., twelve days, by order of Major-General Rousseau, of which General Rousseau assured me he would telegraph Brigadier-General Whipple, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff, Department of the Cumberland. General Whipple soon after my arrival, stated to me that my explanation and action were entirely satisfactory. My regiment has continued with the brigade in its usual routine of duty. On the 13th of June, my regiment having the advance, was in part deployed as skirmishers, near the Marietta road, where I had 2 men wounded. On the 17th of June on skirmish line, near some point, 2 men were wounded. On the 23rd of June, in demonstration at Kenesaw Mountain, 2 men were killed and 2 wounded. On the 5th of July my regiment was deployed as skirmishers, and ordered to drive the enemy from their line of rifle-pits north of the Chattahoochee River. This we accomplished, driving the enemy to their main works. My loss was 6 men killed, 1 commissioned officer and 16 men wounded. On the 6th of July, in attempting to force the right of my line, my loss was 1 man killed, 14 wounded. On the 5th of August my bugler was killed on the march. On the 7th of August my regiment was again

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows 5 officers and 26 men killed, and 4 officers and 90 men wounded, during the campaign.

---------------

