
on the skirmish line, advancing nearly a mile, with a loss of 7 men killed, 32 wounded, capturing 2 officers and 34 men. On the 8th First Lieutenant Kirk was killed in camp. My total killed and wounded for the period named, June 4 to August 24, is 17 men killed, 1 officer killed, 1 officer wounded, and 89 men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY R. MIZNER,

Colonel Fourteenth Michigan Infantry.

Captain T. WISEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP FOURTEENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY,

Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have to report the participation of the Fourteenth Michigan Infantry in the campaign from August 24 to date:

On the 1st of September my regiment advanced with its brigade, assaulted and carried the enemy's works, capturing Brigadier-General Govan, who surrendered his command to First Sergt. Patrick Irwin, of my regiment. I know that my regiment was the first to enter the enemy's works and capture 8 pieces of artillery, with caissons, and the battle-flag of the First Arkansas, but have observed so much feeling, and so many conflicting claims, that I do not desire to press the subject, for I certainly have no wish to detract from any regiment, but feel that the entire brigade and division did nobly. My loss was 2 men killed, 3 officers, and 25 men wounded. We captured also 4 mules, 3 single harness, and many small-arms, which have been duly turned over.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY R. MIZNER,

Colonel Fourteenth Michigan Infantry.

Lieutenant JOHN P. HOLLERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 133.

Report of Major Joel O. Martin, Seventeenth New York Infantry, of operations September 1.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH Regiment NEW YORK VET. VOLS.,Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report in regard to the part taken by my regiment in the action of September 1:

The regiment, under command of Colonel William T. C. Grower, joined this command August 21, and accompanied it in its several marched till the p.m. of the 1st instant, nothing of especial interest occurring. Between 3 and 4 p.m. of the 1st instant the regiment was formed in rear of the Tenth Michigan, about one mile from the railroad, northeast of Jonesborough, Ga., and moved forward toward the enemy's works. The regiments in our front moved to the

