
brigade. June 5, relieved brigade of General Williams' division. June 6, took up line two miles west of Big Shanty. June 7, 8, and 9, position unchanged. June 10, advanced line and faced due south. June 11, advanced line, and intrenched one and half miles north of Kenesaw Mountain. June 12, affairs unchanged; skirmishing constant. June 13, advanced skirmish line and captured prisoners. June 14, moved to the left and intrenched on the Western and Atlantic Railroad, my left connecting with Sixteenth Army Corps. June 15, advanced skirmish line one-half mile. June 16, 17, and 18, no important change. June 19, main line advanced and intrenched at the base of Kenesaw Mountain. June 20, 21, 22, 23, and 24, position unchanged; all the time under a terrible fire of musketry and artillery; loss severe. June 25, relieved at midnight by a portion of General Harrow's division, Fifteenth Army Corps; marched to our right, and bivouacked at daylight. June 26, remained in camp. June 27, received orders to assault the enemy's works at 8 a.m. The ground over which the assaulting column was to pass was hilly, with thick belts of trees interspersed, while the valleys were low and marshy. The distance to be passed was little less than one-half mile. The Thirty-fourth Illinois was deployed as skirmishers, and ordered to advance to the enemy's main works. The assaulting force was formed in column of regiments, the One hundred and thirteenth Ohio in advance, my brigade on the right of Colonel McCook's and the extreme right of the line. The signal was given and the line sprang from the trenches at 8.30 a.m. The enemy's skirmishers were all killed or captured, the first line of rifle-pits taken, and the column passed to the last thin belt of trees separating us from the main works. As the column reached this point-the fire which had before been very heavy, now became terrific-it was subjected to an enfilading fire of artillery and musketry. Still the column moved on, the summit of the hill was gained, the works were reached, but we could not pass them. A few of my men did get through the dense abatis, succeeded in scaling the works, and are now held as prisoners, but no continuous line could have done so. We fell back until covered by the crest of the hill, and with bayonets and tin cups threw up a line of works within forty paces of the enemy. Our failure to succeed in this assault is owing to the following facts: First, the distance to be passed was too great; second, the excessive heat; third, inadequate support on right flank. Our loss was very heavy, especially in the two regiments in the front line, the One hundred and twenty-first Ohio having deployed, as was ordered, to the right the moment the One hundred and thirteenth Ohio reached the works; these two regiments lost nearly one-half of their force. The conduct of Colonel H. B. Banning was particularly conspicuous during the entire day. June 28, 29, and 30, July 1 and 2, no material change in position. Continued to advance my lines by system of gradual approaches, keeping up constant firing; were much annoyed by the enemy's sharpshooters.

July 3, at 2 a.m. the enemy evacuated his works. We followed and passed to the right of Marietta, near which point the enemy had taken new lines. July 4, position unchanged. July 5, enemy evacuated last night; at daylight started in pursuit and at 2 p.m. came upon him, south of Marietta and Atlanta road; intrenched nine and a half miles from Atlanta, one-half mile south of Atlantic and Western Railroad. July 5 to 17, general features unchanged; constant

