
skirmishing and artillery firing. July 17, at 5 a.m. crossed Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry, took position, and advanced skirmish line with but little resistance of Nancy's Creek. July 18, advanced to Peach Tree Creek, right resting on the Chattahoochee. July 19, ordered across Peach Tree Creek to support Third Brigade, which was being heavily pressed; crossed my command on logs and rafts, threw forward the Thirty-fourth Illinois to check the enemy, attempting to turn the left flank, and then moved the Seventy-eight Illinois and Ninety-eight Ohio to the left of the Third Brigade main lines and intrenched them. In this affair our loss was considerable. July 20, heavy firing all day from our main works, finally compelling the enemy to entire. July 21, made reconnaissance with One hundred and thirteenth Ohio to Atlanta road, with one-half mile of Chattahoochee bridge; discovered enemy in strength. July 22, advanced at 12 m. to within two and one-fourth miles of Atlanta, crossed Proctor's Creek, formed line parallel with Turner's Ferry road. July 23 to 28, aspect unchanged; firing constant. July 28, made reconnaissance to Turner's Ferry and back to right of General Howard's right; skirmishing heavy; loss slight. July 29, advanced to White Hall road; intrenched. July 30, moved one mile to the right and intrenched. July 31, reconnaissance to Utoy Creek; enemy in force.

August 1,2, and 3, position unchanged. August 4, moved southeast one mile. August 5, advanced, bearing left and facing eastward; took position under heavy artillery fire. August 6, position unchanged; enemy's artillery enfilading my line entirely; number of men wounded. August 7, advanced skirmishers and captured lines of rifle-pits, prisoners, arms, &amp;c.; during the night strongly intrenched Seventy-eighth Illinois and Barnett's battery on picket-line within 300 yards of the enemy's works. August 8, 9, 10, and 11, general appearance unchanged; firing constant. August 12, moved to the right and relieved portion to Twenty-third Corps east of Sandtown road. August 13 to 19, unchanged. August 19 and 20, held entire division front with my brigade, returning to our camp at night. August 21 to 27, no material change; firing constant. August 27, moved south of Utoy Creek at 4 a.m. August 28, moved across the Montgomery railroad one mile to the southeast. August 29, assisted in destroying railroad. August 30, marched at 6 a.m.; went into camp half way between Jonesborough and Rough and Ready. August 31, marched to one and a half miles of Macon railroad.

September 1, moved down the main Jonesborough road and formed line in center of division on range of hills north of the town. The Ninety-eighth Ohio was deployed as skirmishers; the Seventy-eighth Illinois and One hundred and twenty-first Ohio in the front, the Thirty-fourth Illinois and One hundred and twenty-first Ohio in the rear line. About 2 p.m. the line began to move; the ground was an open corn-field and hilly; we moved as steadily as men ever moved directly upon the enemy's works, under a galling fire from the batteries and the strongly intrenched infantry lines. When within twenty yards of their works the last section of their artillery was discharged, sweeping away a platoon of the Seventy-eighth Illinois Regiment; the line closed more firmly to the left, and in one instant more was over the works, capturing an entire battery of 12-pounder Napoleon guns, the commanding officer, and

