
prisoners during the charge; some of my men pursuing the retreating foe so far as to die within twenty feet of the rebel works. Corpl. George Phipps, of Company A, carrying the colors, pressed forward with the intention of planting the Stars and Stripes on the enemy's works, but was wounded before he could accomplish his design; wounded as he was, he brought off the colors, when the skirmishers were ordered back, until a second shot compelled him to drop them, when Lieutenant Teeter carried them from the field. The skirmishers fell back, by order of Colonel Mitchell, to reform behind the works; my loss was 6 men killed, 28 wounded, and 1 missing. On the 29th of June Companies A, F, I, and B were sent out in charge of Captain Ege to construct a line of rifle-pits during the night. The works progressed steadily until about 1 o'clock in the morning, when a party of the enemy crept out of their works and poured in a heavy fire from a position not more than twenty yards away, but firing too high to do much damage. Seeing the impossibility of maintaining his ground, Captain Ege, ordered a retreat, which was accomplished with some confusion, losing 2 men seriously wounded. June 30, I was ordered to relive the Ninety-eighth Ohio, then on the front line, remaining under fire in the position left by them until the morning of July 3, when we marched with the brigade in pursuit of the retreating enemy, who had abandoned his works the night before. My regiment was actively employed from this time forward on duty such as would be expected of any troops under similar circumstances, particularly in the action of Peach Tree Creek, July 19, where I had 4 men wounded; taking an honorable part in the siege of Atlanta, in which we lost Captain Amos W. Hostetter, an officer than whom a braver or more trustworthy never drew sword in the defense of the right, who was never absent from his command or duty for more than forty-eight hours at a time during all his term of service, leaving a record behind him of which any officer or man might well be proud. It was ours also to take part in the movement which has repulsed in the capture of Jonesborough and Atlanta, and the defeat and disgrace of the hitherto unconquered division of Cleburne, of the rebel army. It is my pride to point out this last act of our division in this campaign and the part taken by the gallant regiment I have the honor to command, in which they strived to do their duty, and have the consciousness and proof of success.

In the afternoon of September 1 I received orders to move out on the right of the One hundred and twenty-first Ohio, then on the second line of battle. Halting in a ravine after reaching the point designated, I was directed to send the rear ranks of my regiment a short distance to the rear to construct rifle-pits, which left about eighty-five men, rank and file, on the line. Following the first line of battle until it entered the timber, I moved my regiment to the right flank to the assistance of the Seventy-eighth Illinois, which had captured a battery, and which Lieutenant-Colonel Vernon was apprehensive they would be unable to hold. Forming a line at right angle with the rebel works, my men poured a destructive fire into their line. Soon after getting into position the enemy were observed moving a body of troops across our front, apparently with the intention of re-enforcing their line in the works, but the fire of my men and those of other regiments who joined them, forced an abandonment of the plan. Here fell First Sergt. Patrick K. McCarty, one of the bravest of the brave, nobly urging his company to the

