
last to deeds at once the pride and glory of the American soldier. Such of my men as were in action remained under fire until dark, when they were relieved by the One hundred and thirteenth Ohio. About fifty of the men were sent to throw up a line of breast-works on the line we now occupied. My loss in this engagement was 5 enlisted men killed and 14 wounded-Lieutenant M. A. Fuller, of Company I, among the latter number.

I cannot close without adverting to the very superior manner in which Dr. John L. Hostetter has performed the duties of his office. His care and attention for the wounded, as well as that of Chaplain Michael Decker, is worthy of all praise. My heartfelt thanks are due to the officers and men of this regiment for their bravery, fidelity, and prompt discharge of duty, and especially to Captain D. C. Wagner, who, though in feeble health, rendered efficient service at the battle of Kenesaw and in other trying places, during the absence of Major Miller. My hearty acknowledgments are due to Adjt. H. D. Wood for his earnest application to duty all through this arduous campaign; his coolness and efficiency in action deserve earnest commendation.

Respectfully submitted.

OSCAR VAN TASSELL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-fourth Illinois Vet. Vols.

Captain J. S. WILSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

No. 136.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Maris R. Vernon, Seventy-eighth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY,Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report, showing the operations of the Seventy-eighth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, in the campaign commencing May 2, and terminating with the battle of Jonesborough, September 1, and the capture of Atlanta, September 2, 1864:

The regiment broke camp at Rossville, Ga., on the 2nd day of May, with 23 commissioned officers and 516 enlisted men, Colonel Carter Van Vleck commanding. The first day's march brought us to Ringgold, where we remained until the morning of the 7th, when, in the advance upon Tunnell Hill, we first struck the enemy, and after a slight skirmish occupied his works. On the 8th the regiment formed a part of the column that carried the first ledge of hills in front of Rocky Face. The accompanying exhibit* gives a list of the killed and wounded in the regiment in each engagement and skirmish during the campaign. On the 9th the regiment acted as support to an assault made upon Rocky Face. On the 12th moved to the right, passing through Snake Creek Gap; next confronting the enemy at Resaca on the 14th. 15th, we put up our first line of fortifications. 16th, the enemy having fallen back from Resaca, the regiment marched with the division, General Jefferson C. Davis commanding, upon Rome, some forty miles due south. On the afternoon of the 17th skirmished with the enemy, driving him to his

---------------

*Nominal list omitted. See brigade table, p.683.

---------------

