
main line of fortifications before the city. On the morning of the 18th, the enemy having evacuated the place in the night, we went into camp, and remained until the 23d. In the capture of Rome, a considerable amount of stores fell into our possession. Again advancing, we crossed the Etowah, and marched in a southeasterly course, coming up with the enemy on the evening of the 26th at Dallas. The morning of the 27th we moved into position half mile north of the town. At 12 m. changed front, and advanced half mile to the east. The evening of the 28th moved one mile to the left and fortified. 29th, the regiment briskly engaged on the skirmish line. 31st, at 10 p.m. again moved to the left. June 1, under a scorching sun, the whole division moved some five miles to the left, and went into position, relieving a division of the Fourth Corps, the Seventy-eighth on the front line. The enemy's lines being very close here, we had several casualties. On the night of the 3d, the regiment being on skirmish line, repelled an advance of the enemy. On the 4th we again moved to the left. The enemy falling back the night of the 5th, we passed through his works on the following morning, and moved in the direction of Acworth, going into camp some two miles to the southwest of it. After three days' rest we again moved out, and next skirmished with the enemy on the 11th. On the 13th Company B, Lieutenant Woodruff commanding, advanced the skirmish line, capturing 6 prisoners. The skirmishing here for several days passed but that some were killed or wounded. In the advance of the line on the 19th it was found the enemy had taken to his main works on Kenesaw Mountain and around Marietta. Our line was formed at the base of the mountain, where we remained until the night of the 25th, subjected to a continuous shelling from the rebel batteries on Kenesaw, which was alike annoying by day and unseasonable by night. After a night's march the morning of the 26th found us in rear of the Fourth Corps, facing to the east. On the 27th the regiment participated in that ever-memorable assault upon the enemy's works around Kenesaw. By reference to list of killed and wounded you will see that it sustained a heavy loss. Of the commissioned officers, First Lieutenant George A. Brown, Company A, was mortally wounded, and died three days after. Captain William B. Akins, Company K, slight wound in the head by piece of shell, and Captain Thomas L. Howden, Company G, slight in head and back by shell. Though the enemy's works were not carried, yet the line in which the Seventy-eighth advanced held its ground, and intrenched itself less than 100 yards from the enemy's main line of fortifications. Under cover of night our works were strengthened, and we were able to hold them against a charge made by the enemy in the night of the 29th. We occupied this position until the morning of the 3d, when the enemy having again fallen back, we started in pursuit, coming up with his rear guard toward night in a strong position, and well fortified. After the day's march a part of the night was devoted to intrenching. On the 5th we were again following up the enemy's retreating columns, skirmishing all day, and capturing several prisoners. In the evening we went into position, and fortified in sight of, and within musket-range of, his strong defenses on the Chattahoochee. On the 9th the enemy withdrew across the river, and on the following day the regiment went into camp, remaining until the 17th, when it crossed, and advanced one mile in the direction of Atlanta. 18th, moved forward two miles. 19th, crossed Peach Tree Creek at 5 p.m., to

