
support of the Third Brigade; advanced under a flank fire from the enemy, and soon entered into a spirited engagement, lasting until dark, when we put up fortifications within 200 yards of their works. 20th, a continuous fire was kept up to-day on the enemy from our main line, the regiment expending 17,000 rounds of ammunition. The result was he abandoned his works before sunset. 22d, advanced to the Atlanta and Turner's Ferry road, striking it three miles to the west of Atlanta; put up works and remaining in this position until the 28th, when the regiment, with the division, made a reconnaissance to Turner's Ferry, skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry nearly the whole distance, at one time charging and routing a vastly superior number, dismounted and posted behind good defensive works. 29th, advanced the line one mile in front of the Fifteenth Corps and put up fortifications. 30th, again moved to the right and again fortified. 31st, made a reconnaissance to the front, advancing over one mile; then returning to our trenches we rested until the 3rd [August].

August 4, the right was again advanced to-day, the regiment going on the skirmish line at dark. 5th, drove the enemy's pickets back over half a mile, reaching the Sandtown road. Again, on the 8th, at 11 p.m., the regiment advanced to a position in front of the main line and erected works supporting Captain Barnett's battery, in sight of the enemy's lines, and within short range of four of his heavy forts, mounting from four to six guns each. The regiment was relieved from this position on the evening of the 10th and ordered back to the second line of works. On the 11th a calamity, the most melancholy of the campaign, occurred to the regiment. Its beloved commander and honored chief, Colonel Carter Van Vleck, received a mortal wound, from which he died on the evening of the 23d, following. A stray shot from the enemy nearly a mile distant winged its way over two lines of works, selecting for its victim one of the bravest and best of men, the ball striking just above the left eye and penetrating the brain. In his death the regiment lost a faithful commander and the army a brave and valuable officer. No better soldier or more devoted patriot ever drew sword in defense of his country than Colonel Carter Van Vleck. While we here grieve for his loss, a family, before the most happy, now in melancholy mourns his death. Captain William D. Ruddell, also on the 11th of August, received a serious wound in the back of the head from musket-ball. On the 12th the regiment moved with the brigade one mile to the right, going into position, relieving a division of the Twenty-third Corps. We remained here doing our regular picket duty until the 26th, when preparations were made for another move, changing the entire front of the army. At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 27th the whole command was in motion, moving to the right and toward the enemy's rear. 28th, we were on the march again this morning at daylight; at 3 p.m. crossed the Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad some six miles west of East Point. Passing one mile to the south of the railroad, bivouacked for the night and fortified. 29th, the regiment advanced out two miles due east on a reconnaissance and to protect the operations of destroying the railroad; returned to the brigade at 4 p.m. 30th, we marched to-day in a southerly course a distance of ten miles, occupying a position at night three miles east of the Macon railroad and some six miles north of Jonesborough, the regiment going on the skirmish line at sunset. 31st, advanced a distance of two miles to the main wagon

44 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

