
has lost one of its best soldiers and the country one of its best citizens. Brave and prompt in the execution of all his duties, as an officer his loss to his company and regiment is almost irreparable. At night the regiment was relieved by the Thirty-fourth Illinois, and moving to the rear a short distance, bivouacked for the night. Next morning (6th) went into camp two miles north of the river, and there remained, doing no other duty than that of picket until the 17th, when we, with the division, crossed the river, and after marching a short distance, bivouacked for the night. On the following day (18th) marched but a short distance and bivouacked near Peach Tree Creek, where we remained until the afternoon of the following day, when we were ordered to go to the support of the Third Brigade, which had become very warmly engaged with the enemy beyond the creek, and was nearly surrounded. Coming to the creek we crossed it under a heavy fire of musketry, and, in obedience to orders from Colonel Mitchell, commanding our brigade, the regiment was formed in division column and marched across an open field to the rear of the Seventy-eighth Illinois, which had taken position already on the bluff. In crossing the field, Sergeant Hindman, Company D, was killed. Soon we received orders to intrench and to work; we went on the left of the Seventy-eighth Illinois, and under a heavy fire from the enemy; Company C was detailed as skirmishers. On the morning of the 20th Captain John A. Norris, Company C, while going out to visit the left of the skirmish line, was wounded through the right knee joint so severely as to render immediate amputation necessary to save life. The captain is one among competent officers in the service. Early in the morning heavy skirmishing commenced and continued until the middle of the afternoon, when the skirmishers (Company H being a part of them) advanced, and, with the aid of the battery on the right, drove the enemy away and took possession of their works. Here we remained until the noon of the 22d, when the brigade moved to the extreme right and took position on a high hill, and intrenched. At this place we remained until 9 a.m. of the 28th, when the regiment, with the others of the brigade, made a reconnaissance to Turner's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River, returning at night-fall; encamped a short distance from where we started in the morning. On the following morning moved out and relieved a part of the First Division, then in the works on the front line, and in the afternoon moved out to the Green's Ferry road and intrenched, and there remained until the following day, when we were relieved by a portion of the Fifteenth Army Corps, and moved one mile farther to the right and went into camp, where we remained until the 4th of August, when we moved in light marching order to the right of the Twenty-third Army Corps, to protect its flanks, in the advance movement of that day. Here bivouacked for the night, and on the following morning, the 5th, advanced with the brigade toward the Sandtown road, and when near it were ordered to intrench, which we did under one of the heaviest artillery fires of the campaign. Lieutenant George C. Porter, commanding Company D, was struck by a fragment of a shell, severely wounding him. At this place the regiment remained until the 12th. A portion of the regiment, under command of Lieutenant Craft, Company B, being on the skirmish line on the 7th, advanced and captured three lines of the enemy's works and many prisoners. The conduct of the officer in command and men in this charge was gallant and meritorious of much praise. Henry T. Albaugh, Company I, was

