
killed, John Holmes, Company C, wounded, and W. I. Giles, Company C, wounded in the head severely, and since died in hospital, and P. Griffith, Company C, missing. On the 12th the regiment with balance of the brigade moved to the right about one mile and relieved a portion of Cox's division, where we remained until the 27th, when the entire division moved about two miles farther to the right. At 4 a.m. 28th moved toward the Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad, which we reached and crossed at 2 p.m., and bivouacked for the night of the right of it. Here we remained until the 30th, when we marched at an nearly hour about six miles and went into camp.

On the 31st, at 11 a.m., we marched toward the Macon railroad and reached the Jonesborough and Atlanta pike at 4 p.m. The regiment that night went into picket, and early next morning rejoined the brigade and marched with it toward Jonesborough. When we arrived within about one mile of the town the enemy opened on us with shell, and Adjutant Reaves of the regiment was struck by the fragment of one on the knee, slightly bruising the skin. A, F, and D Companies were deployed as skirmishers, and, under command of Captain D. E. Roatch, Company G, advanced, and by a rapid and daring movement, captured nearly the entire rebel skirmish line. The enemy, calling to the captain from their main lines, said they would surrender. The captain, supposing them to be in good faith, advanced his skirmishers close to the enemy's works; when he discovered that their object was to entrap and capture him with his entire line, ordered a retreat, all making their escape with the exception of William Patterson, Company F, who was taken prisoner. In the mean time the remaining companies were brought forward by myself to within 150 yards of the enemy's line and there intrenched. Companies I, C, and H were then ordered out as skirmishers, with Lieutenant Carson in command. They had not advanced far when the remaining four companies advanced, and, with the skirmish line, moved on the run, charging the enemy's works and assisting in capturing many prisoners, as well as driving the enemy from their works. Nothing could have been more gallant than this charge. Officers and men seemed to be actuated by a power more than human. Owing to sickness I was not them, as I had not been for nearly four weeks, in command of the regiment, yet remaining with it all the time, and unable to advance and keep up with the line in the charge. My thanks are due to the captain for the brave and efficient manner in which he led and commanded the regiment in this charge. No officer could have done better in this charge. We are all called upon to mourn the death of Adjutant Reaves. He was killed by a canister-shot. When he fell he refused to be carried off the field, saying that "It is no use; I will soon die. Boys, go on." He was one of the bravest and most faithful officers in the command. His many qualities endeared him to all that knew him.

While it is not a matter of very great importance to the regiment, and perhaps should not be made mention of here, yet, as much feeling, as well as divers opinions, exist in and among the different regiments of third division concerning it, I will state that I think I am prepared with satisfactory evidence to prove that the flag of the Second Arkansas Regiment (rebel), as well as General Govan, were captured by Sergeants Dickerson and Carver, of this regiment. I would not, however, have the commanding generals think that it

