
is either with myself of regiment deemed a matter worthy of any great consideration, unless otherwise regarded by them. Nor do we claim the entire credit for anything that was there done, for we well know that without the assistance of the other regiments of the brigade and division we could not have been successful in anything like that attained in the grand result. We are content to believe that we did our duty to the best of our ability; that our conduct as civilized soldiers on that occasion meets with the approval of our commanding general, and to rejoice with all in the grand success of our arms at Jonesborough on the 1st instant. On the morning of the 2nd of September we marched to Jonesborough, and, remaining there with the brigade, marched with it and went into camp near Atlanta on the 8th.

A full list of the casualties* in the regiment will accompany this report and be a part of it. Throughout the report I have given the names of the officers and many of the men who fell during the campaign, and paid to their memories an humble tribute of respect. This same tribute of respect is as much due from me to all as to any one, whether he be an officer or private soldier. The graves of the private soldiers will be honored as much as those of the officers, and their memories live as beautiful and bright in the annals of true American patriotism.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. PEARCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JAMES S. WILSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

No. 138.

Report of Captain Toland Jones, One hundred and thirteenth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 113TH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Herewith please find report of the operation of this regiment from the 2nd of May, 1864, to September 2, 1864, the day on which Atlanta was occupied by our forces.

The regiment moved from its winter cantonment at Rossville, Ga., May 2, to Ringgold, under command of Lieutenant Colonel D. B. Warner, in connection with its brigade and division, and went into position in front of Ringgold Gap. From 3rd to 7th remained in camp, but changed position to east side of gap. 7th and 8th, marched to Tunnel Hill and Mill Creek Gap, and formed line of battle with Seventy-eighth Illinois on our right, with skirmishers in front, the balance of brigade in rear as supports. We charged and took the isolated hills in front of the gap, losing 1 man killed, and took position on the last hill, covering the mouth of the gap. 9th to 12th, position unchanged, but continued skirmishing. 12th, marched to mouth of Snake Creek Gap. 13th, marched through gap in the night and encamped. 14th, took position in front of Resaca in support of Ninety-eighth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, One hundred and eighth Ohio

---------------

*Embodied in brigade table, p.683.

---------------

