
Volunteer Infantry, and Thirty-fourth Illinois, which had been deployed under heavy fire. In the afternoon the left wing of this regiment was ordered to relieve the Thirty-fourth Illinois, but was soon recalled, and with the balance of brigade took position farther to the right, relieving a part of the Twentieth Army Corps. 16th, in front of Rome, we were formed in line on the right center, but were afterward moved by the right flank and took position on the right of the brigade, our front covered by skirmishers. We then advanced through a dense undergrowth of pine until night-fall, when we stopped and intrenched. In the morning, the enemy having disappeared, we encamped north of the city. On the 23rd moved across the Oostenaula, through Rome, and then across the Etowah. 24th and 25th, marched to Dallas. 26th, remained in camp. 27th, the brigade took position on the left of the Army of the Tennessee. 28th, were deployed as skirmishers, connecting McPherson and Hooker. 29th, returned to our former position. 30th, position unchanged. 31st, relieved and marched to the left.

June 1, moved still farther to the left, and relieved a part of the Twenty-third Army Corps. 2nd and 3d, position unchanged. 4th relieved by a part of General Whitaker's brigade. 5th, moved to the left and relieved a part of General Williams' division, Twentieth Army Corps. 6th, went into position west of Big Shanty and remained until the 10th, when we advanced facing to the south. 11th, 12th, and 13th, advanced lines, skirmishing and intrenching. 14th, marched to the left and intrenched, occupying the right in front line, the left of brigade resting on the Atlanta railroad. 15th, remained in trenches. On this day Lieutenant Platt, commanding Company G, was killed by a stray shot. In his death the regiment lost a most brave and efficient officer. 16th, 17th, and 18th, no change in position, but constant skirmishing. 19th, advanced our lines to the foot of Kenesaw Mountain, and remained in same position until the 25th, all the time under a severe fire from artillery and musketry posted on the side and crest of the mountain. Our casualties here were 5 severely wounded. 25th, relieved at midnight, marched to the right, and went into camp at daylight. 26th, remained in camp. 27th, we received orders at daylight to be prepared to storm the enemy's works in our front. The brigade was formed and in position by 9 o'clock, the Thirty-fourth Illinois being deployed as skirmishers, and the One hundred and thirteenth leading the main force. At the signal for the advance, the whole line sprang forward at the double-quick. The skirmish pits of the enemy were passed over, when we proceeded through thick woods up one hill and down across a small creek. Owing to the rough nature of the ground, the lines were not kept in as perfect order as desirable, but every man moved forward with ardor and the highest courage. When crossing the creek we found before us a hill of some size, at the summit of which were the main works of the enemy. Our skirmish support having fallen back, our regiment advanced up, exposed to the full fire of the enemy. It was not until we had advanced half way up the hill that the enemy poured into our ranks his heaviest fire. Our left was then in close proximity to a salient angle in the hostile works, toward which Colonel McCook's brigade was charging with his entire line. The firing then became most terrific. The rebels opening up with two batteries upon either flank and delivering from the left a most galling musketry fire. The men, however, advanced

