
without faltering, the One hundred and twenty-first taking position on our right. We found before us a heavy abatis work and the enemy's line heavily fortified and defended with all the appliances of the most skillful engineering. We charged rapidly forward, and our men falling by scores, until the left had nearly reached the works, some of the men falling immediately upon them. At this time Lieutenant-Colonel Warner was severely wounded, and the brigade upon our left behind forced to retire, the order was given to fall back, which was done with perfect coolness, and position taken back of our supports in the rear, and intrenchments rapidly thrown up under fire. Where the whole regiment displayed such bravery it would be almost invidious to mention individual instances of daring. Lieutenant-Colonel Warner was in the thickest of the fight, urging men and officers forward, until after he was wounded. Lieutenant Dungan, Company A, fell mortally wounded in advance of his company. Captain John Bowersock, Company E; Lieutenant Joseph Parker, Company G, and Lieutenant Edward Crouse, Company F, each in command of their companies, were killed close up to the enemy's works, and their bodies were not recovered until the next day. It is sufficient evidence of the nature of the contest to say that in a space of not over twenty minutes the regiment lost 153 men. Of the 19 commissioned officers who went into the charge 10 were killed or wounded. Although the assault was not successful, still a most important advantage was gained, and we had the melancholy satisfaction of knowing that we failed only because we attempted impossibilities. 28th, remained in same position, within stone's throw of the rebel works, and heavy firing from the main lines, Major Sullivant in command. 29th and 30th, and 1st and 2nd of July, no material change in position, but continued heavy skirmishing, with an occasional casualty. 3d, the enemy evacuated his works at night, we following through Marietta, came upon him and again intrenched. 4th, no change. 5th, the enemy fell back to his works at the Chattahoochee River, we following; in the morning found him strongly intrenched above and below the railroad bridge, in the form of a semi-circle, with each extremity of the arc resting on the river. We took position on the Marietta and Atlanta road and intrenched. 5th to 17th, no material change; constant skirmishing and artillery firing for much of the time. 17th, crossed the Chattahoochee River at Pace's Ferry; advanced skirmishers and crossed Nancy's Creek. 18th, advanced to Peach Tree Creek. 19th, our regiment, with the brigade, was ordered to advance across Peach Tree Creek to support the Third Brigade, which was heavily pressed. While the brigade was crossing we were ordered to form to the right, during which we suffered from a heavy flank fire, losing 2 killed and 2 wounded. At daylight the next morning we took position in a less exposed place across the creek. 20th, heavy firing, but no change. At night the enemy retired from our immediate front. 21st, our regiment was ordered on a reconnaissance toward the main Atlanta road. We advanced to within one-half mile of the river, discovering the enemy in force. 22d, advanced to within two and a half miles of Atlanta; formed lines and intrenched. 23rd to 28th, remained in our works, except when on skirmish line. 28th, made reconnaissance to Turner's Ferry, and returning took position the right of Howard. 29th, advanced to White Hall road and intrenched. 30th, moved one mile to right and intrenched. 31st, reconnaissance to Utoy Creek and found the enemy in force.

