
Jonesborough, and our fighting campaign was ended. Our casualties in this engagement were small in comparison with the exposure. Our loss was 3 killed and 7 wounded.

I submit the following table, which recapitulates the casualties during the entire campaign:

 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total

Commissioned officers	 4	 7	 ---	 11

Enlisted men	 31	 132	 7	 170

Total	 35	 139	 7	 181

To Captain Otway Watson, who acted as second in command, I am much indebted for his cordial co-operation and active assistance in the management of the regiment.

In conclusion, I can only say that every officer and man of the regiment during the time it was under my command, and, so far as my own observation extends, during the entire campaign, exhibited under all circumstances a willingness to perform any duty and incur any danger for the common good, which should secure for them any reward those in authority can bestow upon the brave man, as he will unquestionably obtain the gratitude of posterity. To them all my most earnest gratitude is due and my warmest thanks extended.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

TOLAND JONES,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain JAMES S. WILSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

No. 139.

Report of Colonel Henry B. Banning, One hundred and twenty-first Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. 121ST Regiment OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the One hundred and twenty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry on the campaign commencing May 2, 1864, from Rossville, Ga., and ending with the battle of Jonesborough, Ga., and capture of the city of Atlanta by our forces, under Major-General Sherman, on the 1st and 2nd of September, 1864:

This regiment having, in obedience to orders, first sent to the rear all camp and garrison equipage, company books, and cooking utensils, excepting such as line officers, non-commissioned officers, and men carried about their persons, with one pack-mule for regimental headquarters and one for the medical department, moved from Rossville, Ga., on the 2nd of May, 1864. We encamped on the afternoon of May 2 near Ringgold, Ga., on the north side of the Chickamauga River. On the 5th of May we broke up camp, crossed the Chickamauga at and encamped two and a half miles south of Ringgold. On the 7th moved through Tunnel Hill, the enemy retreating to Buzzard Roost. On the morning of the 8th this regiment was

