
lieving it would be impossible to carry the strong position of the enemy with my now weak and thin line, I closed my regiment to the right and withdrew some twenty paces to the rear, and had my command to lie down, where the formation of the ground offered some protection and where I would be prepared for any counter-charge the enemy might make, ordering my men to keep a constant fire on the enemy to keep him inside his trenches and prevent him from getting possession of my wounded. Having made these dispositions, I sent a written statement of my position to Colonel Mitchell, commanding the brigade, who sent me orders to refuse my right and hold and intrench my position, if I could do it without too great a sacrifice. Leaving one-half of my men on the line to keep up the fire, with the other half I built a line of earth-works in the rear of the line under cover of the woods, refusing my right, and at night-fall withdrew my line behind my earth-works. Having my line thus made safe and secure, my next care was for my dead and wounded. Many of them had lain in the hot sun all day without even water to moisten their parched lips, but they were so situated that it was impossible for me to remove them or get them any assistance whatever. Every effort to go to the wounded during the day on my left resulted in either the killing or wounding of those who attempted to go to their relief. In the engagement I lost 3 officers killed and 3 wounded, 15 non-commissioned officers and privates killed and 123 wounded. Two of them, who were wounded in the outside ditch of the enemy's works were captured. The loss was a severe one to my command. How much we damaged the enemy I do not know, but my opinion is their loss was small, as they fought behind heavy earth-works. We fought the flower of the Southern army, being Cheatham's division, of Hardee's corps. We succeeded in making a lodgment so close up to their works as to compel them to evacuate four days afterward. On the night of the 28th the enemy, growing uneasy about the tenacity with which we held on to our position so close to their works, charged us and attempted to drive us away. We repulsed him with the small loss of 5 men wounded. On the night of the 2nd of July the enemy, having discovered that we were building a new parallel still closer to his lines, evacuated all his earth-works and forts and withdrew beyond the town of Marietta to a prepared line of heavy works near the Chattahoochee River. In following up to this last position the One hundred and twenty-first Ohio, while skirmishing with the enemy on the 9th of July, had 3 men wounded. On the night of the 10th the enemy withdrew all his forces across the river. From the 10th to the 17th my regiment rested in camp on the north bank of the Chattahoochee, near the railroad crossing. On the morning of the 17th we broke up camp and crossed the Chattahoochee at Pace's Ferry. After crossing the river a line was formed at right angles with the river and moved down the river in the direction of Peach Tree Creek, the enemy retreating as we advanced. During the night Companies H and F, under command of Captain Jeff. J. Irvine, acting as skirmishers on our right flank, drove the enemy from a fort on the bank of the river and occupied it. On the morning of the 18th I was sent out with my regiment to make a reconnaissance. I advanced to the Peach Tree Creek, driving the enemy before me and across the river. As he withdrew his forces he burnt the bridge. Having reported my operations, I was ordered to hold the line from the mouth of the Peach Tree to Nancy's Creek, a line three-quarters of a mile in

