
sent from his command in the hour of peril and danger. He joined us at Dallas on the 30th of May, and in less than a month, on the 27th of June, at the assault upon the enemy's works at Kenesaw, at his post on the left of the regiment, cheering on the men, he received three mortal wounds, from which he died before he could be taken from the field. He was a brave man, a true soldier, and loved by the entire command. At the same time and from the same volley the accomplished scholar and soldier, Captain M. B. Clason, received two mortal wounds, from which he died upon the field, while gallantly leading his company in the charge; also, the young, brave, and dashing Captain Patrick, of Company G, who had before been wounded at Chickamauga and had just been promoted, fell pierced through the heart while cheering and leading on his men. Captain Lloyd, who had just recovered from a most severe wound, with his accustomed determination to overcome all obstacles, and who had pushed up to the very ditches of the enemy with the small remnant of his company, received a mortal wound, afterward promoted major, and since died. The gallantry and bravery of Captain Robinson, of Company I, throughout the campaign entitles him to be specially mentioned. I desire also to acknowledge my many obligations to him for the able assistance he has been to me in the management of the regiment as acting major since the 17th of July, when Lieutenant-Colonel Lawrence was taken sick, leaving me without a field officer. The gallantry and bravery also of Captain D. H. Henderson, of Company K, who was severely wounded in the charge made by the enemy to retake the guns captured in front of Jonesborough.

The following officers also deserve special mention for gallantry: Captain S. B. Morehouse, Company D; Captain T. C. Lewis, Company H; Captain J. J. Irvine, Company B; Captain C. P. Cavis, Company A; Lieutenant A. A. Corrello, Company F; Lieutenant M. E. Willoughby, Company G; Lieutenant John J. Miller, Company E; Lieutenant B. A. Banker, Company C; Lieutenant James H. Ball, Company G.

My adjutant, M. H. Lewis, and Surgeon Hill both did their entire duty, and have my thanks. The health of Lieutenant-Colonel Lawrence has been such the greater part of the campaign as to render him unfit for duty. The instances among the non-commissioned officers and men deserving special notice are too numerous to mention. The gallant conduct of themselves and their fallen comrades on the many hard-contested fields of the campaign has made for them and the regiment names that will live forever.

H. B. BANNING,

Colonel, Commanding 121st Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain J. S. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 140.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James W. Langley, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: Pursuant to directions from division headquarters, of date the 6th instant, I have the honor to report, so far as my information

