
had the effect to check them. At the same time the Fifty-second Ohio advanced and relieved the Twenty-second Indiana. By this time it became so dark that but little could be discovered of what was going on; but by cautiously advancing the skirmish line we soon ascertained that the enemy had retreated to their intrenchments. To be prepared for an attack in the morning a light line of works was constructed during the night. During this night the enemy evacuated their works and moved across the Oostenaula River, burning the bridges after them. May 18, early, the Eighty-fifth Illinois crossed and occupied, the town. May 19, the entire brigade crossed in newly constructed pontoons and encamped in the suburbs of the town, where it remained, doing various military duties, until the morning of the 24th of May, when it marched with the division toward Dallas, reaching that place about noon May 26 and took up position about a half mile to the left of town; remained thus until the next morning, when we moved to the mouth of

-----

Gap. Here the brigade was placed in single line, with the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois deployed as skirmishers. At about 10 o'clock of the night of the 27th of May the enemy attacked the skirmish line and captured 1 commissioned officer and 14 enlisted men, when a countercharge was made, which resulted in the capture of 2 commissioned officers and 27 enlisted men from the enemy. The officers and enlisted men of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois on this occasion displayed that coolness and bravery so essential to success. The brigade lay in this position several days, holding works.

June 1, it moved to the left and relieved a brigade of the Twenty-third Corps, remaining in this new position, under a constant fire from the enemy, until June 4, when it moved about three miles farther to the left and, with the division rejoined the corps. The brigade performed the various duties imposed upon it (sometimes skirmishing with the enemy, building fortifications, changing positions, and holding works built by others), but all without taking an active part in any general engagement until the morning of the 27th of June, when it was disposed in order of battle as follows: Eighty-fifth Illinois, commanded by Colonel Dilworth, deployed as skirmishers, with lines of battle composed of-first, the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, second, the Eighty-sixth Illinois; third, Twenty-second Indiana; fourth, Fifty-second Ohio. These dispositions were made in an open field little more than one-half mile from the works to be stormed. The Second Brigade was formed on the right, and General Harker's brigade, Fourth Corps, on the left. At a few minutes before 9 the command, "Forward!" was given, and responded to by the brave men of the brigade with the will and determination to succeed where success is possible. The movement began at quick time, and continued in this for nearly one-third the distance, when it was changed to double-quick. The lines moved with marked precision until they reached the foot of an abrupt hill, where they encountered a marshy creek lined on either side with shrubs and thickly matted vines. The command relieved itself as rapidly and orderly as possible from this confusion, and turning its face to the enemy rushed forward across an open field extending to within fifteen rods of the point of attack here it entered a skirt of light timber, and from this point also commenced an ascent of the ground. On and up the brave men rushed, with their gallant leader at their head, until some of them reached the base of the en-

