
emy's parapet. Nothing daunted,they struggle to scale the works. In their efforts to do this some were knocked down with stones and clubs hurled at them by the enemy. Here the gallant Colonel McCook fell mortally wounded, while present with and cheering his men on. Shot and stoned down, completely exhausted by the length and impetuosity of the charge, the brave men reformed their lines a few steps in the rear and partially under the crest of the hill. While this was being done Colonel O. F. Harmon, of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois left the command of the regiment to Major Lee and placed himself at the head of the brigade; but hardly did he enjoy this command five minutes, when a musket-shot from the enemy pierced his heart, and in a few moments his remains were borne from the field. Colonel C. J. Dilworth then assumed command, leaving the command of the Eighty-fifth Illinois to Major Rider. After adjusting his lines to his satisfaction he ordered works to be constructed which was hastily done, and the front line of which did not exceed sixty yards from the enemy's strong line of works. The loss to the brigade in this bloody contest was 410 killed and wounded, nearly all of which occurred within the short space of twenty minutes. These casualties fell heaviest upon the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois and Fifty-second Ohio. By 3 p.m. of this day the men were well sheltered behind their new lines of works and were confronting the enemy as sharpshooters. At 4 o'clock of the same day, upon my request to be relieved from duty at corps headquarters, I returned to my regiment and took command of it. From this point forward in my report I am chiefly reliant for information on the notes and memoranda of Colonel Dilworth, commanding brigade. After the confusion of the battle was over, the brigade was disposed thus: The Eighty-fifth Illinois on the right, connecting with the Second Brigade; the Twenty-second Indiana on the left, connecting with General Harker's brigade; the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois in the center, and the Eighty-sixth Illinois and Fifty-second Ohio in reserve the lines remaining the same until the morning of the 28th, when the One hundred and twenty-fifth was relieved by the Eighty-sixth Illinois; that in turn was relieved on the morning of the 29th by the Fifty-second Ohio. On this day a cessation of hostilities was effected and arrangements made under flag of truce by which the dead between the lines were removed or buried. On the 30th a new line of works was constructed within from five to seven rods of the enemy's line. From this position our sharpshooters did excellent service, many of them using an invention called the refracting sight. The testimony in favor of the use of this sight at short range was abundant. The brigade did duty here until morning of the 3rd of July, the enemy having again abandoned their works. We marched through Marietta; thence in a southwest course about five miles toward Atlanta. We halted and encamped here for two nights. On the morning of the 5th of July we advanced again about five miles toward the railroad bridge over the Chattahoochee River. Upon our arrival within about three miles of the bridge we came up with the enemy's skirmishers. The Third Brigade was put in position in a heavy wood, connecting on the left with the Second Brigade. As soon as lines were formed I was ordered forward, with the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois as skirmishers. The line was at once established and waited for support on the right, which was late in arriving. About 5 o'clock, all things being ready, the line advanced at the double-quick

