
across open fields and charged the enemy's skirmishers intrenched in the edge of the wood on the opposite side; routing them from these,they drove them in confusion to their main line of works, our line approaching within less than 300 yards. The enemy made three unsuccessful attempts to drive our line back. As soon as it was dark the Eighty-sixth Illinois relieved the skirmish line and by morning were well intrenched. The other regiments of the brigade moved forward to the road and threw up works. The command remained in this position, regiments in their turn doing picket duty, until the morning of the 10th of July, when, a little before daybreak, the bridge over the Chattahoochee River was discovered to be on fire, and, no enemy in our front, Colonel Dilworth was ordered to send out one regiment. He ordered out the Eighty-sixth Illinois and went with it as far as the river, meeting with no opposition; left two companies at the river as pickets and ordered the remainder to camp. On the afternoon of this day the brigade moved on the Atlanta road and went into camp on the right and within one mile of the railroad bridge, where it remained, doing picket and guard duty, until the morning of the 18th of July, on which day we crossed the Chattahoochee on pontoon bridge at Pace's Ferry, five miles and advanced skirmishers from Twenty-second Indiana as far as Peach Tree Creek, near Howell's Mill. The brigade bivouacked for the night on the Atlanta and Pace's Ferry road. As the 19th of July, was an eventful day in the history of this brigade, I choose to incorporate in this report the minutes made by Colonel Dilworth at the time:

This morning I was ordered to form my lines in rear of skirmish line and push across the Peach Tree Creek. This was done by placing the Fifty-second Ohio in advance, crossing the creek on a log and moving out across the field and on the hill. Here we found an entire brigade of rebels and a portion of another. The balance of our brigade crossed, first, Eighty-fifth Illinois, and went to the assistance of the Fifty-second Ohio on the left, and found a heavy force; next came the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, and moved forward to the crest of the hill; next the Eighty-sixth Illinois, and formed on the left. The Twenty-second Indiana at the same time commenced crossing on our right and connected with the Fifty-second Ohio skirmishers on the right. Word was sent to General Davis for assistance. At the same time information was received that the enemy was drifting to the right. Colonel Langley, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, was ordered to form on the right, which he did at a double-quick and just reached the top of the hill as the enemy was ready attack, and, after a fire from the One hundred and twenty-fifty Illinois, the rebels were driven back from the right. That night intrenchments were thrown up and the men remained on the ground getting in the wounded.

The brigade lost in this day's operations 245 killed, wounded, and missing. These losses fell most heavily upon the Fifty-second Ohio, Twenty-second Indiana, and Eighty-fifth Illinois. July 20, found the brigade well fortified, and about noon two sections of Captain Gardner's battery were put into position, and with the aid of sharpshooters from this and the Second Brigade, they succeeded in driving the enemy from his works. To-day the One hundred and tenth Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Topping commanding, reported to the brigade for duty, and was put in the right in line. July 21, Colonel Dilworth was ordered to make a reconnaissance with one regiment to the font. He ordered out the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, and connected with Colonel Mitchell's brigade on the left and General Morgan's on the right, moved too far to right; found rebels near Moore's house, on the Marietta and Atlanta road,

