
and came back to camp. July 22, no enemy in our immediate front; moved toward Atlanta to within two and a half miles of the city; heavy firing to our front and left; went into at night in reserve. July 23, position unchanged. July 24, relieved a regiment of Baird's division with the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois; remained in this position with a slight change of camp until the morning of the 28th of July,one regiment on outpost duty daily. July 28, in connection with the division, made a reconnaissance to Turner's Ferry; returned late at night to near our old position and went into camp. After this date our duties were various. We built several lines of works, did picket duty, and changed position toward the right frequently until August 4, when we moved to the right frequently until August 4, when we moved to the right and front about three miles and went into position in the evening, connecting with General Baird on the left; One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois in left front line; Twenty-second Indiana in right front line; Eighty-fifth Illinois on picket. n the following morning the picket-line moved nearly three-quarters of a mile to the front and took 15 prisoners, with no loss to us. Main line moved forward, still keeping up the connection with General Baird on the left and also connecting with Colonel Mitchell on the right; took a position near the Sandtown road, One hundred and tenth Illinois on the left and One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois on the right front line. At night four companies of the Fifty-second Ohio relieved the Eighty-fifth Illinois pickets. August 6, brigade in same place and same position; enemy almost constantly shelling our lines. At night seventy-five men from One hundred and tenth Illinois relieved the Fifty-second Ohio on picket. I quote below substantially Colonel Dilworth's minutes of the operations of the brigade on the 7th of August:

Received orders about 10 o'clock that the division was to swing to the left, and that the movement would commence on the left. About noon went to the lines; saw General Baird, who said he could not advance until evening. As soon as he had gone I received orders that General Morgan had commenced the movement on the right, and for me to conform my movements to Mitchell's. I then went to the right and found Colonel Mitchell had advanced. The skirmish line was advanced, and the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois was ordered forward. The Fifty-second Ohio was ordered up, also the Twenty second Indiana; advanced and connected with Colonel Mitchell on the left and facing northeast. At night Eighty-sixth Illinois relieved One hundred and tenth Illinois on picket.

In gaining this new and important position the brigade was exposed to a galling fire of musketry and artillery from the enemy's lines and with but little chance to us to successfully return the fire. The brigade took possession of and extended its lines across the Sandtown road and, as speedily as possible, erected strong fortifications. The loss to the brigade in this day's operations was 42 officers and men killed and wounded. Nothing of further importance than frequent changes of positions, picket duty, &amp;c., occurred until August 20, upon which day the brigade started at daybreak and marched to the rear lines of the works of the Twenty-third Corps: lay in close column for two or three hours, when orders came to move out. The whole division moved forward the right of our line with this brigade in advance; marched rapidly to the line of the Montgomery railroad at Red Oak; tore up the railroad track and cut the telegraph wire in sight of the rebel cavalry; returned to camp at night after making a march of twenty-two miles, most of the time in a heavy rain. From this time forth the brigade performed its usual share of duties until August 26, when we broke up camp and

