
launched forth to contribute our remaining efforts to turn the enemy's left and destroy the Macon railroad, the last and only line of transit for his subsistence. By the last day of August it was pretty generally conceded that the enemy would tender us battle as usual on their choice of ground and within their strong fortification. On this last-named day we marched to and encamped for the night near Turtle Swamp, on the left of the Atlanta and Jonesborough road. On the following morning, early, we left this place, marched across to and down the Rough and Ready and Jonesborough road, toward the latter-named placed, to a point about one-half mile south of Flint River. Here the brigade moved to the left in an open field and formed in order of battle as follows: First line, Twenty-second Indiana on the right, seven companies of the Fifty-second Ohio on the left, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois in the center, with three companies of the Fifty-second Ohio deployed as skirmishers; second line, Eighty-fifth, Eighty-sixth, and One hundred and tenth Illinois. About 2 p.m. the brigade moved by the right flank across a difficult slough and reformed its lines on the crest of the hill on the other side and under a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery. From this point we discovered that the enemy were in strong force and well intrenched along the line of the Macon railroad. At about 3 p.m. the line advanced through a thick skirt of woods to an open corn-field swinging gradually to the right as it advanced down the slope beyond, until our course was nearly south. We passed to within one-fourth mile of the enemy's line of works and engaged with skirmishers while the main line was struggling to cross a swamp at the foot of the slope. As soon as a crossing was effected the enemy's skirmishers were vigorously attacked and driven to their main works. In this valley the first line built temporary works, which it held but a few minutes, when it again moved forward. A part of The Fifty-second Ohio, charging with the Second Brigade, aided in taking a rebel battery in our front. The Twenty-second Indiana and One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois advanced in quick time to the crest of the hill, where they encountered a line of rebel infantry concealed among the growing corn. These two regiments became at once hotly engaged. The contest appeared doubtful for a few minutes and might have turned finally in favor of the enemy but for the success of the Second Brigade on our left. Not one moment was lost in charging the line before these two regiments. The enemy in confusion hastily retreated to their intrenchments, but just in time to find themselves prisoners. After driving the enemy back some 600 or 800 yards to their works on the railroad and in the woods to the west of the railroad, our lines were about being reformed, when Colonel Dilworth, commanding the brigade, received a wound and was carried off the field. As soon as notified of the fact I assumed command and as rapidly as possible, reformed the line. Going a few rods to the left and rear I met Captain Swift, brigade inspector, coming up with the Eighty-fifth Illinois from second line. This I put to work to turn the rebel works and make them available to us in the event of a counter-assault. Meeting with other members of the brigade staff I directed them to bring up the Eighty-sixth and One hundred and tenth Illinois as rapidly as possible and hold them in readiness for further orders. In the mean time I drew from their former positions the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois and Twenty-second Indiana, to give them some rest. At this juncture Colonel Mitchell represented to me that the enemy were massing in his front

