
with a view to an attack, and asked me to send him some assistance. Knowing the importance of holding the hill we occupied, I immediately sent him five companies from the Eighty-sixth Illinois and seven from the Fifty-second Ohio. In a few minutes the other battalion of the Eighty-sixth Illinois also went to his assistance. This force remained with him about three-fourths of an hour and I depend upon Colonel Mitchell to do them justice in his report.

Between the right of the Second Brigade and the left of the Fifteenth Corps was a gap in the lines about one-half mile long. The threatening demonstrations of the enemy in front of this gap showed the importance they attached to it, and I determined to throw all my available force into and as far as possible close it up. I accordingly moved the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois to the right and front as far as the crest of the hill, putting it nearly in the same position it occupied while fighting half an hour before. I then moved the Eighty-fifth Illinois to the right and the One hundred and tenth Illinois to the left of the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, and directed them to put out as many sharpshooters as could be made available to annoy and keep back the enemy's skirmishers while the main line was ordered to construct works. The firing was kept up until dark. Several times the enemy attempted to advance, but were driven back to their works by the unerring aim of our guns. At dark the Eighty-sixth Illinois and Fifty-second Ohio having returned from the assistance of the Second Brigade, I put the first in position on the right and directed it to fortify. The Twenty-second Indiana and Fifty-second Ohio were placed in reserve. Each regiment furnished pickets for its front, the entire picket-line being under the especial charge of Captain Burkhalter. These dispositions, in my opinion rendered our position perfectly secure. At night the enemy abandoned their works,leaving their dead unburied and wounded uncared for. Our loss in this day's fight was 135 killed and wounded. The loss fell heaviest on the Twenty-second Indiana and One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois. The morning of the 2nd showed naught but the wreck of a defeated enemy. We advanced about 10 o'clock to Jonesborough; went into position on the left of the railroad and town, where we remained until late in the day, September 3, when I received orders from Major-General Davis to move the brigade to Atlanta on the following day to guard prisoners and as escort to hospital train of the corps, &amp;c. Arrived at this place the afternoon of September 4 with prisoners and train; reported, pursuant to orders, to Major-General Slocum, and went into camp on the west side, where the troops have remained doing no duty since.

In this review of the history of the Third Brigade during the late campaign, I have confined myself thus far, as nearly as possible, to a recitation of facts and circumstances. Having been absent from the brigade a part of the time and afterward only with one of its regiments until the late fight at Jonesborough, it perhaps ill becomes me to make special mention of the conduct of regimental commanders and other officers. As far as I can learn, in every engagement they all did their entire duty, and the casualty lists show the sanguinary character of the many conflicts in which their commands have been engaged. The losses of the brigade foot up, since the 3rd of May last, the enormous sum of 1,081 killed, wounded, and missing, being but little less than the number now present in the

