
ranks of duty. The brigade met its heaviest loss in the assault on the enemy's works at Kenesaw Mountain. The number has been stated previously. Here every regiment was engaged, and when the contest was hottest the front line could be claimed by no particular regiment, but was made up by the bravest men from all. At Peach Tree Creek the Fifty-second Ohio, commanded by Colonel Clancy, with skirmishers, under command of Major Holmes, did nobly in clearing the heights beyond the creek and enabling the balance of the brigade to cross and form lines free from the enemy's fire. In the sam engagement the Eighty-fifth Illinois, commanded by Major Rider, advanced to within a few yards of the enemy's main line, but could not hold their position. The loss to the regiment was heavy, but it behaved manfully. The Twenty-second Indiana, commanded in the early part of this engagement by Major Shea, stood, unsupported, the brunt of heavy assault, and yielded only as it was overpowered by superior numbers. Major Shea was wounded and the command fell to Captain Snodgrass, under whose charge it has been most of the time since. The conduct of this officer and his command was all that could be asked in the late battle of Jonesborough, and as truly may I say the same of the Fifty-second Ohio, commanded by Major Holmes, in the same engagement, until a wound disabled him, and the command devolved upon Captain Rothacker; also the Eighty-fifth Illinois, commanded by Major Rider until disabled, when the charge of the regiment fell to Captain Griffith; the Eighty-sixth Illinois, commanded part of the time by Lieutenant-Colonel Fahnestock and part of the time by Major Thomas; the One hundred and tenth Illinois, commanded through the entire engagement by Lieutenant-Colonel Topping, and also the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, commanded through the latter part of the engagement by Captain George W. Cook. I wish to bear testimony to the general good conduct and bravery of the several officers above named and their respective commands. I observed several striking instances of noble courage and true bravery among subordinate officers and enlisted men, but space forbids that I should specially mention them here; the reports from commanders of regiments must suffice.

Captains Anderson, Swift, and Burkhalter, and Lieutenant Tanner, of the brigade staff, are all known to the brigade and appreciated for their coolness and bravery in action. My heartfelt thanks are due to the three last mentioned for the eminent assistance they so cheerfully rendered me during the engagement at Jonesborough on the 1st instant. Captain Anderson, acting assistant adjutant-general of the brigade, while in the discharge of his duties, received a wound just before the command fell to me, thus depriving me of his valuable services.

Our honored dead, of whom from this brigade there are many, have all received a soldier's burial, and their scattered graves mark the meandering course of our march all the way from Resaca to Atlanta. I submit and call your attention to the appended list of casualties; also to the inclosed reports of regimental commanders.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. LANGLEY,

Lieutenant Colonel 125th Illinois, Commanding Brigade.

Captain T. WISEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

