
many prisoners. Events to August 26 are unimportant. At 4 a.m. the 27th we evacuated our line of works, moving in a southerly direction. August 28, we continued our march, crossing the Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad. 30th and 31st were spent in marching and counter marching. Thursday morning, September 1, we continued our march toward the Macon railroad. Late in the day a line of intrenchments confront us beyond an extensive field. The troops move to the attack. My regiment was in the second line, hence my loss was less severe. The works were carried and the enemy compelled to evacuate Jonesborough. Late in the action Major Rider, commanding the regiment, was wounded in the head. The command then devolved upon myself. Friday morning, September 2, we entered Jonesborough. September 3, my regiment, with the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois, is placed in charge of a large number of prisoners. Early Sunday, September 4, we moved with the prisoners. Joining the remainder of the brigade, we are relieved as guards and placed in rear of train. Continuing the march, we enter Atlanta late in the afternoon.

Report of casualties in Eighty-fifth Illinois during the campaign ending September 4, 1864; Commissioned officers-killed, 2; wounded, 12; missing, 3. Enlisted men-killed, 40; wounded, 83; missing, 50. Aggregate loss, 190.

I have the honor to be sir very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. GRIFFITH,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CHARLES SWIFT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

Numbers 142.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Allen L. Fahnestock, Eighty-sixth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SIXTH ILLINOIS VOL. INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighty-sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry in the great Georgia campaign, from the time it marched from Lee and Gordon's Mills, May 3, 1864, to the time it arrived in the city of Atlanta, Ga., September 4, 1864;

Early on the morning of the 3rd of May, pursuant to orders, I marched my regiment with the brigade to Ringgold, Ga., joining the division at this place. Here I encamped and remained until the 5th of May, when, with the brigade (Colonel Dan. McCook commanding), I moved my regiment two miles south of Ringgold and encamped near --- Church. On the evening of the 6th of May I received orders to be ready to move at daylight. Accordingly, at the appointed time, on the morning of the 7th of May, I moved my regiment with the brigade toward Tunnel Hill. We had moved but a few miles when our skirmishers, Fifty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry (Lieutenant-Colonel Clancy commanding), my regiment supporting it, came in contact with the enemy. I was ordered by Colonel McCook to march my regiment in line of battle, my left

