
resting on the road. In this order I moved forward through a skirt of woods into an open field; the enemy opened with artillery, but fortunately did no damage. The army was detained but a short time. I was ordered to march by the flank. I marched the regiment on the main road south of Tunnel Hill about one mile, and then went into position on the right of the road, my left joining the One hundred and twenty-fifty Illinois (Colonel Harmon), and my right the Seventy-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. I remained in this position until the morning of the 8th of May, when the whole brigade advanced in front of Buzzard Roost. No change of position was made till the 9th instant, when, with the brigade, I was ordered to move my regiment about one mile to the left to support the First Brigade (General Morgan), one or two regiments of which were deployed as skirmishers. Nothing unusual transpired until the 10th of May, when 2 enlisted men were wounded by sharpshooters. In the evening the Third Brigade (Colonel Dan. McCook) relieved the First Brigade (General Morgan), my regiment supporting the skirmishers. Nothing unusual occurred except an incessant fire kept up by the skirmishers on both sides, doing, however, very little damage on our side. On the evening of the 11th of May the brigade was relieved by a brigade of Major-General Stanley's, division, of the Fourth Corps (Major-General Howard). I moved my regiment, with the brigade, to the rear and encamped for the night. On the morning of May 12 our connection with Buzzard Roost was severed. A large portion of the army moved to the right through Snake Creek Gap, continuing the march till 3 a.m. of the 13th of May, when we lay down and rested for a few hours. I was ordered to move with the brigade about one mile, where we halted, closed in mass, in which position we remained until evening, when the brigade moved to the left of Resaca, Ga., striking the Dalton road and bivouacking for the night. May 14, I moved with the brigade for the front, and took a position in a field, where I remained closed in mass till about 3 p.m. when the brigade formed in line of battle under heavy artillery fire, on the right of the Twenty-third Corps, my regiment on the right of the Fifty-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry (Lieutenant-Colonel Clancy) and on the left of the Eighty-fifth Illinois (Colonel Dilworth). The brigade remained in this position till night and then moved to the right about a half mile, on a hill and fortified. Nothing unusual transpired until the 15th, 4 men of my regiment were wounded by sharpshooters, whose bullets kept whizzing over our head continually. In the evening my regiment relieved the One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois (Colonel Harmon) on the skirmish line; about midnight the enemy made an attack (or feint, rather) to cover their retreat. On the morning of the 16th their works were evacuated, the whole army was put in motion, and, with the old flag in the breeze, moved triumphantly over the country won from the enemy. I marched my regiment with the brigade, through Resaca, thence to Snake Creek Gap, and thence toward Rome, Ga. May 17, marched to within two miles of Rome, where we met the enemy in force. I formed my regiment in line of battle, the Twenty-second Indiana (Lieutenant-Colonel Wiles) on my left, and balance of brigade in support. In this position we advanced; we soon found the enemy, and a brisk fight ensued. The enemy was routed, and victory was ours. My regiment in this engagement lost 6 men killed and 11 wounded. The loss was light in comparison to the work done. On the following day I marched my regiment with the

