
companies deployed as skirmishers. Nothing unusual transpired until August 5, when again my regiment took part in advancing the lines, meeting with but little resistance. Nothing worthy of note occurred till August 20, when I moved with the brigade around the extreme right of the Twenty-third Corps to the Montgomery railroad, cutting both railroad and telegraph. I returned again with the brigade in the evening and remained in camp till the 27th of August. The casualties of the regiment from the 22nd of July to this date were 8 enlisted men wounded.
On the 27th of August I received orders to move my regiment. The whole army apparently was in motion. We kept moving on the right, nothing important transpiring to my regiment until September 1. Early this morning I received orders to move with the brigade to the left. We crossed a valley and the main road from Jonesborough to Atlanta. Here we took the direction of Jonesborough until, in a mile and a half of the town, the order was to charge the rebels. My regiment formed the second line. The column moved forward, under a galling fire of musketry and artillery, three-quarters of a mile, but with unwavering steps moved forward, taking the enemy's works and many prisoners. The loss of the regiment in this brilliant victory is 2 men killed and 13 wounded. I remained in my position (fortified) till next morning, and then was ordered to move to Jonesborough. On the evening of the 3rd the brigade started back to Atlanta, with 1,600 prisoners. On the 4th my regiment, with the brigade arrived safely in Atlanta with the prisoners.

Thus ended most brilliantly a four months' campaign. Almost every day during the whole campaign the regiment has been under fire. For the officers and men of this regiment I must say they have done nobly, and behaved themselves worthy of the great cause in which they are engaged.

Recapitulation of casualties; Commissioned officers-wounded, 4; wounded and captured, 1. Enlisted men-killed, 43; wounded, 113; missing, 14. Aggregate loss, 175.

ALLEN L. FAHNESTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CHARLES SWIFT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div. 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 143.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel E. Hibbard Topping, One hundred and tenth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 110TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Atlanta, Ga., September 6, 1864.

CAPTAIN: We left McAfee's, March 13, to go to Nashville, Tenn., to guard a wagon train through to the front. Arrived at Nashville, Tenn., March 15, and there remained waiting for the train to be fitted out until May 8, when we started for the front with a train of wagons. May 9, had 1 man wounded by a runaway team. May 11, chased a party of guerrillas near Ferguson's plantation, between Shelbyville and Tullahoma, Tenn. May 26, joined the corps near Dallas, Ga. Continued with the train until June 26, when we were ordered to report with command to division headquarters. Since that time we were part of the time at division headquarters and part of the time with the train until July 20, when we joined the brigade. Our lines

