
and ordnance train, in rear of the marching column of the division, to that city. The regiment took no part in the fight at Rome on the 17th; arrived with its important charge on the following day. Remained at Rome doing various duty until the 24th day of May, when the entire division took up its line of march toward Dallas; joined the Army of the Tennessee, to which the division was temporarily attached near the last-named place on the 26th day of May. the next encounter with the enemy was at Dallas, on the night of the 27th of May, when we were attacked by a superior force while engaged in relieving the Twenty-second Indiana, who were doing picket duty. The enemy succeeded in capturing, owing to the unavoidable unadjusted condition of the lines at the moment, 14 enlisted men and 1 commissioned officer, and wounded 3 others (enlisted men); but this temporary disaster was quickly, though but partially, compensated by the captured of 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 25 enlisted men from the enemy. On the following morning the pickets drove the enemy back with a loss of 20 killed and wounded; but 2 men wounded on our side. Until we reached Kenesaw Mountain, on the 27th of June, nothing worthy of note occurred, although we daily faced the foe. At Kenesaw Mountain, on the morning of the 27th of June, the regiment in connection with the brigade, formed a part of the attacking column that was on that day hurled against the enemy's works. The One hundred and twenty-fifth Regiment was the foremost in the brigade. The conflict was short and bloody, and it is painful to record that a repulse to our forces along the entire line was the result. Never fought troops better than on that day, and attention is called to the casualties in this command alone, which were 120 in the short space of twenty minutes, nearly one-half of which were in the list of killed; and also that the brigade rallied within sixty yards of the enemy's works, threw up intrenchments under a heavy fire, and held them until the night of July 3, when the enemy evacuated their lines and retreated toward Atlanta. In the above-mentioned engagement we lost several brave officers and men, chief among whom was the colonel of the regiment, of whom it may not be inappropriate here to remark that a braver soldier or more efficient officer in line of his peculiar duties the Army of the Union does not contain. The command at this point devolved upon Lieutenant Colonel James W. Langley who commanded the regiment through the engagement at the Chattahoochee River, July 5, and at Peach Tree Creek,on the 19th of July, in both of which it was actively engaged, and subsequently until, in the midst of the battle of Jonesborough, September 1, when Colonel Dilworth, brigade commander, was wounded and carried off the field, the command of the brigade devolved upon him (Lieutenant-Colonel Langley), and that of the regiment upon myself. During the whole of the engagement at Jonesborough the officers and men behaved with that high courage which marks the soldier fighting in support of a good cause. The regiment, while yet under command of Lieutenant Colonel James W. Langley, reached the crest of the hill just in front of a rebel battery, engaged the enemy in the open field, and contributed greatly in aiding the Second Brigade, on our left, to scale the enemy's works. Here they fought with the desperation of men determined to win, and they did win, though not until my regiment had lost 1 officer and 3 men killed, 30 enlisted men wounded-- some 6 or 8 of them mortally. At dark my regiment was formed in line with the Eighty-fifth, Eighty-sixth, and the One hundred and tenth Illinois, when we built a strong line of works. The troops

