
were marched to Jonesborough and put in temporary camp. The regiment and brigade was ordered to Atlanta, September 4, in charge on nearly 2,000 prisoner, captured in the Jonesborough fight, and went into camp at this place, where it now remains, and it is sincerely hoped that, if the campaign is over, it will remain until, in the opinion of the powers that be, it is needed in the field for active operations. I respectfully submit and herewith transmit a list of casualties in the command since May 3 up to the close of this campaign.

In conclusion I would say in behalf of the officers and enlisted men of this regiment, that they, with few exceptions most manfully and soldierly, in every engagement in which the regiment has participated, stood up and faced the foe, while many fell dead on the field. It would be difficult to make special mention of names and do ample justice to all and injustice to none. A grateful country will reward them all for their noble services.

The survivors of Kenesaw and subsequent battles can never forget our patriotic dead. Colonel Harmon, Captains Fellows and Lee, and Lieutenant McLean fell at the former place, where duty called them. At Peach Tree Creek, Lieutenant Jones, of Company D, commanding Company B, died as he had lived-a true Christian soldier. road, was loved and respected by all whose good fortune it was to have his acquaintance. Again, at Jonesborough the daring and faithful Captain Charles fell in the discharge of his immediate duty. So with Sergeant Thralls, who for more than two months had commanded Company B; wounded in the leg during the hottest of the engagement, received his fatal blow from a stray bullet while his wound was being dressed. My confidence in him as a company commander was always firm, because I knew him to be a brave man.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. COOK.

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CHARLES SWIFT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

List of casualties in the One hundred and twenty-fifth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry from May 3 to September 6, 1864.

Date.	 Place of	 Offi	 Men	 Offi	 Men	 Offi	 Men

 engagement. 	 cers	 	 cers	 	 cers

May 11	 Buzzard Roost,	 -	 -	 -	 1	 -	 -

 Ga.

May 15	 Resaca, Ga.	 -	 -	 -	 1	 -	 -

May 31	 Dallas, Ga.	 -	 -	 -	 5	 1	 14

June 27	 Kenesaw	 4	 50	 -	 63	 1	 6

 Mountain, Ga.

July 5	 Chattahoochee	 -	 -	 1	 -	 -	 -

 River

July 19	 Peach Tree	 1	 1	 -	 3	 -	 1

 Creek, Ga.

August 5	 Before	 1	 -	 3	 13	 -	 -

to 12	 Atlanta, Ga.

September	 Jonesborough,	 1 	 6	 -	 29	 -	 -

1	 Ga.

 Total	 7	 57	 4	 115	 2	 21

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. W. COOK,

Captain, Commanding.

