
Numbers 145.

Report of Captain William H. Snodgrass, Twenty-second Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND INDIANA VETERAN VOLS.

In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-second Regiment Indiana Veteran Volunteers during the campaign just closed:

On the 6th of May last the regiment, in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Wiles, left Ringgold, Ga., and on the 7th assisted in driving the enemy from Tunnel Hill. On the 9th, in skirmish at Rocky Face, had 1 man wounded. On the 10th withdrew from Rocky Face and took position at Resaca, where, on 15th, had 3 men wounded on skirmish line. May 16, enemy evacuated Resaca and Second Division marched to Rome at which place on 17th, had an engagement with the enemy. Lieutenant-Colonel Wiles was severely wounded in right arm, Major Shea in throat, and Adjutant Adams slightly in right arm. In addition, there were killed 11 enlisted men, 5 commissioned officers and 23 enlisted men wounded. On the 18th Captain Taggart succeeded Colonel Wiles in command of the regiment. Occupied Rome on the 19th and remained encamped there till 24th, then marched to Dallas. Placed on skirmish line 27th; lost 3 men killed, 6 wounded and 2 missing.

June 1, marched to the left and relieved One hundred and twenty-eighth Indiana near Liberty Church. On the 5th the enemy evacuated their works. Remained encamped near Acworth till June 10. On the 12th Captain Taggart in consequence of severe illness, was relieved and the undersigned placed in command of the regiment. On skirmish line near Big Shanty on June 14; lost 3 men wounded. On 19th took position in front of Kenesaw Mountain; had 1 man killed. On same line on 23d; had 1 man killed and 1 wounded. On night June 25 changed position to the right, and on 27th participated in assault on enemy's works near Marietta; loss, 1 commissioned officer killed and 2 wounded; enlisted men killed 11, and 33 wounded and 4 missing.

Night of July 2 enemy evacuated their works and the regiment marched in pursuit passing through Marietta and taking position in front of the enemy, who again withdrew on the night of the 4th from his works, and on the 5th our division took position on the north bank of the Chattahoochee River. On the 7th of July had 1 man killed and 4 wounded. On the 12th Major Shea assumed command. Crossed the Chattahoochee on the 18th, and took position on Peach Tree Creek. 19th, skirmished with and charged the enemy, with following loss; 5 killed, 17 wounded, and 35 missing. Among the wounded was Major Shea; left arm amputated. The command devolved upon Captain Taggart. July 23, took position in front of Atlanta. 28th, marched to Kelly's Ford and returned, taking position on left of Sixteenth Corps.

August 7, Captain Taggart again relieved on account of sickness. I again took command of the regiment. Same afternoon charged and took enemy's works with loss of 1 commissioned officer wounded, 4 enlisted men killed, and 13 wounded. Remaining in position till 11th, then moved three miles to right, camping till 20th, when marched to the right eight miles farther and broke the Montgomery railroad, the Twenty-second Regiment in front. Marched back, reoccupied

