
same camp till 27th, when the army commenced moving to the Macon railroad. August 31, occupied and fortified Lick Skillet road.

September 1, crossed Flint River at 12 m. and took position in front of enemy near Jonesborough. In afternoon participated in charge with Third Brigade; took rebel works, routing enemy, capturing a number of pieces of artillery and several hundred prisoners. The Twenty-second lost in this battle 2 commissioned officers killed, 4 wounded; 3 enlisted men killed, 29 wounded, and 1 missing. On the 3rd and 4th our brigade returned in charge of 1,700 prisoners, to Atlanta, which had been occupied by our forces, the enemy surrendering the place on the 2nd of September.

In closing this report I must say, with few exceptions, that the officers and men of the Twenty-second have endured the dangers and hardships of this long campaign with that bravery, fortitude, and patience only possessed by heroes and veterans. The losses in killed and wounded attest their bravery and show how gallantly they have acquitted themselves on the various fields of glory. Before recapitulating the aggregate losses I must make honorable mention of the following officers, who at the times and places specified, behaved with commendable coolness, gallantry, and bravery; At Kenesaw Mountain, June 27, Captain W. Powers, Adjutant Adams, First Lieutenants Roberts, Marshall, Graves, Gooding, and Ireland; Second Lieutenants Mayfield, Riggs, Lindson, and Moser. In front of Atlanta, August 7, First Lieutenants Gooding, Graves, and Ireland; Second Lieutenants Riggs, Lindson, Runyan, and Moser. At Jonesborough, September 1, Captain Powers, First Lieutenants Gooding, Ireland; Second Lieutenants Riggs, Moser, Lindson, and Runyan the latter two of whom were killed while bravely leading their men on to victory.

The following enlisted men, for their bravery and heroic conduct, deserve, commendation and are recommended for promotion; Sergt. Major Elias Downing, Sergts. John Caton, McCune and Rial, Company F; William H. Golden, B; Sergts. Thomas Jones, H; Tolbert and Corporal Jordan, E.

List of casualties: Commissioned officers-killed, 3; wounded, 14; total, 17. Enlisted men-killed, 40; wounded, 132; missing, 42; total, 214. Aggregate loss, 231.

Respectfully submitted.

W. H. SNODGRASS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain CHARLES SWIFT.]

Numbers 146.

Report of Major James T. Holmes, Fifty-second Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,

Atlanta, Ga., September 7, 1864

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this command in the campaign now closing:

On the morning of May 3 this regiment, moving with the brigade, left Lee and Gordon's Mills, Ga. and in the evening encamped at Ringgold, Ga. It remained near this point until the morning of the 7th, when, at daylight, with Companies A, B, and F as skirmishers it headed the column moving by the direct road upon Tunnel Hill, ten held by the enemy. The skirmishers struck

