
their first assault struck the center and left of the line, but did not succeed in dislodging us from the houses and the crest, although our loss, in proportion to the number engaged, was severe in killed, wounded, and missing. The second assault, made by at least six rebel regiments, struck and almost completely enveloped the right of the skirmish line and the reserve. the line was driven to the reserve, and the reserve. The line was driven to the reserve, and the reserve by the flank fire and the weight of numbers was forced back to the main line, then formed about fifteen paces in the rear of the reserve. At this moment Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Clancy, the commanding officer of this regiment from the 1st of May to the 19th of July, was taken prisoner, and with him the records from which this report for the period mentioned would otherwise have been made were lost. The ridge was held and the enemy repulsed. On the 20th the regiment intrenched in rear of the Eighty-sixth and One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois. On the 22nd encamped within two miles of Atlanta, on the right of the Marietta road. On the 28th the regiment formed the rear guard of a reconnaissance by the division, in rear of the right flank of the Army of the Tennessee. 29th, formed part of the second line, advancing the right flank of the army. At dusk the regiment was ordered on the skirmish line. On the 30th relieved from skirmish line by Thirtieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and moved with the brigade division distance to the right. On the 31st moved on a reconnaissance with the brigade to the right and returned. Moving with the brigade toward the right on the afternoon of the 4th and the morning of the 5th, the regiment threw up intrenchments, under a heavy fire of shells, about 10 a.m. At dusk Companies E, K, G, and B were detailed for skirmish line and were relieved on the following evening. On the 7th the main line was advanced in full view of the enemy's works and batteries, the latter playing on the troops freely. The position assigned the regiment at this point exposed it to a direct and enfilading fire from both musketry and artillery. Heavy traverses were thrown up and just completed by the night of the 12th, when a change of position was ordered. It had been impossible to work in daylight, hence the length of time required to build such works by men fatigued and harassed, fighting from dawn till eve each day. On the morning of the 13th the regiment was assigned a fortified position on the southern branch of Utoy Creek, and remained in it until 2.30 a.m. of the 19th, Companies A, F, D, and I picketing twenty-four hours mean time. On the 19th moved some two miles toward Sandtown; countermarched and crossing the branch of Utoy, lay in rear of a portion of the Twenty-third Corps until night, when we returned to camp. On the 20th marched at daylight with the brigade; reached the Montgomery railroad, six miles below East Point, about midday. The regiment was ordered to support the Twenty-second Indiana Volunteers while engaged in destroying the track. At dark reached the camp on Utoy without the loss of a man. On the 23rd Companies I, C, H, and E ordered on picket, and relieved on the 24th. On the 27th, at daylight moved out of our works, crossed Utoy, and at noon took up position facing north-northeast. On the 28th, moving with the brigade, crossed the Montgomery railroad, and encamped. On the 30th moved to the right front, near Rough and Ready, and fortified. On the 31st in the afternoon moved to the front a short distance; faced about and moved to the right in the direction of heavy firing; encamped near the left of the Army of the Tennessee.

