
September 1, moved with the brigade toward Jonesborough, passing through the works of the Seventeenth Corps, and halting. The regiments was ordered to skirmish over a hill in front. The position was occupied by the skirmish Companies A, F and D, with but little resistance. The remaining seven companies occupied the front line upon the left of the brigade, when formed for the movement upon the enemy's works, and continued to occupy that position in the movement until both the works and guns of the enemy were captured although men from many regiments of the division became mingled while engaged near the captured works and guns. By one of the casualties of battle the command of the regiment devolved upon Captain Samuel Rothacker soon after the final charge began, and remained with him until the morning of the 2d. On the 2nd the regiment encamped at Jonesborough. 3rd at 6 p.m. moved to division hospital and encamped for the night. On the 4th the regiment was ordered in advance of the train by way of Rough and Ready to Atlanta, Ga., which place was reached in the evening. The regiment was detailed as a part of the guard over a brigade of prisoners from the suburbs to the military prison, and on the following morning it was directed to its present camp.

I respectfully submit and herewith transmit a list of casualties in the command since May 3. In the body of my report I have omitted any regular allusion to the casualties in the different actions. the accompanying list I hope will be sufficiently explicit.

Of the offices whom we shall see no more, I can only say they flinched from no known duty, dying like they were, true men and true soldiers. Captain S. M. Neighbor was mortally wounded at Kenesaw; also Lieutenants Ira H. Pool and D. F. Miser. Captain P. C. Schneider and Lieutenant J. H. Donaldson were killed on the field at Peach Tree. Were I to begin making special mention of the worthy it would be difficult to avoid injustice to some. Alike to officers and men, I can say they did their duty in action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. T. HOLMES,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CHARLES SWIFT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 14th Army Corps.

List of casualties in the Fifty-second Regiment Ohio Infantry Volunteers from May 3, 1864, to September 6, 1864.

Date.	 Place of	 Offi	 Men	 Offi	 Men	 Offic	 Men

 engagement.	 cers	 	 cers	 	 ers

May 11	 Buzzard Roost	 -	 1	 -	 9	 - 	 -

 Ga..

May 15	 Resaca, Ga.	 -	 2	 1	 6	 -	 -

May 3	 Dallas, Ga.	 -	 1	 -	 4	 -	 _

Jun 27	 Kenesaw	 -	 22	 7	 76	 -	 3

 Mountain, Ga.

July 19	 Peach Tree	 2	 17	 3	 35	 1	 25

 Creek, Ga.

August 5	 Before Atlanta,	 -	 5	 1	 8	 -	 2

to 12	 Ga.

Septembe	 Jonesborough,	 -	 3	 1	 16	 -	 -

r 1	 Ga.

 Total.	 2	 51	 13	 154	 1	 30

Respectfully submitted.

J. T. HOLMES.

Major, Commanding Regiment.

