
of the creek, remained there until dark, doing valuable duty as sharpshooters. The movement of the First Brigade, along with Major-General Schofield's troops, had been so sudden, and the distance to go being less, the Second Brigade did not reach the crest of the hill until after the failure of Major-General Schofield's right and my left had become known, and I did not have it advance farther. Our whole line, from the right of the Twentieth Corps to the left of the Twenty-third, continued to occupy this ridge during the afternoon, and, having placed numerous batteries in position, shelled the rebel works with fine effect. The loss which my command sustained in the operations of this day was as follows: Casualties May 14, 1864-killed, 2 officers and 14 enlisted men; wounded, 7 officers and 112 enlisted men; total, 9 officers and 126 enlisted men.

During the day the Third Brigade, with the exception of the Eighteenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, which remained to garrison Ringgold, came up and was placed in reserve behind the other brigades. On the morning of the 15th my division was withdrawn from the line and sent to the extreme right of the corps to aid in filling a gap caused by Major-General Hooker being taken out to operate on the left of Major-General Schofield. I there connected on my right the left of the Fifteenth Corps of the Army of the Tennessee. The position was an important one, and my men worked industriously during the day and following night in advancing of those of the enemy in our front. Our skirmishers were during this time hotly engaged with those of the rebels. May 16, during the night the skirmishers in front of my Third Brigade discovered signs of a movement of the enemy, and pressing forward shortly before daybreak entered his lines and found them evacuated. Together with a party from the First Division of the corps, which advanced about the same time, they pushed on into Resaca and were the first to enter that place, and the first to discover the entire withdrawal of the rebel forces to the south side of the river, Lieutenant-Colonel Wharton, of the Tenth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, in charge of skirmishers from my Third Brigade, being the first officer who entered Resaca. The division was marched into the town and remained there until night to await the construction of bridges on which to cross the Oostenaula in pursuit. At Resaca the Eleventh Regiment Ohio Volunteers was detached from the First Brigade and left in garrison at that place, thus reducing the command by 278 men. It was soon after mustered out of the service. May 17 my wagons having been crossed over during the night, the division passed the river at 3 a.m., and, following closely upon the heels of the Fourth Corps, encamped at night two miles north of Adairsville. The advance guard of Major-General Howard had closed up with the enemy and was skirmishing throughout the afternoon with his rear. May 18, the march was continued as upon the day previous, the enemy resisting strongly to cover the withdrawal of his trains. Passing through Adairsville, my division encamped for the night four miles north of Kingston. May 19, marching through Kingston, I was there informed by Major-General Palmer that the enemy was exhibiting himself in a threatening attitude in our front, and I was ordered to post the division on a range of hills south of the town. This order was duly executed, but later, during the afternoon, other orders were received directing me to move out to the east of the town and go into line on the right of the

