
view of the rebel works upon it and within range of their batteries. Our artillery was at once put in position and kept up an effective cannonade during the afternoon while the Fourth Corps was coming into position on our right. The object in view at this point was to obtain control of the Burnt Hickory and Marietta road. Pine Mountain lying on this road commanded it. June 11, early in the day, the rebel skirmishers were driven back nearer to the base of the mountain, and my lines were advanced, but in the afternoon our whole corps was moved bout a mile to the left so as to make room for the Fourth Corps to deploy. In my new position I was on the right of our corps, connecting with the Fourth Corps, our First Division on my left. My line faced toward the south and was located about a mile north of the Marietta and Big Shanty road, fronting the northeast end of Pine Mountain. June 12 and 13, no movement took place upon our portion of the line. June 14, our whole line advanced, and my left reached the Big [Shanty] road, where it intrenched. Directly in front on the southside of the road the strongly built lines of the enemy, stretching from the base of Pine Mountain to the east, were discovered at a few hundred yards' distance. My right, nearer to the mountain, was more strongly resisted, and, although skirmishing hotly throughout the day with heavy loss, did not until dark succeed in dislodging the rebels from their rifle-pits or in gaining the road. June 15, the enemy having discovered that our lines were rapidly enveloping his advanced position of Pine Mountain, abandoned it in the night, and on the morning of the 15th we took possession of that portion of his works. He had only, however, fallen back a short distance to a line of works already constructed, but it enabled the Fourth Corps and the two right divisions of our corps to swing forward a considerable distance. My own division moved about one and a half miles to the vicinity of Smith's house, when it again came upon the pickets in front of the rebel works, and was ordered to intrench and put up batteries. I was connected with the troops of Major-General Howard on my right and with our First Division on my left. June 16 and 17, gradually driving the enemy from the woods and other strong positions held by his advanced parties, I steadily pushed forward my lines and at length established my artillery in positions highly advantageous and commanding.

During this time the practice of our gunners had been skillful and effective. We were again close up to the rebel fortifications, and they were of great strength constructed with extreme care and everywhere fully garnished with artillery. They were field-works, requiring the slow operations almost of a siege to approach them. June 18, having been instructed by the corps commander that Major-General Howard, with the Fourth Corps, intended to swing forward toward the left, so as to sweep along the enemy's line, I was at the same time ordered to conform to this movement and advance with those troops. My line of march was through a very difficult wood and morass nearly a mile in width, impassable for the artillery. It was, therefore, sent around by the left while the troops worked their way through the woods. Passing this, we came into open ground immediately in front of works of the enemy. The Fourth Corps at the same time came up on my right and a sharp encounter ensued between our men and the rebels behind their breast-works, but the unceasing and rapid fire of our line kept theirs subdued, and our loss was less than could have been expected. I immediately ordered my men to creep forward as well as they could

