
last of the rebels were withdrawn to the south bank during the previous night and the bridges were burned. Major-General Howard then moved his troops to the support of the Twenty-third Corps, and my division replaced him in his position at Pace's Ferry. I moved into this position before night. July 11, from this date until the 17th my command remained stationary, picketing the river-bank. In the interval the Twenty-third Regiment Missouri Volunteers, assigned by Major-General Thomas to my First Brigade, came up and joined the command. The Second Brigade likewise came forward from Marietta, leaving only the Second Regiment Minnesota Volunteers at that place, and rejoined the division. In the same interval also Brigadier-General Turchin was compelled to go North for the benefit of his health, and the command of the brigade devolved upon Colonel M. B. Walker, Thirty-first Ohio, who has retained it until this time. July 17, pontoon bridges having been completed at Pace's Ferry, and the Fourth Corps from above having cleared the opposite shore, we crossed the river, the First and Second Divisions preceding mine. July 18, the corps advanced, passing Nancy's Creek at Kyle's Ferry, and encamped at night with our advance at Howell's Mill, on Peach Tree Creek, the Twentieth Corps being a little above us on our left. July 19, most of the day was spent in reconnoitering the creek, which was deep, and the bridges being destroyed, the passage was difficult, In front of Howell's Mill, the point occupied by the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, the crossing was strongly disputed, and the character of the ground admitted of such easy defense that to have forced a passage must have been hazardous and attended with much loss. In the afternoon, however, the Second Division succeeded in getting over lower down, and I, being in reserve, sent my First Brigade to cross with it. I had at first been directed by Major-General Thomas to cross my division at that place, but on going there and finding it occupied by Brigadier-General Davis, the order was modified by the corps commander, and a single one of my brigades sent to support him. This brigade, having crossed, got into position about dark, Twentieth Corps, higher up the stream, had likewise got over during the afternoon, and this doubtless induced the force in front of Brigadier-General Johnson to retire. As soon as it had done so I was ordered with my Second and Third Brigades to pass to the front of him and cross at the mill. I began the movement soon after dark, being obliged in the first place to build a temporary bridge and by midnight had the two brigades well intrenched upon the heights on the south side of the creek. July 20, at daylight Brigadier-General Johnson's division crossed over and went into position on my left; it also made a connection with the Twentieth Corps on the other flank. I at the same time moved forward my Third Brigade, and forming it on the left of the First, which had crossed with the command of Brigadier-General Davis pushed the two out and took possession of an important range of wooded hills half a mile to the front of my first location. As these troops went into position, and, indeed, throughout the day, they were subjected to a very galling fire from rebel batteries which were posted beyond the ridge and out of our reach. To enable these two brigades to make a still farther advance I posted my two batteries at a point on Brigadier-General Johnson's front, from which they would have a cross-fire upon the wooded ground over which the troops must pass.

