
rear and took position on our right, and on the 28th was attacked by the rebel army in force, making one of the chief battles of the campaign. A single change in the strength of my command took place at that time-the Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, being ordered to Vining's Station, on August 3, never afterward returned, being mustered out at that point.

August 3, the Fourteenth Army Corps, having received orders to move to the extreme right of the army, with the view of forming a column of support upon the right flank of Major-General Schofield's command, to protect, cover, and sustain him in certain offensive operations which he proposed to carry into execution, marched on this morning. My division, in rear of the other two, came up with them already encamped about two miles to the north of Utoy Creek, and passing through them and also through the lines of Brigadier-General Cox's division, of the Twenty-third Corps, the head of my column came up to the creek near an old mill. On the way I was informed that Brigadier-General Hascall's division, of the same corps, was about to cross the stream, and I was ordered to move my column so as to cover his right flank. When I arrived at his position he had already gotten over and with but little resistance, and was establishing his line on the first range of open hills to the left to the road. It was then about 5 p.m., when, meeting Major-General Sherman, I was ordered by him to put my division in line on Brigadier-General Hascall's right, but to throw back my own right so as to rest on the creek. This order was at once carried into execution, yet it was quite dark before all the troops got into position. My line taking the highest ground stretched along the road for the length of a brigade beyond Brigadier-General Hascall, and then bent to the rear. Its length was so great that I was required to put nearly all my troops in a single line while the division just formed on my left was compactly formed and held a brigade in reserve. This disposition I thought strange, since I had been sent out simply to support another division while it performed a certain work. August 4, in the morning, my lines were rectified so as to conform better to the ground, the batteries were put in position, and the works thrown up during the night strengthened. About midday, as no movement of the troops on my left seemed to be in preparation, although I was told that an advance was contemplated, I reported in person at the headquarters of the corps two miles back of the creek,and while there I saw the First and Second Divisions of the corps just moving out and passing toward the front. I then returned to my command, and soon after received a written order from Major-General Palmer directing me to advance my right with a view to gaining the high ground on my right front, and informing me that Brigadier-General Morgan would cross the creek on my right and support the movement. It also stated that this movement was intended as a preliminary to an advance upon the enemy's works, should that be judged expedient or ordered, and for which I would be expected to furnish the assaulting column. It further directed me to push out my skirmishers and begin the movement as soon as Brigadier-General Morgan should begin crossing. A little later I received another written order, also from Major-General Palmer, stating that it was intended that I should push out with Brigadier-General Hascall as far as practicable and reconnoiter the enemy's works, and directing me to attack in column if the works could be carried. The first part of these instructions had

