
found the head of Brigadier-General Cox's column well closed up in rear of my left, but I was informed that Brigadier-General Hascall would make no movement during the day, as his lines were already so close to those of the enemy that a farther advance was not possible. When I did finally receive authentic orders from my commanding officer for a movement I had not yet heard from Brigadier-General Morgan, who was to move on my right flank. I did not know how far below us he had crossed the creek, nor how far distant he might be, but convinced from my experience of the day before that, if anything was to be accomplished, I must act independently of connections, taking care of my own flanks, I instructed my officers accordingly. the reconnaissance of the night previous had made us thoroughly acquainted with the ground we were to pass over, as well as with the position which we wished to take up, and it took but a short time to prepare for the move. A doubly strong skirmish line was thrown out from each brigade, supported by heavy reserves, and the troops were prepared to follow. A perfect understanding was then established between the officers along the line, and at a signal given about 8 o'clock the skirmishers dashed forward. The more distant rifle-pits which had been taken the evening before, but not held by us, had been reoccupied by a largely increased force, and much strengthened, with orders to the rebel officers in charge to hold them to the last extremity. This order, by keeping them there, enabled us to take more prisoners than we would otherwise have done. Our men were met by a very heavy fire, but pushed on so rapidly that the struggle was of short duration, and a few minutes put us in possession of all the ground up to within short musket-range of the rebel main works. With the capture of the rebel skirmish line the forward movement of my troops was brought to an end, but their exposure to the fire of the main works did not cease. The regiments being brought up to take position and intrench themselves upon the new line were subjected throughout the day to a galling musketry fire from the rebel main works, as well as from his batteries, from which our loss was considerable. In the very handsome charge of the skirmish line Captain Michael Stone, of the Thirty-first Ohio Volunteers, commanded the skirmishers of the First Brigade; Major R. C. Sabin, Eighty-seventh Indiana, those of the Second Brigade, and Major William Irving, Thirty-eighth Ohio, those of the Third Brigade, and deserve special mention for their gallantry. Major William Irving was wounded in the leg, which has since been amputated, and a little later in the day the brave Lieutenant Colonel Myron Baker, commanding the Seventy-fourth Indiana, was shot dead whilst putting his regiment in the line. My casualties amounted in all to 5 officers and 78 enlisted men killed and wounded, whilst we captured about 140 prisoners. All engaged in this affair, both officers and men, behaved as handsomely as men could do, and are deserving of the highest praise. When I first got into position the Second Division had not yet come up, and my two right regiments were refused so as to cover that flank; but later, when those troops did arrive, all were brought up on the same line. Whilst I was making my advance, and throughout the day and until dark, no movement was made by the troops of the Twenty-third Corps on my left, although the line of rebel rifle-pits captured by my men extended along Brigadier-General Hascall's front, and could have been carried easily by a charge simultaneously with mine. They were the same pits which were taken two days

