
On the 22nd of August Brigadier-General Davis, having received the brevet of major-general, and been assigned to the command of the Fourteenth Corps, relieved Brigadier-General Johnson, who was transferred out of the corps. August 26, a general movement of the entire army to the right, by which we were to break off from our railroad communications and throw ourselves upon the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, having been decided upon, the Fourth and Twentieth Corps had already been withdrawn from before the city, and on the night of the 26th the Fourteenth Corps and the Army of the Tennessee were also to withdraw and pass to the right, going in rear of the Twenty-third Corps, and of the Fourth Corps, then in position on the right of the former. The operation of withdrawing from such close proximity to the enemy was one of much delicacy. At 8 p.m. the Army of the Tennessee and the First Division of our (Fourteenth) corps drew out and began the march, leaving my division on the extreme left. I should have marched immediately after them, but for delays and detention caused by the trains of other commands and the artillery, I did not feel authorized to quit my position until nearly 3 o'clock. The enemy was doubtless apprised by the noise of our trains and artillery that some movement was taking place, and opened upon us from his batteries, but beyond this we were not disturbed, and withdrew most successfully. August 27, arriving at the left of the Twenty-third Corps, our troops were formed upon it, facing to the north to cover the further withdrawal and arrangement of the train, and we remained in that position until the following morning. August 28, we again marched, my division following the Second, which formed the head of the column. The advance guard of that division had some little skirmishing, which did not delay our march, and in the afternoon we went into position near Red Oak Station, on the West Point railroad. We formed line south of the road, Brigadier-General Morgan on my right, and Brigadier-General Carlin, commanding the First Division on my left, reaching to the railroad. The Fourth Corps prolonged our line, and was north of the road. August 29, the army remained stationary, and the troops were employed in destroying the railroad, in making reconnaissances, and in cutting roads. August 30, we moved on in a southeasterly direction, and reaching the Rough and Ready and Fayette road at Couch's house, took position there for the night. The Army of the Tennessee was a few miles distant on the right; the Fourth Corps connected with the Fourteenth on the left, and the Twenty-third Corps was still farther to the left, toward Rough and Ready. August 31, having heard trains of the enemy during the night moving south along our front, our skirmishers pushed out and at daybreak discovered them, although at a considerable distance, still moving that direction. They were on a road to the east of Flint River. As soon as this was reported to me I sent forward a battery, supported by Colonel Walker's brigade, and opened fire of shell upon the wagons, which compelled them to turn back and quit the road. A reconnoitering party from this brigade was then pushed forward about two miles crossing Flint River, and until it reached the Rough and Ready and Jonesborough road near Smith's, and immediately after the entire division, with Colonel Mitchell's brigade, of the Second Division, ordered to report to me, were brought up and posted at this point. As soon as our troops had secured themselves in this position, about 4 p.m. I detailed Colonel Carlton's regiment, of the First Brigade, together with large parties from each of the

