
other two brigades, and sent them forward with orders to reach the Macon railroad, if possible and if they were able, to hold themselves upon it. The party struck that road at Morrow's or Chapman's, Station, a point four miles from Jonesborough seven miles from Rough and Ready and about two and a half miles from our position. The road was reached about 6 p.m. and as considerable party of rebel cavalry encountered there, and, as the nature of the country admitted readily of our men being cut off from the division, Colonel Carlton, after destroying three cars which he had captured, fell back some quarter of a mile to higher ground on the edge of the woods. As soon as I learned of this success and that the railroad was so remote from the rest of our troops, I sent out Colonel Gleason's brigade to occupy a ridge nearly a mile in our font, and detached three other regiments to strengthen the party on the railroad. The whole of this detachment being then under the command of Colonel Hunter, Eighty-second Indiana Volunteers, the senior officer, he again moved it up to the road, and after putting up a defensive work, which occupied most of the night, he set his men to work to take up the track. It was not until late that I learned that the Fourth and Twenty-third Corps had also reached the railroad near Rough and Ready, and were there intrenching. My little party moved ut independent of every one else and although opposed and constantly menaced by the rebel cavalry, struck the road some miles in advance of any other. Colonel Hunter and his officers and men deserve much credit for their enterprise and determination.

September 1, about 8 a.m. I received notice that the Fourteenth Corps would be concentrated at my position on the Jonesborough road, to move by it toward that place, whilst the Fourth Corps would move simultaneously along the railroad, I being also directed to withdraw my men from it so as to be ready for the movement. Brigadier-General Carlin's division coming in from the rear, took the advance along the road, and was followed by that of Brigadier- General Morgan. Whilst waiting for these troops to stretch out upon the road, my party from the road was clear for me to march.

BATTLE OF JONESBOROUGH.

On arriving near the creek, two miles north of Jonesborough, I met Major-General Thomas, and was informed that Brigadier-General Morgan had already formed beyond the creek, connecting with the left of the Army of the Tennessee, that Brigadier-General Carlin had also crossed, and was forming to the left of Brigadier-General Morgan, and I was expected to go into line on the left of Carlin. Morgan's skirmishers were then engaged with those of the enemy, but Carlin's had not yet struck them. I at once turned to the left, leaving the high road, to march toward my position, and as the head of my column the high road, to march toward my position and as the head of my column passed the creek, I met one of my staff officers, whom I had sent out in advance, bringing orders from General Davis. He directed me to post my division in rear of an interval between Brigadier-Generals Morgan and Carlin through which he was fearful that the enemy would pass, and the precise ground on which it was desired that I should form was pointed out. General Davis, coming up immediately after, confirmed the correctness of the disposition. Before, however, this order could be executed, I received another, directing this division to form on Brigadier-General Carlin and pro-

