
of thirty minutes' time. Among those who fell was the gallant Colonel Choate, of the Thirty-eighth Ohio, who was since died of his wounds. Major Wilson, commanding the Fourteenth Ohio, lost his leg, and numerous others of our best officers and men on this glorious occasion sacrificed themselves upon the altar of their country. For the names of those who particularly distinguished themselves, I refer to reports of brigades and regiments. On no occasion within my own knowledge has the use of the bayonet been so general or so well authenticated. Three brothers named Noe, of the Tenth Kentucky, went over the rebel parapet together, and two of them pinned their adversaries to the ground with the bayonet, and as an officer of the Seventy-fourth Indiana was about to be bayoneted by a rebel, a soldier warded off the blow, and, after some moments of fencing, transfixed his antagonist. These, as the wounded rebels show, are but isolated instances.

The brigade captured 426 prisoners, including 55 officers from the rank of colonel down. They were from the Second, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Kentucky; the Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Arkansas; the Twenty-eighth, Thirty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Alabama; the Twenty-fourth South Carolina, and the Sixty-third Virginia Regiments. It also captured the battle-flags of the Sixth and Seventh Arkansas Regiments, and the battery flag heretofore spoken of. In closing the report of this battle, and while testifying to the heroic conduct of all officers and men of the brigade, I cannot overlook the splendid gallantry of Colonel Este, commanding it. His horse was shot under him and his clothing torn with bullets, yet the retained the utmost coolness and managed his command with a high degree of judgment and skill. I hope that he will receive the reward which his service merits. I must also make honorable mention of the bravery of Captain J. W. Acheson, the only staff officer I had with me, who was wounded while riding with me in the charge. My First and Second Brigades were not actively engaged in this battle, but held themselves close in reserve. After dark Colonel Walker relieved Colonel Este's brigade on the line, and remained in that position during the night. Colonel Gleason remained in reserve. Both of these brigades sustained slight losses. September 2, the enemy having evacuated Jonesborough during the night and fallen back on the Macon road, our army pursued. The Fourteenth Corps, however, was left behind as the rear guard of the grand army. September 3, it was announced that Atlanta had been evacuated, and our campaign was at an end. In this long, remarkable, and glorious campaign the soldiers of this army have endured fatigues, sufferings, and privations which will never be known or related.

The quiet and heroic patience with which all has been undergone, and duty performed, whilst establishing for them the highest reputation as soldiers, will still tend to cause their hardships to be forgotten. Starting without transportation and with only the supplies for an expedition of three or six weeks, these things have been required to last for four months, so that often our officers, lying in the dirt and rain for days without shelter, have been unable to preserve the ordinary cleanliness which is essential to health, and many have broken down for want of proper food. During the greater part of the time our men have lain constantly under the enemy's fire, at every moment liable to be picked off, whilst the sound, not of distant artillery and musketry, but of the closely whistling bullet and bursting shell, has seldom been out of their ears. The rest

48 R R--VOL XXXVIII, PT I

