
The division captured during the four months 908 men, including 61 officers. One hundred and forty-seven of these desired to be sent to the rear and classed as deserters, the rest as prisoners of war. It will be seen by this that while the division has not lost in all 20 prisoners, that it has taken from the rebel army, independent of those killed and wounded, almost as many men as it has lost in battle. Some flags have been captured but not all turned over to me. Of material trophies, however, we have obtained little except arms of no great value to our army. This long record would be incomplete should I fail to mention especially the five officers who, as brigade commanders, have been my chief assistants in the campaign--Brigadier General J. B. Turchin, one of the most thoroughly educated and scientific soldiers in the country, and a more devoted patriot than most of these born upon our soil, commanded the First Brigade with distinguished ability during the first half of the campaign. He was then, by a failure of health, compelled to resign, thus inflicting a great loss upon the service. Colonel F. Van Derveer, Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, the brave and accomplished commander of the Second Brigade at Chickamauga and at Mission Ridge, remained with the command until the end of June. He also, has, by expiration of service, been returned to civil life. Colonel George P. Este, who was commanded the Third Brigade during the campaign; Colonel N. Gleason, who has succeeded Colonel Van Derveer in command of the Second Brigade, and Colonel M. B. Walker, who has succeeded Brigadier-General Turchin, have all exhibited a high degree of capacity. Their devotion to duty, their bravery in action, and their distinguished services throughout the campaign, merit reward, and I recommend them for promotion or brevets. To the officers of my staff my own thanks and the gratitude of the command are due for the efficient manner in which their duties have been performed, and the promptness with which we have been kept supplied. Those who have remained with me in the field, sharing all the hardships, privations, and dangers of the campaign are deserving of special honorable mention. They are--Major J. A. Lowrie, assistant adjutant-general; Major J. A. Connolly, One hundred and twenty-third Illinois Volunteers, assistant inspector-general; Captain John Moulton, Second Minnesota Volunteers, provost-marshal; Captain E. K. Buttrick, Thirty-first Wisconsin Volunteers; Captain John W. Acheson, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant I. C. Lawver, Ninety-second Illinois Volunteers, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant George K. Sanderson, Fifteenth U. S. Infantry, assistant commissary of musters and acting aide-de-camp, and Surg. F. Lloyd, U. S. Volunteers, medical director. I commend these officers to the favorable notice of any commanders with whom they may hereafter serve.

Respectfully submitted.

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain A. C. McCLURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

