
ing in a succession of high hills and deep gorges, covered with an almost impenetrably dense growth of timber, rendering it a very difficult matter for troops to advance in line. On reaching the second line of hills we passed our skirmish line, and were struck by the enemy's fire from their line, which had evidently been strengthened into a formidable line. The enemy also opened a heavy fire from artillery. Our lines steadily advanced, driving back the enemy, until we reached the crest of the last line of hills, from which, for the first time, we gained a view of the enemy's intrenched lines. Our advance was here to some extent checked, some of the men in the lines stopping and lying down behind the crests of the hills, but the main portion of the lines rushed down the hill and charged toward the enemy's works, under a most murderous fire of canister and shell from the enemy's batteries, as well as the musketry from their lines. Our lines suddenly found themselves confronted by a deep, narrow stream, with quick-sand in places, and steep, muddy banks. The enemy's sharpshooters were posted here, but fled precipitately back to their works before our men. No assaulting column had been formed. The creek proved a bar to our advance. Our troops sprang into the creek and opened fire on the rebel lines, then within from seventy-five to one hundred yards of the enemy's works. This creek proved a protection to us and a source of great annoyance to the enemy, as we gained an enfilading fire upon one lien of his works and quickly drove the troops out of this line. It then appearing that our troops had fallen back from the hills, and the number of men who had gained a protection from the creek and remained there being very small and very much exposed, Colonel M. B. Walker, being the ranking officer of the brigade present in the creek, ordered the men to fall back in single file, covering themselves the best way they could from the enemy's fire, at the same time keeping up as rapid a fire as possible from the creek, and making it difficult for the enemy to use his artillery, except from one battery, or to fire from his lines. The Seventeenth Ohio, Thirty-first Ohio, Ninety-second Ohio, and Eighty-second Indiana were in the front line, but both lines advanced to the creek, the officers and men with scarcely a single exception behaving most gallantly. Our lines were quickly reformed in good ordered and posted on the first ridge in front of the rebel works. In this charge and affair the brigade lost in killed 2 officers and 14 men, in wounded 7 offices and 112 men. For full particulars I refer to the reports of the regimental commanders. On the 15th the brigade moved to a position in reserve, two and a half miles from Resaca. About 10 p. m. the brigade was ordered to arms by an attack made by the enemy on our front line. During the night the enemy retreated across the Oostenaula River. On the 16th the brigade moved across the river in pursuit of the enemy. Here the Eleventh Ohio Infantry was detached from the brigade and ordered to garrison Resaca. On the 17th the brigade moved through Calhoun to a point three miles north of Adairsville. On the 18th the brigade moved, and encamped for the night four miles north of Kingston. On the 19th marched nine miles, and encamped on the railroad five miles south of Kingston. 20th, 21st, and 22d, remained in camp. On the 22nd the Twenty-fourth Illinois Infantry was detached for garrison duty at Kingston. On the 23rd crossed the Etowah River at Island Ford and encamped on Euharlee Creek, three miles from Euharlee. On the 24th moved one mile on the

