
7th, 8th, and 9th, remained in position. On the 10th moved to Pace's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River. The Twenty-third Missouri Infantry here joined the brigade. On the 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, and 16th remained in camp. On the 15th Brigadier-General Turchin received a leave of absence on account of sickness, and Colonel M. B. Walker, Thirty-first Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, assigned to the command by seniority. On the 17th we crossed the Chattahoochee River on pontoons, and encamped in reserve about one mile from the river. On the 18th advanced about two miles on the Atlanta road. On the 19th advanced to Peach Tree Creek; spent most of the day reconnoitering the enemy's position and skirmishing along the creek until 5 p. m. Was ordered to advance one regiment to the support of General Davis' left; ordered to Eighty-ninth Ohio, under command of Colonel Carlton, to this duty; half an hour later was directed, if possible, to cross the brigade; sent the Eighty-second Indiana in support of the Eighty-ninth Ohio, under Colonel Hunter. I would fail in my duty were I not to mention the gallant conduct of these two regiments. The enemy had a strong line of skirmishers posted on the opposite side of the stream, well protected by rifle-pits and heavy timber, which skirted the open field on the opposite bank of the stream and commanded every approach to the ford. General Davis' left brigade had been brought under a heavy fire on the right of the ford, where a very brisk fight was going at the time Colonel Carlton led his regiment into the stream. The crossing, from the depth of the water, uneven bottom, and muddy banks, was difficult. Colonel Hunter, ever prompt to obey an order and discharge a duty, had hastened the march of his regiment, so that the head of his column reached the ford before Colonel Carlton's left was over. Both regiments bounded through the stream (which struck the men at the waist) with an alacrity and energy truly surprising. Instantly, on reaching the opposite bank, Colonel Carlton deployed his regiment, charged and drove the enemy from his rifle-pits, Colonel Hunter moving close in support. Captain W. B. Curtis, assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff, rendered the most efficient service, being personally present to superintend the movement, and won the admiration of all who saw him by his daring gallantry. The rest of the brigade, under my own direction, was hastened forward, and the whole command crossed over. The line advanced to the edge of the timber, and works were soon constructed to protect the men. The night which followed was one of great watchfulness and care. The brigade lay exposed, but our works, under the energetic industry of officers and men, soon became too formidable for the enemy to charge, and we remained in position without anything of importance occurring during the night. Our loss in crossing was very small; for exact number I refer to accompanying reports. On the 20th we pressed forward our lines gradually, under a heavy fire from the enemy. 21st, advanced about half a mile with heavy skirmishing in front. Sent forward the Thirty-first Ohio to take and occupy a high hill on our front. This was gallantly achieved with light loss. On the 22nd we marched toward Atlanta; met the enemy about two and a half miles from the city; formed a line of battle in front of the enemy's works under a sharp fire of artillery and musketry; remained in this position from the 23rd to the 31st inclusive, skirmishing with the enemy, and much of the time exposed to an annoying fire from artillery planted upon the works around Atlanta.

