
During the time we were in this position two of my regiments, the Twenty-third Missouri and Eighty-second Indiana, deserve honorable mention for having each driven the enemy from an advanced position; captured, held, and fortified the same. The loss of the Eighty-second Indiana was trifling in this affair; that of the Twenty-third Missouri more serious. The taking of these two points rendered it an easy matter for the troops on our right (Sixteenth Corps) to gain an advanced position.

August 1 and 2, remained in camp. Early on the morning of the 3rd marched to the right of the Army of the Tennessee. Late in the afternoon crossed Utoy Creek under a heavy artillery fire; advanced about three-quarters of a mile upon the enemy, driving back his skirmishers, and taking up a position from 250 to 400 yards in front of the enemy's works. We did not get into position until after dark. The night was very dark and rain fell in great quantities, rendering it very unpleasant for the men to work, but morning found us behind works of sufficient strength to enable us to repel any assault the enemy could have made. Such was the nature of our position here that it became necessary to watch our right flank vigilantly, and my brigade was placed in position almost perpendicular to the rear and right of Colonel Gleason's brigade. On the 4th sent the Eighty-second Indiana, Eighty-ninth Ohio, and Twenty-third Missouri, under Colonel Hunter, to support the Second Brigade in a reconnaissance; took the enemy's rifle-pits and captured about 30 prisoners. On the 5th advanced our skirmish line and again took the enemy's rifle-pits and captured 56 prisoners out of the works; took up an advanced position, posting the Seventeenth Ohio and Twenty-third Missouri on the right of the Second Brigade; Thirty-first, Eighty-ninth, and Ninety-second Ohio and Eighty-second Indiana on the left of the Third Brigade; advanced our lines a third time to within 200 yards of the enemy's main line. This position has been a very trying one, and our losses in gaining and holding it will be seen to be heavier than in any of our former operations except at Resaca.

I have no doubt General Turchin will furnish a report of the operations of the brigade during the time he commanded it. I have, therefore, endeavored to condense this as far as possible, but to report the operations of a single brigade through an entire campaign of over 100 days is not a work which can in justice be limited to a very small compass. To speak of the officers and men I must confine myself mainly to generalities. Where all have done so well, defying danger and disregarding hardships and privations, it would be almost invidious to point to the merits of a single man. I might occupy much space in individualizing. None, however, can consider themselves neglected where all are approbated. During the time I have commanded the brigade I have had opportunity of proving the composition of my staff. Captain W. B. Curtis, assistant adjutant-general; Captain M. B. W. Harman, acting assistant quartermaster; Captain James J. Donohoe, acting commissary of subsistence; Captain E. G. Dudley, provost-marshal; Captain Edward Grosvenor, inspector; Captain A. Whedon, acting aide-de-camp, have each and all discharged their duties in the most commendable manner. I would not neglect the opportunity of acknowledging my obligation to the regimental commanders of the brigade, their gentlemanly and soldier-like bearing, their willingness and zeal in the execution of all orders, their dignified deportment before their own commands, their

