
unwearied attention to the wants and comforts of their men, their uniform cheerfulness and zealous approbation of everything done by the army, their constantly expressed desire to stop at nothing short of the full accomplishment of the entire object of the campaign, all go to place me under a debt of gratitude and to entitle them to the favor of their country. The line officers of the brigade, with but very rare exceptions, have distinguished themselves by their ability, zeal, and gallantry. Owing to the very limited number of line officers serving with the regiments, their labors have been constant, unremitting, and arduous. I cannot speak in detail of their good conduct; the limits of my report will not admit. I cannot, however, omit to mention the brilliant gallantry of Captain Michael Stone, Thirty-first Ohio, who, on the morning of the 5th instant, in charge of the skirmish line, charged the rebel rifle-pits, taking the works and capturing 2 lieutenants and 54 non-commissioned officers and privates. The command has been well supplied throughout the campaign with all necessary quartermaster and commissary stores, Captains Harman and Donohoe being ever vigilant and active in promoting the interests of the brigade. I append a small map* showing the rebel position charged by this brigade on the 14th of May, in front of Resaca, which may not be entirely accurate, being made from a pencil sketch of my own taken under disadvantageous circumstances. I forward herewith reports of the regimental commanders excepting those of the Nineteenth and Twenty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, which I am unable to obtain, those regiments having been mustered out of service. I also forward report of casualties,* all of which are respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. B. WALKER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Major JAMES A. LOWRIE:]
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade from the 7th day of August to the 8th instant, inclusive:

On the 7th of August the brigade remained in its old position on the hills southeast of Utoy Creek, holding our advanced lines on the left of the division, as well as the right, having four regiments, the Thirty-first, Eighty-ninth, and Ninety-second Ohio and Eighty-second Indiana on the left, and the Seventeenth Ohio and Twenty-third Missouri on the right. On the 7th I pressed forward my line to a new position about 200 yards from the enemy's works; took up and fortified a line from which we held the enemy close within his lines, compelling him to keep his men constantly covered behind his works. About 100 men of the Eighty-second Indiana were sent forward to fight for this new position, whilst the main line was advanced and the position fortified. Almost one-fourth of this gallant little band (22) were killed or wounded during the day. Each of my other regiments, especially the Thirty-first and Seventeenth Ohio, suffered severely whilst we occupied this position. It was here the noble young Ruffner gave up his life for his country. Captains Stone and Barber, of the Thirty-first Ohio, were both wounded here, the latter

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

