
shells as though they were so many clubs thrown amongst them. As we could do but little good, and being exposed to such a terrible fire, we were ordered by our brigade commander to fall back to the top of the hill, where we took position and threw up works. In this charge of my regiment lost in killed and wounded 23 men and officers, which are embraced in the list hereto attached. On the next morning we moved farther to the right and took position on the line. So tightly were we drawing our lines around the enemy that during the night he evacuated his works. The next morning we moved out in pursuit and camped for the night at Resaca, unable to go farther in consequence of the bridge across the river at that point being destroyed. From thence we proceeded with the grand army in pursuit of Johnston's retreating forces, frequently skirmishing with him, and often forming lines of battle either to advance for the purpose of attacking him or receiving an attack from him, until May 24, at which time we were some ten miles beyond the Etowah River, when our brigade was detailed to guard the train, which we continued to do until June 11, when we again joined our corps and moved upon the enemy, who was in a strong fortified position some five miles from Kenesaw Mountain. He soon gave way, and we continued to drive him from one position to another until the 18th, when he again occupied strong works. Here my regiment fortified in a very exposed and dangerous position, but such was our extreme care that we had but 1 man wounded, to wit, Private John Linenweber, Company G, whose name appears in the list hereto attached. When we were once fixed we soon made the rebel works so uncomfortable that they were compelled to abandon them, which they did under the cover of the night. The next morning, the 19th, we pursued them until they entered strong works previously prepared at Kenesaw Mountain; where they again seemingly took root and offered a most stubborn resistance. Here for some twelve days we were exposed to a very heavy fire from shell and musketry, but we fortified with such care that we were protected from all direct shots and only suffered from the stray ones, as we passed from one point to another. The works of both parties all along the line were but a short distance apart, and it was almost instant death for one of either side to expose himself in the least, as sharpshooters were at work all the time. While here our loss was 5 in killed and wounded. Their names appear in the list hereto attached.

On the night of July 2 the enemy again gave way and we pressed him so closely that we compelled him to seek shelter in strong works previously prepared on either side of the Chattahoochee River. By degrees we advanced our lines and made his works so untenable that on the 9th of July, under the cover of the night, he withdrew all of his forces on the south side of the river and burned the railroad bridge across the same as he retired. In advancing our lines, Sergt. George W. King, Company A, was killed, and Private Barringer, Company B, wounded. On the afternoon of the 17th we crossed the river and commenced our advance upon Atlanta, meeting with serious resistance in crossing Peach Tree Creek, a small but deep stream with difficult banks. On the evening of the 19th my regiment and the Eighty-ninth Ohio were sent to support the Third Brigade, of Davis' division, of our corps, in forcing a crossing of that creek, which was accomplished after a very severe fight, in which Davis' brigade suffered terribly, but fortunately my regiment escaped almost unharmed, 3 men only being wounded; yet the firing was

