
ment of the brigade, and the gallantry displayed by each in the handling of his troops upon the field of danger, I, in behalf of the men and officers of my regiment, return to each their sincerest thanks.

Respectfully submitted.

MORTON C. HUNTER,

Colonel Eighty-second Regiment Indiana Vol. Infty.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SECOND Regiment INDIANA VOL. INFTY.,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: My report up to the 6th of August last, closing with Major-General Palmer's command of said corps, gave a general account of the part taken by my regiment in the great campaign for Atlanta to that date, but as the movements since have been but a continuation of those then in progress, I shall commence where I then left off and give a general summary of the part taken by my command to the present time. On the next day, to with, August 7, my regiment, still occupying the front line southwest of the city, furnished all the pickets for one brigade, to wit, fifty-five in number, under command of First Lieutenant Michael E. Bunger, Company F. On the same day the picket-line was ordered to be advanced, and I was directed to furnish fifty additional men from my regiment to support the line, which I did, and sent them under command of Second Lieutenants E. J. Robinson, Company B, and J. K. McIlhenny, Company D. In advancing the line my men were exposed to a most deadly fire, the enemy being strongly intrenched in rifle-pits, but they accomplished their work without faltering, driving the enemy into his main works. Our loss was heavy, some of our bravest and best men having fallen. The killed and wounded numbered 22; their names appear in the list* hereto attached. On the night of the 11th we moved still farther to the right, where we found the rebels in strong works, but we soon confronted them with those equally as formidable. While in that position we made two reconnaissances to the right and front, with two brigades from each division of our corps, for the purpose of ascertaining more thoroughly the position of the enemy, preparatory to making a grand flank movement, which we commenced on the evening of the 26th of August, the whole army moving in conjunction, except the Twentieth Corps, which fell back and occupied the crossings of the Chattahoochee River in strong works, the grand object of our move being to strike the Macon and Atlanta Railroad and sever the enemy's communications. On the evening of the 31st my regiment, with the Thirty-first and Eighty-ninth Ohio and Seventy-fifth Indiana, all under my command, aided by Captains Curtis, Whedon, and Grosvenor, of Colonel Walker's staff, moved and occupied the railroad at what is known as Morrow's, or Chapman's, Station, which I believe was the first point at which the road was reached. When we advanced the position was held by rebel cavalry, but they soon gave way before our skirmish line, which was under command of Major Jolly, of the Eighty-ninth Ohio. We spent the night in fortifying our position on the road, which was in the form of a square, one regiment being

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 3 men killed and 19 men wounded.

---------------

