
placed on each side. The works were made very strong and wound have withstood a heavy and prolonged fight. We remained in possession of the road until the next day about 11 o'clock, when we were ordered to join our division. While upon the road we burned one car and tore up and destroyed about one mile of the track.

About 1 p. m. of the 1st of September we moved with our corps against the enemy in the direction of Jonesborough. After driving him some two miles, he took shelter in strong works previously prepared, where he was attacked by different portions of the corps, the most difficult being that part of the line charged by the Third Brigade of our division, supported by our brigade. This charge was one of the most brilliant and successful of the war, as the enemy were driven from strong works and sustained heavier losses than we did. While supporting the Third Brigade in this bloody charge our brigade was sheltered by the position of the ground, and, therefore, we sustained but slight loss, the shots mostly passing over our heads. In my regiment only 2 men were wounded. Their names appear in the list. During the night heavy and continued sounds similar to artillery were heard in the direction of Atlanta, which proved to be the exploding of ammunition, the rebels having evacuated the city. On the next morning it was discovered that the rebels had retreated from our front, leaving us in possession of the field. Thus ended the greatest and most successful movement of the war, which resulted in the capture of Atlanta, the great prize of the campaign, and without boasting I feel proud of the part taken by the Fourteenth Corps, and especially that of our division. The campaign lasted four months and one day, the most protracted that the world's history will ever record, and notwithstanding the heat, rain, and dust to which the officers and men have been exposed and the enormous amount of labor performed by them, frequently broken of their rest for several nights in succession, still they appear as healthy and far more cheerful than when the campaign began. I attribute it alone to the fact that they feel that they are engaged in the most sacred cause upon earth--that of preserving their Government--and that their labors have been crowned with success. In closing, I beg leave to express to all my superior officers the feelings of satisfaction of the officers and men of my command for the able and efficient manner in which the troops have been handled and the campaign conducted, which has resulted in the most brilliant achievement even won by American arms.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

MORTON C. HUNTER,

Colonel Eighty-second Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 150.

Reports of Colonel William P. Robinson, Twenty-third Missouri Infantry, of operations July 10-September 8.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 21, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Agreeably to orders received from Colonel Walker, commanding brigade, I have the honor to report the movements of the Twenty-third Missouri Infantry Volunteer(s) since joining the brigade. I reported with seven companies of my regiment (three

