
companies having been left at McMinnville, Tenn., to garrison that post) to Brigadier-General Turchin, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, near Vining's Station, Ga., on the 10th day of July, 1864, and encamped on the north side of the Chattahoochee River. On the 17th we moved with the brigade across the river without opposition. On the 19th crossed Peach Tree Creek under a heavy fire from the rebel skirmishers and threw up earth-works. On the 20th moved forward again to obtain a more suitable position on the right of the brigade. On the 26th three companies of my regiment arrived from McMinnville, Tenn. On the 28th were ordered to advance the skirmish lines, which was done under a heavy, enfilading fire. On the 7th of August Companies D and E and a portion of F, on the skirmish line, were ordered to advance. A severe engagement ensued with the enemy's skirmishers, driving them to their main works, but [we] were forced to retire. During the night the regiment advanced and threw up a line of works. On the 12th we were relieved from the front line of works and placed in reserve. Have remained in camp with the exception of the 19th and 20th, when we were out on a reconnaissance with the brigade.*

W. P. ROBINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFTY.,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part performed by the Twenty-third Missouri Volunteer Infantry in the campaign just closed, from the 6th of August lat to the present date:

On the 6th of August the regiment remained in camp northwest of Atlanta in the second line of works, the Seventeenth Ohio Veteran Volunteer Infantry, occupying the first line in our immediate front. August 7, advanced my line about 150 yards in front of the Seventeenth Ohio and built breast-works, my skirmishers meeting with an obstinate resistance by the enemy's pickets, who finally unwillingly withdrew to their first line of rifle-pits. August 8, 9, and 10, remained in camp; skirmish firing almost constantly, with occasional shelling. August 11, our lines being extended to the right, my regiment was placed in reserve in the second line of works. August 27, nothing worthy of notice has occurred with the regiment from the 11th instant until to-day; it moved with the brigade about four miles to the right. August 28, marched about three and a half miles southeast toward the Montgomery railroad, crossing the same about four miles below East Point. August 29, remained in camp. August 30, marched about eight miles southeast and built breast-works. August 31, marched about three-quarters of a mile and threw up works. In the evening of the same day advanced about two miles and again built breast-works.

September 1, marched southeast about six miles, when the regiment was formed in the second line of battle, the Seventeenth Ohio on the right. A portion of the Third Brigade, Third Division, being

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 1 officer and 2 men killed and 25 men wounded.

---------------

