
in the first line were hotly engaged with the enemy in our immediate front, but having succeeded in taking the enemy's works by assault, capturing and dispersing the enemy, this regiment took no part in the battle. September 2, marched southeast about one and a half miles, crossing the Macon railroad near Jonesborough. September 6, remained in camp until to-day, when the regiment marched with the brigade on the Atlanta road about two miles, and was placed in the rear as a support to the skirmish line. September 7, marched about nine miles and went into camp near Rough and Ready. September 8, marched about seven miles to our present position, one and a half miles southeast of Atlanta. I am proud to be able to state that the officers and men of this regiment, without a single exception, have borne the hardships and fatigues of the campaign without a murmur, never shunning danger where duty called, but always manifesting a willingness truly commendable to do their duty wherever placed. More than 250 men of this regimen having served over three years from date of enlistment, fears were expressed that they would not willingly join in the charge upon the enemy, as their term of service had already expired, but all doubts on this point were dispelled in the affair of the 1st instant, as at one time it was supposed our line would have to move up to the support of the troops engaged with the enemy in our front, and when the command to advance was given, they marched forward with an unwavering firmness and determination only known to brave men.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. ROBINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-third Missouri Infty. Vols.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 151.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ogden Street, Eleventh Ohio Infantry, of operations May 7-30.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Resaca, Ga., May 30, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment during the late movement from Ringgold, Ga., and action near this place:

The regiment moved with the brigade from Ringgold on the morning of the 7th instant and bivouacked near Tunnel Hill same evening. On the 8th and 9th moved to the right and front with the brigade to a point near Mill Creek Gap. On the evening of the 9th the regiment was ordered out to build a bridge across Mill Creek, near the gap, and construct a road for getting artillery in position at the gap. The work was completed at 2 a. m. of the 10th, when I returned to the brigade with a loss of 2 men wounded. Remained in bivouac until the morning of the 12th, when I moved with the brigade south and to the east side of Rocky Face Ridge, through Snake Creek Gap, bivouacking near the east end of the gap. On the 13th the regiment with the brigade took position in front of the enemy, west of the railroad, north of and about two and a half miles from Resaca. Changed position on the morning of the 14th to a point

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 8 men killed and 1 officer and 7 men wounded.

---------------

