
about one-half a mile north of the position occupied the evening previous. The brigade being formed in two lines, my regiment was the third from the right of the second line, and in the rear of the Eighty-second Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry. At about 12.30 p. m. an advance was made by the Twenty-third Army Corps, when the brigade moved forward in support, I being ordered to follow the Eighty-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers. After having moved about half a mile the fire from the enemy became severe, when I deployed my column, having been formed in double column at half distance. Owing to the dense undergrowth the Eighty-second Indiana became lost to sight during this movement. My regiment having been deployed, moved forward on the double-quick, and in descending a precipitous hill in front of the enemy's works, became mixed with the Eighty-second Indiana and some regiments of the Twenty-third Army Corps. Finding my regiment disorganized by this mixture, I withdrew to the top of the hill, as soon as I saw that no further advance was being made by the troops originally in my front, where I reformed and was preparing to move forward to the point from which I had withdrawn, when I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Grosvenor, aide-de-camp, to report my regiment to the crest of the hill, a few hundred yards to the right, at which point I remained until dark, when the brigade was moved to the rear. On the morning of the 15th the brigade was moved to the right about one mile, where it remained in bivouac until the morning of the 16th, when moved to this place, where my regiment has since been stationed.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OGDEN STREET,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 152.

Reports of Colonel Durbin Ward, Seventeenth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH Regiment OHIO VET. VOL. INFTY.,Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to your verbal order to me of the 15th instant, I have the honor to report the military operations of my command since it left Ringgold, Ga., up to the 6th instant.

On the 7th day of May last I was ordered to move, and did move, from camp into the active campaign, in which we are still engaged, leaving behind me, under orders, most of the regimental baggage. On that day we reached the neighborhood of Tunnel Town, and on the next moved in front of Buzzard Roost, where it was found the enemy was strongly posted. Skirmishing continued all day actively and for several days afterward. On the 12th we moved off to the right, passing through Snake Gap and gaining the rear of Dalton. On the 13th we groped slowly and cautiously, mostly through dense woods, the skirmishing still continuing all day and most of the night. During the morning of the 14th we skirmished our way to the front of the enemy's breast-works on Camp Creek, in the neighborhood of Resaca, on the Dalton and Atlanta Railroad. At about 1 o'clock on

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 2 officers and 18 men wounded at Resaca.

---------------

