
escort to Cartersville. On the 15th rejoined the brigade, which was then in position in line. On the night of the 16th six companies were ordered to build works for a battery on the skirmish line, which were executed by daylight. On the 18th moved up to within 200 yards of the enemy's works and sent out 100 men as skirmishers, who, in conjunction with details from other regiments, ultimately drove the enemy from their works. On the 19th moved through the enemy's abandoned position and formed in front of Kenesaw Mountain. Skirmishers being ordered to the front, two companies, under the command of Captains Wade and Stone, advanced to the edge of a piece of woods and soon became engaged with the enemy's skirmishers. The regiment was ordered to support them, and four companies were advanced to the edge of an open field, in which the deployed line had been very imprudently halted by an officer and their inspector of the Second Brigade. So dangerous did their position became that it was only by the personal gallantry of Captain Stone that his men could be supplied with ammunition. It was not deemed prudent to relieve the company until after dark. On the 20th camped in the second line of the brigade. On the night of the 22nd was placed in the front line, where it remained under a perpetual fire until the 26th, when it marched to a position on the right of the corps and bivouacked for the night. On the 27th formed at the base of a hill under a very heavy fire of artillery, under which it ascended the hill and was ordered behind works constructed by the Twentieth Corps. Remained there until the 30th; was then advanced to relieve General Geary's division. Remained there until the 3rd of July, when, Marietta having been evacuated, the brigade moved forward and took up a position south of the town.

On the 5th fortified strongly on the railroad about ten miles from Atlanta. On the 9th advanced a quarter of a mile and fortified strongly. On the 10th marched to Pace's Ferry, on the Chattahoochee River; remained in camp until the 17th; crossed the river on pontoons and camped in reserve. On the 19th was ordered out, "stripped for action;" advanced on Peach Tree Creek and reconnoitered for a crossing; in the evening was ordered to cross the creek, following the Eighty-ninth Ohio and Eighty-second Indiana; crossed without loss and fortified during the night. On the 20th advanced to the crest of the hill, and on the 21st the regiment was ordered to ascertain the position and strength of the enemy. Companies K and G, under the command of Captains Wade and Stone (who, although acting as field officers, gallantly led their own companies), were ordered forward as skirmishers, and soon developed the enemy's position. Companies F, Lieutenant Carlile, and H, Captain Wilkin, were ordered forward in support. Several casualties occurred during this reconnaissance, and the regiment was relieved by the Twenty-third Missouri. On the 22nd moved forward on Atlanta and formed in line opposite some heavy works in front of the city; fortified in the third line of the brigade. On the 24th was detached with Eighty-ninth Ohio, Colonel Carlton commanding, in support of General King's brigade, of Johnson's division; constructed works on the second line, and had orders to re-enforce any attacked point; was exposed to heavy artillery fire from the 23rd to the 30th, the 64 and 20 pounders having a perfect range on the camp. On the 3rd of August marched to the right of the Army of the Tennessee; in the evening crossed Utoy Creek; advanced through thick brush and woods, and at night-fall commenced fortifying; completed works by daylight. On the 4th moved in support of a portion of

