
the brigade; ordered to advance skirmish line; returned to former position at night. On the morning of the 5th, the skirmish line being ordered to advance and endeavor to capture the enemy's rifle-pits, was strengthened to 150 men. Captain Stone, brigade officer of the day, having arranged a plan of attack, moved forward his line until within 100 yards of the enemy, and, at the bugle-call, in conjunction with the skirmishers of the other brigades of the Third Division, dashed into the rifle-pits and captured nearly the enemy's entire line. The detail from the regiment brought in 2 commissioned officers and 54 enlisted men, with a loss of but 1 killed and 3 wounded, a result mainly owing to the skill, coolness, and, when necessary, daring bravery of the officer in charge of the line. I am happy to be able to express my satisfaction with the regiment during the time I have had the honor to command it. Recruits have vied with veterans in uncomplaining endurance of the privations of this trying campaign, and have in most cases emulated them on the battle-field. I have to deplore the loss of Captain Cahill, who was instantly killed by a sharpshooter on the 23rd of June. The service has lost a fine officer and his comrades a courteous gentleman and true friend. I cannot close without making mention of the services of Captains Wade and Stone, respectively acting lieutenant-colonel and major. Ever ready in time of danger, their skill, coolness, and courage render them valuable officers upon all occasions when these qualities are most wanting. Accompanying will be found a list of casualties* during the campaign to the 5th instant.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. LISTER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-first Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FIRST OHIO VET. VOL. INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I beg to submit the following supplemental report of the operations in which my regiment took part from the 5th ultimo to the close of the campaign.

August 6, regiment took up position on the right of First Division in the second line. 7th, was ordered to form on the right of First Division in advanced position, and fortified during the night. The position was one of great danger, and several valuable lives were lost and many men wounded before the regiment was relieved from the line. During the night the enemy came out of their works to attack, but were soon driven back. Remained in first works until the night of the 11th, when regiment occupied works built by part of Second Division. Remained in that position until the evening of the 26th. During this interval of comparative quiet the men benefitted by the rest; the enemy shell the camps occasionally, but do no injury; picket-firing almost entirely ceased, and desertions from the enemy were numerous. At 7 p. m. received orders to march at any moment. The enemy having intimation of the movement open fire upon us with shell and case-shot, throwing them with great accuracy, but the men, being well protected, were unhurt. Marched at 3 a. m. August

---------------

*Reports 1 officer and 8 men killed and 1 officer and 51 men wounded.

---------------

