
27; camped as guard to the train. 28th, rejoined division; cross West Point railroad, and camp in rear of Second Brigade. 30th, marched at 7 a. m. and took up position about three miles from Flint Creek; threw up works. 31st, advanced a mile; threw up works; at 1 p. m. cross Flint River, and threw up works in woods in view of roads on which enemy's columns were passing; at 6 p. m. the regiment, with the Eighty-second Indiana, move out on the railroad to Morrow's Station, to re-enforce Eighty-ninth Ohio; build works during the night on the railroad and prepare to hold them against any force; the energy displayed by both officers and men in constructing works, and general soldierly bearing of the entire command, was praiseworthy in the highest degree.

At 10 a. m. on the 1st of September ordered to abandon the works and rejoin the brigade, and at 3 p. m. march in rear of the division as guard to hospital train; encamped three miles from railroad as guard to hospitals. Rejoin the brigade at 10 a. m. on the 2nd and take position near railroad and about one mile from Jonesborough. Remained until the 6th, when the command marched as rear guard on its return toward Atlanta. The regiment has, during this campaign, had to contend with many difficulties. The short time which elapsed between the reorganization of the Thirty-first Ohio Volunteers and the commencement of the campaign gave but little opportunity to drill and discipline the recruits; nevertheless they have vied with the veterans in endurance and gallantry, and give great promise for the future. The casualties extending over the whole period of active operations fully equal those of a general engagement. I have in my previous report made mention of such officers as distinguished themselves, and with one solitary exception, already reported, the line officers have sustained their former reputations. Assistant Surgeons Varney and Chapel have labored faithfully whilst with the regiment.*

I have the honor to be, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. LISTER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-first Ohio Vet. Vol. Infty.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 154.

Report of Major John H. Jolly, Eighty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 7--June 1.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-NINTH REGIMENT OHIO INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighty-ninth Regiment Ohio Infantry in the present campaign, from the 7th day of May, 1864, to the 1st day of June, 1864, during which time the regiment was under my command:

The Eighty-ninth Regiment Ohio Infantry marched from Ringgold, Ga., on the 7th of May, 1864, and bivouacked near Tunnel Hill, Ga., for the night. Resumed the march on the day following, shifting to the right near one mile; halted, stacked arms, and rested for the night. On the 9th we moved about the same distance to the right, stacked arms, and rested till evening, when orders were given

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 3 men killed and 2 officers and 13 men wounded.

---------------

