
Numbers 155.

Reports of Colonel Caleb H. Carlton, Eighty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations, June 1-September 8.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-NINTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,August 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the movements of the Eighty-ninth Ohio from June 1 to August 6, 1864:

June 1, the regiment formed part of the guard for the department ammunition train. June 2, moved about two miles on the road to Pumpkin Vine Creek; bivouacked for the night. 3d, moved about two miles; crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek and bivouacked. June 5, moved about three miles; bivouacked near Burnt Church. June 7, moved eastward; cross railroad; pass through Acworth; bivouacked one and a half miles south of Acworth. June 10, regiment and brigade relieved from train guard; moved five miles on Marietta road; join our division. June 11, moved one mile to the left; bivouacked at midnight. June 12, move one-half mile to the left; halt in reserve line; heavy skirmishing in front; bivouacked for night. June 17, moved to the left toward Kenesaw; throw up works. June 18, advanced within a few hundred yards of the rebel works, having moved three-fourths of a mile; put up works. June 19, enemy having evacuated in the night, we move forward one and a half miles; bivouacked in second line for the night near Kenesaw. June 20, regiment on skirmish line; heavy firing all day. June 21, relieved from skirmish line and take position and first line of works. June 22, moved at dark short distance to the right; took up position in second line of works. June 26, moved at dark one and a half miles to the right; bivouacked for the night. June 27, moved to the right three-fourths of a mile from line, and rest on arms; enemy shelling furiously; bivouacked for the night. June 30, moved at dark to the right and front one-half mile, and relieve a portion of General Hooker's troops; bivouacked behind the works.

July 2, greater part of the regiment went of skirmish line. July 3, rebels evacuated Kenesaw in the night; we moved toward Marietta, striking the Atlanta and Marietta road to the right of that place; bivouacked for the night, having marched some five miles. July 4, advanced one-half mile; bivouacked in line. July 5, marched some five miles and bivouacked on the railroad near Chattahoochee River. July 6, threw up works. July 9, advanced our line one-half mile and threw up works. July 11, enemy having evacuated their works and crossed the river in the night, we moved to the left one mile and camped on the Atlanta road near Pace's Ferry, relieving a regiment of the Fourth Corps. July 17, cross the river on pontoons; moved three-fourths of a mile and bivouacked for the night. July 18, moved forward two miles and bivouacked. July 19, moved forward, passing the First Division; halt near Peach Tree Creek; about 6 p. m. I received orders to cross Peach Tree Creek with my regiment, to be supported by the Eighty-second Indiana. We moved down to the creek and, finding a ford, moved over; formed along the bank; deployed, moving forward on the double-quick, driving the rebel skirmishers before us; threw up slight works and remained on the skirmish line during the night. July 21, moved forward one-half mile and bivouacked in second line. July 22, enemy having fallen back to their works around Atlanta, we moved forward to

