
within some three miles of the city and threw up works in the third line. July 23, the regiment was ordered to move to the left to the support of General King's brigade, of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps; moved over and built works; at dark moved back to our position in the brigade. July 25, relieved a portion of the Twenty-third Missouri in front line of works.

August 3, moved to the right about four miles, crossing Utoy Creek, taking position about 10 p. m.; worked all night on breast-works. August 4, went out on reconnaissance, covering (in conjunction with Twenty-third Missouri and Eighty-second Indiana) the flank of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps; moved forward about one mile, and at dark returned to our works. August 5, moved short distance to the left and front; threw up line of works on the front line, connecting the Ninety-second Ohio and right of General Hascall's division, Twenty-third Corps.

The casualties in the regiment from May 7 to August 6, 1864, are--Killed, 2 enlisted men; wounded, 1 lieutenant and 12 enlisted men. I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. CARLTON,

Colonel Eighty-ninth Ohio Infantry.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-NINTH OHIO INFANTRY,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the part taken in the campaign by the Eighty-ninth Ohio Infantry from the 7th of August to the 8th of September, 1864:

August 7, the regiment was lying in front line of works near Utoy Creek. After dark regiment moved forward about 150 yards and threw up works. 8th, were relieved and moved back to our former works. 11th, moved to the right about one and a half miles and relieved Tenth Illinois, of General Davis' division. 19th, moved out on Sandtown road at 2 a. m. as a support for Twenty-third Army Corps; at dark returned to our former position. 20th, moved to the right two and a half miles at 3 a. m. to protect the right flank of our line; at dark moved back to our former position. 27th, moved to the right three and a half miles and bivouacked for the night. 28th, moved forward and crossed the Montgomery railroad and bivouacked for the night about a half mile from the road. 30th, marched at 6.30 a. m.; halted for the night and threw up works near the Jonesborough road, about seven miles from that place. 31st, moved forward three-fourths of a mile; built works. About 12 m. moved forward one mile; threw up a second line of works. Having halted a short time the regiment moved forward with orders to go to the railroad if possible. The skirmish line of the regiment reached the railroad, meeting with but slight resistance from the enemy. The telegraph wire was cut by corps signal officer. Being two miles from support and appearances indicating that the enemy were moving to our left and rear, the skirmish line was withdrawn. They had barely reached the reserve when orders were received to hold the railroad, and the line was advanced a second time. The Seventy-fifth Indiana having joined as a support before we reached the railroad, the Eighty-second Indiana and Thirty-first Ohio arrived and the four regiments took possession of the railroad and threw up works during the night.

