
September 1, assisted in destroying the railroad. Moved back and joined our brigade at 11 a. m. and moved to the right about three miles. A portion of our division being warmly engaged with the enemy, we moved forward at a double-quick and took up a position under fire. The force engaged having taken the enemy's works, held them; we threw up slight works and bivouacked for the night. 2d, enemy having evacuated the town in the night, we moved a short distance toward Jonesborough and threw up a line of works facing north. At dark we moved one mile to the east and south of Jonesborough, threw up works, and bivouacked for the night. 6th, moved toward Atlanta and bivouacked for the night about two miles from Jonesborough. 7th, moved north and bivouacked for the night about two miles north of Rough and Ready. 8th, moved to White Hall and went into camp about two miles from Atlanta.

The following number of casualties occurred in the regiment from 7th August to September 8, 1864: Wounded, 1 commissioned officer and 7 enlisted men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. CARLTON,

Colonel Eighty-ninth Ohio Infantry.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

Numbers 156.

Reports of Colonel Benjamin D. Fearing, Ninety-second Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Camp in the Field, August 16, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry during the campaign of the past three months now ending:

Breaking up our camps at Ringgold, Ga., on the 7th of May, stripped of all incumbrances of material and men, we marched with the brigade to and through Tunnel Hill and sat down in the front of the enemy's stronghold at Dalton. Moving with the brigade on the 12th day of May to the right, along the base of John's Mountain through Snake Creek Gap, we first met the enemy on the morning of the 14th of May. In line of battle, in the first line, on the left of the brigade, we followed the enemy, steadily pushing him back with our heavy lines of skirmishers, until he was forced to take refuge in his works in front of Resaca. Gaining the ridge in plain view of the rebel works, I had portions of my command engaged during the afternoon advantageously posted as sharpshooters. In the day's operations we had 2 men killed and 2 wounded. Taken from the line in the evening, on the morning of the 15th we moved to the right, and on the morning of the 16th we entered Resaca with the brigade. We followed the retreating enemy over the Oostenaula River and to the banks of the Etowah, where with the army we rested. Again we moved forward on the 23rd of May, fording the Etowah, crossing the Euharlee, and marched to Raccoon Creek, returning with the brigade to escort a supply train from Kingston to the army in the field. Returning we joined our division near Dallas, Ga., and with

50 R R--VOL XXXVIII, PT I

