
the brigade acted as train guard for the corps train until the 11th of June at Acworth, Ga., when we were relieved and went into the front line, taking part in the movement that forced the enemy to evacuate his works on Pine Knob. Swinging forward through the blinding rain and dense thickets on the morning of the 18th of June, in reserve to the brigade, we saw the enemy driven from their last line of works north of Kenesaw Mountain. Skirmishers from my command took an active part on the 19th of June in forcing the enemy from the valley to take shelter among the rocks on the side of Kenesaw. During the sharp and protracted skirmish of the 19th and 20th I had 1 officer wounded, 1 man killed and 1 man wounded.

It may not be out of place to mention here the operations of the skirmish line from my command on the 21st of June, as the amount of ammunition expended during that tour of duty may serve to exhibit the pertinacity of some of the many skirmishers, they being the most important feature in this remarkable campaign. The detail from the command was 200 men, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Morrow, Ninety-second Ohio. It was while the brigade was operating around the base of Kenesaw Mountain explicit orders were given the officers in charge of the line that they were to permit no firing unless it was absolutely necessary. Yet during the tour of twenty-four hours, the firing being as incessant through the night as in the day, they expended 24,000 rounds of cartridges. So extraordinary did this seem to me, that I was careful to learn if some of this was not consumed extravagantly, but all the officers united in saying that it was not. On the Kenesaw line we moved with the brigade, occupying with it various important positions on that line. On the morning of the 3rd of July we moved over the abandoned works of the enemy through Marietta, Ga., and followed the enemy until we found him some four miles southwest of Marietta in works. We took no part as a regiment in forcing the enemy from this line; but on his falling back to the new line on the north bank of the Chattahoochee, we followed in close pursuit, and again found the enemy confronting us behind strong works. Here we operated with the brigade in the movements that compelled the enemy to abandon his position, burn the bridges, and give us all the territory north of the river. After a few days of rest we again took up the line of march, crossing the Chattahoochee at Pace's Ferry on the 17th of July, 1864. Acting with the brigade, we wrested one of the fords over Peach Tree Creek from the enemy and secured a lodgment on the south bank with no loss of life. Moving forward on the 22nd of July, we went into line in front of Atlanta, in the movement losing but 1 man, wounded by shell. Remaining on that line until the 3rd of August, when the brigade commenced the movement to the right, crossing Utoy Creek at Herring's Mill, and to this date have taken part with the brigade in the important moves made on the lines of the Fourteenth Corps. We are in an intrenched camp, healthily located, with the enemy in our immediate front, our line running nearly parallel with, and not very far removed from, the Macon railroad. Though we have taken part in all the movements of the First Brigade, it has been our good fortune in all the campaigns to retain each company organization intact. During the incessant skirmishing, running back to the very inception of the campaign, the battle in miniature of 100 days' duration, we have had the honor to take part in some of the most brilliant.

