
Seemingly not worthy of official mention, recurring so often, yet I find by the official reports of the commanding officers of the companies that each company has, at different points in the campaign when detached from my command, taken active part in the advances of the lines, by which important positions have been gained, many prisoners and arms taken; and the officers in charge have handled their men with so much care, precision, and skill, and they themselves have acted their part so gallantly as to gain our admiration and esteem. I cannot commend too highly the men of my command for the part taken in the arduous labors of the campaign. Ever willing to do and dare everything, working with the ax, pick, and spade through the day, and, without a murmur, continuing the labor through the long watches of the night, they have thrown up two temporary works and constructed twelve lines of field-works complete, and in addition remodeled many works that in the shifting of the lines we have occupied and found incomplete. Your inspector will report the condition and effectiveness of my command at the present time. My reports will give you our effective strength as compared with it at the opening of the campaign. Appended please find report of casualties,* men sent to hospital and returned to duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. D. FEARING,

Colonel Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-second Regiment Ohio Volunteers in the late movements of the army that resulted in our occupation of the city of Atlanta:

Field report made on the 16th of August gave you our operations to that date. Passing over the days of incessant skirmishing, and the minor moves made in them, we come to the retiring of our lines from the enemy's front on the morn of the 27th of August. It was a difficult feat to perform, so close were the lines of the enemy, and doubly so that early. In the evening they discovered that we were making changes in the lines, and all night we were subjected to a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries, but we left the line before daylight and drew off without the loss of a man. Equally fortunate were the skirmishers in our front. We moved down the Sandtown road less than a mile, when we acted with the brigade in covering the trains of the Army of the Cumberland, going into line of battle and making arrangements for a vigorous defense of these important trains so much imperiled. After the trains were in safety we moved forward with the brigade; acted as escort to the trains of the army. On the 28th of August, relieved of this duty, we moved with the brigade during the day's march, crossing the Montgomery railroad near Red Oak, Ga., and going into camp one-half mile south of the road, where we remained until August 30, when we moved toward the Macon railroad. On the evening of the 30th ordered on picket

---------------

*Shows 3 men killed and 1 officer and 15 men wounded.

---------------

