
with my regiment; advanced the lines as ordered by you. On the morning of the 31st of August, with my regiment, I was ordered to move forward and build bridges over Flint River and the canal near the river (creek), secure a lodgment on the south bank of Flint, and command the approaches to the bridges. In this move I was ably supported by Colonel Ward, of the Seventeenth Ohio. We passed the canal and the Flint, meeting with no opposition from the enemy; moved forward and secured a fine position commanding the Atlanta and Jonesborough road. Striking this road at two points, we discovered a column of the enemy east of the road moving south on a by-road between the Jonesborough road and the railroad. Here we secured 12 prisoners. We here awaited the brigade, and with them went into camp at this point. Moving with the brigade, September 1, south on the Jonesborough pike, we went into the second line, the brigade forming line of battle one mile from Jonesborough. With the brigade we took part in the action of the 1st of September at Jonesborough. After the evacuation of this point by the enemy, with the brigade we guarded the approaches to the town from the east, and on the 6th of September, the campaign being at an end, we withdrew, covering the withdrawal of our corps to this point. Appended please find report of casualties* from the 6th day of August to the 8th day of September, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. D. FEARING,

Colonel Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 157.

Reports of Colonel Newell Gleason, Eighty-seventh Indiana Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 16, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report the part taken by the Second Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, in the campaign extending from May 7 to August 6, 1864.

This brigade--composed of the Ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Colonel G. Kammerling; Second Regiment Minnesota Veteran Volunteers, Colonel James George; Eighty-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel N. Gleason; Seventy-fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel W. O'Brien; One hundred and first Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Doan; One hundred and fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel George T. Perkins; Thirty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Major Joseph L. Budd--under command of Colonel F. Van Derveer, Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, left Ringgold, Ga., May 7, 1864, and moved with the division to Tunnel Hill, thence in front of Buzzard Roost Gap, where it remained two days, but was not engaged. Thence on the 12th marched through Snake Creek Gap to Sugar Valley, and took position in line with the army, confronting the rebel works near Resaca, where the bri-

---------------

*Shows 1 man killed and 5 men wounded.

---------------

