
gade was under fire of the enemy's guns during the 14th and 15th, but was not engaged, except on the 14th, the Thirty-fifth Ohio being on the skirmish line. The fortifications of the enemy being evacuated on the night of the 15th, the brigade followed in pursuit of the enemy through Resaca, Calhoun, Adairsville, Kingston, to a position on the railroad near Cassville Station, and remained in camp three days. At this place the term of service of the Ninth Ohio having nearly expired, this regiment left the brigade. Having been supplied with rations and forage for twenty days, on the 23rd the brigade, with the division, moved across the Etowah River; thence, guarding the transportation of the army, marched through Burnt Hickory; thence to Pumpkin Vine Creek, near Dallas, remaining one night. Returned with the transportation to Burnt Hickory, and camped until the 2nd of June, when the division was ordered to the front. On the 3rd the brigade took position in front of the enemy, on Pumpkin Vine Creek, east of Dallas, deployed in one line, and intrenched. The skirmishing was very active during the occupation of this position. The enemy having evacuated on the night of the 6th, the next morning the brigade moved to a point about three miles from Acworth and camped. June 10, moved to a position in front of Pine Mountain. June 11, moved forward and to the left about one and a half miles; formed in line of battle and camped, the skirmishers being engaged with the enemy. June 14, moved one mile south, skirmishing quite sharply with the enemy; lost several men; formed in line of battle and intrenched. June 15, the enemy having left our immediate front, the brigade moved forward about one mile and a quarter and intrenched, the skirmishers being engaged as the advance was made. June 17, the enemy slowly withdrawing, the brigade advanced and took position on a ridge held by the skirmishers, and again intrenched. Enemy's skirmishers made an attack about midnight, causing the brigade to stand to arms. June 18, advanced line by left wheel about a mile and intrenched under heavy fire of artillery and musketry. The Second Minnesota and Thirty-fifth Ohio advanced into an open field under a heavy fire from the enemy's main line of works, and thoroughly intrenched themselves, the lines then being so near that the musketry from our lines silenced, to a great extent, the enemy's artillery. The brigade lost quite severely in this movement. Enemy evacuated during the night. June 19, moved about one mile and took a position in front of Kenesaw Mountain, and intrenched, where the brigade lay under a heavy fire of artillery and sharp skirmishing, which continued daily. On the night of the 22nd moved about one-fourth of a mile to the right and occupied a similar position, but nearer the enemy and more exposed to his fire. In making this movement the Second Minnesota Volunteers lost several men by shells. While occupying this position the men of the brigade were closely confined to their intrenchments on account of the severe shelling of the enemy. On the night of the 26th the brigade, with the division, moved some two or three miles to the right and bivouacked in rear of the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. June 27, Colonel F. Van Derveer, having been for some time in bad health and unfit for duty, received leave of absence. I assumed command of the brigade. An assault having been ordered upon the enemy's line by the Second Division, our division was ordered to support the assaulting column. My brigade formed in two lines, and moved forward in support of the Second Brigade,

