
Second Division, but the charge proving unsuccessful my command was not engaged with the enemy. Remained in camp at and near this position until July 3, when, the enemy having evacuated, we moved about five miles south of Marietta and camped.

July 4, received orders to proceed with my brigade to Marietta and garrison that town, with instructions to preserve public and private property as I found it. These orders were strictly and faithfully obeyed; besides, the brigade did a large amount of work in policing the town and doing guard and picket duty; in receiving and sending North a large number of factory employees from Roswell and other places. July 13, rejoined our division at Vining's Station. July 16, the Second Minnesota Veteran Volunteers detached and ordered to Marietta. July 17, crossed the Chattahoochee River and moved forward, crossing Peach Tree Creek on the night of the 19th; took a position on the ridge south of said creek and built intrenchments. July 20, my skirmishers moved forward and occupied the enemy's advanced works in our front. Afterward the Thirty-fifth Ohio was sent forward as skirmishers to hold said works with the intention of moving the front line of the brigade to said position.

This regiment executed this movement in a very commendable manner, but not without considerable loss. Captain L. F. Daugherty was instantly killed and several enlisted men wounded. Captain Daugherty was a worthy officer, having nearly completed his term of service. My brigade being relieved by a brigade from the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, which came forward and occupied the position held by the Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, I moved a short distance to the right, and remained in reserve in rear of our division. We were severely shelled during the engagement with the Twentieth Corps on our left, and had several casualties in the brigade. Lieutenant Colonel William O'Brien, Seventy-fifth Indiana, received a wound in the hand which resulted in the amputation of two fingers. July 21, moved forward, driving the enemy's skirmishers, and took position on a high ridge, and built intrenchments. During the night the enemy evacuated their works. July 22, moved forward with our division and took position in line of battle in front of Atlanta and built heavy intrenchments, where we remained under fire of the enemy's guns until the 3rd of August, when, with the division, we moved about four miles to the right of Atlanta, and took position on the right flank of the army and again intrenched. The Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers detached August 2, their term of service having nearly expired.

August 4, I was ordered by the general commanding the division to move forward with my brigade in advance of the general line and reconnoiter the enemy's position. Forming my command in two lines, the One hundred and fifth Ohio and Eighty-seventh Indiana forming the front, the Seventy-fifth Indiana and One hundred and first Indiana the second line, I pushed forward with a heavy fire of skirmishers in front and took two lines of the enemy's skirmish pits, capturing 25 prisoners. The advance was made to a point so near the enemy's main works as to fully develop his line. The object of the movement being accomplished, in obedience to orders the brigade returned to its old position. The brigade was under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry, having 26 casualties. August 5, the information obtained the evening previous developed the importance of advancing the line along the whole division front, but the enemy had occupied his old position with heavy re-enforcements

