
and, as afterward learned, with orders to hold the position at all events. Having a knowledge of the ground, a plan for the advance was arranged with the other brigades of the division, and a sudden assault upon the enemy's works with a heavy skirmish line, supported by a regiment from each of the brigades, resulted in taking the enemy's works and capturing about 140 prisoners by the division, 62 of whom were captured by my brigade. Our lines were immediately formed along the captured works, and strong breast-works built, but before they were completed the enemy opened a heavy artillery fire upon the brigade, but the advanced condition of our works afforded material protection. August 6, no change of position, but as the fire of the enemy's artillery was severe the work of strengthening the intrenchments was continued. The occupation of this position must be regarded as important, as is strengthened the line and resulted in its advancement for some distance on our right.

During the whole of this laborious and eventful campaign the officers and enlisted men of this brigade have at all times manifested that patience and cheerful attention to duty for which they have heretofore been so signally distinguished. Where all have done so well it would seem unjust to discriminate. I cannot, however, fail to commend the faithful conduct of Lieutenant Colonel W. O'Brien, commanding Seventy-fifth Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Doan, One hundred and first Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Bishop, Second Minnesota Veteran Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Hammond, Eighty-seventh Indiana Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel George T. Perkins, One hundred and fifth Ohio Volunteers, and Major Joseph L. Budd, Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers; also Major C. J. McCole, commanding Seventy-fifth Indiana Volunteers since July 20, and Major Charles G. Edwards, commanding One hundred and fifth Ohio Volunteers, in support of the skirmish line during the advance on August 5, and Major R. C. Sabin, Eighty-seventh Indiana Volunteers, commanding skirmish line, all of whom have handled their respective commands with promptness and ability. These officers deserve great credit for their gallant, strict, and faithful execution of orders on all occasions. There are many line officers and enlisted men who deserve special mention, but the limits of this report will only allow me to respectfully refer to the reports of regimental commanders. When the brigade left Ringgold the effective force numbered 2,549. Two regiments, the Ninth Ohio and Thirty-fifth Ohio, have left the brigade on account of the expiration of their term of service. The Second Minnesota is still absent. Effective force present in four regiments, 1,120.

Casualties of four regiments:

Killed. Wounded. Total.

 Of	 	 Of	 	 Of

 	 	 	 	 fi

Command.	 fi	 Men	 fi	 Men	 	 Men.	 Aggre

 	 	 	 	 ce

 ce	 	 ce	 	 	 	 gate

 	 	 	 	 rs

 rs	 	 rs

87th Indiana Volunteers,	 -	 3	 1	 23	 1	 26	 27

Lieutenant Colonel E. P.

Hammond.

75th Indiana Volunteers,	 -	 6	 1	 19	 1	 25	 26

Major C. J. McCole.

101st Indiana Volunteers,	 -	 2	 2	 28	 2	 30	 32

Lieutenant Colonel

Thomas Doan.

105th Ohio Volunteers,

Lieutenant Colonel

George T. Perkins.	 -	 4	 1	 29	 1	 33	 34

Total.	 -	 15	 5	 99	 5	 114	 119

