
The casualties of the Second Minnesota and Thirty-fifth Ohio Regiments will bear a proportional average with the above regiments, including 1 officer in each regiment killed. The members of the brigade staff--Captain Clinton A. Cilley, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain Samuel L'Hommedieu, assistant inspector-general; Captain Sanford Fortner, provost-marshal; Captain M. D. Ellis, topographical engineer; Lieutenant C. C. Colborn, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant W. H. Osborn, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant W. H. Conner, acting assistant quartermaster--have faithfully discharged the duties of their respective departments. Captains Cilley and L'Hommedieu having been absent since July 15, Captains Fortner and Ellis have performed their duties, the former that of acting assistant adjutant-general, the latter acting inspector, in a highly efficient manner.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. GLEASON,

Colonel Eighty-second Indiana Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September --, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report the part taken by the Second Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, since last report (to August 6, 1864), of which this is a continuation.

My command--the One hundred and first Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Doan; Eighty-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel E. P. Hammond; Seventy-fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Major C. J. McCole; One hundred and fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel G. T. Perkins; Second Regiment Minnesota Veteran Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Bishop, the latter regiment rejoining the brigade August 20--remained in position as indicated in last report until August 10, when a brigade on our right was relieved by deploying the four regiments first mentioned on the front line. This new position was near and in plain view of the enemy's works. For several days in front of my command picket-firing ceased, during which time quite a number of deserters from the enemy came into our lines. August 18, ordered to strengthen the skirmish line and fire upon the enemy for two hours. This was executed vigorously, a portion of the line firing from the main works; the enemy was seen to take from his line wounded men. August 19, moved my command at daylight one mile west on the Sandtown road; being relieved by troops of the Third Brigade of this division, returned to old position again at night; this movement was not discovered by the enemy. August 27, having been supplied with fifteen days' rations and forage, my command moved with the division at daylight along the Sandtown road about three miles, and near Utoy Creek went into position; intrenched and camped for the night. August 28, marched at daylight; crossed the Atlanta and Alabama railroad about five miles west of the junction of this and the Macon railroad; moving about one mile south, went into position facing east; intrenched and camped. August 30, marched to near Couch's house, took position, intrenched, and camped until noon next day. August 31, marched to a position nearly one mile in advance

