
of the main line of the army near the Macon railroad, and intrenched. Detached the Seventy-fifth Indiana and sent it forward to said road to operate with other troops.

September 1, marched south on the road from Rough and Ready to Jonesborough and formed in position with the division, with the left of my line resting upon the railroad. I was immediately in rear of the Third Brigade, with the First Brigade on my right. My command was formed in an open field, the Eighty-seventh Indiana on the right and the Seventy-fifth Indiana on the left, in the front line; the One hundred and fifth Ohio and One hundred and first Indiana in the second line, and the Second Minnesota forming a third line in rear of the brigade center. The troops in front having driven the enemy through a belt of woods, I was ordered to follow the First Brigade by the flank. This was done, preserving the formation of my brigade as above described. When nearly through the woods, and as the First Brigade was filling to the right into position again, the attack in our front was heavy. Keeping my troops well closed up, when I had passed the woods I filed to the right into position with two lines at the same time, and occupied the line which the brigade in my front and just left. When I had swung into line my left rested upon the railroad as before. In this position my command commenced making temporary works, which was prosecuted under a heavy fire of artillery and musketry from the enemy. The assault of the Third Brigade having been made, the troops in my front moved forward so as to leave vacant one line, which had been occupied. I instantly moved my brigade forward and occupied that line, and this brought my command in support of a brigade (Colonel Moore's) of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. In this position intrenchments were made, and we bivouacked for the night. Although not engaged with the enemy in the grand and successful assault of his works at Jonesborough, my command kept well closed up in support under a heavy fire of artillery, and did all as a supporting column that was required. Officers and enlisted men all behaved splendidly, and deserve great praise for the gallant and determined manner in which they moved forward to meet the enemy. The casualties of the brigade during this engagement were 1 killed and 7 wounded.

September 2, moved a half mile and camped. Afterward moved one mile and camped again, where the brigade remained until about noon on the 6th, when we marched two miles and formed in position in line of battle facing south. September 7, marched to Rough and Ready and camped in line of battle. September 8, marched and went into camp near Atlanta, taking position in line facing southward. No better evidence can be seen of the glorious success of the four months' campaign, so brilliantly closed, than is discovered in the fine physical condition of the troops, as well as the glowing enthusiasm that pervades all camps.

The effective force of the five regiments herein mentioned when the brigade left Ringgold, Ga., May 7, 1864, was--commissioned officers, 100; enlisted men, 1,892; total, 1,992.

Casualties: Killed--commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 23; total, 25. Wounded--commissioned officers, 6; enlisted men, 156; total, 162. Missing--commissioned officers, none; enlisted men, 4; total, 4. Sent to the rear sick--commissioned officers, 8; enlisted men, 354; total, 362.

Effective force September 9--commissioned officers, 87; enlisted men, 1,491; total, 1,578.

