
The number of men joined brigade is not shown in the above statement, which accounts for difference in aggregate. I again take pleasure in commending the gallant conduct of the commanding officers of regiments before enumerated, as well as the other officers and enlisted men of my command. All have nobly done their duty. The brigade staff--Captain Clinton A. Ciley, assistant adjutant-general; Captain M. D. Ellis, acting inspector-general; Captain Sanford Fortner, provost-marshal; Lieutenant Cora C. Colborn, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant W. H. Osborn, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant W. H. Conner, acting assistant quartermaster--have my thanks for the prompt and efficient discharge of their various duties, rendering such assistance as to make the command of this brigade a pleasure.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. GLEASON,

Colonel Eighty-seventh Indiana Vols., Commanding Brigadier

Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 158.

Reports of Major Cyrus J. McCole, Seventy-fifth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLS.,Near Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

I have the honor to make the following report of this regiment and its doings during the time mentioned in circular:

As this regiment has been engaged in no special or detached service, and has at all times acted under the immediate observation of the brigade commander, and only in concert with the brigade, I deem it unnecessary here to mention such facts as must be equally within your knowledge, and are not relative to this regiment alone. The casualties in this regiment during the time are--Lieutenant Colonel William O'Brien, severely wounded in hand; enlisted men killed, 6; enlisted men wounded, 19.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. J. McCOLE,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain S. FORTNER,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLS.,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since last report; also a statement of the strength of regiment May 7, 1864, and casualties since that time. I do not consider it necessary to mention the marches, &c., of this regiment that were performed jointly with the command, and under your immediate observation. That omitted, leaves but the operations of August 31 and the morning of September 1, 1864, to report. During that time this regiment was connected with the expedition under

