
first line. During the night the enemy evacuated his works in our front and fell back to his fortifications around Atlanta. Moving up in front of that city on the 22d, we formed in the second line and intrenched. We remained in this position till August 3, when we moved to the right five miles, took position in the first line and made works. In the afternoon of the 4th, moving in the first line of the brigade, we made a reconnaissance to the front, and while advancing under the fire of the enemy's musketry and artillery, my command lost 1 killed and 16 wounded. After it became sufficiently dark to conceal our movements we retired to our works. We advanced again on the 5th, assisted in the capture of about 100 prisoners, and, wheeling to the left, formed in the second line. We had scarcely commenced our works before the enemy opened upon us from several of his batteries, giving us a terrible shelling, but we held our position and continued with the construction of our works. We lost this day 1 killed and 1 severely wounded. Several others were injured from fragments of shells, but not disabled. Nothing of special importance occurred on the 6th.

On the 7th of May, when we left Ringgold, the aggregate effective force of this regiment was 357. Our casualties have been as follows: Killed--enlisted men, 3. Wounded--commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 23. Sent to the rear from sickness--commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 91.

I cannot commend too highly the patience and cheerfulness with which the officers and men of my command have performed their duties during the present campaign, nor praise too greatly their good conduct at all times in the presence and under the fire of the enemy. Where all have behaved so well it would be out of place to mention particular instances of gallant conduct. It is, however, but justice to Major Sabin, and no exception can be taken to the statement, to say that he has at several times in our advance upon the enemy's works had command of the skirmish line of the brigade, and that he has on all occasions displayed a bravery and skill which have rendered his operations entirely successful.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. HAMMOND,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighty-seventh Indiana Vols.

Captain S. FORTNER,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SEVENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Near Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this command since August 7, 1864, the date to which my last report was made:

At that time my command occupied a position in the second line of the brigade, which was in the front near the enemy's works at Utoy Creek. Our pickets were constantly engaged, and we were exposed to an almost incessant fire from the enemy's batteries. On Sunday, the 7th of August, an attempt was made to advance the skirmish line, which was unsuccessful on account of the near proximity of our picket-line with the enemy's fortifications and rifle-pits.

