
One man of my command was wounded. On the night of the 10th of August, the brigade forming in one line, I moved up and took position on the right of the Seventy-fifth Indiana, relieving the Eighty-fifth Illinois. Our position here was much exposed, being within short range of the enemy's works and unmasked by an open field. The firing, however, between the pickets ceased for several days by the tacit consent of each party. During this cessation of hostilities, quite a number of the enemy, availing themselves of the opportunity so favorably presented, deserted and came through our lines. A demonstration being made along the line on the 18th, the men of my command fired from their works. This continued for two hours, when the firing ceased. In the front of my line, after this engagement, several of the enemy's wounded were observed being carried off by the stretcher-bearers, though their loss could not have been great as their works afforded them almost perfect protection. Before daylight on the morning of the 19th my command was relieved by troops from the Thirty-eighth Ohio, and moved with the brigade a short distance to the right and rear, where we remained till after dark in the evening, when we returned and occupied our former position. The following day I sent four companies to occupy the line of the Thirty-first Ohio a few rods to the right, while that regiment was withdrawn from the line. It came back in the evening, and the companies referred to returned to their positions in the regiment. During the 22nd of August we were much annoyed by the firing of the enemy's sharpshooters, who partially enfiladed our works from the left. Lieutenant John Demuth, of Company C, an excellent officer, received a mortal wound and died in a few moments. We left our position here at 2 o'clock in the morning August 27, and with the army commenced the movement which resulted in the taking of the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, and the evacuation of Atlanta by the enemy. In the successful charge of the Fourteenth Corps, September 1, on the works of the enemy at Jonesborough, this brigade acting as a supporting column, my command took position on the right in the first line, and advanced with the troops in our front until the enemy was routed, and it became too dark to proceed farther. September 2, we moved a short distance down the railroad. My command was employed in the afternoon in tearing up and destroying the iron and cross-ties. We marched a mile to the east in the evening, and going in camp remained till the 5th, when we started back to this place and arrived here on the 8th. The following table will show the effective strength of this regiment on the 7th of May, 1864, the day we left Ringgold, the casualties from battle and disease during the campaign, and the present effective strength of the regiment:

Effective force May 7--officers, 22; enlisted men, 335.

Casualties: wounded--officers, 2; enlisted men, 21. Sent to rear sick--officers, 2; enlisted men, 83. Killed in action--officers, 1; enlisted men, 3.

Effective force September 7--officers, 17; enlisted men, 230.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. HAMMOND,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighty-seventh Indiana Vols.

Captain C. A. CILLEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

