
the right of Fourteenth Army Corps; moved out at 9 p.m. and took position between it and McPherson's left, and intrenched; enemy evacuated Resaca during the night. Monday, 16th, marched at noon one mile to Resaca and bivouacked near the railroad depot. Tuesday, 17th, marched at 4 a.m. six miles to Calhoun; thence two miles and encamped on Peters' plantation; marched again at 5 p.m. four miles and bivouacked for the night. Wednesday, 18th, marched at 8 a.m. three miles to Adairsville; thence at 4 p.m. six miles and bivouacked beside the railroad. Thursday, 19th, marched at 10 a.m. four miles to Kingston; went into line of battle to repel an expected attack; thence marched at 4 p.m. four miles and bivouacked beside the railroad near Cassville. Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, remained in position. Monday, 23d, marched at 11 a.m. four miles to the Etowah River, forded, and marched six miles to Euharlee Creek. Tuesday and Wednesday, remained in position. Thursday, 26th, marched at 6 a.m., escorting trains, fourteen miles to Burnt Hickory. Friday, 27th, marched one mile to front with trains. Saturday, 28th,marched three miles to front with trains. Sunday, 29th,marched at 11 a.m five miles to Burnt Hickory with trains. Monday and Tuesday, remained in position.

Wednesday, June 1, marched at 3 p.m. with trains about eight miles easterly to our left and front. Thursday, 2d, marched at 11 a.m. three miles to right and front and halted; thence at 6 p.m. one mile to the front and, meeting the enemy's line, intrenched, covering our front with skirmishers, who were warmly engaged during most of the night. Friday and Saturday, remained in position. Sunday, 5th, enemy evacuated our front this morning. Monday, 6th, marched at 7 a.m. about six miles northeasterly, toward Acworth, and bivouacked at 9 p.m. Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, remained in position. Friday, 10th, marched at 8 a.m. southwesterly about five miles and found the enemy at Pine Mountain. Saturday, 11th, moved to a ridge one-half to the front and intrenched; marched again at 7 p.m. one-half mile and halted at 11 p.m. and bivouacked in the woods. Sunday and Monday, remained in position. Tuesday, 14th moved at noon to the front with heavy skirmishing; into position at 7 p.m. and intrenched. Wednesday, 15th moved, again to the front at 2 p.m. about a mile; into position at 7 p.m. and intrenched. Thursday, 16th, remained in position. Friday, 17th moved one-fourth mile to the front and again intrenched. Saturday, 18th moved at 9 a.m. one-half mile to the front and intrenched under fire of musketry and artillery from the enemy's works, 350 yards distant; loss, Lieutenant Jones killed and 11 men wounded; enemy evacuated his line in our front during the night. Sunday, 19th, moved at 9 a.m. one mile to the front, finding the enemy in position at Kenesaw Mountain; bivouacked and intrenched in the woods facing the mountain and one-half mile distant. Monday and Tuesday, remained in position, the enemy shelling our camp from the mountain. Wednesday, 22d, moved at 11 p.m. half mile to the right; worked until daylight on the intrenchments; 2 men killed and 5 wounded by shells from the mountain. Thursday, 23d, Colonel James George and about 100 men from the division, 73 of whom were on duty with the regiment,were ordered to Chattanooga for discharge by reason of expiration of term of service. Friday and Saturday, regiment remained in position. Sunday, 26th, regiment marched at 11 p.m. about two miles to the right; bivouacked. Monday, 27th, moved to

51 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

