
the front and took position with the division as support to Davis' division in the assault on the enemy's works; bivouacked at 3 p.m. Tuesday and Wednesday, remained in position. Thursday, 30th, moved half mile to the right, our division relieving Geary's.

Friday, July 1,remained in position. Saturday,2d, a detachment of seventy-eight men (drafted from Second District of Minnesota) joined the regiment and were assigned to companies. The enemy evacuated his line in our front during the night. Sunday, 3d, marched at 7 a.m. about seven miles, finding the enemy in line about five miles south of Marietta. Monday, 4th, the Second Brigade being ordered to garrison duty at Marietta, the regiment marched with it to that place, where the remained on such duty until the 13th. Wednesday, 13th, marched with the brigade nine miles, rejoining the division near Vining's Station. Thursday, 14th, a detachment of ninety-eight drafted men from the First District of Minnesota joined the regiment and were assigned to companies. Friday, 15th, the regiment being ordered to relieve the Twentieth Connecticut Volunteers on provost duty at Marietta, marched for that place at 5 a.m., arriving at 10 a.m., and immediately entered upon duty as provost and depot guards. During the remainder of the period embraced in this report the regiment was on guard duty at Marietta, employing all available time in the instructions of recruits.

During the operations herein briefly referred to the regiment was frequently under fire, always acquitting itself to my satisfaction. As, owing to the absence of the regiment at Marietta, the brigade commander's report has been completed and forwarded before mine is called for, I have not deemed it necessary to give as detailed and circumstances an account of movements as otherwise might have been useful and proper. The regiment commenced the campaign with 24 officers and 372 enlisted men present for duty. Loss from that number by casualties,31; by sickness, 91; by discharge, 73. Gained by recruits from depot, 176; by return from hospital or detached service, 19. Present for duty August 6, 18 officers, 422 enlisted men. Ammunition expended, 29,000 rounds, an average of about 110 rounds per man. A casualty list* is hereto appended,covering the period embraced in the report.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. W. BISHOP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Minnesota Vols.

Captain C. A. CILLEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND Regiment MINNESOTA VOL. INFANTRY, Near Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In response to circular instructions from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the operations of the campaign against the enemy at Atlanta, from the 7th day of August to the 8th day of September, inclusive:

On the 7th day of August my regiment was on duty as provost and depot guard at the post of Marietta, having been assigned and

---------------

*Shows 1 officer and 2 men killed and 1 officer and 27 men wounded; total,31.

---------------

