
ordered to that duty by the general commanding the Department of the Cumberland. The regiment was relieved from duty at that post by the Tenth Indiana Volunteers on the 18th day of August, and on the 19th marched twelve miles to the Chattahoochee River bridge and encamped for the night. On the 20th the march was continued a distance of about ten miles, and the regiment joined the brigade in the intrenchments in the immediate front of the enemy. From the 21st to the 26th, inclusive, we remained in the same position, subjected at intervals to furious shelling from the enemy's batteries in our front. On the 27th, at 2 a.m., we marched with the brigade some three or four miles to the right and were formed in line on the left flank of the Twenty-third Army Corps, where we remained during the day, the army trains meanwhile passing to the right through our lines. On the 28th we marched at daybreak, and, after making a distance of six or seven miles in a southeasterly direction, crossed the Atlanta and Montgomery Railroad at Red Oak and encamped. On the 29th remained in position. On the 30th marched about five miles easterly and intrenched. On the 31st marched about three miles easterly and intrenched within one mile of the Atlanta and Macon Railroad, our skirmish line, supported by two or three regiments, having gained possession of the road during the afternoon.

On the 1st days of September we marched at 11 a.m. about three miles southeasterly on the road to Jonesborough; then turning from the road to the left, crossed the fields about a mile to the railroad, where, in the formation of the brigade, the regiment took place as directed, in the rear line and facing the south. Heavy skirmishing, with occasional bursts of file during heard in our front, and after a halt of a few minutes we advanced with the brigade a distance of about three-fourths of a mile and reformed in support to a brigade of Carlin's division, then actually engaged with the enemy just in our front. After a sharp contest of about half an hour the enemy was driven from his intrenchments in our front by a charge with the bayonet, and night soon after afforded the enemy an opportunity to retire from the contest altogether, and the firing ceased. During the engagement we were somewhat exposed to musketry and to artillery fire at short range from the enemy's batteries. The troops were kept covered by the ground as much as the circumstances of the movement would admit, and but 3 men were wounded in the regiment. On the 2nd we marched at 8 a.m. about a mile southeasterly, and reformed, facing the north. At 2 p.m. the regiment was ordered to the railroad for the purpose of destroying the track. At 6 p.m. rejoined the brigade and marched one or two miles to a position about a mile northeast of Jonesborough, where line was formed and the troops encamped. On the 3d, 4th, and 5th remained in position. On the 6th marched at noon one mile along the railroad toward Atlanta, and went into position facing south. On the 7th marched at 7 a.m. about eight to Rough and Ready Station and encamped. On the 8th marched about eight miles to a position near White Hall, two miles south of Atlanta, near the Macon railroad, where the regiment is encamped at the date of this report.

On the 7th day of May the regiment left Ringgold with 451 officers and men present, which number has been increased by recruits from depot, 176; returned from hospital or detached service, 65; from desertion,2. Has been decreased, killed, 4; sent to hospital by reason of wounds, 16; works for sickness, 113. Discharged on account of expiration

