
of term of service, 83; detailed on detached service, 20; deserted,3; transferred, 2;dismissed,7. Present strength, 446 officers and men.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. BISHOP,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Minnesota Vols.

Captain C. A. CILLEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

No. 162.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel George T. Perkins, One hundred and fifth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 105TH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 15, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with instructions contained in circular received this p.m. I have the honor to report the following as the history of the operations of this regiment during the present campaign up to August 6, 1864:

The regiment broke camp at Ringgold, Ga., May 7, and marched to Tunnel Hill; thence it marched via Snake Creek Gap and took a position confronting the rebel position at Resaca; was under fire of the enemy's guns at that place May 14 and 15, but not engaged. After the evacuation of Resaca by the enemy the regiment joined in pursuing and marched to Kingston; thence it marched to Burnt Hickory, where, with the brigade and division, it lay for several days guarding trains. Ordered to the front this place with the brigade, it took part in the various movements which compelled the enemy to fall back to their position at Kenesaw Mountain; was under fire of the rebel artillery at Kenesaw Mountain for several days, and after the abandonment of this position by the enemy was stationed with the brigade at Marietta, Ga., from July 3 to 13; marched from this point to Chattahoochee River. After crossing this river had some skirmishing with the enemy near Peach Tree Creek, and finally took position before Atlanta, July 22, where it has since remained. The regiment - with the exception of two days when it, with the Thirty-fifth Ohio, was detailed to guard train - has operated with the brigade in all its movements. The casualties during the entire time are as follows: Killed - enlisted men,4; wounded - officers,1; enlisted men,29.

I am, sir, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,GEO. T. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 105th Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain S. FORTNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS 105TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Near Atlanta, Ga., September 9, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as a brief statement of the operations of this regiment since last report:

The regiment with the brigade remained in front of the rebel position near Atlanta until the morning of August 27. That morning it moved with the brigade at 2 a.m., passing around the left of the rebel

