
army,and crossing the Montgomery railroad seven miles west of East Point. From this point it moved in a southeasterly direction, striking the Macon railroad about a mile north of Jonesborough. On the 1st instant, with the brigade, the regiment came up as a support to the Third Brigade, of the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, but was not engaged. On the 6th instant it took up line of march for Atlanta, near which place it arrived on the 8th instant, and where it now lies. The regiment has moved and operated with the brigade during the entire time. The effective force of the regiment when it left Ringgold was - officers, 17; enlisted men, 388. Its present effective force is - officers,15; enlisted men, 286. Of this number 1 officer had died of disease and 1 resigned. Of the enlisted men as follows: Killed,4; sent to hospital wounded, 27; sick,71; total, 102.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. T. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 105th Ohio Volunteers.

Captain C. A. CILLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

No. 163.

Reports of Colonel George P. Este, Fourteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Camp near Atlanta, Ga., August 25, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of the Third Brigade during the present campaign up to the morning of the 6th day of August:

In pursuance of orders from my general commanding division, the troops composing the brigade, except the Eighteenth Kentucky Volunteers, left to garrison Ringgold, in obedience to orders from department headquarters, left Ringgold on the 10th day of May, 1864, and arrived in the evening of Sunday in front of Buzzard Roost, when we rejoined the division. We remained in reserve until the 12th, when the brigade moved, but as guard to the entire trains of the corps, on the road to Villanow; thence through Snake Creek Gap to Sugar Creek Valley, when,leaving the trains on the evening of the 13th, we moved forward to the extreme left of the army, supporting during the night a division of General Cox, Twenty-third Army Corps, in accordance with orders received from Major-General Schofield. Next day, the 14th instant, rejoined our division,and on the 15th, excepting one regiment, Seventy-fourth Indiana Volunteers, detached as train guard, moved to the right in front of Resaca, relieving a portion of the troops of the Fifteenth Army Corps. During the day and evening our skirmishers were hotly engaged with those of the enemy, inflicting upon them considerable loss, and losing as follows:

Command.	 Killed.	 Mortally	 Wounded.

 	 wounded.

38th Ohio	 1	 ---	 2

14th Ohio	 ---	 1 	 2

10th Kentucky	 1	 ---	 ---

Total	 2	 1	 4

