
Before break of day of the morning of the 16th instant the pickets of our brigade, under charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Wharton, of the Tenth Kentucky Volunteers, were the first to discover the evacuation of their works by the rebels, and the first to occupy them, and, being re-enforced, pushed forward and captured some 60 prisoners without loss.

May 17, left Resaca, passing through Adairsville, Calhoun, and Kingston. No events of special importance transpired except that, on the 22nd day of May, the Tenth Indiana was detailed to form part of the garrison at Kingston, and rejoined the brigade on the 15th of June. Crossing Pumpkin Vine Creek June 1, and camping in rear of the Twenty-third Army Corps during the night, June 2 took up position on the extreme left of Fourteenth Army Corps. During the 2d, 3d, and 4th days our skirmish lines were during most of the time hotly engaged, although suffering but little loss, owing to the extreme carefulness of officers and men. It was in the immediate rear of our lines, whilst occupying this position, that Major-General Palmer, commanding the corps, had so narrow an escape from being shot, and his senior aide-de-camp, Major D. W. Norton, was killed. Other general officers, including the general commanding the division, would have been killed during the occupancy of this position had not Providence been more merciful and rebels less skillful in arms than they were discreet. The losses of the brigade at this point were:

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.

38th Ohio	 1	 6

14th Ohio	 2	 4

10th Kentucky	 ---	 4

74th Indiana	 ---	 2

Total	 3	 16

June 5, the rebels evacuated their works, brigade moving immediately forward, and on the 10th of June went into position in front of Pine Knob, skirmishers engaging the enemy's pickets without loss. Except changing of position to the left, building breast-works, digging trenches, marching and bivouacking, nothing transpired of interest until the 14th instant, when our skirmish lines were again hotly engaged with those of the enemy, and continued to be so up to and during the 17th, when the enemy evacuated their position in front of the right of our army. The losses of the brigade were:

Command.	 Killed.	 Mortally	 Wounded.

 	 wounded.

38th Ohio	 ---	 ---	 2

14th Ohio	 2 	 1 	 11

10th Kentucky	 ---	 ---	 1

74th Indiana	 3	 ---	 7

Total	 5	 1	 21

On the 19th instant the brigade moved forward in support of the division, skirmishers driving the enemy's pickets on to Kenesaw Mountain, taking up position near the base of the mountain in reserve

