
to the division. During the intermediate period of time, from the 20th to the 26th, the brigade was subject to very severe shelling from the rebel batteries, and much annoyed by their sharpshooters scattered along their front. The fire of the rebel guns was much the severest we have experienced during the campaign, but resulted in comparatively small loss, being as follows from the 20th to the 26th:

Command.	 Killed.	 Mortally	 Wounded.

 	 wounded.

38th Ohio	 1	 2	 2

14th Ohio	 ---	 1	 5

10th Indiana	 2	 ---	 3

10th Kentucky	 ---	 ---	 2

74th Indiana	 ---	 ---	 6

Total	 3	 3	 28

On the 26th we moved to the right, and on the 27th were put in position to support the assault made by the division of Brigadier-General Davis upon the enemy's works. Until the 30th no changes were made in the position of the brigade, when we moved again to the right and, in conjunction with the First Brigade, relieved the division of General Geary, Twentieth Army Corps. On the morning of the 3rd of July, the rebels having evacuated Kenesaw Mountain, we moved forward to the south and west of Marietta, and camped at night in view of the enemy. On the night of the 3rd instant threw up works, also on the 4th, but on the 5th the enemy again evacuated, going toward the Chattahoochee River; the brigade was moved in pursuit in advance of the corps, the Tenth Indiana moving in support of the skirmishers. When within two miles of Vining's Station, on the Atlanta road, we came up without the rebel rear guard back to and across the railroad. The brigade took up position for the night by the side of the railroad at ten-miles stone. Until the 9th skirmishing continued more or less active among the pickets, when we were ordered to advance our picket-lines for the purpose of developing the enemy's lines. Moving out, the Tenth Kentucky Volunteers in support of the skirmishers, we soon engaged the rebel pickets, driving them at first a short distance with ease; but the skirmishers upon our left, having advanced within sight of the enemy's works,and meeting with a heavy and severe fire, fell back to their support. On being rallied and re-enforced by two additional companies of the Tenth Kentucky, they again advanced to the position they had before advanced to. The fire, however, of the enemy becoming very severe, and there being no connection on our left, the rebels meanwhile advancing in two lines of battle and endeavoring to gain our flank, the order was given to fall back,changing front to the left. The line was reformed about 150 yards in the rear, and the advance of the enemy checked, and they in turn retired, upon the coming of the Tenth Indiana, the fight lasting some fifteen minutes, and the fire was really very severe. Most of the officers and men behaved with the utmost gallantry, and did all under the circumstances the most exacting commandant could ask. The object of the advance was gained. The enemy was found, and found, too, in uncomfortably strong numbers.

