
That night they crossed the river, burning their boats and bridges behind them. Our losses from the 2nd to the 9th of July, inclusive, were:

Command.	 Killed.	 Mortally	 Wounded.

 	 wounded.

38th Ohio	 1	 ---	 6

14th Ohio	 ---	 1	 3

10th Kentucky	 4	 ---	 14

10th Indiana	 ---	 ---	 5

74th Indiana	 ---	 ---	 5

Total	 5	 1	 33

During the evening the brigade enjoyed a much-needed rest on the north bank of the Chattahoochee. On the 17th the brigade crossed the Chattahoochee Rive, bivouacking on its south bank; the next morning moved to the south side of Nancy's Creek and remained for the day. On the 19th advanced and went into position one-fourth of a mile south of Peach Tree Creek, and on the left of the division. During this and the succeeding day had severe skirmishing, and on the 21st drove the rebel pickets back to their man works, the Fourteenth Ohio, under command of Major Wilson, supporting the skirmishers. On the 22nd the rebels abandoned their works early in the morning and fell back to Atlanta. The brigade moved forward in the direction of Atlanta and went into position one-half mile west of the railroad and about two miles from Atlanta, on the Turner's Ferry road, and on the left of the division. Remained in this position, subject a portion of the time to severe shelling, until August 3,when, being relieved by Colonel Coburn's brigade, of General War'ds division, Twentieth Army Corps, we moved southwest about four miles and went into position on the right of the Twenty-third Army Corps, near Uoty Creek and put up works for my front line of battle on the ground I found occupied by our skirmishers. On the 4th our pickets were hotly engaged with the rebel skirmishers. On the 5th, a general advance of our picket-lines being ordered I increased the strength of my own by two additional companies from the Thirty-eighth Ohio and one from the Fourteenth Ohio, and placed the line under the immediate command of Major Irving, Thirty-eighth Ohio.

Upon the signal for the advance being driven, the skirmishers advanced in the most gallant manner, carrying the rebel skirmish pits under a most galling fire, and capturing nearly all occupants. I cannot but think the charge was the handsomest and most successful one of the campaign. Officers and men behaved magnificently, and evinced a dash and a courage rarely equaled, never surpassed. Our picket-lines were immediately established on those so recently held by the rebels, and our main lines advanced from 100 to 150 yards in face of and under a severe musketry and artillery fire from the main works of the enemy. The day, however, so auspicious in its events to the general good, was rendered gloomy by the loss of some of the most gallant officers and men of the brigade, among whom was Lieutenant Colonel Myron Baker, commanding the Seventy-fourth Indiana, instantly killed; Major William Irving, of the Thirty-eighth Ohio, in charge of the pickets, severely wounded, leg being badly shattered, and Captain Charles M. Gilbert, of the Thirty-eighth Ohio, besides some 70 non-commissioned officers and men killed and

