
wounded. Colonel Baker was one of the most gallant and efficient officers in the [service], and in his death his regiment met with an irreparable loss and the country a most valuable servant. Major Irving, by his severe wound, has earned a new claim to the sympathy and respect of his fellow soldiers and gratitude of the loyal people. I would be glad to speak particularly of other officers whose conduct during the campaign has merited the highest praise, but the length to which even the brief resume of a campaign of more than ninety days has unavoidably extended this report warns me to bring it to a close. I will only add that the officers and men of this brigade, with scarcely an exception, have borne the hardships and privations of this campaign with the greatest fortitude and patience, and its dangers, when called upon to meet them, with the utmost gallantry and coolness. I cannot close this hurried and imperfect report without expressing to the general commanding the division and the officers of his staff my sincere thanks for the uniform courtesy which he and they have extended toward me during the entire campaign. Accompanying this report will be found a complete list of casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. P. ESTE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Near Atlanta, September 8, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the operations of the brigade from August 6 to September 1:

The brigade continued in its position near Utoy Creek, about four and a half miles south of Atlanta, and held the same until the night of the 26th. During the time it was engaged in constant skirmishing along the picket-line, suffering more or less daily,but inflicting still greater upon the enemy. Our lines were so near the main lines of the enemy that our men were constantly annoyed by the fire of sharpshooters, and many killed and wounded from their main lines of the enemy that our men were constantly annoyed by the fire of sharpshooters, and many killed and wounded from their main works. A list of casualties during this time is attached to this report. We received within our lines during this period a great many deserters, the number of which cannot be accurately reported in consequence of a change of provost-marshal upon my staff, but, as near as can be determined, between 30 and 40. On the night of the 25th of August, 1864, the brigade was withdrawn from the enemy's front without loss and moved to the left of the First Division, which had previously moved around to the right and on the left of the Army of the Ohio. The day following the brigade again moved to the right and participated in the flank movements of the army without engaging the enemy until the 1st of September.

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. P. ESTE,Colonel, Commanding.

[Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.]

