
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS, Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 3, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Third Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, in the action near Jonesborough, September 1:

About noon of the day the brigade broke up its encampment, and moving forward at the head of the division continued in motion until about 4 p.m. In then formed in line of battle in rear of the left brigade of General Carlin's division in a field about one mile and a half from Jonesborough and about three-fourths of a mile from the enemy's works, the left of the brigade resting upon the Atlanta and Macon Railroad. The brigade was formed in two lines, the Tenth Kentucky, and Thirty-eighth Ohio constituting the front line, the Seventy-fourth Indiana and Fourteenth Ohio the second line. The Tenth Kentucky was upon the right of the front line, the Seventy-fourth Indiana upon the right of the second line. Upon the advance of the division of General Carlin my brigade moved forward in the rear of the brigade commanded by Colonel Moore, in accordance with orders received direct from Major-General Davis, commanding the corps, the general commanding the division being temporarily absent examining the enemy's lines upon the left of the railroad. Upon entering the woods in front of the field, the command was halted in obedience to the orders of the general commanding the division, but soon after was again put in motion in accordance with his direction. By the time the brigade emerged from the dense woods through which it had to pass, the First Division was warmly engaged. Passing partly across the field, I halted the brigade near the brow of the hill and in rear of the brigade commanded by Colonel Moore, of the First Division,and ordered the men to lie down. In about ten minutes, in obedience to direct orders from the corps commanders, I moved the brigade by the right flank to the rear of the brigade of regulars,commanded by Major Edie,and constituting the right of the First Division. This brigade had been hotly engaged for some time, suffering severely from the enemy's fire, and had unsuccessfully attempted to carry their works. Upon their right it was said the contest had so far been more favorable to the rebel than Union arms. At this juncture of affairs I was ordered to relieve the regular brigade, pass their lines, and assault the rebel works in their and my front. Ordering bayonets fixed, the word "forward" was given and the command moved slowly and deliberately to the front with as much coolness and regularity as they ever had done on battalion drill. Ere reaching the crest of the hill and the edge of the woods, just beyond which the rebel line of works were constructed, I had ordered the lines to lie down whilst the first volley should be received, and then both lines to rush forward to the charge. The order was exactly executed, and the charge magnificently performed,and the first line of the enemy's works carried as with a whirlwind. Still their second and more formidable line remained. At this moment I discovered for the first time that I had no support upon my immediate left, and that the ground I had up to this time supposed to be occupied by the brigade of Colonel Moore was unoccupied as far as I could see through the woods. I have sine been informed by Colonel Moore that this was owing to the necessity he was under of moving most of his brigade to the left across the railroad, in order to protect his left flank, and push back the enemy in that direction, who,at that time, were pouring

