
nearly an enfilading fire upon his lines. I dared not push my lines farther forward on my left until additional troops could be placed upon my left, as the enemy were far overlapping my lines, and would, if I had advanced farther, in all probability have flanked the brigade upon the left, and thereby imperiled the success already achieved. I sent, therefore, my aides to General Baird, and to Colonel Walker, commanding First Brigade, lest the general commanding the division might not immediately be found, and as every moment seemed critical and of the utmost importance an aide of General Davis also kindly volunteered to procure for me the needed help. Soon after I saw the Seventeenth New York, Colonel [Grower] commanding, moving across the field to my right. I hastened to the commanding officer, explained hurriedly the emergency of affair,s and he gallantly hastened to my assistance. Under my direction he placed his regiment upon the left of my brigade. I immediately ordered the second charge. Gallantly the whole command responded, and charged impetuously upon and over the enemy's second line, capturing or killing nearly all the rebels behind their works in my front. At the time of the second charge the general commanding the division was upon the field in the immediate rear of the battalions upon the right, inspiring the men by his splendid courage and his almost unauthorized and reckless exposure of himself to the enemy's fire. With the capture of the enemy's second line toward the left, the contest ceased, and our troops remained master of the field. The enemy in front of the Thirty-eighth and Fourteenth Ohio were composed of the Second, Fourth, Sixth and Ninth Kentucky (rebel) Regiments, known as Lewis's brigade, but during the fight wee under command of Colonel Caldwell, of the Ninth Kentucky. The brigade is in the division formerly commanded by General Bate, but on September 1, by General Brown. In front of the Tenth kentucky and Seventy-fourth Indiana, upon the right, was the Sixth and Seventh Arkansas Regiments and the consolidated batteries of the Eighth and Nineteenth Arkansas, four guns. They were attached to the brigade commanded by General Govan, of General Cleburne's division,and formed the right of his command. A large proportion of the officers and men comprising these commands in our front, except those of one of the Kentucky regiments upon our left, were either killed or captured. They fought with the greatest desperation, and only yielded to the superior heroism of our men. The bayonet was freely used all along the line upon both sides. The troops met were confessedly among the best of the rebel army, were superior in point of numbers, and had the advantage of works and artillery. I can give no accurate account of the number of prisoners captured, as by far the greatest number were sent to the rear without guards, as I had only men enough to fight the armed rebels in front. Among my prisoners, however, were Colonel Smith, commanding Sixth and Seventh Arkansas; Lieutenant Colonel Philip Lee, commanding Second Kentucky; Major Maxon, commanding Sixth Kentucky, besides a large number of commissioned officers. Captain Newman, of my staff, delivered 26 commissioned officers and 196 enlisted men over to corps headquarters, and Captain Mills, of the Eighteenth Regulars, informed me he had in addition secured some 350 rebels running to the rear, who were captured by my brigade. Lieutenant Kuder, Seventy-fourth Indiana, with his own hand, captured the colors and color

