
arms and limbs and torn bodies of the wounded offices - a list of whom is hereto attached - speak more eloquently than any poor words of mine can do their noble conduct. It is the highest praise that can be spoken of them to say they proved themselves worthy of the rank they bore and of the men under them. Lieutenant Walter B. Kirk, of the Fourteenth Ohio, was instantly killed whilst under my eye, successfully rallying a few men who momentarily faltered under the terrific fire to which they were subjected. Of enlisted men my especial attention has been directed by the regimental commandeers to the gallant conduct of Corpl. Orville B. Young, Tenth Kentucky, color bearer,who, when the regiment was for a moment checked within twenty yards of the enemy's works by the murderous fire, rushed forward with the flag, and planting it on the works, called on his comrades to rally around it; of Private Joseph E. Warner, color bearer of the Fourteenth Ohio, who was among the first of his regiment to reach the enemy's second line of works, and was shot down while planting the colors on the top of them; of Corpl. John Beely, of the color guard, who immediately lifted the colors and was severely wounded whilst doing so, and of Corpl. John S. Snook, who then took them and raised them upon the works, and there held them till the contest was over. To the conduct likewise of the color bearer and guard of the Seventy-fourth Indiana, including Sergt. Joseph H. Benner, who was killed in advance of the lines whilst urging his comrades forward, and whose last words were, "Boys, follow me." The colors were then taken by Sergeant Gould, who is reported as having manifested the most dauntless courage. The enemy guard of the Third-eighth Ohio also behaved with great heroism, Sergt. Oscar R. Randall and Corpl. Darius W. Baird being killed, and Corpl. George W. Strawser severely wounded. I cannot close this hurried and imperfect report without a brief allusion to the gallant bearing of my staff officers. Captain Wilburg F. Spofford, Fourteenth Ohio,and acting assistant adjutant-general, was killed with sword in hand, pressing forward with his regiment upon the enemy's in the second and last charge. The life of no more generous and whole-souled man or more gallant soldier was ever sacrificed for our country's safety. He died as a brave man loves to die, with his face to the foe, and just as victory was crowing our efforts. To Captain Andrew Newman, brigade inspector; Lieutenant Benjamin R. Smith (wounded twice) and Henry G. Newbert, acting aides, was I under the greatest obligations for efficient and valuable assistance. Sergt. Alonzo Wood, of my escort, was severely wounded, but would not go to the rear until ordered. All my orderlies behaved in the most meritorious manner, especially Private Frank Bartholomew, who proved himself, as at Chickamauga, a perfect here. In conclusion, I cannot forbear giving expression to my feelings of pride and gratification at the manner in which the brigade upheld the honor of the division and corps upon that day,and to my belief that not an officer of private of my command went to the rear from the moment we formed for the assault without a good and sufficient reason.

I am, major, yours, very respectfully,

GEO. P. ESTE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major JAMES A. LOWRIE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, 14th Army Corps.

