
In gaining the works of the enemy my company sent back the prisoners, and then fell back on the outside of the works, where I reformed my company under cover of the embankment as we anticipated a charge from the enemy from out of the woods i n the rear of their works. I was in plain sight of Lieutenant Kuder, of Company A, and saw him take the rebel flag, said to belong to the rebel battery of four guns on my immediate right, and marked Eight and Nineteenth Arkansas Battery. After morning, some of the Sixteenth [Sixtieth?] Illinois, and Tenth and Fourteenth Michigan came up in our rear and reformed in rear of our line. We received orders to move to the left, and thereby left the guns of this battery in the hands of the troops above mentioned in our rear.

S. L. KING,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Co. D, Seventy-fourth Indiana.

No. 164.

Reports of Colonel William H. Hays, Tenth Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. TENTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Near Atlanta, Ga., August 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment during the campaign.

The regiment left Ringgold, Ga., May 10, at 6 a.m., joining the division same day at 4 p.m. at Tunnell Hill. In the engagement around Buzzard Roost my command did not participate. Upon the arrival of the army in front of Resaca I was at the front line of the brigade, but had no engagement with the enemy. On the 13th of May moved to the right and here had 1 man killed. May regiment from this time on never,until the 9th of July, met the enemy as an organization. I was on the front line from the 2nd of June until the evacuation of Kenesaw Mountain by the enemy, and consequently had some part of my command constantly upon the skirmish line, and shall therefore not try to make an extended report, but only give my losses and the date of their occurrence - May 15, 1 man killed; June 4, 4 men wounded; June 15, 1 man wounded; July 21, 2 man wounded. On the morning of the 9th of July I was ordered to support with my regiment a forward movement of the skirmish line. I moved out at 6 a.m., and followed the skirmishers at close supporting distance. They, meeting a largely superior force of the enemy, were compelled to fall back. As soon as they had rallied behind my line I opened a fire upon the enemy, which checked his advance. There being no connection on my left, and the enemy coming around on my flank, I was forced to fall back about 200 yards, where I compelled the enemy to halt, and the Tenth Indiana joining me, he fell back to his old position. That night he rebels evacuated that side of the river. This contest, although lasting fifteen or twenty minutes, was very severe. My loss was 4 killed, 14 wounded, and 2 missing. Among the wounded were Lieutenants Warren and Grace, of Company A, who fell while gallantly discharging their duty. Since crossing the river parts of my command have again been daily on the skirmish line, and the following losses there occurred: July 20, 2 wounded; July

