
21, 1 wounded; August 4, 1 wounded; August 7, 4 wounded; August 13, 1 wounded; August 16, 2 wounded, making a total of 40 killed and wounded since the beginning of the campaign to the 16th instant.

I have the honor to be, captain your obedient servant,

W. H. HAYS,

Colonel Tenth Kentucky Infantry.

Captain WILBURG F. SPOFFORD,

A. A. A. G., 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

HDQRS. TENTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Tenth Kentucky Infantry in the assault upon the enemy's works on the evening of the 1st instant:

The regiment was on the right of the brigade in the front line, formed about 300 yards, of the enemy's works, under the orders of Colonel Este, commanding the brigade. We fixed bayonets and moved forward to the assault about 5 p.m. The men reserved their fire until we reached the woods about thirty yards from the works of the enemy. Up to this time we had steadily advanced under a severe fire. As soon as we entered the woods the enemy, from behind their works, poured upon as a heavy volley of musketry, which, for a moment, caused the regiment to halt. We immediately returned the fire, and, with a shout, rushed on their works and captured a number of prisoners in their rifle-pits. The Seventy-fourth Indiana Regiment, which was in the rear line, closed up on us as we entered the works and gallantly charged the works with us. It being a larger regiment than mine, its right was some two companies farther to the right than ours. The enemy immediately in our front was the Sixth and Seventh Arkansas Regiments, of Cleburne's division, consolidated. We captured their flag,which has been sent to brigade headquarters. Private Henry B. Mattingly, of Company E, had the honor of capturing these colors. When we captured the works of the enemy,and for several minutes thereafter, our regiment and the Seventy-fourth Indiana had no support on our right, and the enemy fired up the line of works upon our right flank; but within some ten minutes the enemy was driven from our right flank by a well-directed fire from the Seventy-fourth Indiana and Tenth Kentucky Regiments. My regiment went into the fight with 152 guns. Our casualties will be annexed to this report. The officers and soldiers of my regiment behaved with great gallantry and courage. I would like very much to mention individual acts of officers and men, but in so doing I would have to mention so many names that it might seem to be a reflection upon those not mentioned. All, so far as I know or have information, nobly did their whole duty. Captain James M. Davenport, of Company G, was gallantly leading his company, and while in the works of the enemy was severely wounded in the leg, which has since been amputated. Lieutenant William E. Kelly, Company I, and Lieutenant Joseph T. Adcock, Company F, were both severely wounded while gallantly leading their companies. Corpl. Orville B. Young, the color bearer, deserves special mention for the manner in which he

52 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

