
discharged his duty when the regiment was checked by a murderous fire within twenty yards of the enemy's works. He ran forward with the flag, calling on his comrades to rally to it. It was the first flag placed on the enemy's works.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. HAYS,

Colonel Tenth Kentucky.

Captain WILLIAM B. PUGH,

A. A. AG., 3rd Brigadier, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

No. 165.

Report of Major John W. Wilson, Fourteenth Ohio Infantry,of operations may 10-August 20.

HDQRS. FOURTEENTH OHIO VETERAN VOL. INFANTRY, Utoy Creek, Ga., August 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the regiment during the advance of the Federal army thus far, since the opening of the present campaign:

May 10, broke up camp at Ringgold, and a march of ten miles brought us to two miles south of Tunnel Hill and in front of and near Buzzard Roost Gap. May 11, marched as train guard seven miles southeast. May 12, left bivouac at 6.30 a.m. to repair road; passed through and bivouacked one and a half miles southeast of Villanow; distance marched, six and a half miles. May 13,moved at 8 a.m., passed through Snake Creek Gap,and a march of eleven miles brought us within three and a half miles of Resaca, and in rear of the Twenty-third Corps. May 14, at 7 a.m. marched southeast two miles and took position at 8.30 a.m. on left of the division and in rear of first brigade. May 15, moved to our right one and a half miles and relieved part of the Fifteenth Army Corps; put one company out as skirmishers,who were hotly engaged throughout the day; casualties of the day, 3 men wounded, 1 mortally. May 16, the rebels evacuated their works at 3 a.m. My skirmishers entered Resaca at dawn of day and the regiment followed at 7.30 a.m. May 17, left Resaca at 3 a.m.,and a march of five miles brought us to Calhoun, Gordon County,through which we passed at 9 a.m.; marched south on the Atlanta road and bivouacked six miles from Calhoun. May 18, took up our line of march at 7.30 a.m.; passed through Adairsville, and went into camp near the railroad; distance marched, ten miles. May 19, left camp at 9 a.m. A march of five miles brought us to Kingston. One mile south of Kingston an attack was anticipated. Lines were formed, skirmishers pushed forward, and rebels fell back and permitted us to bivouac three miles east of Kingston. May 23, marched at 11.40 a.m.; crossed the Etowah River below Gillem's Bridge, three miles south of which we went into bivouac. The day was very warm, the roads, and the march of eleven miles fatigued the men very much. May 24, moved forward half a mile and took position on Dr. Jones' plantation. May 26,moved to Burnt Hickory; distance, twelve miles. May 28, moved toward Dallas three miles and bivouacked. May 29, marched northeast and camped two miles east of Burnt Hickory.

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 5 men and 3 officers and 26 men wounded.

---------------

