
June 1, marched southeast, crossing Pumpkin Vine Creek and camping in near of Twenty-third Corps; distance marched, seven miles. June 2, marched at 9.25 a.m. one and a half miles and relieved the Thirty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry under heavy skirmish fire; put two companies on skirmish line, which at that time was the extreme left of the Fourteenth Corps; had 2 men wounded. June 3, had two companies on skirmish line, which was sharply engaged all day. It was on my line that the much-lamented Major D. W. Norton was killed. Casualty of the regiment, 1 man killed. June 4, skirmishing very brisk all day; my regiment was relieved by the One hundred and forty-third New York Infantry and ordered in rear of the Tenth Kentucky Infantry; casualties, 2 men wounded. June 5, rebels evacuated their works in our front at 7 a.m. June 6, moved six miles and camped two miles south of Acworth and near Proctor's Creek. June 10, moved two miles and took position in front of Pine Knob, on left of front line of brigade. June 11, moved one mile southeast and took position on the right of the front line of the brigade, which was then the right of the Fourteenth Army Corps. June 14, at 11 a.m. moved southeast one mile with two companies on the skirmish line, which were hotly engaged till night; casualties of the regiment, 9 men wounded. June 15, advanced one mile and took position on right of rear line of brigade,which was on the right of the Fourteenth Army Corps; casualties, 1 man killed and 3 wounded, 1 mortally. June 17, rebels evacuated all their works on our right of the center of the Fourteenth Army Corps; heavy skirmishing all day; casualty, 1 man killed. June 18, regiment moved forward at 9 a.m. one line and took position on right of front line of brigade, which was held in reserve to the First and Second Brigades; heavy fighting in front of the Fourteenth Army Corps all day. June 19, advanced on a mile and took up quarters in rear of brigade, which was posted one and a half miles from and west of the south point of Kenesaw; heavy picket-firing throughout the day. June 20, two companies on picket-line; heavy cannonading in front of the left of the Fourteenth Army Corps. June 21, the usual skirmishing to-day; 1 man wounded. June 22, rebels commenced from the summit of South Kenesaw to shell our camp; casualties, 2 men wounded. June 24, casualties on picket-line, 3 men wounded, one mortally. June 26, moved two miles south and bivouacked in rear of the right of Fourth Army Corps. June 27, moved forward at 10 a.m. one and a half miles and lay in rear of brigade, which lay in reserve to Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. June 30, moved southeast one and a quarter miles and relieved Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, of the Twentieth Army Corps, which placed me on the left of the brigade.

July 3, rebels evacuated Kenesaw and all their works supporting that position, and fell back six miles forward the Chattahoochee River. Regiment moved to Marietta,thence south six miles, and bivouacked near junction of Atlanta and Sandtown roads. July 4, heavy artillery firing all day. July 6, rebels fell back to within nine and a half miles of Atlanta. My regiment preceded the Tenth Indiana Infantry; moved forward two and a half miles,and engaged the rebel skirmishers; pushed them back and took position on railroad at ten-miles stone, the Fourteenth being on left on front line. July 7, had 1 man wounded. July 9, 3 men wounded, 1 mortally. July 10, rebels evacuates north side of river; regiment moved and camped near Vining's Station. July 17, regiment crossed the Chattahoochee

