
and bivouacked on the south bank. July 18, moved south two and a half miles and bivouacked on south side of Nancy's Creek. July 19, advanced two and a half miles and took position one-quarter mile south of Peach Tree Creek; regiment on right of front line, joining First Brigade. July 20, advanced one-quarter mile and took position on left of front line of brigade; heavy skirmishing; had 1 man killed and 3 wounded. July 21, advanced a half mile in support of skirmishers,who made a charge,capturing rebel skirmish pits; had 1 officer and 5 men wounded; regiment on left of front line of brigade and division. July 22,rebels abandoned their works at 2 a.m. and fell back to Atlanta; regiment advanced two and a half miles; took position a half mile west of railroad and two and a half miles from Atlanta on the Turner's Ferry road on left of front line of brigade, which was on left of the division, the right of which rested on Proctor's Creek; remaining in this position,skirmishing daily, having but 1 man wounded, until August 3. Relieved by part of Twentieth Army Corps and moved southwest four miles and took position on right of Twenty-third Army Corps on right of rear line of brigade and near Utoy Creek. August 4, had two companies on skirmish line; lost 2 men wounded. August 5, assisted in charging rebel skirmishers, a majority of whom were captured; lost 3 men killed, 9 wounded, 2 of whom proved mortal. August 6, had 1 man mortally wounded and 3 captured. August 7, heavy picket-firing to-day; had 7 men wounded.

It affords me great pleasure to report that both officers and men under my command have acted nobly. Their conduct under fire could not be excelled. An interest was manifested by all to reach the point for which they started. Therefore, in justice to all, it would be impossible for me to particularize. The casualties since May 10 are 7 killed, 1 commissioned officer and 55 men wounded, 9 of which proved mortal, and 3 captured.

I am, captain very respectfully,

J. W. WILSON,

Major, Commanding.

Captain W. F. SPOFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 166.

Report of Captain George W. Kirk. Fourteenth Ohio Infantry, of operations September 1.

HDQRS. FOURTEENTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 3, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following part taken by the Fourteenth Ohio in the charge of September 1, 1864:

At 5.27 p.m. the regiment, consisting of 19 officers and 309 enlisted men, was in line, without knapsacks, and moving forward on the rebel works. The brigade was in double line and the Fourteenth occupying the left of the second line and immediately in rear of the Thirty-eight Ohio. The moving of the troops in the open field was slow in advancing, so that when we were ready to charge the men were in splendid line and unfatigued. The charge was a brilliant success,in which we carried two lines of the enemy's works,

