
and killed, wounded, or captured the whole rebel line in our front. The charge was made in splendid style, and with a will that could not fail of success. Every officer and every man appeared to be determined to break the rebel line. The loss of the regiment in the charge was 2 commissioned officers and 14 enlisted men killed, and 6 officers and 68 men wounded. Accompanying is a list of casualties.* The rebel line of works was not completed,but was near enough to be effective against infantry. Nothing but infantry was in our immediate front, who fought stubbornly,and continued fighting until our lines reached the works with their bayonets. After reaching the works the rebels still held the line of where our line reached, protected by traverses and enfiladed our lines severely for half an hour. In the early part of the action Major John W. Wilson had his leg broken, which prevented him from superintending the movement of the regiment. It is impossible to make special mention of any officer of the regiment for deeds of gallantry, for all did their whole duty nobly. On the enlisted men, I would make honorable mention of Private Joseph E. Warner, of Company A, for deeds of bravery and noble daring, who bore the colors and was among the first and foremost to reach the second line of rebel works, where he planted the colors on their top; but no sooner planted than he was shot and the colors fell. Corpl. John Beely, of Company H,of the color guard, seized them immediately and was severely wounded; Corpl. John S. Snook, of Company G, of the color guard, then caught them and planted them again upon the works,and by his own hand held them there till the victory was won. Sergt. Major Jesse Trapp was severely wounded in the arm at the opening of the charge, but remained upon the field doing his duty bravely till the works were taken.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. KIRK,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE P. ESTE,

Commanding Third Brigadier, Third Div., 14th Army Corps.

No. 167.

Report of Colonel William A. Choate, Thirty-eighth Ohio Infantry, of operations May 10-August 15.

HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Camp near Atlanta, Ga., August 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the order of the colonel commanding the brigade, I have the honor to submit the following report in brief of the operations of the Thirty-eight Regiment Ohio Volunteers during the present campaign:

On the 10th day of May, 1864, left Ringgold, Ga., in pursuance of an order from brigade headquarters, and took up our line of march, with the balance of the brigade, for the front, where we arrived same evening, and moved into position directly in front of Buzzard Roost,the Thirty-eighth having the left of the front line. Remained in same position until the 12th, when we marched with the brigade as train escort to Villanow, where we went into camp for the night.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

