
On the 13th moved through Snake Creek Gap, a distance of seven miles, and went into camp for the night, and on the morning of the 14th joined our division, moving up during the day to the support of troops which engaged the enemy's forces. On the morning of the 15th moved to the right and went into position on the left of the front line of the brigade. The enemy evacuating their works in and around Resaca during the night of the 15th, the regiment was among the first to enter the town on the morning of the 16th. On the 17th and 18th took part in the pursuit of the enemy. On the 19th was detailed as train guard, joining the brigade late at night in their camp south of Kingston. The 20th, 21st, and 22nd were spent in camp. On the morning of the 23rd broke up camp, moved in the direction of Dallas; during the day forded the River Etowah, making altogether one of the hardest marches of the campaign. On the 24th moved out of camp, returned, pitched tents, and remained until the morning of the 26th, when we again took up the line of march, going into camp near Burnt Hickory. Passed the 27th in camp. Moved three miles to the front on the 28th; returned again to a position near Burnt Hickory;went into camp, remaining in same camp until 1st of June, supposed to be guarding during the time the army transportation.

On the 1st of June moved to the front line near Dallas, and on the 2nd went into position on the extreme front. From the 2nd until the morning of the 5th took part with the brigade in building works and the skirmishing which resulted from advancing our lines, which led to the abandonment by the enemy of their works. The nights of the 4th and 5th were spent in camp. The 6th we marched to a position near Acworth and went into camp, where we rested until the 10th, when we again moved out to engage the enemy,which we found in strong position about four miles from camp. The regiment took part with the brigade in the various marches, countermarches, advance moves from right to the left and left to right, the digging of intrenchments and the various skirmishes embracing the time from the 10th until the night of the 19th, when the enemy again fell back to a strong position, their flanks extending to the right and left of Kenesaw Mountain, Marietta being covered by their center. On the 19th moved up with the brigade in front of Kenesaw Mountain. The brigade was held in reserve the 20th, 21st, and 22d. On the 22d, it might not be improperly noticed, a rebel shell wounded 2 commissioned officer and 5 enlisted men, 2 of the enlisted men receiving mortal wounds. On the night of the 22nd moved up on to the front line in front of the mountain, where we remained until the night of the 26th, when we moved to the right. On the 27th,with the division, supported Davis,of our corps, and his assault upon the enemy's works. Remained in position in rear of Davis until the night of the 30th,when we again moved to the right,relieving the division commanded by General Geary,of the Twentieth Corps. Moved into position behind works and there remained without change until the morning of the 3d, when it was found that the rebels had again beat an inglorious retreat. Took part in the pursuit of the 3d, camped in sight of the enemy for the night,and spent the anniversary of American Independence in front of the rebel intrenchments,the rebels being inclined to make another stand before falling back to their line of defenses on the north bank of the Chattahoochee. On the morning of the 5th, however, to our surprise, the enemy had disappeared from our front; moved in pursuit with brigade and went

