
into position near the railroad south of Vining's Station. From the 5th to the 8th took part in the various movements of the brigade, which developed the enemy's position and forced him to cross the river precipitately during the night of the 9th. The 10th we moved camp to the left and front of Vining's Station, where we remained until the 17th of July. During the time from July 10 to the 17th the regiment was supplied with clothing and had ample opportunities, which were not neglected, to clean up. The regiment also, to a very great extent, recovered from its fatigue which the hardships of the campaign had produced; especially were the recruits of the regiment, in a worn and exhausted condition,benefitted by the rest. On the 17th of July crossed the Chattahoochee River with brigade, it being in rear of division and corps,and on the evening of the 19th advanced a position on the south bank of Peach Tree Creek. From the 19th to the 22nd took a prominent part in the movements of the brigade and army, which brought on the battle of the 20th and led to the advancement of the line to within easy range of the enemy's works,which they abandoned on the night of the 21st and fell back to their works in the immediate vicinity of Atlanta. Moved up on the 22nd to a position in the direct from of Atlanta, where we built works and remained until the 2nd instant, when, under orders, we moved with the brigade to the extreme right and went into position.

From the 3rd to the 6th it is unnecessary to detail operations,for they are familiar to the commanding officer of the brigade. It the advancement of the line on the 5th instant, and in so doing met with quite serious loss, both in commissioned officers and enlisted men. It is presumed that this report regiment during the campaign, hence details have not been entered into, nor the operations mentioned enlarged upon. Copious extracts might be furnished from the journals of the regiment showing the character and diversity of country over which we had passed, and full and accurate descriptions given of the various skirmishes and battles in which this regiment has taken part, either directly or in the way of support; nor is it presumed that it is expected that distinctions will be made as between meritorious officers or enlisted men, all of whom, I am only too proud to say, behaved with great gallantry under all circumstances during this campaign and bore up under the exposures and hardships incident thereto with commendable fortitude. It is believed that the heroism displayed by our soldiers in this ever-to-be-memorable campaign is unequaled in the history of the world, and is of a higher type than has yet been displayed in our efforts to crush out this great rebellion, which seeks to overthrow the best Government the world ever saw. The losses of our regiment have been as follows, to wit: In front of Resaca, 1 killed, 2 wounded; near Dallas, 1 killed, 6 wounded; Kenesaw Mountain, 1 killed, 16 wounded; near Chattahoochee River, 6 wounded, 1 missing; south of Peach Tree Creek, 2 wounded; near railroad in front of Atlanta, 1 killed, 5 wounded; on right wing of army near Atlanta, 4 killed, 41 wounded, making an aggregate of 87, 8 of whom were killed and 78 wounded and 1 missing. Of the above 5 were commissioned officers wounded, among whom were Major Irving, severely,and Captain Gilbert and Lieutenant McQuillen, severely. The total loss of regiment to date has been 121 killed and wounded, but the losses

