
have repeatedly dismounted guns and blown up limbers and caissons of rebel batteries during the campaign. The practice has been remarkable in every battery for accuracy,and I think I can safely say that no batteries in the service surpass those of the Fourteenth Corps in precision of firing or in rapidity of maneuvering. I cannot close my report without acknowledging the prompt and efficient assistance rendered me by the division chiefs of artillery, Captains Drury, Estep, and Barnett, during the campaign.*

Respectfully submitted.

CHARLES HOUGHTALING,

Major and Chief of Artillery, Fourteenth Corps.

Bvt. Major General J. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Fourteenth Army Corps.

No. 169.

Report of Captain Mark H. Prescott, Battery C, First Illinois Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY C, FIRST ILLINOIS ARTILLERY, Jonesborough, Ga., September 5, 1864.

MAJOR: In compliance with orders requiring a report of operations of my battery during this campaign, I have the honor herewith to transmit the following report:

In obedience to orders received at Graysville, Ga., May 3, 1864, I moved out toward Ringgold and encamped near the town, where I remained until May 6, when I moved out again passing Tunnel Hill under fire and encamped on the road to Buzzard Roost on the night of the 7th. On the 8th moved forward to Buzzard Roost. One section of my battery went into position in front of gap and opened on rebel works, 9th remaining two sections moved up and battery was engaged all day; at noon three guns went through the valley to the left of Buzzard Roost Gap under a heavy musketry fire and took up position within 1,000 yards of the rebel batteries. On the 10th battery was engaged in front of gap again. 11th, engaged heavily three hours at the gap; one section was placed in a very exposed position, by order of Major-General Thomas, to draw the enemy's fire. May 12, marched to Snake Creek Gap, and camped at the south end. 13th, moved out and took up a position in line in front of Resaca. 14th, advanced in the evening and took up position and threw up works within 800 yards of rebel works during the night. 15th, after being engaged a short time I was ordered to move farther to the left and take up position, which I did under heavy fire of artillery and musketry, and was heavily engaged here all day.16th, the enemy having evacuated the night before, I moved into Resaca and camped. 17th,moved forward again, passing through Calhoun,and camped at the battle-ground five miles below. 18th, moved forward, passing through Adairsville, and

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties accompanying this report shows 17 men wounded in Battery C, First Illinois; 10 men wounded in Nineteenth Indiana Battery; 1 man killed, 10 men wounded, and 1 officer and 2 men captured or missing in Battery I, Second Illinois; 4 men wounded in Fifth Wisconsin Battery; 9 men wounded in Seventh Indiana Battery, and 1 officer and 4 men killed, 1 officer and 19 men wounded in Battery, First Ohio; total, 79.

---------------

