
camped at a point five miles from Kingston.19th moved, again to a position on the banks of the Coosa River. 20th,marched on toward Cassville and camped. 21st, crossed Etowah River at Island Ford, and camped on Euharlee Creek.22d, remained in camp. 23d, remained in camp. 24th,crossed creek and camped on Allatoona Hills. 25th, marched at 2 a.m. toward Dallas, through Burnt Hickory,and camped on the mountain.26th, moved forward and took up position in line of Pumpkin Vine Creek at 4 p.m., and threw up works during the night. 27th, engaged by rebel batteries all day. 28th, engaged in same position all day. 29th,engaged at same place all day. 30th, engaged all day. 31st, engaged all day.

June 1, engaged all day. June 2, engaged a part of the day; was relieved in the evening and moved two and a half miles to the left and went into camp,where we remained during the 3d, 4th, and 5th. June 6,moved again, passing through Big Shanty to Allatoona Creek, where we camped. 7th, camped in line and threw up works. 8th and 9th, remained in camp. 10th, marched again toward Kenesaw Mountain and camped. 11th, went into position three miles from Kenesaw Mountain. 12th and 13th, in position but not engaged.14th, engaged a part of the day. 15th,moved out toward Kenesaw and camped. 16th and 17th battery lightly engaged. 18th, went in to camp. 19th, remained in camp all day. 20th, went into position under fire near east of Kenesaw Mountain, relieving a battery of the Fourth Army Corps, and threw up works. 21st, battery engaged heavily all day. 22d, was engaged heavily all day; Private Daniel Shonenburgh was torn to pieces by a shell and First Sergt. J. Miller was wounded slightly in leg, Sergt. L. S. Warner slightly in finger, Private G. W. Blanchard slightly in heard. 23d,engaged all day in same position. 24th, in same position but not engaged. 25th, engaged a part of the day; changed position after dark, going farther to the right.26th, was engaged. 27th,engaged heavily by rebel batteries. 28th, was engaged at intervals. 29th, was engaged again. 30th, in same position but not engaged.

July 1, was engaged in same position. 2d, was engaged all day. 3d, the rebels having fallen back during the night, I moved out on the Marietta road, passed through the town and took up position with one section five miles south of Marietta on the skirmish line and was engaged until night, when I threw up works and put the whole battery into position; Corpl. Oscar D. Gray was wounded severely in left side. 4th, was engaged heavily all day in same position; Privates Jeremiah Swoyer was wounded severely in shoulder, George Ohio in arm and side severely, F. G. Vallereux badly in right arm, D. W. Shearer in face and hand, John Shanon slightly in hand, George Harding slightly in hand, Cornelius Burns in head, Frank Hall in foot. 5th, moved forward again, the rebels having evacuated the night before,and took up position on the Chattahoochee River and opened on the rebels; threw up works during the night. 6th, went into camp near the works. Remained in camp 7th and 8th. 9th, was engaged in same works all day;Christopher Klassier wounded in the head.

In camp again on the 10th, where we remained until the 16th, when I exchanged two sections of my Parrott guns for 3-inch rifles. 17th, in obedience to orders, I moved out and crossed the Chattahoochee River, and camped about one mile from the river. 18th, moved out and took up position on skirmish line,and was engaged

