
into camp on the railroad near the town, where we are at present encamped. During the entire campaign officers and men performed their duty in every respect, and in all of the engagement exhibited perfect coolness and bravery without an exception.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. PRESCOTT,

Captain, Commanding Battery C, First Illinois Artillery.

[Major CHARLES HOUGHTALING,

Chief of Artillery.]

No. 170.

Report of Captain Charles M. Barnett, Battery I, Second Illinois Light Artillery.

HDQRS. BATTERY I, SECOND ILLINOIS LIGHT ARTY., Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to tender the following report of the operations of this battery during the campaign in Georgia of 1864:

On the 2nd of May, 1864, I marched form Rossville, Ga. (attached Davis commanding), to Richmond, Ga. On the 5th marched for Cherokee Springs. 7th, marched at daylight for Tunnel Hill, arriving there at 11 a.m.; fired sixty rounds at a rebel battery, which retired. 9th, worked all night, placing three guns in position on a hill fronting Rocky Face Ridge, and relieved three guns on the left of the railroad with the other three. 10th, fired 196 rounds at the enemy; at night fell back,and took the harness off for the first time in thirty-six hours. 11th, placed three pieces in the gap on the railroad and fired forty rounds. 12th, marched at 6 a.m. for Snake [Creek] Gap, arriving in camp at 2 a.m. on the 13th. 13th, formed line of battle in front of Resaca, Ga. 15th, went into position and kept up a steady fire all day; at night the enemy opened with musketry in our front, when, supporting they were advancing, I fired a few rounds; in half an hour all was quiet. 16th, marched for Rome, Ga., under General Davis. 17th, arrived at 5 p.m. within two miles of Rome, where we had a sharp fight, and drove the enemy across the river into the town. 18th, in position to shell the city, when a rebel battery opened on us; returned their fire and silenced them. At noon our division had the town. 21st, moved into Rome. 24th and 25th, marched in a southeasterly direction twenty-five miles. 26th, arrived at Dallas, Ga., at 5 p.m. 27th to 31st, in position fronting west. June 1, moved to our left. 4th, in position on a hill marched Stoneman's. 6th, marched and camped close to Acworth Ga. 11th, marched toward Kenesaw Mountain, enemy holding strong position around the base of the mountain. 15th moved into some bastions I built the night before, and shelled the enemy all day. 16th, continued shelling; 2 horses wounded by the enemy's musketry. 18th, moved forward about a quarter of a mile and built works. 19th, at 8 a.m. enemy falling back; brought up a section and shelled them on the crest of Kenesaw Mountain; 9 a.m. placed the whole battery in position; fired 600 rounds. 20th, moved within 1,400 yards of Kenesaw Mountain, and expended 702 rounds ammunition. 22d, enemy opened from crest of the mountain with

