
artillery; at night I built bastions for the battery within 1,400 yards of the crest of the mountain. 23d, returned the enemy's fire when they opened on us, and a sharp artillery duel ensued, but having built small magazines for my ammunition and sent horses to the rear, I did not receive any damage. From June 23 to July 2, in the same position and keeping up a constant firing on the enemy's batteries on the crest of the mountain. On the night of the 2nd joined Second Division, about four miles southwest of Kenesaw. 3d, marched through Marietta, Ga., after the enemy. 4th, opened on the enemy who were strongly intrenched about six miles south of Marietta. 5th, pursued the enemy,who had evacuated during the night; came up with them at Chattahoochee River by the railroad bridge and shelled them for two hours. 9th, in position shelling the enemy. 11th, enemy evacuated and retreated across the river; followed them up with a section, shelling them. In camp up to the 17th; then marched, crossing the Chattahoochee River about five miles above the railroad bridge; constant skirmishing. 19th, in position in front of Peach Tree Creek and fired a few rounds. 22d, marched about five miles and found the enemy strongly intrenched around Atlanta; went into position on the west of the town and threw a few shells into it. 23d, built works for my guns. 30th, moved to our right. August 7, built works for the guns, about eight miles southwest of Atlanta, and was engaged every day up to the 26th, having 2 men killed, 8 wounded, and 1 horse killed. 27th, at 2 a.m. moved toward East Point some three miles and camped. September 1, after marching and counter marching from August 27, found the enemy in front of Jonesborough, Ga., covering the Macon railroad and fronting west; placed my battery in position and fired a few rounds, when at First and Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, charged, driving the enemy from their works and capturing 8 guns. 2d, marched for Jonesborough, Ga., where we are now encamped. All through the campaign my officers and men have done their duty willingly.

I am your obedient servant,

CHAS. M. BARNETT,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

[Major CHARLES HOUGHTALING,

Chief of Artillery.]

No. 171.

Report of Captain Otho H. Morgan, Seventh Indiana Battery.

HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH INDIANA BATTERY, Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to transmit you the following report of the operations of the Seventh Indiana Battery in this campaign:

At 8 o'clock on the morning of May 6, 1864, the battery moved out from Ringgold, Ga., with the Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, on the Dalton road, and early in the afternoon camped near Tunnel Hill. From the 7th to 12th moving of note occurred except a few changes of camp. May 12, moved to the right, and passing through Snake Creek Gap, camped after a march of twenty miles. May 14,in obedience to your orders, four guns were placed on the

