
line in front of the regular brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. Two guns had an enfilading fire on the enemy, to the left, and one section aided in silencing two guns in front. Lieutenant Pound and section was sent per order of Captain Estep, division chief artillery, half a mile to the left, and took position on a commanding ridge, directing his fire mainly at a rebel battery in his front. During the night of the 14th the enemy was heard erecting works but, expecting orders to change position, no preparations were made for defense until just before daylight. No orders coming, I moved Lieutenant Repp's section 400 yards to the left, and placed Lieutenant Fislar's section behind a little crest, and employed what little time we had before day in putting up a protection to shield the gunners. It was found almost impossible to work the guns on account of the nearness to the enemy's sharpshooters, but a random fire was kept up until we were relieved. Late in the forenoon Captain Estep ordered me to withdraw, which was done as speedily as possible. For seventy-five yards Lieutenant Fislar's section was exposed to a flank fire of musketry, but the move was so unexpected that most of the men were under cover before the heaviest fire was opened. Sergeant Hoffman was severely wounded, and 2 horses shot in this operation. Lieutenant Repp and Pond came out with their sections and the battery moved with the division several miles to the right, and one section relieved two guns of some Iowa battery, and fired several shots at the rebel works, but elicited no reply. On the 16th marched and crossed the Coosa River at Resaca at midnight, and parked for the men to breakfast while the division was coming up; passed through Calhoun and camped for the night three miles south. On the 19th camped near Cassville, where we remained until the 23d, when we took up the route of march, fording the Etowah at Island Ford, and after then miles' march,camped on Island Creek; two days passed without a move. Marched to Burnt Hickory Valley on the 26th. At noon on the 28 moved four miles to the front, returning the next day to Burnt Hickory. June 1, reporting Lieutenant Repp's section to General Turchin, who remained as train guard, marched ten miles to the front. June 3, advanced the battery to the line of Colonel Este's brigade, and during this and the succeeding day kept up a desultory fire on the rebel skirmishers, driving them from houses, and in conjunction with the Nineteenth Indiana Battery repelled several attempted advances of the enemy. Marched on the 6th and camped near Acworth. Rested three days and moved on the 10th, and finding the enemy on Pine Mountain one section was but in position per order of General Baird, and during this and the following day shelled the mountain. June 11, withdrew upon this position and remained quiet until the 15th, when we advanced several miles, and that night built works on our division line and put the battery in position. Early in the morning of the 16th General Palmer ordered the woods and valley in my front to be shelled, and on the afternoon of that day General Thomas sent orders to open a vigorous fire on a nest of sharpshooters that prevented an advance, which was accordingly done; during the night of the 16th threw up an advanced work, and the next day occupying it, assisted our troops to advance by dislodging their skirmishers. Late in the afternoon of the 18th I got two guns into position on the right of Battery I, First Ohio Artillery,and opened fire on a rebel fort 1,300 yards distant, which was feebly replied to. Moved forward on the

