
19th, and in the afternoon took position, in front of Kenesaw Mountain, by order of General Palmer. The side of the mountain occupied by sharpshooters was shelled, and late in the day I directed the fire on a battery off to our right. During the next two days fired occasional shots, and in the afternoon of the 23rd moved into position on the line occupied by the Third Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, in front of Little Kenesaw Mountain. I immediately commenced strengthening the works, and while so occupied was much annoyed by an enfilade fire from a rebel battery. Early in the forenoon of the next day the enemy's batteries on the mountain and along the line concentrated a terrific fire on the batteries in front of the Third Division, and for an hour the cannonade was very heavy. My bugler, Asa D. Broody, was here severely wounded in the head by a piece of shell, and Privates Gibbens and Boyd slightly hurt by bullets. Our division was relieved on the night of the 25th by the Fifteenth Corps, and on the morning of the 26th General McPherson directed me to open a heavy fire on the batteries in range previous to a charge his corps would make at 8 o'clock. His order was obeyed until the advance of his line made it unsafe to fire. Remained in this position, firing more or less every day, until I was relieved on the night of July 1, by one of General Osterhaus' batteries, when I reported back to my division and was put in position at daylight by Captain Estep. Exchanged a number of shots during the day with the enemy. Marched on the 3rd and camped two miles worth of Marietta. July 5, moved again, the toward noon General Baird ordered my battery up the mountain overlooking Vining's Station, and here we shelled the rear guard of the enemy just crossing the Chattahoochee. Before dark withdrew and went into camp,where we remained four days. Built works on the night of the 9th, but the enemy evacuating, moved into position commanding the ford. July 18, crossed the Chattahoochee and camped four miles south. Moved at 7 o'clock on the morning of the 19th, and after two miles' march found the enemy posted just across Peach Tree Creek. In accordance with your order, took position on a ridge near the skirmish line, and kept up a fire until dark. Private Camp was very severely wounded by a musket-ball. Marched July 22 and took position within two miles of Atlanta, where we remained twelve days. Fired at intervals during this period, directing most of our shots at the city and the rebel works in front. August 4, moved three miles to the right, and, by your order, took position in front of General Baird's division, from which point we did not open until the 6th. Made several demonstrations at times by order of General Baird. Sergeant Kitzmiller, Corpl. McPheeters, and Privates Watson did Mann were wounded in this position on the 7th, 2 of them by shells and 2 by musketry. Remained here until the night of the 26th, when we withdrew under the fire of the rebel batteries, and marched several miles to the right. From the 27th to the evening of the 30th short marches were made,and nothing of interest occurred. On the morning of the 31st moved out to the line with Colonel Walker's brigade, Third Division, and threw a number of shells at a large rebel wagon train, which soon changed its course, and passed out of view. September 1, moved forward with General Baird's division, and, nearing the battle-field, was halted by Major Lowrie, assistant adjutant-general, Third Division, and held ourselves in readiness to move until after

