
dark, when we went into camp for the night, by order of Major Lowrie. September 2, moved into Jonesborough, where we are now located.

I take pleasure in according to the officers and me of my command much credit for their excellent conduct during this arduous and memorable campaign.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. H. MORGAN,

Captain, Commanding Seventh Indiana Battery.

No. 172.

Report of Lieutenant William P. Stackhouse, Nineteenth Indiana Battery, of operations May 7-August 31.

In compliance with orders, the battery moved from Ringgold, Ga., on the 7th day of May, and marched in the direction of Dalton, Ga.; encamped one mile south of Tunnel Hill, Ga. 8th, marched two miles south and encamped. 9th, moved the battery one and a half miles, and opposite to Buzzard Roost. 10th and 11th, in camp. 12th, marched south to Snake [Creek] Gap, thence east through the gap, and went into camp; distance marched, fifteen miles. 13th, battery marched nine miles, and encamped two and a half miles west of Resaca, Ga; participated in the action near Resaca, Ga. On the 14th and 15th Corp. David M. Connell and Private Ulysses Eaton wounded seriously. 16th, marched to Resaca, and went into camp at 4 p.m.; at 11 a.m. battery marched sic miles south of Resaca, Ga., and halted in the road until morning. 17th, marched in the direction of Calhoun, Ga., and encamped two miles south of the town. 18th, marched in the direction of Adairsville, Ga., passed through the town, and encamped two miles north of Kingstons, Ga.; distance marched, sixteen miles. 19th, marched through Kingston and encamped two miles west of Cassville, Ga.; distance marched,six miles. 20th, 21st, and 22d,in camp. 23d, marched south,fording the Etowah River; encamped at dark; distance marched, thirteen miles. 24th and 25th,in camp. 26th, the battery moved in the direction of Burnt Hickory; distance marched, ten miles. 27th, in camp. 28th, marched two miles and encamped on the banks of Pumpkin Vine Creek. 29th, moved back to Burnt Hickory and encamped. 30th, in camp. 31st, marched nine miles and encamped two miles north of Dallas, Ga.

Rounds of ammunition expended during the month - case-shot. 26; common shell, 8; solid shot, 7; total, 41.

June 1, engaged in building works for the guns. 2d, four of the guns in position. 3d,4th,and 5th, all of the battery in position and participated in driving the enemy from their works. 6th, the battery moved six miles in the direction of Marietta, Ga. 7th, 8th, and 9th,in camp. 10th, marched four miles and encamped one and a half miles west of Big Shanty, Ga. 11th, moved one mile southwest of Big Shanty, Ga., and went into camp. 12th, 13th, and 14th, in camp. 15th,marched two miles and encamped. 16th and 17th, the battery was in position, shelling the enemy at intervals. 18th, moved the battery to within three miles of Kenesaw Mountain.

53 R R-VOL XXXVIII, PT I

