
them, the wagons having failed to reach me until noon next day, after the enemy occupied our old position. The following is a list of the stores lost: 2 mules, unserviceable; 3 sets mule harness; 300 feet picket rope; 1 wall tent.

I take pleasure in reporting the good conduct of officers and men in my command during the campaign.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILTON A. OSBORNE,

Captain Twentieth Indiana Battery, Commanding.

Major CHARLES HOUGHTALING,

Chief of Artillery, Fourteenth Army Corps.

No. 174.

Report of Lieutenant Joseph McKnight, Fifth Wisconsin Battery.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH WISCONSIN BATTERY, Jonesborough, September 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to herewith transmit a report of the operations of the Fifth Wisconsin Battery, Veteran Volunteers, during the late Northern Georgia campaign.

The battery, commanded by Captain George Q. Gardner, broke camp at Rossville, Ga., May 2, 1864, and advanced to Ringgold, Ga., where it remained May 5, when it marched to Cherokee Springs. On May 7 it marched with the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, to Tunnel Hill, and on the 9th went into position in front of Rocky Face Ridge, where it remained until the 12th, when it marched to the right, passing through Snake Creek Gap during the night, and on the afternoon of the 13th marched with the Second Division to re-enforce General Johnson, commanding First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, six miles distant. At the battle of Resaca, Ga., May 14, at 3 p.m. the battery, by direction of Major Houghtaling, chief of artillery, Fourteenth Army Corps, took a position 500 yards from, and partially enfilading, the enemy's main works; fired rapidly until night-fall, when it withdrew and replenished with ammunition. On the 15th relieved Battery I, First Ohio Artillery, one-half mile to the right of our former position, and kept up a slow fire on the enemy's works during the day. Marched with the Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, May 16 and 17 until 4 p.m., when it engaged the enemy with the division at Rome, Ga., where it remained until the 24th of May, when it took up the line of march toward Dallas, Ga., arriving on the 27th, and was in position in different sections of the lines for the most part yet firing but a few rounds, until the enemy evacuated, June 5, 1864. After resting until the 10th of June the battery moved with the division and took up a position. June 15, in line in front of the enemy's first line at Kenesaw Mountain, where it remained until the 19th, when the enemy fell back to the mountain. On the evening of the 22nd of June earth-works were constructed for the battery in the new line in front of Kenesaw, and went into position at daylight on the 23d, dismounting ammunition chests and sending limbers, caissons, and horses to the rear, in which position it remained, firing more or less every day at the enemy's batteries on the top and rifle-pits on the slope of the mountain, with an accuracy rarely equaled by smooth-bore guns, until the

