
evening of July 2, when it moved to the right during the night, when the enemy evacuated the very strong position. The battery marched with the division in pursuit of the enemy four miles south of Marietta, Ga., July 3, and on the 4th constructed earth-works, and kept up a slow fire on the enemy's rifle-pits and main works during the afternoon,and at night the enemy fell back to the Chattahoochee River. Followed up the enemy on the 5th, and went into position in front of his works on the north side of the Chattahoochee River, we're it remained constructing earth-works and keeping up a slow fire on the enemy's until the evening of the 9th, when the enemy fell back across the river. It crossed the Chattahoochee July 17, and on the 20th crossed Peach Tree Creek and went into position on a commanding hill, and shelled the enemy out of their pits in front of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps. On the 22nd of July the battery advanced with the Second Division, then on the right,to within two miles of Atlanta, Ga., and constructed earth-works, where it remained in line, without change of position or becoming engaged until the 28th. The battery, on July 28, 1864, Lieutenant J. McKnight commanding, changed position into the lines of the First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, by direction of Major Houghtaling, and fired a few rounds at the enemy's rifle-pits, where it remained until the evening of August 3, 1864, when it moved four miles to the right,and was held in reserve until the 6th. On the 6th of August the battery relieved a 12-pounder battery of the Twenty-third Army Corps and fired a few rounds during the day, and on the 7th took a position to the left, and front of a hill within 200 yards in the enemy's skirmish line, and fired rapidly at the enemy's batteries, covering our infantry, which took two lines of rifle-pits and many prisoners. At night erected earth-works, in which position it remained, firing more or less each day, and silencing the enemy's batteries in our immediate front, thus enabling our infantry to maneuver or fortify at pleasure, until the 26th of August, 1864.

On the evening of the 26th of August the battery withdrew from the line and advanced with the other batteries of the Fourteenth Army Corps to the rear of Atlanta, crossing the Montgomery railroad on the 28th, and encamping on the 30th four miles north of Jonesborough, situated on the Macon railroad and eighteen miles south of Atlanta, where it remained on the 31st until 4 p.m., when it marched one mile east, then counter marched and advanced two miles south and went into camp for the night. September 1, the battery marched at 7 a.m., with the Second Division,to the left of the Army of the Tennessee, and went into position by direction of Captain Charles M. Barnett, commanding Second Battalion Artillery, Fourteenth Army Corps, when it fired vigorously at the enemy's batteries for two hours, then changed position to the left and front and again opened on the enemy's lines and batteries, and ceased when our lines, charging, were but a few yards of their works. On the 2nd marched into Jonesborough, Ga., where it is at this date in a serviceable condition in all its parts, the men hale and hearty and in the best of spirits.

The casualties of the command, after firing 4,232 rounds, being but 4 slightly wounded and perhaps a dozen others struck with spent balls or pieces of shell, and none prisoners of war, would not meet the ideal brilliancy of some minds, considering the long and arduous campaign, yet it is such a record that we can best afford,

