
General Newton. The line faces southeast and is along a ridge which covers Catoosa Springs, the left is about one-half mile in a direct line west from Burke's Mill. McCook's cavalry is in that vicinity picketing the road toward Varnell's Station and Parker's Gap. The wagon train is at Salem Church; this is about two and a half miles from Parkers Gap. Such wagons as contained baggage, &amp;c., necessary for present use, were brought forward to-day to the three divisions. The train will remain in park at the church until further orders. The road over which General Woods' column marched to-day was good and dry; but little water until Salem Church was reached;f rom that point to Catoosa Springs it is bad, and without being "worked" would be almost impassable in some places with heavy trains when muddy; it is also very narrow, small undergrowth of pine, &c., growing very close to it; with the exception of a few isolated places train could not pass on this part of the road; it runs through a depression in the hills, and a small rill that courses along it would badly wash it after heavy rains. Opened communication from Catoosa Springs to Ringgold by signal. An aide-de-camp, staff of Major-General Thomas, reported from Ringgold at 3 p.m. Nothing of importance occurred during the day. The rebel outpost in one place, where it was observed, was watching our movements. Major Mohrhardt, chief topographical engineer of the corps, arrived this p.m. from Cleveland and reported for duty. Day clear and warm.

May 5.- Remained in camp. General Howard rode to Salem Church and vicinity to reconnoiter the country and examine the roads. Major-General Thomas arrived from Ringgold at 10 a.m. General Howard returned about 11 a.m. General Thomas gave instructions to be ready for orders to march toward the enemy with as little transportation as possible. Ordered corps, division, and brigade headquarters to move, when came, with one wagon each; division to take only enough wagons to carry two days' rations and forage; to take ammunition wagons and wagons with tools. General Stanley, under this order, report that he will require seventy-eight wagons, General Newton that he will require seventy, General Wood that he will require eighty-five. The rest of the train parked at Salem Church to proceed at the same time to Ringgold via Parker's Gap, fill up with rations and forage, and then wait for orders. One or two small squads of the enemy (scouts) have been seen in front of our left during the day. All quiet; nothing new. The day clear and very warm.

May 6.- Remained in camp at Catoosa Springs. Major-General Howard started over to Ringgold at 8 a.m. to see Major-General Thomas, but on the way there he met Major-General Sherman coming to Catoosa Springs, and returned with him. Major-General Sherman arrived at headquarters Fourth Corps at about 9 a.m. Division commanders called to see him. He gave General Howard orders and instructions in reference to our movements - general orders and general instructions. At 12.30 p.m. received orders from Major-General Thomas, directing this corps to march to-morrow (7th) at daybreak on Tunnel Hill by the road from Lee's to that point, co-operating with Major-General Palmer, who would march direct on Tunnel Hill, the object to drive the enemy from there should he be in force, this corps to take him in flank, while General Palmer would attack in front. Major-General Schofield has been ordered to march on Varnell's Station and to feel toward our left. Colonel McCook, commanding First Division Cavalry,

