
was also ordered to move under directions of Major-General Howard. At 2.30 p.m. Major-General Howard and staff rode to Doctor Lee's house and vicinity to reconnoiter the roads thereabouts, and to take a view of the Tunnel Hill range. Part of the staff returned at 4 p.m., and the general and the rest of the staff rode to Ringgold, he to consult with Major-General Thomas at 5 p.m.; this in accordance with instructions received. At 5 p.m. orders were given to division commanders to march the next morning as follows: The First Division to lead, moving via the Alabama, or the old Federal, road and the first road to the right after leaving Ben. Clark's house; that Third Division to follow; the Second Division to move via Burke's Mill to Doctor Lee's house; General (or Colonel) McCook's cavalry to move in conjunction with General Newton, and he to consult with General N[ewton.] It is the intention to ascertain first whether the enemy occupies Tunnel Hill range in force; if not, the hill to be taken possession of, the First Division forming a junction with Major-General Palmer's corps (Fourteenth), which was been ordered to move directly on the tunnel from Ringgold, and the Third Division forming on the left of the First; the Second Division to be massed in reserve opposite our left as a strong cover to our left and to wait the arrival of Major-General Schofield's corps (Twenty-third), which, sine the order was given to go to Varnell's Station, has been ordered to move and take position, with its right resting at Doctor's Lee's and its left at Ellidge's. If the enemy are found in force, it will be necessary to take the ridge at the most accessible points, and then change front toward the tunnel. The First and Second Division are to draw at 4.30 a.m. to-morrow,and the Third at 5 a.m. The wagon train that accompanies the troops will leave Salem Church at 5 a.m., pass Catoosa Springs, and camp at some point on the Alabama road near the Springs, to be indicated by a staff officer. The rest of the corps train will leave Salem Church at daylight for Ringgold via Parker's Gap. Major-General Howard returned from Ringgold at 7.15 p.m. Nothing new in our front to-day. The pickets of the enemy have been seen, but they are very quiet and not disposed to show themselves. Day very warm and clear.

May 7.- Movements were made at 4.30 and 5 a.m. as directed. Our cavalry skirmishers met the enemy's cavalry skirmishers at Doctor Lee's house and Widow Gillian's at 6 a.m. and skirmished all the way to Tunnel Hill. At 6 a.m. General Newton reported that he had arrived at Doctor Lee's house and was taking position as directed. at 6.15 verbal orders were sent to division commanders to consolidate their trains in the vicinity of Clark's house, under direction of Captain Schoeninger, acting assistant quartermaster. General Howard, after visiting General Stanley's division, and then General Newton's, at Doctor Lee's house, at 6.45 a.m. joined General Wood's division. After waiting at Gillan's house for General Stanely's division to pass at 7.30, soon rode forward and joined General Stanley's column, which was obliged to move slowly on account of the skirmishing in front and on account of the road from Gillilan's to Tunnel Hill being blockaded by timber that was felled across the same by the enemy. Before being able to reach the head of the column which was advancing, General Stanley sent a messenger back, stating that there was nothing but cavalry at Tunnel Hill, but that a division of rebel infantry was reported to be beyond it. Reached the front on the ridge opposite Tunnel Hill at 8.45 a.m. Cruft's brigade, of First Division, was there, General

