
Cruft having communicated with Davis' division, of Palmer's corps, with the Second and Third brigade of his division, General Stanley swinging around to Tunnel Hill range,and gained possession of the northern extremity of it and then advanced toward the tunnel. At 9.20, while at Cruft's headquarters, we caught a rebel signal message stating staff-

Fighting on Tunnel Hill; skirmishing on right of the tunnel. No news from Cleveland. Can't see station.

BAINE.

Skirmishing continued in front of Cruft's division. The enemy opened artillery fire on Davis; did not amount to much. At 10 went to join General Stanley, ascending the north end of Tunnel Hill. General Stanley met no opposition, except from skirmishers, the enemy's cavalry having fled upon his approach. Joined General Stanley just as he took the hill, at the tunnel. It was taken at 11 a.m. Sent General Thomas a note informing him of this fact. Fine view of Buzzard Roost and Rocky Face Ridge from here. Rebel infantry, about a bridge, was seen over at the gap in Rocky Face Ridge, probably there as a post of observation. Formed as though for re-cognisance and started toward our position, but upon firing a few artillery shots at them they retired. At 11.05 a.m. received a note from Major-General Schofield, stating that his command was at Doctor Lee's house and his cavalry at Varnell's station. This note was sent by him at 9.30 a.m., and at 11.20 a reply was sent to him, informing him of our position. At 1 a.m. received note from General McCook, dated Tunnel Hill road, giving his position, one brigade at Varnell's Station, the other on the left of General Newton, and asking whether he should unite his brigades. As General Thomas and General Elliott, chief of cavalry, were present, they replied, sending him instructions. As soon as Tunnel Hill was gained General Stanley was placed in position, his line extending along the summit of the hill, the right resting on the road that crosses the same, running from Ringgold to Dalton, and joining with the left of Palmer's corps. Next in line was Wood's division, his right joining Stanely's left, and also extending along the summit of the ridge. Newton's division was massed in reserve in the valley at the foot of the ridge, in the rear of General Wood's left, and in such position as to re-enforce the First or Second Division or General Schofield at Doctor Lee's house. At 3.30 General Cruft reported rebel infantry column passing his front toward his right. At 4.45 two or three of our guns on the right opened on some rebel cavalry that were seen moving about in the valley between Tunnel Hill and Rocky Face Ridge. About 12 m. Generals Sherman and Thomas arrived on Tunnel Hill, and Major-General Howard reported to them. Nothing further of interest occurred during the day. There is no water on Tunnel Hill, but is quite convenient and in sufficient quantities at the base thereof on the side toward Ringgold. The road from Doctor Lee's to Ringgold is very good, but was full of felled timber, placed there by the enemy. The day has been very warm, and several men have been sunstruck. About 4 or 5 killed and wounded in the Fourth Corps during the day. The troops bivouac on Tunnel Hill and at General Newton's position to-night. Orders were received from Major-General Thomas at 9 p.m. Ordered to Fourth Corps to threaten Buzzard Roost Pass, to occupy, together with other forces, Tunnel Hill, and to get if possible a force on Rocky Face Ridge. The threats on Buzzard Roost not to lead to battle unless

