
a.m., stating that the enemy was falling back, and that he had taken two strong positions. His artillery was working well. He also sent report of a deserter, who stated that two rebel brigades, Pettus' and Brown's, eight regiments each, were on the line in front of Harker; that Loring's, Walker's, and Cheatham's divisions were on summit of ridge, extending from the signal station to the Buzzard Roost; rifle-pits run down the ridge into the valley. Sent this information to General Sherman. 9.15, General Howard went to General Wood's headquarters. 9.30 sent word to General Stanley of Harker's progress, and asked him whether he could push a column up the side of the ridge covered by skirmishers. At 10 he reported in person at headquarters, saying that it could not be done without great loss, perhaps not then. His skirmishers were a short distance from the top - 100 yards from the top, and they had arrived at a place where there were almost perpendicular cliffs. At 10.15 General Howard went to join Colonel Harker on ridge. At 10.20 ordered the artillery that had been firing since 8.40 at the enemy on summit of ridge in front of Harker to cease firing. At 11.10 a.m. received dispatch from General Newton stating that he was up against the rebel signal station, and could not make headway, as the rebel works were very strong. Sent copy of same to General Thomas. Skirmishing still continues in Harker's front and between Wood's and Stanley's skirmishers and the enemy. At 12.45 General Howard returned from General Newton. At same time General Stanley reported that his skirmish line had gone up on west side of the ridges as far as they could climb - up to the palisades. General Newton's entire division on the ridge; ascended at the north end of it. At 12.05 p.m. General Howard sent dispatch to General Thomas, stating that with the exception of at a few points it was impossible to ascend or descend Rocky Face; that Harker could not progress on account of the narrow pass and the obstructions in his front previously put there. 1 p.m., General Howard received a dispatch from Newton, stating that Schofield was advancing in the valley east of him, and had engaged the enemy's skirmishers, and that all signs were that the enemy was retreating. This was sent to General Thomas. At 1.05 p.m. notified division commanders that three days' forage and rations had been received for them at Tunnel Station. 1.15 p.m., General Howard went over to see General Sherman in reference to movements and orders, wishing to be ordered to join Schofield in case the enemy was retreating. At 2 p.m. received a dispatch from General Sherman, saying: "Press at all points and occupy the enemy, taking advantage of any success. General McPherson is through Snake Creek Gap." 2 p.m., Newton signaled that Schofield was advancing, but had not reached the enemy's works. 2.10 p.m., General howard returned from General Thomas' headquarters and reported that he (General Thomas) said that General Davis had been waiting for this command to support him before he moved on Buzzard Roost to reconnoiter, but no notifications of this fact had been given, or of the fact that these troops were needed for said purpose. General Thomas directed General Howard to reconnoiter and feel the enemy at the head of the valley at Buzzard Roost Gap., to develop what is there, and General Stanley's and General Wood's division were ordered out for this purpose. General Morgan's brigade, of General Davis' division, was to lead. Orders to advance were given at 2.30 p.m. At 3 p.m. General Howard and staff went forward

