
in advance to reconnoiter, select points for batteries, &amp;c. On the way to the front received note from General Stanley, who said that General Davis said that all he said about support from Stanley was early in the morning, and that he had more troops that he could use. On the way to the front the general and staff were fired at, in passing several different points, by rebel sharpshooters. An orderly badly wounded;none others hurt. Went out on the skirmish line in Buzzard Roost Gap. Remained out there the rest of the day. The lines did not get ready to advance until 6 p.m., when they marched out Buzzard Roost Pass, or the gorge, moving over a small ridge running perpendicular to Mill Creek, and coming then in plain view of the Rocky Face Ridge at the point where it dips down to the valley, and of the ridge lying opposite to Buzzard Roost, which was strongly fortified; very heavy skirmishing here. The line was formed, Morgan's brigade, of Davis' division, on the right, resting at about the foot and on the left at the bend of the gorge. On Morgan's left was Whitaker's brigade, of Stanley's division, the rest of said division and Wood's division held as support; a part of Morgan's brigade also held as support. This threat developed not only the force of the enemy and his guns, but the strength of his position. It would be impossible to drive the enemy out of his works by a direct attack. At 6.20 the enemy opened three guns from his works on the ridge in front of Buzzard Roost Gap; hard skirmishing until after dark. We advanced some, and gained position on part of that part of Rocky Face Ridge just at Buzzard Roost; also advanced some distance in front of the gorge from which the reconnaissance was made. 8.30 p.m., received orders from Major-General Thomas to hold corps where it now is for to-night,leaving one division in reserve at Tunnel Hill to hold all ground we have gained and strengthen our position. These instructions give to division commanders. In Stanley's and Wood's fronts the skirmishers advanced up the west side of Rocky Face Ridge as far as it was possible on account of the nature of the ground - large cliffs. General Newton tried to push the rebels; drove them fifty yards; could move no farther on account of the formation of the summit of the ridge. The losses of the day about 200 in Fourth Corps. From what was seen it is supposed that the enemy are in force in our front - that is, from what was developed by the reconnaissance this evening. But few troops and but little artillery were shown, but such were shown in such a manner as to lead to the belief that the enemy was hiding his strength. 10.45 p.m., orders were given to General Newton to move Sherman's brigade from its present position to the vicinity of the north end of Rocky Face at daylight to-morrow morning. Day very bright and warm. General Howard and staff spent the latter part of the day on the skirmish line; remained on the field all day.

May 10.- Breakfast at 5 a.m.; went to the front at 5.30 a.m.; but little skirmishing or picket-firing this a.m.; General Stanley compelled to bring in his lines in front a very little on account of the enemy's sharpshooters firing down the tress on Rocky Face Ridge into the rifle-pits he dug last night; his position strengthened again this a.m.; the head of the corps in Buzzard Roost Gap. 8.45 a.m., signaled Harker on the ridge, asking the news and the condition of the enemy in front of General Schofield. 9 a.m., this dispatch replied to by General Wagner, stating the enemy's works on the east of the ridge all have troops in them; artillery seen in

