
several places; think they are in strong force. 9.30 a.m., signaled Colonel Harker to give us the first intimation he had of the enemy's pushing General Schofield or attempting to turn his left. 9.45, began to rain; at this time opened artillery fire from one of Wood's batteries on the enemy on the summit of the ridge; rained until about 2 p.m. At 1 p.m. the enemy opened fire from two guns on the summit of Rocky Face Ridge,throwing shot and shell in Stanley's camp; no casualties reported resulting from their fire. 3.10, received instructions from department headquarters to prepare the corps for movement to-night, with three days' rations and as much more as we can carry; this order not to imply that the troops now in front are to be withdrawn until the order to move is given. Upon inquiry at department headquarters it was the intention that we should take all of our wagons with us also. The foregoing instructions were at once given to division commanders,and they commenced preparations in accordance therewith. 4 p.m., received dispatch from Harker stating that Schofield had fallen back to his old position undisturbed; all quiet in his front; the enemy appeared in our front in force to-day; none of his troops or guns appear to have been withdrawn. General Howard visited department headquarters at 8 p.m., and was told by General Thomas that it was the intention to keep the Fourth Corps in front to threaten the enemy and to resist if attacked while the rest of the army moved to a certain point. Lost but few men to-day. Rained very hard from 8.30 p.m. till midnight. Remained on the field all day.

May 11.- Breakfast at 5.30 a.m. Went to the front at 7 a.m. At 5.40 a.m. received a letter of instructions from Major-General Thomas, stating that it had been decided to leave the Fourth Corps, with Stoneman's and McCook's cavalry, to keep up the feint of a direct attack on Dalton through Buzzard Roost Gap, while the rest of the army moved through Snake Creek Gap to attack the enemy in force from that quarter. Stating, further, that we would strip light and send all spare wagons to Ringgold; to instruct the cavalry to watch well the passes at the north of Tunnel Hill and at Ray's [Dug] Gap, where Geary is, and where he will remain until relieved by McCook's cavalry; in case the enemy should attack us to fall back to Ringgold, and hold that place at all costs. The chief engineer of the railroad will keep a locomotive and constructions train to tear up the road so that the enemy may not follow in case we retire on Ringgold; the depot of supplies to be at Ringgold, but the cars to bring us daily rations and forage. Morning cool and cloudy. Visited the right at 9 a.m. At same hour sent dispatch to Major-General Thomas informing him of the condition of affairs in our front. Early in the morning the enemy in Wood's front, on that side of Rocky Face Ridge, opened musketry fire by volley on his camp. He moved his camp a little to the rear, under cover. Appears to be a force along the entire summit of Rocky Face, in front of Harker. 12.30, received a message from Rocky Face Ridge signal station, stating that a heavy column of infantry was moving through to Dalton, the enemy's advanced lines well massed, some horses harnessed, and one little camp being struck. 12.30, Major-Generals Sherman and Schofield called at headquarters of General H[oward], on Rocky Face Ridge. They stopped but a few minutes. At 1 p.m. received from Major-General Palmer, stating that he was to move in the morning, and, as his troops wished a night's rest, asked that they might be relieved at 8 p.m.

