
of 9th. But little picket-firing along the line during the day. The enemy did not open his artillery from the summit of Rocky Face to-day. Day cloudy and cool, with little rain occasionally. Spent the latter part of the day on the picket-line. About 40 men killed and wounded to-day in the corps.

May 12.- On the field at 8 a.m. General H[oward] went to Newton's headquarters. Saw General Stoneman, examined General Wagne'rs position,and returned to field headquarters. 10.30 a.m., received note from General Stoneman, stating that brisk skirmishing along his front up to Varnell's Station,and that a force of cavalry and footmen went up this a.m. from Dalton in direction of Cleveland. At once sent an officer to inquire when this force passed up. He reported at 9 a.m. All the rest of the troops gone or starting to Resaca or Snake Creek Gap, leaving the Fourth Corps here alone. 12 m., Colonel Sherman signaled from Rocky Face Ridge that the enemy was moving to our left in two columns: "Infantry and artillery, heavy force;has been passing for two hours." Replied to dispatch, "Watch carefully and report often." 12.15, General Newton says Colonel Sherman reports from Rocky Face Ridge that the enemy was passing to his left in masses, double-quick, and he asked for re-enforcements. 12.20, Colonel Sherman reports from Rocky Face Ridge only small force in enemy's works. Heavy masses of troops passing to our left, with large wagon train in rear of column; he can see skirmishing toward Varnell's Station. At same time General Wood was ordered to move up the two brigade on Tunnel Hill to the support of General Newton, and to leave his other brigade in its present position in the valley, and General Stanley was ordered to open up fire at Buzzard Roost, making a noise by way of diversion. 12.20 p.m.,sent to General Sherman (or McPherson) a report of movements of the enemy; also word to General Newton that Wood was to move at once to his support. 12.45 p.m., sent word to General Geary,on the march, of movements of the enemy, and asked him to delay his march southward. At same time sent word of enemy's movements to General Schofield. 1.10 p.m., sent word to General Hazen to put one regiment on the signal knoll near our field headquarters to make a show. 1.20, Remington, topographical engineer, signaled from Rocky Face Ridge that enemy's ambulances had stopped in rear of the enemy's column, which was still moving. 2.30, signal officer at signal hill on our right telegraphed that a line of rebel infantry was moving left toward Buzzard Roost Gap from John's Mountain. Sent this information to General Newton. At same hour Remington, topographical engineer, signaled from Rocky Face Ridge that heavy column of rebel cavalry advancing on our left on east side of Rocky Face Ridge. 3.10 p.m., sent word to General Geary that as soon as the enemy's intentions were discovered, if he did not intend to attack, would send him word to move on. 3.20 p.m., signaled to Colonel Sherman, asking according to his judgment, now many of the enemy had passed to our left. 3.30, Sherman replied, "I believe not more than one division. Rebels are advancing in line on Harker's and Wagener's positions." 3.40, Captain Pearson was sent to General Geary to tell him not to stop longer; he did not know he was so far away on the march,or he would not have stopped him; stated that it was only a raiding party passing around our left. 3.50, telegraphed to commanding officer at Ringgold to know what force he had; that small raiding party was

