
approaching R[inggold], and to hold gap there at all hazards. 3.50, Colonel Sherman signaled, "The enemy are withdrawing infantry and cavalry from our front; their wagons have been sent back." He thinks enemy had 10,000 infantry and 4,00 cavalry. At 4 p. m., signaled General Sherman that the movement of the enemy was a diversion, and that he (the enemy) would be taken care of; that he was already falling back. 4.15, General Newton sent word that he thought the rebels were going to Ringgold via Catoosa Springs or Alabama road, and that he would try to send Stoneman to push to Ringgold as fast as he could. 5.30, in accordance with instructions from General Stoneman, Colonel Butler, with Fifth Indiana Cavalry, reported to General Howard for instructions. He, together with two guns of Captain Bradley's battery, were ordered to move to Ringgold at once by the direct road, to assist in the defense of that place. 5.30, sent word to General Stoneman that Colonel Butler had been sent to Ringgold, and that the large columns of the enemy have returned to Dalton. 5.45, sent word to General Wood to retain his present position to-night. At same hour sent a dispatch by Lieutenant Freeman to General Sherman, stating the movements of the enemy during the day, and telling him that the raiding party that passed around our left at 9 a. m. may be moving toward Cleveland or Ringgold, and that had taken precautions to head them off, and that General Geary was stooped through mistake, as it was supposed, by information received, that he was just leaving camp for the march. 6.15, Colonel Sherman signaled that as the enemy, who advanced toward our left, returned to Dalton he counted twenty regiments. 6.45, received dispatch from Lieutenant-Colonel Milward, at Ringgold, stating that he had only 300 men, and that he had notified the commanding officer at Parker's Gap of the approach of the raiding party. Replied at once that a regiment of cavalry and section of artillery had been sent to his assistance. At 7 p. m. telegraphed to Colonel Butler to return in the morning from Ringgold, and to bring the section of artillery as soon as he could find his horses. At same time send word to General Stoneman that Colonel B[utler] had been ordered back. 7.10, received note from General Stoneman, dated 6 p. m., stating that after driving the enemy off from his front he was led to believe he (the enemy) was making for Ringgold; he therefore sent a portion of his command to Tunnel Gap to hold it, if possible, and to push for Ringgold, if the enemy went there; that part of his force at Varnell's Station also ordered to push for Ringgold, if the enemy went there. 9.30, General Stoneman reported all quiet on his left. 9.40, Colonel Sherman reports at 7 p. m. the enemy in force as usual in his front on Rocky Face Ridge. Day clear and warm; dusty.

May 13.- 2.30 a. m., received a dispatch from General Sherman at Villanow, saying, "Feel the enemy's lines to-night with infantry and cavalry, and, if possible, follow him if he is returning south;" also stating that he was at Villanow and would start for McPherson; asking to signal to him the appearances from all points in our possession. Villanow will be held by Garrard until he gets through. 3 a. m., signaled General Sherman that we felt the enemy at dark; found him in force, about 20,000. 3.30 a. m., sent written order to General McCook; also verbal order by Captain Kirlin to Generals Stanley, Stoneman, and Newton, to satisfy themselves at daylight whether the enemy was yet in their front, and to inform

