
the major-general commanding of the fact. 6.15 a. m., received report from General Stanley stating that the enemy had gone, and he possessed his works at 5 a. m. 6.30, received report from General Hazen that Rocky Face Ridge was evacuated. General Stoneman arrived at headquarters at 6. 6.30 a. m., sent Lieutenant gilbreth to Snake Creek Gap to inform Major-General Sherman of the evacuation of the enemy in our front. As soon as the news of the enemy's retreat was heard Generals Stoneman, Stanley, Newton, and Wood (Wood's division, all save Hazen's brigade) were ordered to push after the enemy at once. General H[oward] left headquarters at 7 a. m. for Dalton. At 1.30 this a. m. the enemy retreated, going to Resaca, where they intended to fight, so they say. General Howard reached Dalton at 9 a. m. At once signaled Major-General Sherman that we were in Dalton. Stanley [started] at this time and met the rear of the enemy's column, and had a slight skirmish. Doctor Heard sent back to order Hazen's brigade up to join Wood's division. 10.40 a. m., General Stanley ordered to push his division forward beyond Dalton toward enemy, and keep General H[oward] fully advised of his position and condition, and was informed that McCook's cavalry would protect his right flank. 10.50, received dispatch from Stanley, wishing to know which road to take beyond Dalton; replied at once he would push forward slowly until the cavalry would come up on the Sugar Valley road, watching his right. 11 a. m., General Newton arrived at Dalton; head of his column just coming into town. 11.20 a. m., General Wood arrived; head of his column just coming into town. 12 m., Generals Newton's and Wood's columns passed through town; at same time directed General Newton to leave a regiment to hold the town and protect the depot. 3.45 p. m., General Sherman signaled, "Press the retreat of the enemy with cavalry, supported by infantry, and open signal communication." The command moved from dalton toward Resaca, on the Sugar Valley road, Stanley leading,t hen Newton, then Wood. About four miles from Dalton the rear guard of the enemy opened fire with artillery and musketry on the head of our column. He was soon driven back. On this account column was delayed one hour. Marched four miles more, and was met by McCook's cavalry, which had been moving on road to our right; here halted. Stoneman's cavalry moved from Dalton on direct road to Resaca, so as to cover our left. At last halt, eight miles from Dalton, received intelligence that the enemy were in strong line of battle about one mile to our left. Put our forces in line, and sent out skirmishers to develop this fact. Also ordered Stoneman and McCook to feel the enemy. About dusk McCook came up with the enemy; skirmished until an hour after dark, and reported that the force was cavalry, supported by infantry; said to be Bate's division; went into camp for the night at the place we halted, as just mention. 7 p. m., Major-General Stoneman reported his position. He came up with the enemy, one brigade of infantry with artillery, and about 500 cavalry, in too strong position to attack. 8.15 p. m., sent General Sherman word of our position. 10 p. m., ordered division commanders to be ready to move at sunrise to-morrow. Sent word to General Stoneman, at 11 p. m., that McCook would cover our front and left as far as Tilton and Resaca road, leaving to him the Tilton and Resaca road and the country to the left of it. 11.15, General Stoneman reports the enemy's rear guard quite strong, of all arms, and that if a night march could be made to Tilton this

