
ing on left of Schofield, and Wood was instructed to move to night oblique and close up on him. 1.10, General Cox, of Twenty-third Corps, got into line. 1.15, Stanley joined on Wood and Wood on Newton. Lines now advanced and heavy skirmishing with the enemy commenced. The line of battle was formed in rolling country, with occasional cleared fields, but we had not advanced more than 300 yards when we came into a wilderness, through which it was almost impossible to pass. Added to the dense forest and undergrowth were steep, narrow ridges, running perpendicular to Resaca. It was almost impossible to move the troops in line through this country. Our advance was very slow, owing to the natural obstacles the country offered and the heavy fire of the enemy. General Schofield drove the enemy out of the first line of rifle-pits in his front. Colonel Harker's brigade, of Newton's division, occupied the first line of the enemy's rifle-pits in his front and he still holds them. General Hazen drove the enemy out of two lines of rifle-pits in his front and occupied them, still holding them, and General Stanley drove the enemy in his front. These rifle-pits were occupied by harker at - p. m. and Hazen at - p. m. Harker's brigade was relieved by part of Colonel Sherman's. Our lines now became so contracted that Newton could only operate part of one brigade at a time in front, the rest being in reserve, and Hazen's, Wood's, and Willich's brigades, Beatty's being in reserve, and Stanley's, Whitaker's, and Grose's, Cruft's being in reserve. Stanley's left, the left of our line and the extreme left of this army, now rested on the direct road from Dalton to Resaca. There was much danger of its being turned by the enemy, and a battery was placed in position, supported by part of Cruft's brigade, to repel a flank attack which might be made at this point. At about 5 p. m. General Stanley reported a heavy column of the enemy moving around to his left. Support was asked for, and General Thomas at once sent to this point General Williams' division, of Hooker's corps. This division arrived just in time to drive the enemy back, as he was already driving away the support to the battery. He was handsomely repulsed. This was about sundown. Afterward Hooker's corps was moved into position on our left, having been transferred from a position on the right of our army. Thus matters stood at dark. We had gained considerable advantage, and were now pressing the enemy on all sides. At 10 p. m. sent General Thomas a report of our situation and the result of the day's work. In accordance with instructions, breast-works were thrown up along our front, on the ridges we occupied at dark, before morning. Three hundred and fifty-two wounded; about 50 killed. The day was clear and warm.

May 15.- 5 a. m., received orders from Major-General Thomas, dated 1.30 a. m., stating that this corps and Hooker's would attack the enemy "in the morning directly down upon Resaca;" Schofield, when he became crowded out of his present position in line, to move around to his proper position on the extreme left (this was done before the attack of the a. m. commenced), and General Palmer's corps would remain in a defensive position, holding his strong position on the right (General McPherson to operate on the extreme right against the enemy's communications). As soon as this order was received it was sent to division commanders, with instructions to examine the enemy's most vulnerable points in their fronts with a view to attack, and informing them that this corps would conform its movements with General Hooker's. At 7 a. m. went to General

