
Hooker's headquarters. Generals Howard and Hooker had consultation about the attack. At 9.40 a. m. sent word to General Stanley that General Hooker would make an attack on the right of the Dalton and Resaca road, and instructed him as Hooker advanced to reserve one brigade and to follow up the movement with the other two brigades of his division. At same time sent word to Wood of the order of attack, &amp;c., and instructed him to select vulnerable points in the enemy's lines of works in his front, and, as soon as he saw him wavering from General Hooker's attack, to seize the points by column, and to follow up any advantage he might gain. At same time sent word to General newton of the order of attack, &c., and that he was to make a demonstration in his front at the time of the advance of General Hooker, to hold the enemy in his front, and that he would follow up any movement of General Wood. The enemy held a very strong position in our front, ravines and open fields between us, and he is posted on a strong series of ridges, with well-constructed breast-works and artillery, with direct and enfilading fires. General Hooker's advance did not commence until after 12 m. During the mean time fire of sharpshooters, skirmishers, and of artillery was kept up all along our line. 1 p. m., sent word to Major-General Hooker, by Colonel Assmussen, his assistant inspector-general, and also by Captain Stevens, of General Stanley's staff, to general, and also by Captain Stevens, of General Stanley's staff, to call on this corps for re-enforcements whenever he wished them. 1.10 p. m., sent word by a staff officer to division commanders that Hooker was ascending the hill he was to storm on our left, and that they must now push ahead and press the enemy. 2.20, Colonel Asmussen reported that General Hooker had secured a lodgment on the ridge, and that he wished the Fourth Corps to make a demonstration and he would advance along it. A demonstration was made along our entire line. Generals Hazen and Willich, of Wood's division, stormed the enemy's works in their front, but the force of the enemy was so strong, and the direct and enfilading fire of artillery prevented them from holding the enemy's lines which took . The demonstration had the effect to hold the enemy in our front, and to prevent him from massing in front of General Hooker. At this time General Whitaker's brigade, of Stanley's division, was in the rear of Hooker, waiting orders to advance, while Schofield's command was acting as an immediate support. 2.50 p. m., General Hooker sent word that he did not wish us to do anything more than to open artillery on the enemy. At same time sent word to General Hooker, by Lieutenant Gilbreth, that it would be done, and offered to afford any assistance General H[ooker] might call for. 4.40 p. m., in accordance with orders received from General Thomas, Generals Stanley, Newton, and Wood were ordered to press their skirmishers. This was done, and fire continued along our line until dark. There was scarcely any cessation of fire along our whole line, in fact, from daylight until dark. General Hooker secured a good lodgment on the ridge opposite our left, but was unable to pursue, on account of heavy works and masses of the enemy's troops. The enemy's sharpshooters' fire very accurate and severe, and many men were killed and wounded along our lines by them. We kept up a fire of artillery all night and also of skirmishers. About 11 p. m. General Newton's skirmishers pressed up to the enemy's works to find out whether the forces in our front were retreating. Found them there in force, and they fell back under a very heavy fire. The enemy also charged our lines in Newton's front during the night and were

