
repulsed. Our losses during the day about ---. Day clear and warm.

May 16.- 5.15 and 5.20, reports came from division commanders, stating that the enemy had abandoned their works on their fronts, and that our men were entering them. 6 a. m., sent orders to division commanders to move forward to the town of Resaca at once. 7.30 a. m., established corps headquarters in Resaca. Our troops commenced to arrive in Resaca at 8 a. m. 9 a. m., received orders from Major-General Thomas, saying that we would pursue the enemy beyond Etowah River, and that we would move "substantially" along the railroad to Kingston, together with the rest of General Thomas' command. At same time orders were sent to General Stanley to leave one regiment behind as guard at Resaca, and to bring down the tow regiments he left at Ooltewah to relieve the one so left behind. Also, at same time, instructed General Wood to bring up the three regiments he left behind, the one at Parker's Gap, the two at Cleveland, and at this time sent orders by Captain Kaldenbaugh to the division commanders to pass over the river at R[esaca], moving to the left of General McPherson's troops. The enemy had burned the railroad bridge and some of the mains stringers of the wagon bridge. We had to repair the latter, so that the command could not commence to cross until about 11 a. m. 11 a. m., ordered wagons of corps to park at Resaca until ordered up, and ammunition wagons to be filed upon the arrival of the railroad train from Dalton. 2 p. m., ordered five ammunition wagons for Wood, five for Stanley, and four for Newton, to accompany the troops. The crossing of the Ooostenaula slow on account of bad condition of bridge. General Newton had the advance, then Wood, then Stanley. About one-half mile from resaca heavy skirmishing with the enemy commenced, and our progress was therefore much impeded. We moved on the direct road from Resaca to Calhoun. Reached a point two miles from R[esaca] at 4.25 p. m., when we met a deserter, who informed us that the enemy was drawn up in line of battle, three brigades of infantry, one mile and a half from our left front. Instructed division commanders to watch well their left flank, to move part of their force as flankers along the railroad, and to move all of their artillery on the dirt road. Deserter further reported that the enemy evacuated their works in our front at from midnight to daylight; that Polk's corps moved on the road upon which we are marching, Hardee's on the road to our right, and Hood's on the road to our left. 4.30, heard heavy firing off to our right, and in advance on our left, in the direction of McPherson's troops. 6.45 p. m., arrived at point within one-half mile of Calhoun. After heavy skirmish here, driving off regiment of infantry and rear guard of cavalry, went into camp to bivouac for the night. Newton lost 2 men killed and 5 or 6 wounded in skirmishing. The day was bright and warm; roads very dusty. Not much water on the road of to-day's march. Country rolling, covered with dense woods and undergrowth; occasional clearing; many ridges, but not high; very good road. 7 p. m., sent dispatch to Major-General Thomas, informing him of our arrival at this point, &amp;c. 10 p. m., Colonel Hayes ordered to send up all of our loaded wagons from Resaca to-morrow a. m., to follow the command; to start if possible before Palmer's corps; if not, immediately afterward, but not to interfere with the movements of said corps. Losses up to date, from time of leaving Catoosa Springs, killed, 189; wounded, 1,078.

