
May 17.- Received no instructions in reference to to-day's march. Therefore started on the direct road to Kingston at 5.30 a. m., General Newton's division leading, then Wood's, then Stanley's. Wood's division moved on the railroad. 6.20, orderly returned from Resaca; said he could not find Colonel Hayes. At once sent staff officer to deliver to him the same instructions in reference to trains as contained in last night's note. Commenced to skirmish with the enemy as soon as we reached Calhoun. 7.30 a. m., the enemy opened fire upon our advance from two pieces of artillery. 7.30, sent word to General Wood to send two regiments to our left as far as advisable, as flankers, which was done. 7.45, sent a staff officer over to the Rome road to open communication with General McPherson. At 8.20 he returned, and reported that General McP[herson] was moving down said road about two miles to our right. Owing to continued skirmishing with the enemy and occasional artillery firing, our advance was very slow. From 5.30 a. m. to 4 p. m. we only marched about eight miles, arriving at that time two and a half miles from Adairsville, with Newton's division moving on the direct road. At about the same time the head of General Woods' column arrived three-fourths of a mile from Newton, on our right, on the railroad. Here and at this time the enemy stubbornly resisted our advance, having now opposed to us infantry, cavalry, and artillery. 4.20, General Wood reported that citizens from Adairsville had just informed him that there was a large force of the enemy's infantry in Adairsville. Commenced, after heavy skirmishing, to form a line of battle to drive the enemy from our front or to repulse any attack that he might make. His line was formed running across and at right angles to the road leading to the town. On the right of the dirt road, running parallel to it and ending very nearly on the line of battle, was a low wooded ridge. On this rested the right of Newton's formation, which was a column by regiments, prepared for an assault. On the left of the road, extending through a wheat field and to the woods, rested his left, in two lines of battle. 4.30, word was sent to General Wood to move upon the enemy at once from the position he occupied. This he could not do until he bridged a creek in his front, which could not be done before dark. At same time General Stanley was ordered up to cover Newton's left flank, as the enemy was moving around it. during all of this time we had heavy skirmishing, and the enemy firing artillery on Newton. 5.30, Stanley got into position, two brigades on the left of Newton, extending into the woods and holding a small hill therein, and the other brigade massed in the rear of Newton's left. 6 p. m., assault was ordered to be made by General Newton, and was just about to be made, when Major-General Thomas, who had come up with Major-General Sherman, stopped the movement, saying that it was too late in the evening to make it. The enemy kept up a steady fire along our line until dark, when it ceased. 7 p. m., General Wood reported his bridge finished, and, if General H[oward] would advise it, he would cross some troops over and assault the enemy, who, he said, was intrenched and was at Adairsville in force. General H[oward] replied, telling him to cross over and throw out strong line of skirmishers to feel the enemy's position, but he would not a night attack. Wood's left was now not far from Newton's right. The road we marched on was very good. The country along the road was rolling, and covered with dense woods and undergrowth, with occasional cultivated fields. It was admirably

