
suited for the movements of the enemy's rear guard, be being able to make a stand, as he did, every few hundred yards. During the day we lost about 25 killed and 170 wounded. The first part of the day very warm; heavy storm from 2 p. m. to 4 p. m. The next day we found out that the greater part of Johnston's army had been in our front and that the enemy had well-constructed rifle-pits.

May 18.- 5.30, General Newton reports that the enemy have left their rifle-pits and positions in his front. Instructions were at once given to division commanders to march, following the enemy, and to press him closely; General Wood leading, then Newton following, then Stanley. We marched at 6 a. m. 8.40, Colonel Hayes,who was with the column in advance, was ordered back to Resaca to bring up all of our trains, and was instructed to take any regiment of this corps at R[esaca], or that might arrive there in time, or on the way here from there, as a guard. 8.45, ordered by General Sherman to halt our column on the other side of town until McPherson could come up, and to form with strong head of column, so that if Johnston offered battle we would be prepared for him. 8.50, ordered General Wood, when he moved forward, to take the road that hugs the railroad. 9.45, division commanders ordered to instruct their ordnance officers to send to Resaca for all needed ammunition. 11.15 a. m., division commanders ordered to draw out their commands and to start on the march at 1 p. m. 12 m., instructions given division commanders in reference to trains as follows: Each five ammunition wagons to follow divisions; after the corps, thirty wagons; then the rest of the train to follow the Fourteenth Corps, which follows this corps on the march. The order of march was, Wood to send two brigades on the dirt road and one on the railroad running parallel, while Newton was to send one on dirt road and two on railroad; Stanley to follow Newton. Were ordered by General Sherman to camp six miles from Adairsville. Reached the point designated at 6 p. m., on Connasene Creek; camped. No immediate front. Very little skirmishing. Roads fine; country rolling generally; many well-cultivated fields. Deserters report this evening that the enemy has retreated beyond Kingston.

May 19.- Head of column moved forward at 5 a. m., marching on the direct road to Kingston, Major-General Stanley's division leading, Wood's following, then Newton's. Very little skirmishing on the road as far as Kingston. 8 a. m., one-half of a mile beyond the town met a force of the enemy posted on a ridge running at right angles with the road; appeared to be cavalry and infantry. Citizens report Cheatham's division to be there. They opened six guns upon us and a brisk skirmish fire. Stanley's division went into line of battle. 8.30, advance of the line was ordered, and at same time Wood was ordered up as a support. The line was advanced and the enemy retired. 9 a. m., was ordered by General Sherman to advance down the road leading to Etowah, four miles to a point near an old mill, where the road and railroad crosses, then to go into camp. 12 m., arrived at a point within one-half mile of said mill, where we met the enemy drawn up in line of battle. At least one division could be seen, with breast-works of rails. At once commenced to form in line of battle on some ridges that run at right angles to the road. In our front, extending about one mile from the base of the ridge, were broad, open fields; on the other side of these were the enemy's lines. One-fourth of a mile from the road, on our left, the

