
ridge runs down to the railroad and a creek that runs perpendicular to it. On this creek our left rested. On the right of the road the ridge extended a little in front of our left, and then swept off to our right, and, in a short distance, turned to our rear. Stanley's division was on the left; then Wood's. Newton's division followed the railroad, and went into position on our left. 12.45, an aide-de-camp reported from Major-General Thomas (who had been informed of our situation) that Palmer's corps was coming up, and he would take care of our right. 1.10 p. m., General Newton was directed to relieve General Wood's brigade on his extreme left, and to supply its place by a brigade from his own division. 1.30, opened artillery on the enemy. 2 p. m., advanced a strong reserve line for the support of the skirmish line. The enemy at once commenced retreat, and at same hour (2 p. m.) Stanley and Wood were ordered to advance. They had not proceeded more than one-fourth of a mile when Major-General Thomas ordered them to halt until Newton could mass on our left, on the opposite side of the creek, and drive out the forces that could be seen in the woods that appeared to be turning our left flank. 2.45, orders were given to Newton for said movement, and in was consummated. 3.50, advance commenced. The enemy was driven by us. We again took up the march in column, and again met the enemy one mile beyond his first position at 5.30 p. m. Halted and formed line of battle. 5.40 p. m., General Sherman ordered General H[oward] to put thirty or forty pieces of artillery in position; form two or three brigades in line of battle; then to shell the woods in our front vigorously; afterward fell the enemy. 4.50, artillery fire commenced. 6.30, firing ordered to cease and skirmishers ordered forward, followed by main lines, Wood on right and connecting with Baird's division, Fourteenth Corps; Stanley on Wood's left, and Newton yet on the left, connecting with Stanley; Newton connecting with General Geary's division, of Hooker's corps, having formed such connection at about 5.30 p. m. The line advanced, trying to move to Cassville. Skirmishing very heavy and progress quite slow. 7 p. m., a halt was ordered by Major-General Thomas, and he instructed General H[oward] to adjust his lines and remain in present position for the night. Were then within one mile of Cassville. Passed through fine rolling country to-day. Many cultivated fields. Heavy timber and undergrowth skirted the road the greater part of the way. Day warm and clear, and roads dusty. eight or 10 me killed and 35 wounded to-day. The whole of Johnston's force was before us at Cassville. Hooker advanced down a road that came in on our left, and was to connect with us there. The enemy thought to strike him before we got up. The enemy had strong rifle-pits and works, and Johnston had published an order to his troops saying that he would make his fight there; this the night before we arrived.

May 20.- 6 a. m., Captain Kellogg, aide-de-camp, brought instructions from Major-General Thomas to have this corps rest in its present position to-day, and to supply ourselves with ten days' rations (three in haversacks and seven in wagons) from to-morrow. Orders were at once given to division commanders to readjust their lines, if necessary, and to place their artillery in position, then to rest their troops; also to send back their empty wagons to Kingston to reload, and to park the rest of their trains, and to see that the troops have three days' rations in their haversacks, commencing to-morrow. Orders were also given to Lieutenant-

