
Colonel Remick, commissary of subsistence, and Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, quartermaster, to have the trains loaded with seven days' forage and rations from to-morrow morning. 3 p. m., received Special Field Orders, Numbers 9, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, May 20, 1864, stating that General Thomas will group his army (of which this corps is a part) around Cassville; Major-General Schofield, his army at or near Pettit's Creek, or along Nancy's Creek, and Major-General McPherson, his at Kingston and the fords and bridges across the Etowah in that vicinity; also stating that the sick and wounded and the worthless men and idlers be sent to the rear; that army commanders will make provision to subsist their troops independent of the railroad for twenty days; that the whole army must be ready to march by May 23; stripped for battle, but equipped and provided for twenty days; at the same time the wagon trains must be diminished rather than increased, as we can safely rely on much meat, forage, and vegetables in the country to which we propose to go; further stating that the rations for troops will be one pound of bread, flour, or meal, beef on the hoof, two days' allowance of bacon per week, and sugar, coffee, and salt; four pounds of grain will be allowed each animal per day, and no more; all else must be gathered in the country. In accordance with this order instructions were at once given to division commanders and to the chief quartermaster and commissary of subsistence of this corps. The troops remained in camp to-day resting; all quiet; the day very warm.

May 21.- Remained in camp all day; the soldiers resting and being equipped for a long march. A telegram sent to General Sherman from the Secretary of War, congratulating his army for its success thus far, was read to the troops. Orders were issued to division commanders to send all of their surplus baggage as soon as practicable to the Cassville Depot, for the purpose of having the same sent to the rear. They were also ordered to organize foraging parties for each brigade for the purpose of collecting supplies from the country, the parties to be under the control of brigade commissaries of subsistence and quartermasters, and that they must take stringent measures to prevent theft and pillaging. There are 600 wagons in the corps; 1 wagon allowed corps, division, and brigade headquarters; 150 wagons for ammunition, 3 hospital wagons to a brigade, 6 wagons to accompany the ambulance train, 6 wagons for intrenching tools; the rest of the wagons to have forage and commissary stores for twenty days. Telegrams were sent to Chattanooga for 5,000 shoes to supply the deficiency of the command. 10 p. m., shoes and commissary stores not yet arrived from Chattanooga. Day very warm, dry, and dusty.

May 22.- Remained in camp all day receiving and loading supplies in our wagons and getting ready for the march. All sick and wounded and worthless men being sent to the rear. 4 p. m., received orders from Major-General Thomas to march at 8 a. m. to-morrow, following the Twentieth Army Corps, moving on the road from Cassville to Gillem's Bridge, to cross the Etowah River at that place, and to encamp at night on the Euharlee Creek above the Twentieth Corps. 5 p. m., orders were sent, in accordance with the above-mentioned order, for division commanders to march to-morrow, but upon verbal instructions from Major-General Thomas not to move until 12 m.; General Wood's division to lead, to be followed by Major-General Stanley, both following the Twentieth

