
Army Corps, and General Newton's division moving to Gillem's Bridge via Saltpeter Cave; the ambulance train to follow each division, with one medicine wagon each, and the rest of the train to follow General Newton's division, he (General Newton) to place one strong regiment in rear of the train as a guard. 9 p. m., commissary stores not all arrived yet; train only partially loaded. Day very warm, hot, and dusty.

May 23.- Started at 12 m., Wood leading, then Stanley, then Newton, in the order indicated. Crossed the Etowah at Gillem's Bridge. Head of column arrived at Eugharlee Creek at 7 p. m., and, the rest of the command following, went into camp at about 11 p. m. two miles beyond. 11.30 p. m., received a note from Colonel Remick stating that all of the train that had been loaded had started for Kingston to join the command, and that the sugar had not yet arrived, and that as soon as it did the rest of the train would load and start. Roads good. Day hot. Road very dusty.

May 24.- Orders of march to-day are: Start at 6 a. m.; cross the Euharlee Creek at Barrett's Mill; thence to Stilesborough, and follow the Twentieth Corps and encamp on the road to Dallas, connecting with the right of the Twentieth Corps. 6 a. m., commenced the march; Wood's division leading, then Newton's, then Stanley's. One of General Newton's regiment acting as train guard relieved, and Stanley ordered to substitute one for it. 8.15, arrived at Stilesborough, and halted for General Williams' division, Twentieth Corps, to move forward out of the way; halted and massed Third and Second Divisions. 9.45 a. m., General Williams' division and ammunition train passed, and column commenced to draw out and march forward. Received instructions from Major-General Thomas to move as much as possible through the woods alongside of road, so as not to interfere with trains. 5.30 p. m., head of column arrived at a point within one mile from Huntsville, or Burnt Hickory; went into camp, Wood's and Newton's divisions on right of road and Stanley's division on left of road; rear of column got into camp at about 9 p. m.; the wagon train all crossed Euharlee Creek, and, with its head at Raccoon Creek and extending back to Stilesborough, remained for the night; it was impossible to cross Raccoon Creek with it. 11 p. m., sent word by Captain Scheninger to Colonel Mackay, chief quartermaster Fourteenth Corps, that his train must not pass ours, and to Stanley, that if said train does get in ahead of ours to guard it with a brigade. 12 p. m., received orders from Major-General Thomas to march the corps at 9 a. m. to-morrow for Dallas, following General Geary's and Williams' divisions, or on a road to the right, which may be pointed out in the morning; orders were sent at once to division commanders to march the next a. m. - Newton at 9 o'clock, Stanley at 9.30, and Wood at 10. Roads very dusty. Day pleasant. The country for the first three miles of our march to-day was very open and well cultivated, then we reached the hills, quite rough and covered with pine woods.

May 25.- Troops moved as indicated in the order of march for the day. Took the road to the right and parallel to the Burnt Hickory and Dallas road. 8 a. m., sent orders to Colonel Hayes, at Raccoon Creek, in the rear, to move his train over to the road on which we were marching, and Lieutenant-Colonel Howard was sent to find a way and conduct it over to said road. When the head of our column reached said road, at about 10 a. m., met the head of our train

