
just arriving on the same. Let the baggage wagons proceed, and then the corps moved, leaving the rest of the train to follows. Major-General Thomas' headquarters train also crossed over to said road and moved in front of our baggage train, which preceded our troops. 1.30 p. m., halted at Hardin's house, said to be from six to seven miles from Dallas; head of column one-half of mile in our rear. 1.50 p. m., Lieutenant-Colonel Mendenhall, of Major-General Thomas' staff, reported, and said that General T[homas] was now within two miles of Dallas, and that he wished us to join him (he was with part of Hooker's corps) at that place at 2.30 p. m., stating that the enemy was in his front. 2 p. m., Captain Schoeninger, we went forward with that part of the train in advance, returned and reported that eleven rebel cavalrymen had fired on General Thomas' headquarters train. General Newton was at once ordered to send forward a regiment to guard that part of our train ahead of us. Instructions were at this time sent to General Wood to guard the wagon train following us and to watch on the right flank. As soon as Colonel Mendenhall reported, orders were sent to division commanders, instructing them to close up their columns and hurry forward. After proceeding a few hundred yards from Harding's house, we crossed over on a country road to the direct road leading from Burnt Hickory to Dallas, for the purpose of joining General Thomas. 2.20 p. m., Captain Stone, of Major-General Thomas' staff, met us three miles from General Thomas' headquarters, and said that the general wished us to hurry along; sent back word that we were pushing forward as fast as possible. 4.15, General Howard reported to Major-General Thomas, in front on the skirmish line. Head of column one mile back. 4.20, sent an officer to conduct that part of the wagon train which went off to the right, on the road via Lee's and Holland's house to Dallas, back, and to bring it up to us; danger of being captured in the position in which it was. 5 p. m., Major-General Hooker's troops, in the extreme front, nearly ready to advance in line of battle. 5.10 p. m., ordered General Newton, whose column had arrived, to go into position in the rear of General Hooker on the right of the road. He threw lines of battalions one-half distance, so as to be prepared to move to the front or right. 5.30, ordered Stanley in position, same formation as Newton, in newton's rear, on right of road, and to be prepared to front either way; and at same time ordered Wood into position, same formation as Newton, on the left of the road near Turkey Creek. General Stanley was also ordered to keep closed up to General Newton, and to move forward when he moved. 5.30, General Hooker advanced. 6.20, General Hooker sent word to General Howard to close up his brigades in mass on his (Hooker's) right. He had met the enemy, had been fighting him, and although he held his ground he was hard pressed. He had driven the enemy behind his breast-works. 60.30, General Newton ordered to advance in line of battle. Had gone but a short distance when he found he could proceed in line no farther, owing to the formation of the ground, and he was ordered to move into the road by the left flank and advance in column until he came near to General Hooker, and then deploying line of battle. The same orders were sent to General Stanley, but as he could not at first be found, it was after 7 p. m. when he commenced to move. Orders were also sent to General Wood to draw out in the road, advance to within supporting distance, and to go into line of battle on the left of the road. The troops moved slowly on account of the

