
crowded condition of the road, full of stragglers and wounded men retiring to the rear; but one road, very narrow, and dense woods on either side. 7.30, commenced to rain very hard and continued until about 10 p. m. General Newton got into position at about 8.30 p. m., and General Stanley 9.30 p. m. General Wood, who was moving along the road, was, at 9.40, ordered to halt and bivouac along side of the road, on the left, for the night. No part of the corps became engaged to-day. 11 p. m., our train reported in park, on Raccoon Creek, about seven miles back. At this hour thirty ammunition wagons were ordered up, to come up at once. Very pleasant day for marching; warm, but no dust. Hard to find safe roads through the country; full of heavy woods, cross-roads, &amp;c., and could procure no suitable guides. All intelligent persons had left the country, or had been driven out by the enemy. Roads good, but narrow.

May 26.- Took breakfast at 3.30 a. m., and went to the extreme front. 5 a. m., received instructions from Major-General Sherman to place the troops of this corps in the front on the left of the road and connecting with General Hooker on the right. Placed them in position, Newton on the right and his right resting on the road, his First Brigade in two lines and his Second and Third Brigades in three lines; General Wood on Newton's left, with one brigade in reserve, until General Schofield's corps comes up (which will be on our extreme left), and Stanley's division massed in reserve in rear of Newton. 8 a. m., Newton ordered to move forward until he connects with General Geary's left, General Wood to swing around, advancing, and to keep connection with Newton, while Stanley to advance and take position vacated by Generals Newton and Wood. Newton and Wood ordered to push out their skirmishers well. 11.15, General Wood was ordered to swing around his left and thus give a direct line of the troops of this corps running east and west. The direct line of the troops of this corps running east and west. The left of Woods' skirmish line was here advanced about one mile, and the rebel skirmishers were driven before them. From our extreme left we now have a view of the Dallas and Marietta road and open fields, interspersed with small growth of timber. Found a valley below the ridge on which we are stationed. 11.30, instructions were sent to General Newton to swing around his skirmish line, advancing it, and keeping up connection with General Wood's. 11.30, received note from Colonel Remick, stating that he could not get up our small supply train, with four days' rations, on account of parts of Hooker's and Palmer's trains blocking the road. A request was at once sent to General Palmer to allow it to pass his train also. 1.40, General Wood crossed Brown's Mill creek with his main line, in front of our left, through the open fields, and getting at right angles to and in sight of the right of the enemy's line. Bridged the creek and took over a battery of artillery, which fired on the enemy's works for several hours, and was responded to by a battery of the enemy in front and on our left. 2 p. m., Colonel Harker directed to place two of his regiments on the front line of his left, relieving two of Colonel Gibson's. 5 p. m., all of the artillery of the corps, which is on the other side of Turkey Creek, sent for, and ordered to join the divisions to which they are attached. 5.20, received instructions from Major-General Sherman to put all of our artillery in position this evening, to be opened to-morrow. 8 p. m., division commanders were ordered to furnish each man with sixty rounds of ammunition

