
during the night, and were instructed that the three days' rations issued this evening must last four days. Quite heavy skirmishing along our whole line during the day. In front of the position gained by General Wood, when he swung his division to the right this afternoon, for one mile and a half and extending to the line of the enemy's works, were open fields, while from his left, and extending directly in front and to the left of the open, were woods again. Late in the day General Schofield's command (General Cox in temporary command) joined our command on the left, but it did not extend in a line in the same direction as General Wood's division, his whole line being refused, being almost at right angles. Very pleasant day for operations. Cloudy most of the morning; the rest of the day clear and not very warm. The Army of the Tennessee for the most part has been operating in the woods.

May 27.- 2.30 a. m., received orders from Major-General Sherman, through General Thomas, to open all of our artillery that could be got in position early in the morning; to keep up a persistent fire until 9 a. m., and then cease firing, unless there was something that would warrant firing at; at 10 a. m. for this corps to swing around to the right, advancing our left tot he south and east of the cleared valley in front of our left, and gain possession of the commanding promontory which commands the Marietta road; at the same hour an assault to be made by the whole army. 4.30 a. m., gave orders to division commanders that General Newton from in two lines, his right resting on the road, and extending as far as he could to the left, to the creek if possible, relieving General Stanley's troops; that General Stanley relieve General Wood on his line; that General Wood, as soon as relieved by General Stanley, form a column of attack with four-regiment front, and attack at 10 a. m., moving through the woods to the left of his front. this order was reported to General Thomas, and he reported it satisfactory. An officer was sent to General thomas at this hour to ask when the firing of our artillery should commence, and he replied, at once. The artillery firing commenced along our line at 5.30 a. m., the enemy opened artillery on his right, enfilading our batteries. It was discovered that to advance on the enemy at the point mentioned, with Wood's division, would expose the troops to a murderous direct and cross fire of artillery from different points as they passed over open ground, and therefore it was decided to form in mass for the assault on the extreme left of Schofield's (Cox's) line, thus avoiding entering a cul-de-sac, and turning the enemy's right flank. At 8.20 the troops commenced to move and take position, preparatory to advancing at 10 a. m. This was told to Major-General Thomas, and he approved of it, and said that Johnson's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, would come up to our support. A brigade of Cox's command was also to form on the left of our troops, to keep the left flank from being turned. 8.40, sent word to General Stanley to watch the enemy's works in his front, and when General Wood arrived opposite to help him to secure the position he may gain. 9.05, instructions sent to General Newton to make a strong demonstration at 10 a. m. exactly, and General Stanley also to make a strong demonstration at the same hour, skirmishing strongly on both sides of Raper's Creek. Wood commenced to move at 10.55 a. m., General Howard and staff accompanying him. Division was formed in column of six lines. 11.15, sent word to Schofield stating that we had move and that our first line had advanced half a mile, and

