
to be ready to assist us in holding any position or advantage that we might gain, Johnson's division, Fourteenth Corps, following us and covering our right with skirmishers. 11.15, also sent word by Captain Stinson that we were advancing, and had gone half a mile without meeting the enemy. 12 m., Major-General Stoneman reported that some of the enemy was in rear of our left, supposed to be cavalry. General Wood was informed of this fact. He is half a mile from us. 12 m., halted to reform Wood's line to swing his left around so that the line might move almost due south. Sent word to General McLean, commanding brigade of Schofield's corps, on our right, to keep up connection with us. 12.30, Wood moving forward. 12.40, saw General Johnson, and instructed him to move up, working to our left; that Wood had swung around, and to keep up connection with him. 1 p. m., have advanced about one mile and a half, and country rolling and covered with timber and undergrowth; can see nothing fifty yards in front. 1.30, General Wood has been moving to the left by flank to get around the enemy's line, and General McLean reports that he was disconnecting with him. Orders were sent to McLean to keep up connection and to Wood to move not so far to the left. 1.45, first line of Wood's division came in sight of the rebel works over an open field; halted in the edge of the woods to make preparations to move again to our left for the purpose of getting around the enemy's works. General Howard at this time went to see General Johnson to inform him of the situation and to tell him how to go into position on our left. 2.10, Wood commenced to move again. 3 p. m., sent request for General Schofield to swing his line around to the right so that his line would face east and west and connect with our right and close up the gap between us. Captain Stinson wounded. 3.35 p. m., sent note to General Thomas stating where we now are and telling of the difficulty of moving over the ground, and stating that it was supposed that we were getting around the enemy's right flank. 3.45, General McLean reported that he was following General Johnson, according to orders from Major-General Howard, delivered by Colonel Howard, and that he was in advance of his corps (Twenty-third), leaving a gap of about three-quarters of a mile. 4 p. m., colonel Morgan returned from Major-General Thomas, stating that General Thomas says that Major-General Sherman wishes us to get on the enemy's right flank and rear as soon as possible. 3.50, a staff officer from General McCook stated that McCook's cavalry was on our left, and that he was trying to connect with our left. 4 p. m., General Wood has halted and is now forming on the ridge for the attack on the enemy's right flank; told him not to attack the enemy if they had works. 4.55, the advance sounded. 5 p. m., skirmishing commences; Hazen's brigade in front. Officers (Colonels Howard and Morgan) were sent to Johnson, requesting him to order up his lines to the assistance of Hazen. 5.15 p. m., again sent word to General Johnson to press up a brigade to Hazen's left; he answered that he was sending one up, and that it would soon be abreast with H[azen]; in force and covered by breast-works, which extended to our left father than we could see - beyond the reach of General Johnson's troops also. General Wood found it necessary to support his skirmish line with his main lines of troops. 6 p. m., received a dispatch from Major-General Thomas, dated 5.15 p. m., stating that General Howard must connect his right with General Schofield's left, and to take up a strong

55 R R - VOL XXXVIII, PT I

