
After General Hazen's skirmishers became engaged so closely to the enemy's works it was necessary to support them with main lines and drive the enemy into their works, and, if possible, out of them. Without demonstrating on their works we could not have told whether they were held in very strong force. The position we secured to-day will enable General Sherman to pass troops around our left for the purpose of turning the enemy's right flank.

May 28.- Day opened with skirmishing and artillery firing by both armies. No orders for attack given. The general and staff visited Wood's lines at 6.30 a. m., and Wood was then instructed to reform his lines, his right too much refused, and to send out his skirmishers to his right, endeavoring to connect with Schofield. 11 a. m., orders received to make a general move of troops to the left, but at 12 m. they were verbally countermanded by Major-General Thomas. 12 m., a staff officer from General Ed. McCook, whose cavalry on General Johnson's left, reported that a brigade of the enemy's cavalry had pushed around McCook's left, and just coming into our rear. There being indications that the enemy was intending to turn our left, General Stanley was directed to send a brigade of his division, to be posted as a reserve on the Acworth road, between Brown's and Pickett's mills, as soon as possible. 12.15, a report comes to corps headquarters that the enemy is ending a large force of infantry (about one division) toward our right, supposed to be a blind to cover a movement to our left. 4 p. m., the enemy made an attack on McPherson, on our extreme right. McPherson repulsed him. 4.30, the enemy felt our lines in front of Stanley and Newton with strong skirmish lines, and found it not wise to attack us. His skirmishers were repulsed. The enemy's lines now extend from the vicinity of Dallas to vicinity of Acworth, on the railroad. 7 p. m., General Wood reported that he made a connection with General Schofield at 3 p. m. Skirmishing all along our front to-day. Day bright and warm. Lost but a few men killed and wounded to-day.

May 29.- 2 a. m., received orders from department headquarters, dated May 28 (copy of orders from Military Division of the Mississippi of same date), stating that there would be a general move of the army to the left, and that General Thomas would connect with General McPherson, whose left would rest on the creek above the saw-mill, form a line facing nearly south across both branches of Petti's Creek, and covering all of the roads from Dallas to Allatoona and Acworth. The Fourth Corps will be the right wing of Thomas' line. 6 a. m., the general started out to ride along our front to establish the line for this new formation. 7 a. m., General Stanley was instructed to have his division ready to move as soon as McPherson arrived to relieve him, and then to take position, his right resting on the creek, and his division, in two lines, to extend as far as he could to the left, with two brigades facing nearly south. Orders for Newton to be given hereafter. Wood now in about proper position for this new formation. 10 a. m., received orders from department headquarters to send all of the wagons of this corps, expect division ordnance trains and a few wagons loaded with subsistence, to the rear of Pumpkin Vine Creek, on the Burnt Hickory road. Also to park all of our empty wagons at the same place, and to send them to Kingston on Tuesday next for such supplies as we may need. The train to go to Kingston at that time to be guarded by a brigade from this corps. 11.30 a. m., sent an order to General

