
Stanley to furnish a brigade from his division for the train that is to go to Kingston on Tuesday. 5 p. m., received instructions from department headquarters to direct the officer in charge of the train guard which goes to Kingston on Tuesday to look out for the enemy in the direction of Richland Creek as the train approaches Stilesborough, and to keep the train at Kingston until the arrival of General Blair's command there, the follow it back as far as he marches on the return route. 6 p. m., directed General Stanley to give the above-mentioned instructions to the commanding officer of the train guard. 6 p. m., directed Generals Stanley and Newton that if Major-General McPherson arrived to-night to allow him to relieve their troops on that part of their lines he is to occupy, and to bivouac said troops for the night in McPherson's rear. 11 p. m., the enemy attacked General Newton in force, and he was handsomely repulsed, losing quite heavily. Continued skirmishing along our lines until and after daylight. 11.30, received instructions from Major-General Thomas to open all of our artillery upon the enemy, and to make a strong demonstration with infantry if we heard heavy firing in the direction of McPherson's position. 2.30 p. m., heard very heavy firing on the extreme right of our lines, the enemy evidently attacking McPherson. At once ordered Stanley and Newton to open their artillery and to make a demonstration. They could fire but a few rounds before the attack on the right (which was on McPherson) ceased. It lasted about half an hour front the time when it commenced until we could get our artillery to working. Irregular firing was kept up by Stanley and Newton until after daylight from a few guns. From 11 p. m. till daylight the enemy made several attempts on our lines, but made but one attack. Shells and musketballs have been flying rather freely around our headquarters to-day and to-night, as has been the case for several days. Two or 3 of our provost-guard and orderlies wounded. Lost but a few killed and wounded to-day. Day hot and bright.

May 30.- (Incidents of the morning until daylight noticed in yesterday's record). 4 a. m., headquarters were moved to the rear of what will be the center of our lines when McPherson arrives. 5 a. m., visited General Sherman's headquarters. 6 a. m., received note from department headquarters stating that Palmer needed more troops to prevent the enemy from gaining possession of the road leading to Burnt Hickory from our left, and that General Cruft's brigade, of Stanley's division, was ordered to report to him. 12 m., McPherson not yet arrived. 2 p. m., instructed General Wood to wheel his line so as to bring it in the same direction as his picket-line, endeavoring to make a connection with the Twenty-third Corps. This would make his line parallel to the blazed line; also to bring his line up as near as possible to the open field; to barricade his front and select positions for artillery; also to effect this p. m. Skirmishing through the entire day, but not so heavy as yesterday. 9 a. m., General Stanley said that he would send Cruft's brigade as the train guard in the a. m. to Kingston. No night attack. Day very warm, dry, and dusty. Loss to-day, slight.

May 31.- 3 a. m., received from department headquarters copy of Special Field Orders, Numbers 14, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, stating that our lines would not be changed to-day, but that a general activity must be kept up long our whole front, and that to-morrow, June 1, General McPherson's army and General

