
Davis' division will move over to the left, McPherson to occupy the place now held by Hooker, Davis to join Palmer's corps; that General Thomas' command will hold from Hooker's present left around to the hill near Pickett's Mills, overlooking the Acworth road near Leverett's house; that Stoneman's cavalry will move rapidly by any road east of Pumpkin Vine Creek and secure possession of the east end of Allatoona Pass and the bridge over Allatoona Creek, while General Garrard's cavalry will move via Burnt Hickory and Richland Creek to the west end of Allatoona Pass, communicating with General Stoneman. 6 a. m., instructed division commanders that there would be no change of our lines to-day and to keep up a show of activity. 8.15 a. m., enemy felt part of our front by a bold attack with a very heavy skirmish line. The attack commenced on Johnson's division, Fourteenth Corps, on our left; then rolled along Wood's division, passing to Schofield's corps (part of which now separates Wood's division from Stanley's and Newton's, of this corps) and stopping there. General Wood's skirmishers fell back. Our main (front) line was then attacked, and the enemy was quickly driven back with considerable loss to him. 10 a. m., received Special Field Orders, current series, Numbers 148, Department of the Cumberland, stating that upon the arrival of General McPherson's troops General Howard will move such portions of Stanley's and Newton's divisions as can be spared from the trenches, with Wood's division, to occupy the interval which will be left in the line by the withdrawal of General Schofield's command; that at same time Davis' division, Fourteenth Corps, will occupy the position now held by General Wood's division, and that General Hooker will at same time move his corps to the left and mass it behind Johnson's left, and east of what known as Pickett's Mills creek; these movements to be made with as little delay as possible. 10.15, staff officer reports that General Wood swung his line around last night to the position indicated in instruction from these headquarters, connecting with Schofield, and that he had thrown up breast-works, &amp;c. 4 p. m., Major-General Thomas has consented to leave General Wood's division in the present position it occupies, and to relieve the Twenty-third Corps by Generals Stanley's and Davis' divisions upon the arrival of Major-General McPherson. General Wood instructed to leave a thin line of troops in his rifle-pits, and to let the rest of them rest in the rear until there is an immediate prospect of an engagement. 8 p. m., General Newton instructed to relieve the four right regiments of Grose's brigade to-morrow a. m., two in the front line and two in the rear, and that those in the front line had better be relieved at break of day. Stanley at same time instructed to shove over his command to the left the distance that he is to be relieved on the right by General Newton and as much farther as possible, and to connect with General Davis' division when he goes into position, he and Davis thus relieving Schofield. Skirmishing kept up in our front until dark. Day hot and dry. Loss not heavy to-day.

June 1.- Before daylight the four regiments of Grose's brigade, relieved by Newton, were moved to Stanley's extreme left, two regiments crossing Brown's Mill creek. 7 a. m., General Stanley opened a battery on the enemy in his front, silencing a battery that had been firing upon us for several days. McPherson and Davis not yet arrived. 10 a. m., McPherson's troops commenced to arrive, followed by Davis' division. But little skirmishing through the day.

