
SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 66. In the Field, near Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864.

I. The general- in- chief communicates with a feeling of just pride and satisfaction the following orders of the President of the United Stated, and telegram of Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, on hearing of the capture of Atlanta:

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., September 3, 1864.

The national thanks are tendered by the President to Major General W. T. Sherman and the gallant officers and soldiers of his command before Atlanta, for the distinguished ability, courage, and perseverance displayed in the campaign in Georgia, which, under Divine favor, has resulted in the capture of the city of Atlanta. The marches, battles, sieges, and other military operations that have signalized the campaign, must render it famous in the annals of war, and have entitled those who have participated therein to the applause and thanks of the nation.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington City, September 3, 1864.

Ordered:

First. That on Monday, the 5th day of September, commencing at the hour of 12 noon, there shall be given a salute of 100 guns at the Arsenal and Navy- Yard, Washington, and on Tuesday, the 6th day of September, or on the day after the receipt of this order, at each arsenal and navy- yard in the United States, for the recent brilliant achievements of the fleet and land forces of the United States in the harbor of Mobile, and in the reduction of Fort Powell, Fort Gaines, and Fort Morgan. The Secretary of War and Secretary of Navy will issue the necessary directions, in their respective Departments, for the execution of this order.

Second. That on Wednesday, the 7th day of September, commencing at the hour of 12 noon, there shall be fired a salute of 100 guns at the arsenal at Washington, Louis, New Orleans, Mobile, Pensacola, Hilton Head, and New Berne, or the day after the receipt of this order, for the brilliant achievements of the army under command of Major- General Sherman in the State of Georgia, and the capture of Atlanta. The Secretary of War will issue directions for the execution of this order.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States.

CITY POINT, VA., September 4, 1864- 9 p. m.

Major- General SHERMAN:

I have just received your dispatch announcing the capture of Atlanta. In honor of your great victory I have ordered a salute to be fired with shotted guns from every battery bearing upon the enemy. The salute will be fired within an hour amidst great rejoicing.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant- General.

II. All the corps, regiments, and batteries composing this army may, without further orders, inscribe "Atlanta" on their colors.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide- de- Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS, MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., Numbers 68. In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 8, 1864.

The officers and soldiers of the Armies of the Cumberland, Ohio, and Tennessee have already received the thanks of the nation through

