
The enemy tried our lines in General Wood's front this a. m., and to-night tried Stanley's front. Day very warm and dry. Lost a few men killed and wounded to-day.

June 1.- 6 a. m., unusually quiet in our front. General Davis going into position between Stanley's and Wood's divisions, relieving Twenty-third Corps troops, Schofield moving to the extreme left of the army. The enemy tried our lines to-night, but did not succeed in driving our skirmishers back. About the usual loss in skirmishing to-day. Remained quiet, awaiting developments, &amp;c. Heavy rainstorm from 11 a. m. until 4 p. m.

June 3.- 9 a. m., General Wood hid his pickets and skirmishers and struck tents to deceive the enemy and to try and induce him to attack us. The ruse did not succeed, although every appearance was that General Wood had withdrawn from his position. The same ruse was practiced by General Stanley at 9 a. m., with the same effect. But little picket and skirmish firing to-day. Nothing of special importance occurred in our front. 8 p. m., received verbal instructions from Major-General Thomas to relieve General Davis' division (between Wood and Stanley), in the morning by parts of Wood's and Stanley's divisions. 8.15 p. m., sent note to General Cruft at Kingston to start back with train at daylight in the a. m. or as soon as he got the note. 9 p. m. sent note to Wood to relieve the left half and to Stanley to relieve the right half of Davis' division at sunrise to-morrow, and to thin out their forces to one line in those parts of their positions which they deemed the strongest. At same hour sent instructions to General Newton to relieve Stanley's division as far as the creek, on his (Newton's) left, at sunrise in the a. m., and to thin out his line in that place where he was the strongest; also informed him that General McPherson had been instructed to re-enforce him in case he was attacked; Wood's, Stanley's and Newton's divisions to hold their present lines. 9.30 p. m., received written instructions from headquarters Department of the Cumberland to withdraw Stanley's or Newton's division from its present position, leaving the other to cover the entire line of both as now posted, and relieve General Davis' division, of the Fourteenth Corps. This could not be done. It will be necessary to relieve Davis from the two divisions, Wood's and Stanley's, one on either side. 11 p. m., received note from General Newton stating that if he relieved any men from his present lien that he could not give them any rest, and that they would suffer from exhaustion, but that he would obey the order. Sent a reply at once to General N[ewton], stating that our lines had to be expended so as to embrace General Davis, that all of the troops would be relieved as soon as General Blair arrived at Allatoona, in two days perhaps, and that McPherson would help him in case of need, and that General Stanley's line, but that this order had been changed for his benefit. Dark, cloudy, damp day. A few men killed and wounded on the skirmish line.

June 4.- 6 a. m., General Stanley reported that he had relieved a little more than the right half of Davis' division. No report yet from General Wood. 7 a. m., sent General Newton's note of last night, stating that it would exhaust his men to thin out his lines, to Major-General Thomas, with the statement that our position would be much strengthened if McPherson would relieve Stanley's right brigade. 7.30 a. m., received note from General Stanley stating

