
that he could not straighten his line as he supposed he could (on Davis's right front) as a hill in front of his left that he expected to get was occupied by the enemy when Schofield established his line (before being relieved by Davis); that this point was in front of his present left and was covered by General Wood; that the enemy was in strength there and could at that point best attack us, and suggesting that our line be double there. This note was at 8 a. m. referred to General Wood. 8.30, General McPherson called at corps headquarters and said that he would relieve General Newton's right brigade with one of his. A staff officer was at once sent over to conduct General McP[herson]'s brigade to the position designated. This disposition was effected. The enemy felt our lines to-day and found us in force. 7 p. m., another order was sent to General Cruft to return to this place from Kingston as soon as possible. Raining nearly all day. The usual skirmishing and picket firing and loss to-day.

June 5.- 6.15 a. m., General Stanley reports that the enemy has evacuated the rifle-pits in Colonel Grose's front. this report sent to department headquarters. Grose's men in enemy's first line of pits. 7.10 a. m., General Newton reports that the enemy has evacuated his first and second line of rifle-pits and that he has some force in his third line; supposed to be dismounted cavalry. He reports that a deserter says that Johnston has retreated beyond the Chattahoochee River. This report sent to department headquarters. 8 a. m., the headquarters and said that the enemy had retreated and that he had examined the place of his fight of the 27th, and that he now saw that he had been with his advance troops within eight places of the rebel works. Our skirmishers now out a mile beyond the enemy's works. 11 a. m., General McPherson's troops passing along our rear, moving to the left. 11 a. m., received instructions from department headquarters, which were received from headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, dated June 4, stating that to-day, if the enemy did not "display more activity than now," that General McPherson would send his wagons to Burnt Church by a road to the rear of General Thomas' road, and move his command by both roads to a point north of and near Burnt Church, ready to move next day to Acworth, leaving his wagons behind Allatoona Creek; that "General Thomas will refuse his right behind the creek on which Brown's Mill is located, and will prepare to move across Allatoona Creek to a point of the railroad in front of Acworth, say Big Shanty; General Schofield to strengthen his position and so distribute his wagons as to follow General Thomas and with his troops cover his movement." Allatoona to be the point of supply as soon as the railroad bridge can be completed, and all trains now at Kingston and Burnt Hickory to return via Allatoona, where General Thomas will lay a pontoon bridge. At the same time instructions were received from department headquarters stating that preparatory to this movement all of our wagons and hospitals must be moved at once tot he east of Brown's Mill creek and Little Pumpkin Vine Creek. General Thomas verbally informed General Howard that as the enemy had gone he need not move his troops to-day, but to let them rest, and that the foregoing orders would be changed. Doctor Heard was directed to bring up all of his sick and wounded from our old hospital (on the road that we marched on when we crossed Pumpkin Vine Creek) to the rear of our present headquarters, preparatory to moving them to-morrow. 12 m., Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes,

