
chief quartermaster, was instructed to move his train at once to the vicinity of Burnt Church, if it could be done without interfering with the movements of General McPherson's troops or trains. 1 p. m., sent instructions to General Stanley to detail one regiment from his command as a guard for corps train until it moves to and arrives at its new position (will move to-morrow). 8.30 p. m., received from department headquarters order of march for June 6. the Twentieth corps to move at daybreak, across Mason's Bridge, over the Allatoona Creek, and take up a position on the ridges in the angle between the road to Big Shanty and the one leading south to the east of Lost Mountain, right resting on Allatoona Creek. The Fourteenth Corps to follow the Twentieth, and to take up a position across the Sandtown and Marietta road and the road leading from Maloney's to Moore's Station. The Fourth Corps to follow the Fourteenth, turn to the left after crossing Mason's Bridge upon the road leading to Acworth, distant four miles (supposed to be from Acwroth; the order ambiguous), and take up a position holding that road and the Sandtown and Marietta road. The First Cavalry Division to remain in its present position, and Colonel McCook to send out pickets upon the roads converging to the front of the army, &amp;c. 9 p. m., sent to division commanders the order of march for Fourth Army Corps, for June 6, as follows: The corps to move at sunrise, the Third Division leading, followed by the First Division, then the Second. The troops to move on the most direct road from Dallas to Mason's Bridge, and thence to camp near Maloney's house, which is on the Acworth road. The Twentieth and Fourteenth Army Corps to have the right of way if they are found moving on the same road. The troops to move through the fields and by-ways, leaving the roads for the artillery and trains. The main corps train to move via Burnt Church across Allatoona Creek, under direction of Colonel Hayes, chief quartermaster. Ammunition trains and the artillery to move on the road near the troops. The hospitals will be moved to the vicinity of Acworth, under the direction of Surgeon Heard, and all empty wagons not in park to be sent to division hospital at daybreak for the purpose of transporting the sick. At same hour instructions sent to General Newton to leave his smallest brigade to cover our hospital at this place until the wounded can be transported to the railroad. Day cloudy and raining.

June 6.- Troops moved at sunrise, as indicated in the order of march for to-day. The country through which we moved covered with dense woods, with small cultivated fields interspersed. The short main roads in a very bad condition; deep mud. After moving a short distance on the Allatoona a road, and after crossing Allatoona Creek, General Wood's division crossed through the fields to the left, and moved on neighborhood road (to the left of Acworth road) almost direct to Maloney's house at about 10.45 a. m., Palmer's corps (Fourteenth) following him. 10.45, staff officer sent back to guide General Newton on the same route that General Wood's division took. At same time a courier to Colonel Hayes, who had run into McPherson's army on the Allatoona road about a mile beyond Burnt Church, to turn him off of said road and to direct him to park the train at Palmer's house, about a mile from the place selected for our headquarters. 11 a. m., head-quarters established at Peters' house, on the Sandtown and Marietta road,

