
could not advance then on account of serious opposition by the enemy's skirmishers. There was no connection between Generals Newton's and Baird's (on left of Palmer's corps) skirmish lines; Newton's line working slowly forward and exposed to flank fires. 3.40, sent word to Baird to push up rapidly and connect with newton. This connection was made at 4.10. 4.20, skirmishers ordered forward to take a hill in their front, which was held strongly by the enemy's skirmishers. 4.30, the hill taken in a gallant manner. The enemy was under cover of works of logs and rails. It was high and clear, but nothing could be seen on it on account of dense woods beyond. 4.45, sent word to General Thomas that we had taken this hill, which was about one mile from the point where we started, and that the main lines would now move forward to said hill, but not to expect anything remarkable, as the woods were so thick that we could hardly move through them. 4.50, column commenced to advance. 5.30, occupied the hill that the skirmishers had taken by Wagner's brigade, of Newton's division. 5.45, Captain Willard, from General Thomas, said that the general wished us to go as far as we could and then strengthen our position. 6 p. m., our skirmishers have found a second ridge, and are in sight of and within twenty-five yards of the enemy's main works. 6.15, enemy sends his main line out of works and drives back our skirmishers to the first ridge from their works, the one beyond the hill. 6.30, order sent to General Stanley to move one brigade abreast of Newton's advance brigade on the right on the hill, and request sent to General Palmer to advance a brigade on Newton's left and abreast with Wagner's (the advance brigade); Stanley sent Grose's brigade. 6.40, order sent to Wood to advance his column in rear of Newton's left, prepared to face to the left. 6.50, sent note to General Thomas, dated 6.30 p. m., stating that our skirmishers had developed the enemy and were within seventy-five yards of their works, and that they were pushed back by the enemy coming out of the same, drove them back a little way, but being re-enforced, they now held their ground on the crest in advance of the hill upon which Captain Willard, of his staff, found the general, and that on the hill from which we drove the enemy is our main line. 7 p. m., one of Baird's brigades, Palmer's corps, came up abreast of Newton, on his left, and commenced to strengthen the position. 7.10, General Wood's direction having been changed, he came up in the left rear of Stanley's division, prepared to face to the right or to act as a reserve. Our lines as follows: Newton - one brigade front, one brigade in echelon (on left), one brigade massed in rear; Stanley's left joining Newton's right, with two brigades front, one brigade massed in rear of his right, and Wood's division in rear of Stanley's right. Newton connects with the Fourteenth Army Corps (Palmer's) on the left. Our front covered by a strong line of skirmishers, five regiments, which connects with Baird's skirmishers on the left and Hooker's (Twentieth Army Corps) on the right. 8 p. m., received note from General Thomas, dated 6.30 p. m., stating if we could get no farther to fortify where we are, &amp;c. The hill that our main line is now on is on the line of ridges that connects Lost Mountain and Kenesaw, and from which the waters flow toward the Chattahoochee. The country through which we moved and skirmished was rough and rolling, and was covered with dense woods and underbrush. Day bright and cool. About 45 killed and wounded to-day in the corps; nearly all in Newton's division.

