
June 16.- 1 a. m., receiver order from department headquarters as follows:

Early to-morrow morning you will as many position as possible for batteries to bear upon the enemy's breast-works, and endeavor to destroy them or at least render them untenable.

Opened artillery fire at 7 a. m. along our line. 11.45, received instructions from Major-General Sherman to push out our forces and occupy the ridge in our front, about 500 yards from our present position. 12 m., ordered Newton to put a battery on said ridge and support it with a brigade, and Grose to move out a brigade and gradually occupy it; after this, our forces to occupy it in strength, making it our main line. 6 p. m., General Stanley has taken possession of the knoll intermediate between General Hooker and himself, and has intrenched a battery and brigade; General Newton has advanced a brigade and battery to his skirmish line on the left side, and is already intrenched. Generals Stanley and Newton have been ordered to connect their two points by their first line to-night; some portion of the proposed line is yet in dispute. Our skirmishers occupy only part of the ridge. Captain Simonson killed while establishing General Stanley's battery on this line; he was Stanley's chief of artillery, and a superior officer. 8.30 p. m., sent General Thomas a statement of the position we held, &amp;c. Our advance lines now about 200 paces from the enemy's works. Not many casualties to-day. Day clear and warm.

June 17.- 4.20 a. m., received reports from General Stanley and Newton that the enemy had left their front and abandoned their works. Orders were at once sent to division commanders to push after them. 6 a. m., our skirmishers came up with the enemy about two and a half miles from our position. It appears that he has only swung around his left, taking up new lines. His lines now face nearly west. His left appears not to be changed. 7.30, received orders from Major-General Thomas to get the troops ready to follow the enemy as soon as we could get orders from him as to the direction of march, and sent word back at same time that the troops were ready, and informing him of the enemy's position. 9 p. m., General Thomas requests (by Captain Pearson, who has been to him with a message) General Howard to attack the enemy as soon as he can, if his works are not too strong. 10.15 a. m., orders were given, and Wood formed in line of battle, moving eastward (to develop the enemy), working to the south, which would make his head of column point that way; Newton to work in on his left and Stanley in reserve; if the enemy is abandoning his position, then to move south by column, Wood leading, the Newton, then Stanley, the column covered by strong line of skirmishers. 1 p. m., heavy skirmishing in Wood's front, and it is reported that there is no connection with the skirmishers of the Fourteenth Corps on our left. At once sent word to General Thomas that we would have to advance without such connection if it was not kept up. 1.30, General Thomas sent word that he thought we were moving too much to the south. Sent reply that our line of battle was facing southeast, about. 1.50, General Wood's skirmishers report that the enemy has breast-works about 150 yards in their front. 3.45, General Wood commenced to move his main lines. Heavy skirmishing. 4.20, very heavy firing heard on our extreme left; supposed to be McPherson. 4.40, sent order to General Stanley to advance in line and form on the ridge in the rear of General Wood, which position he will hold until further orders, and

