
give Wood any assistance he may need. 4.40, General Newton trying to get over the open field on General Wood's left, the same field that General wood is trying to get over. 4.50, sent Wood word that Newton was working up on his left, and Stanley was ordered up in supporting distance in his rear. Wood and Newton could not advance their skirmish lines. The enemy had not abandoned their works on the left (in front of part of Palmer's corps), and at this time the lines were as in diagram below.

(MAP*)

6 p. m., General Thomas ordered artillery to be put in position along our front and to endeavor by fire from same to drive the enemy from the woods beyond the open field in front of Newton. A, and opened, firing by volley. A terrific fire was kept up for more than half an hour, and then the strong skirmish lines of Wood's and Newton's divisions charged across the open field, drove the enemy from his rifle-pits, and held the edge of the woods beyond. General Newton at once pushed up a line as a support to his skirmish line, and General Wood pushed up his troops to the edge of the woods in this side of the open field, in easy supporting distance. At 7.15 a circular was sent to division commanders, directing to push forward strong skirmish lines at daybreak to-morrow morning - the most reliable skirmish regiments, and they must be designated to-night so as to avoid delay. 11 p. m., the enemy made an assault upon our intrenched line of skirmishers and were repulsed. Our losses for the day not heavy for the work done. Day cool and rainy.

June 18.- 1 a. m., the enemy made another attack upon our lines and was repulsed. 4 a. m., skirmish line advanced, and the position gained was strengthened. 6 a. m., received note from General Thomas, stating that he wished us to shelter our skirmishers as much as possible and hold the position we gained last night, and see if we cannot get batteries in position to fire with as much success as yesterday, and drive the enemy again from our front. 6.30 a. m., sent note to general Thomas, informing him that the skirmishers of Hazen's and Knefler's brigades, of Wood's division, crossed the open field last evening at dark and made a lodgment in the woods beyond. At 11 p. m. and 1 a. m. the enemy made attempts on our lines, and were repulsed, and that the skirmishers again advanced at 4 a. m., and found the enemy in force. 6.45, one of General

