
ranged very handsomely in the open field, and that the right of Baird's division is as good a point as any from which to move suddenly upon the enemy's works. Very heavy skirmishing all day; long and considerable fighting. Our artillery fire was very brisk all day long. The enemy replied with artillery, but did not fire from many guns. Our loss during the day in killed and wounded about 240. Rained hard all day long, and Mud Creek, which runs between Newton's and Wood's divisions, was very much swollen - swim a horse; it had to be bridged in several places.

June 19.- 4.40, General Newton reports that the enemy has evacuated his last line of works in his front, and that his skirmish line now occupies the same. 5 a. m., General Wood reports the enemy gone from his front. 5 a. m. sent word to General Thomas that the enemy had gone. 6 a. m., ordered division commanders to march for Marietta, General Stanley's division to lead, and to march at once, Wood's division to follow, and then Newton's. 6.30, directed General Stanley to order a pioneer company from one of his regiments to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Hayes, chief quartermaster of the corps, for duty for a few days. 6.40 a. m., sent Captain Pearson to headquarters Army of the Cumberland to inform General Thomas that the corps was on the way, marching to Marietta. 7 a. m., our skirmishers came upon the enemy. He is posted on a line of ridges just west of Marietta. Stanley forming in line of battle. Word was sent to Newton to form one brigade on Stanley's left in line of battle, and to Wood to move up to Stanley's support. 7.30, word sent to generals Hooker and Palmer that we had met the enemy, and asking that they would co-operate with us. 8 a. m., sent note to General Thomas of our position. 10.30, General Stanley going into position opposite enemy at right angles with Marietta road at Wallace's house, Newton forming brigade on his left, Wood coming up in his rear. As soon as he displays his force General Stanley to advance his line of battle, Newton to keep up connection. 10.40, received note from General Thomas, dated 6.30, stating that the enemy was retreating, and to follow him closely. 2 p. m., have had hard skirmishing all day. Newton just reports that he is about again to advance and to try and push up to Kenesaw Mountain, but a short distance in his front. Orders were sent to General Stanley to push up as quickly as he can in conjunction with Newton. 3.30 p. m., the left of Stanley's skirmish line driven back across Noyes' Creek by two of the enemy's main lines, which came out of the works. They were driven back but a very short distance and were then re-enforced. Newton's lines on the left were ordered to be strengthened and advanced, and Wood's two reserve brigades (one is on a prolongation of Stanley's right) ordered up to close support of Stanley. 3.45, General Newton reports that the enemy, with two main lines, twice charged his skirmish line, and the also stating that there was a gap of half a mile between his left and Palmer's forces were in the rear. Word was at once sent to Palmer to close up on Newton, by General Thomas, and Captain Pearson, of the general's staff, was sent to conduct Palmer to the proper place. 6 p. m., received order from General Thomas to relieve Hooker's left division in the morning. 6.15, sent word to General Hooker that said division would be relieved at 5 a. m. to-morrow. At same time verbally instructed General Stanley to relieve the left of Hooker's left division by put-

