
ting in a force with a front of three regiments, and General Wood to relieve the rest of said division with two of this brigades; all of this to be done at 5 a. m. to-morrow. Our lines in all were not advanced over two miles to-day. Rained nearly all day, part of the time very hard. Lost in killed and wounded about 100 to-day. Troops strengthened their position during the night.

June 20.- Skirmishing all of last night, continuing along the greater part of our front. 11.30, General Newton has worked his way a little farther toward the enemy's works. 12 m., General Thomas verbally directed General Howard to push his command to the right as far as he could (not, however, to break connection on our left with the Fourteenth Corps) in order to relieve Hooker and enable him to attack a force of the enemy in Schofield's front, stating that Palmer would fill the interval on our left. 12.10, directed General Wood to extend his division to the right until he had only two lines. 12.20, directed General Newton to place his command in readiness to move to the right of General Wood's division, arriving there to relieve Hooker's troops as far as he could stretch in two lines, his left connecting with General Wood; to move his reserve brigade at 1.30 p. m., and his other two brigades as soon as relieved by General Palmer. 1.20 p. m., General Stanley reported that General Whitaker reported that he was about to be attacked by the enemy. Word was sent to General Newton at once not to move any of his troops until relieved by General Palmer. 1.40 p. m., General Wood reports that the enemy is forming a column as if for attack in front of his right. 2 p. m., received order from General Sherman to make demonstration by firing artillery, &amp;c., so as to call away attention from Schofield, who was trying to cross Noyes' Creek; this to be at 4 p. m. 2.20, the enemy made an attack, but only with the reserves of his skirmish line, and it was made to drive back our skirmishers in front of Stanley. He was repulsed. 3.30, Wood ordered to stretch out to the right, and Newton ordered to move to the right of Wood, as directed, at 12.20 p. m.; the movement was delayed on account of the threatened attack of the enemy. 3.35, General Stanley reports that his position is endangered by the enemy if he could. 4 p. m., our artillery opened all around, and in several places was replied to be the enemy's artillery. General Stanley advanced, and Whitaker's and Kirby's brigades handsomely drove the enemy from the hill, with a re-enforced skirmish line, taking his skirmish line prisoners and his skirmish rifle-pits. Whitaker strengthened his position at once, but Kirby did not, as he had not the force, so he reports. This was about 5.40 p. m. 6 p. m., the enemy charged General Whitaker's and Kirby's brigades. They were on the same hill, but separated by a marshy ravine, impracticable for the passage of infantry. He charged in three lines of battle, and in front of Whitaker was repulsed. Kirby's skirmishers, having no support, fell back a short distance and took a decided stand. In less than half an hour the enemy charged again, and was again repulsed handsomely. 6 p. m., General Newton's division not yet relieved by one of Palmer's, and he commenced to move to the right of Wood the brigade he had in reserve, but it was halted in the rear of Stanley's left as a support. 8 p. m., Wood ordered to relieve Stanley's right regiment, and Stanley ordered to move his two left

