
regiments to the support of his right; General King, of Palmer's corps, who had just come to relieve Newton, engaging to relieve said two regiments on the left. 8.30 p. m., Newton ordered to move the reserve brigade (Wagner's) at daylight to-morrow to the rear of Kirby's brigade, of Stanley's division, and so as to cover the ravine and marsh between Kirby and Whitaker, and to move the other two brigades to the right of Wood at 5 a. m. 10 p. m., Newton ordered to move one regiment of the reserve brigade to the point to be occupied by the brigade to-morrow a. m. at once, so as to prevent any of the enemy from getting through between Whitaker and K[irby] to-night. 10 p. m., sent note to General Thomas, informing him of position of the enemy in Stanley's and Wood's front, whether Newton should be moved to Wood's right to relieve Hooker's corps in the a. m. 10.45, received note from Stanley, stating that the enemy again charged the left of Whitaker's brigade since dark, and drove the Thirty-fifth Indiana from their works, but he was at once driven back by the Fortieth Ohio and three companies of the Ninety-sixth Illinois, and that the Thirty-fifth Indiana behaved badly on account of its officers. Stanley lost about 225 killed and wounded during the day. No reports from Newton's and Wood's divisions. The enemy lost about 900 killed and wounded in assaulting Stanley's position last night. Heavy rains during the day. Stanley established a battery to-night in the advance position he gained, not over 100 paces from the enemy's works. The enemy made seven charges in the three attack on Whitaker to-night.

June 21.- 5 a. m., Newton moving his division to the right of Wood to relieve Hooker, as directed, with two brigades. 6 a. m., Newton's reserve brigade (Wagner's) also moving to the right of Wood. 11.30 a. m., assault ordered to be made by Colonel Kirby to drive the enemy from the hill that he was driven from last night; artillery to fire upon enemy; ordered some guns in position on the hill in front of Wood's division, to fire into the enemy's skirmish line. 12.30, Kirby about ready to advance; ordered all of the artillery in front of Wood's and Stanley's front to open and fire fifteen minutes; then the advance to be made. 12.45, Kirby advanced with a cheer; Colonel Nodine, commanding Willich's brigade (on the right of Stanley), Wood's division, sent out two regiments to assist. 12.55, the hill gallantry carried and the enemy driven back; the skirmish line of rifle-pits taken, with a number of prisoners. The line at once commenced to throw up rifle-pits in addition to those they captured, strengthening the old ones, &amp;c. A regiment was sent out from Nodine's brigade to help hold the ground while Kirby's men constructed breast-works and rifle-pits; enemy commenced heavy artillery fire when the advance commenced, and are keeping it up. 1.20, Whitaker, of Stanley's division, ordered to swing around his right, so as to connect with Kirby; sent back word that he thought he could not do it. 1.50, orders sent to him by General H[oward] to strengthen his skirmish line, and push out if it could be possibly done, so as to keep up connection with Kirby. 2 p. m., directed General Stanley to bring Grose's brigade over from his left, and put it on the right of Whitaker and in rear of Kirby as a support. Grose at once proceeded to carry out the order. 2.30 p. m., Colonel Grose moving into position; General Wood's skirmish line, having advanced even beyond the position gained by Colonel Kirby on his right, drove the enemy off of some high ground, which would

