
enable our lines to advance. 2.30 p. m., General Wood and Newton ordered to advance their main lines. 3 p. m., our lines now advanced about 400 yards. 5 p. m., received note, dated 4 p. m., from General Thomas, expressing his gratification at the conduct and progress made by the troops to-day, and telling us to strengthen our position, which has already been done. 6 p. m., received verbal instructions from General Thomas to follow up General Hooker's movement in the a. m., who would move directly on the enemy at 6 a. m. 6.30 p. m., instructed division commanders to be ready at 6 a. m. to follow up Hooker's movement, wheeling to the left; the movement to commence on the right. No report of losses to-day; not heavy in comparison with results. Rained hard almost all day. P. S.- Loss, 250 killed and wounded to-day.

June 22.- Skirmishing all morning. Hooker began to swing up the hour indicated; moved forward without much opposition. 2.30, Hooker had advanced sufficiently for Newton's division to wheel partly to the left, and at this hour Kimball's brigade, of Newton's division, moved to the right of the division and wheeled a short distance to the left, connecting with Butterfield's division, of Hooker's corps. 4.30 p. m., Newton advanced his skirmish line about 350 yards, and drove the enemy before him. The fire was very hot. 5.15 p. m., General Hooker reported to General Thomas that Hood's corps was massing opposite him, and that he must have re-enforcements. At this hour General Thomas verbally directed General Howard to send a division to Hooker for that purpose, and that he would replace it by a division from Palmer's corps. 5.30 p. m., Stanley ordered to move over to Newton's left and connect with Butterfield's division, of Hooker's corps, as soon as relieved. 5.50 p. m., General Butterfield (Hooker's corps) requested General Howard to send him a brigade, as the enemy was threatening one of his batteries that had no support. Two regiments from Newton's and two from Stanley's divisions were sent at once. 6 p. m., orders sent to Colonel Grose, of Stanley's division, to send all of his troops not in line to Butterfield's assistance. 6.45 p. m., General Newton's and Wood's regiments (four) relieved Colonel Coburn's and Wood's brigades, of Butterfield's division, and Cuburn's at once started to the relief of General Williams' division, on Hooker's right. 7.30 p. m., General Newton instructed to assist the four regiments that relieved Colonel Coburn's brigade, if they should be attacked, and he could possibly do it. 7.50 p. m., Colonel Grose's regiments (five) that were not in line go into position, re-enforcing the line held by Newton's and Wood's regiments (Coburn's and Wood's line). 8 p. m., received note from Major-General Thomas, stating that King's division will relieve Stanley's division as soon as it can be done under cover of darkness; King is close under the enemy's guns, and the movement would be observed in daylight. 10 p. m., Stanley went save in Ninety-seventh Ohio, of Wagner's brigade, which lost 7 commissioned officers and about 50 men, and in Second Division, in which it was about 115 killed and wounded. Day warm and bright. Skirmishing as usual all day and night. P. S.- Loss about 250 killed and wounded to-day.

June 23.- No change in the lines this a. m. Skirmishing along the whole length of the line. 12.30 p. m., General Thomas asked General Howard if he would not try and take the prominent hill in front of Wood's, Newton's, and Stanley's positions, which is held by

