
the enemy, some time to-day; first to open a heavy artillery fire. Captain Bridges, chief of artillery, at once proceeded to look for suitable positions for planting batteries for the purpose mentioned. General Thomas did not order to attack with main lines. 3 p. m., division commanders directed to prepare strong skirmish lines, to be advanced, as soon as the artillery fire should cease, up said hill. 4.30, all of the artillery of the corps that could be brought into position to bear upon the hill was opened, and it was ordered that a rapid fire should be kept up for fifteen minutes. 4.45, the advance ordered, and the strong skirmish lines of Stanley, Newton, and Wood started forward under a heavy fire from the enemy. After a very stubborn fight, lasting until about 5.20, our lines gained the first crest of the hill, within from sixty to seventy yards from strong works of the enemy, which were held, as we afterward found out from prisoners, by Cheatham's and Cleburne's divisions, of Hardee's corps. On the first crest of the hill, in some places just below it, we took the enemy's skirmish line of rifle-pits. Finding it impossible to attack the enemy's works without a column, so strong were they, our skirmish line, which, in fact, was a line of battle, being exposed to a murderous fire from said works, halted and commenced to strengthen their position. In front of Newton's left and Wood's right the enemy in very strong force came out of his works and compelled the right of Wood's and left of Newton's skirmish line of fall back to the position from which they started. The rest of these skirmish lines, however, held the advanced positions which they had gained, and repulsed all attacks of the enemy. Stanley's re-enforced skirmish line advanced about 400 yards on his right and over the first crest of the hill. His main lines were advanced over 100 yards, and held the first crest of the hill that he was striving for. He strengthened his position. 7 p. m., the enemy made an attack on Stanley's skirmish line, which he had protected by throwing up logs, &amp;c., and was handsomely repulsed, he (the enemy) losing quite a number of men. Colonel Bartleson, One hundredth Illinois, Newton's division, officer of the day, was killed just as the skirmish line commenced to advance. 9 p. m., our position gained, securely held. We took a number of prisoners, about 40. Lost during the day in killed and wounded 270. Day very warm; clear. Headquarters in rather a hot place. Several of our tents shot through last night. In fact, headquarters have been in range of the enemy's fire for several weeks, more of less.

June 24.- 8.40 p. m., received a note from Major-General Stanley stating that last night the enemy drove back the right of his picket-line, inflicting a loss of 30 men upon us. This was done by the enemy passing entirely around the right of his picket-line, which was easily done, as General Geary, of Hooker's corps, did not being up his troops to correspond with Stanley's advance, Stanley having been already 400 yards in front of Geary when he advanced. Stanley's main line in its advanced position was not disturbed. The troops remained as quiet as possible to-day, trying to rest. Slight skirmishing through the day. Our loss was not over 40 in killed and wounded. Enemy has made no movements that we could observe. Day bright and very warm.

June 25.- We remained quiet to-day resting. We made no demonstration, nor did the enemy. Picket-firing very heavy at times. Losses very few to-day. Day very hot. Remained quiet. Heavy picket-firing, and a few men lost in killed and wounded.

