
very insecure. At once replied that there was a re-entering angle in the enemy's works at that point, and if Kimball advanced he would bring on an engagement; that if necessary Kirby could refuse this left, or protect his men by traverses. Our casualties during the day, 756. In Newton's division were 655 of this number. Day very hot and clear.

June 28.- 2 a. m., received orders from department headquarters to make immediate preparations to move this corps with ten days' supply to forage and provisions, and to adopt every means to move with the greatest celerity. 7 a. m., sent copies of this order to division commanders and ordered them to make preparations secretly and at once. Troops resting. Nothing of importance occurred during the day. Some skirmishing and a little picket-firing. Loss during the day, casualties, not over 10. Day very hot.

June 29.- Nothing of importance occurred to-day. Making preparations to move. Usual picket-firing to-day, and loss in killed and wounded small. Day very hot.

June 30.- Nothing of importance occured during the day. The usual picket-firing in front of part of our lines. In front of some of the brigades there is a cessation of firing, by mutual consent between our men and the enemy. Making preparations to move, getting commissary stores loaded in wagons, &amp;c. 2 p. m., received information from general that the troops of this corps (and the Army of the Cumberland would not move, but hold the works we now occupy, making some modifications in the same, while McPherson's army makes the contemplated movement. General Thomas told General H[oward] the part of the line he wished him to occupy. 4 p. m., gave General Stanley verbal instructions to make preparations to hold the line between his present right and Sutermeister's battery, and to reconnoiter it with a view to shortening and strengthening the position. At same time sent order to General Newton to occupy the ground between Sutermeister's battery and Dilger's battery, and to reconnoiter the ground with a view to shortening and strengthening the position, and ordered General Wood to relieve King's division (Palmer's corps, extend his division from Dilger's battery, on his right, to the left of King's present position, and to examine the ground with a view to shortening and strengthening the position. Division commanders were also ordered not to move into their new positions until further orders issued for this purpose. But few casualties to-day. Very hot.

July 1.- Generals Thomas and Howard reconnoitered the ground to be occupied by our troops when McPherson makes his movement. 9 a. m., received a note from General Newton, stating that the new line which he is to occupy is 1,420 yards in length, and with his effective force of 3,300 muskets, without deducting a picket, he will be unable to fill the line. Sent a reply to him saying that he must fill the line as well as he can. 5 p. m., received orders from department headquarters, stating, "let your artillery stir up the enemy this evening and to-morrow morning; it is feared they are getting too strong on General Schofield." Sent word to our batteries to open at once, which they did - that is, as soon as they got the message. 11 p. m., received note from department headquarters, saying:

In the directions given this evening to stir up the enemy with artillery I should have said skirmishers and artillery. I desire to make that correction.

WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

