
I ask all to continue, as they have so well begun, the cultivation of the soldierly virtues that have ennobled our own an other countries- courage, patience, obedience to the laws and constituted authorities of our Government, fidelity to our trusts, an good feeling among each other, each trying to excel the other in the practice of those high qualities- and it will then require no prophet to foretell that our country will in time emerge from this war, purified by the fires of war and worthy its great founder- Washington.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide- de- Captain

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 3. Washington, January 14, 1865.

The following resolution of the Senate and House of Representatives is published to the Army:

PUBLIC RESOLUTION Numbers 4.- Joint resolution tendering the thanks of the people an of Congress to Major General William T. Sherman and the officers and soldiers of his command for their gallant conduct in their late brilliant movement through Georgia.

Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled. That the thanks of the people and of the Congress of the United Stats are due, and are hereby tendered, to Major General William T. Sherman and, through him, to the officers and men under his command for their gallantry an good conduct in their late campaign from Chattanooga to Atlanta, and the triumphal march thence through Georgia to Savannah, terminating in the capture and occupation of that city; and that the President cause a copy of this joint resolution to be engrossed and forwarded to Major- General Sherman.

Approved, January 10, 1865.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 2.

Organization of the Union (field) forces, commanded by Major General William T. Sherman,in the Atlanta Campaign, May 3- September 8, 1864.

HEADQUARTERS GUARD.

7th Company Ohio Sharpshooters, a Lieutenant William McCrory.

ARTILLERY,b

Brigadier General WILLIAM F. BARRY, Chief of Artillery.

ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS.

ESCORT.

Company I, 1st Ohio Cavalry, Lieutenant Henry C. Reppert.

ARTILLERY b

Brigadier General JOHN M. BRANNAN, Chief of Artillery.

a Relieved two companies 10th Ohio Infantry My 20.

b All organizations are entered in the rosters of the commands with which they served.

