
It halted, and, under orders from Major-General Thomas, commenced to make preparations to move south on the right of Palmer's column (Palmer on the right of this corps). Commenced to mass Stanley's division at the academy for the purpose of getting into shape to move down the railroad and to let King's division (on our left) pass our front and join Palmer's corps. 10 a. m., General Stanley commenced to move, having crossed the railroad and taken the road on the left of the railroad leading south. 11 a. m., the program changed. Palmer's corps ordered to follow General Hooker, and not to march abreast of us; move to our right. 12.30 p. m., reached a point about three miles from Marietta on the road to the left of the railroad where it turned to the northeast. As this would not lead us to the railroad crossing of the Chattahoochee, halted the column, reported the fact to General Thomas, and asked for orders. At same time sent word to General Wood to detail three regiments in addition to the one ordered this a. m., to guard the train from Marietta to camp to-night. 12.50, received orders from General Thomas to move over to the railroad and march along it abreast with General King's division. Moved over to the road and marched down to Neal Dow Station, about four and a half miles from Marietta. Skirmishes all the way. At this point we arrived at 3 p. m., and were stopped by the enemy, who showed much strength in skirmish rifle-pits. After careful reconnaissance, main works in a very advantageous position were discovered. 3.30 p. m., ordered General Stanley to deploy his leading brigade (Grose's) in two lines, and to go into position in the woods just behind the skirmish line. The enemy's rifle-pits run across the middle of a cleared field. 4 p. m., it is reported (and the reports seem reasonable from the show he makes) that the enemy has three corps in line of battle in his works that are not half a mile from our front. 4 p. m., sent orders to General Newton to bring up his division along the railroad and go into position in column of regiments to the left of and in rear of General Stanley, prepared to face to the left; and ordered General Wood to bring up his division and to go into position on the left and in the rear of General Newton's division, prepared to face to the rear; also sent word for the corps train to come up and to move on the road on the right of and that hugs the railroad. 4.10, ordered Captain Bridges, acting chief of artillery, to put a few pieces of artillery in position on our right and into camp. Our right (the right of Stanley's division) rests on the left of the railroad, and Palmer's left rests on the right of the same. 9.45 p. m., received instructions from department headquarters to occupy the attention of the enemy in our front to-night and in the morning, by skirmishing and artillery, so as to prevent him from massing upon Major-Generals McPherson and Schofield, who are to attack his left flank. It is not intended that the operations shall amount to anything like a battle, but do whatever is necessary to accomplish the object without really attacking. These instructions were at once given to Major-General Stanley to carry out; was instructed to open his artillery at daybreak, to make a vigorous demonstration with a strong skirmish line, &amp;c. But few casualties to-day. Very hot and quite dusty. Took about 200 prisoners to-day.

