
Newton reports that Colonel Bradley has taken the rifle-pits of the enemy in his front, and that the others in front of his (Newton's) division vacated, all save one, which seems to be the end of a covered way to the house on the high hill in his front, which is easily re-enforced, and that there would be no advantage in taking it; further, his (Newton's) skirmishers are well [posted] and occupy the most favorable ground in his front. Lost in killed and wounded to-day about 130. Took 90 prisoners. Day very hot and bright.

July 5.- 4 a. m., General Stanley reported that the enemy has left his front, and that he occupies his works. At once reported the fact to General Thomas. 4.15, General Newton sends report, dated 3.30 a. m., stating that he occupies the enemy's works. 4.25 a. m., directed division commanders to make preparation to follow the enemy as soon as possible, General Wood's division to lead, Newton's to follow, then Stanley's. 5 a. m., started on the march. The enemy's breast-works proved to be very formidable. In our front were two lines of breast-works in addition to the usual line of skirmish rifle-pits. 8 a. m., it is reported that the enemy's wagon train, or a small part of it, is moving to the southeast toward the river, on our left. Sent word back to General Newton to send a brigade of infantry after it, but to move parallel to the railroad, down which our column is marching, and not far from it. Palmer's corps is moving down the main road on our right, running near to the railroad in some places and in others from one to two miles. 8.30 a. m., skirmishing quite heavy. Hazen's brigade in advance. 10 a. m., head of column arrived at Vining's Station, about two and a half miles from the river at the railroad crossing, five miles from camp, and one mile from the river on a direct road running to Pace's Ferry. Here we captured the station-master, who says that the enemy has been crossing the river since 2 this a. m. on a pontoon bridge at Pace's Ferry, and that they had torn up part of the track beyond Vining's Station. Sent this word to General Thomas, and he sent a reply to push the enemy, moving down the Pace's Ferry road and also toward the railroad bridge, or, rather, feeling in that direction, as General Palmer is moving to that point. 11 a. m., started down the Pace's Ferry road, and near the depot heavy skirmishing commenced. 11.15 a. m., the enemy charged our skirmish line and was repulsed handsomely. 11.40 a. m., our skirmish line, which has been strengthened, drove the enemy from his rail barricades. 11.50 a. m., sent word to General Thomas of this fact and asked him to have the guns from the hill in our rear cease firing as the shells were exploding over our skirmish line. These guns are two rifled guns belonging to General Palmer's corps, which ave been placed on the high hill which lies between Vining's Station and the main road. From this hill we have had our first view of Atlanta. 12.30 p. m., Hazen's brigade, Wood's division, drove the enemy across the Chattahoochee, and so hard was he pressed that he could not burn the pontoon bridge over which he crossed, but cut it loose on one side so that it swung across and now lies on the other side of the river. The enemy now have heavy works on the other side of the river, and they line the bank with their skirmishers and sharpshooters, so that we cannot well cross the river now without sustaining a very heavy loss. The enemy has also opened artillery upon us from the other side, and our pontoon train is not yet up. 2 p. m., General Wood goes into position on a ridge running very near parallel with the river and about half a mile from it. Newton's di-

