
vision goes in in his rear and left, and Stanley's on Newton's left. We have a strong picket-line extending our entire front, on or very near to the river-bank. Baird, commanding one of Palmer's divisions, connects with us on our right, and McCook's cavalry is moving up to connect our left with Garrard's cavalry. He will be up by 5 or 6 p. m. 3 p. m., General Thomas requested General Howard to try and get over the river in the morning. 3.30, reconnoitered for the purpose of finding ground to place our artillery on so it may assist us in crossing in the morning. 6.30, published order for the day for July 6, 1864. General Wood to try at 5 a. m., to effect a crossing at Pace's Ferry, where the enemy crossed on the pontoon bridge to-day, and if he could not cross there to cross at such point as he may select, on a pontoon bridge to be furnished him; the artillery of the First and Second Divisions to co-operate with his in this movement. 9.20, reported to General Thomas the transactions of the day, and requested him to send the pontoon train to these headquarters by 5 a. m. to-morrow. Day excessively hot. For the result of operations our casualties very small. Took 126 enlisted men prisoners.

July 6.- 5 a. m., General Buell, with pontoon train, reported at these headquarters; sent him to General Wood. 5.15 a. m., General Wood commenced to open his guns on the enemy on the opposite side of the river. The enemy replies with artillery. After demonstrating for some time, and carefully reconnoitering the ground, it was found that we could not attempt to cross the river without great loss of life. Major-Generals Sherman, Thomas, and Howard examined the position, and it was decided by them not to attempt to cross. The artillery and musketry fire was kept up by ourselves and the enemy across the river until about 7.30 a. m. 11.30 a. m., received instructions from Major-General Thomas to attempt only to hold our present position by a strong skirmish line and to put the troops in camp where they can have shade and water and enjoy rest for a few days, and to prepare roads so that the troops can easily and quickly debouch on the main roads leading through the country; these directions carried out. Day very hot. Casualties of the day in killed and wounded about 25.

July 7.- 1 a. m., the first train arrives on the railroad from the north; construction train. 7 a. m., received a note from General Wood stating that General Baird, of the Fourteenth Corps, the pickets of whose division connected with this corps on our right last night, had withdrawn his pickets, and so disposed his division as to leave a gap of about one mile between us and the Fourteenth Corps, and that he could not fill the space with his troops. 7.30 a. m., sent word that if he could not connect with General Baird to cover his right flank with one of his brigades, placing it in the most advantageous position for this purpose. 8 a. m., the general sent Colonel Sherman to reconnoiter the ground between Generals Wood and Baird, and in so doing he was captured by the enemy. 9 a. m., General Wood reports that he has sent a brigade to cover the space between General Baird and himself. 5.30 p. m., received note from General Thomas, stating that General Schofield would cross the river to-night at Roswell Factory, about fourteen miles to our left, and secure a lodgment on the south side, and to direct the enemy's attention from him as much as possible. General Howard will display a force in front of Pace's Ferry about sundown, as if he were making preparations to cross there; to open all of our artillery on

