
the enemy's batteries on the other side until we get the range, and then to cease firing until 8 p. m.; then to fire rapidly for about fifteen minutes or half an hour, with sufficient elevation to reach the enemy's batteries, and to have persons posted on the river-bank, in secure places, with instructions to give commands as if giving instructions to a strong column marching to cross the ferry; at same time to keep up a heavy fire from our skirmish line on the river-bank. These instructions were carried out as directed. 7.30 p. m., instructed General Wood to keep his right brigade under arms during the artillery fire to-night, for fear the enemy might attempt to cross and get between him and General Baird. 11.25 p. m., received instructions from Major-General Thomas to "send a regiment along up the river to connect with General Schofield, the bridge over Rottenwood Creek having been completed." 11.30, instructed General Newton to send a regiment to Rottenwood Creek bridge at 4 a. m. to-morrow, to repair the bridge if necessary, and to cross it and make connection with Schofield. At same time the general sent back General Thomas' communication, stating that he did not understand it, as said bridge is uninjured, and Roswell Factory, the place for Schofield to cross, is between fifteen and twenty miles from here; also the hour of sending his dispatch not mentioned, but he had ordered General Newton to send the regiment, as directed, at daylight to-morrow. Day very hot. Skirmishing and picket-firing along the bank of the river through the day. Loss to-day in killed and wounded about 15.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,July 7, 1864.

By direction of the major-general commanding, please order your pontoon train party, with bridge, to report to Schofield, near the mouth of Soap Creek, as early to-morrow as possible; also direct General Howard to send a regiment along the river to connect with General Schofield, the bridge over Rottenwood Creek having been finished.

6 a. m., a regiment was sent as directed, and General Howard went with it. During the artillery fire and our demonstration last night the enemy, supposing that we were about to cross, cut his pontoon bridge (which was fastened on the other side of the river) loose, expecting it to float down the river into their own lines, but the current was such that it floated over to our side of the river, and it was secured by Hazen's pickets and made fast to the shore. The bridge over Rottenwood Creek was strengthened according to instructions. The regiment, which started out at 6 a. m., marched to the vicinity of the mouth of Soap Creek. the distance from the left of this corps to Schofield's right is about five miles in a direct line and seven by practicable roads. General Schofield commenced to put down his pontoon bridge at 3.30 p. m. He crossed four regiments over and made a lodgment on the other side about an hour before sundown. 8.30 p. m., received instructions from department headquarters stating that General Garrard "is to effect a lodgment at Roswell Factory to-morrow morning," and as soon as he reports himself successful General Sherman is to send a corps of the Army of the Tennessee to that point. It may be necessary to send the nearest division of this corps to that point before McPherson's troops can get there, as they are so far off. Such divis-

