
ion will therefore be held in readiness to move. Also, the troops of this corps will make a display at daybreak to-morrow, to cover the movements up the river. In accordance with these instructions, General Newton was ordered to hold his division in readiness to move, and Generals Newton and Wood ordered to make the demonstration. But 7 or 8 men wounded to-day; 1 killed. Usual picket-firing at the river. Day very hot.

July 9.- 2 a. m., received instructions from department headquarters to move the division to Roswell Factory at daylight, and to move without wagons. 2 a. m., directed General Newton to move his division to Roswell Factory at daylight (4.30) this morning, for the purpose of supporting General Garrard, and "making sure of anything that may be gained by him," to take one battery, but no wagons; McPherson's troops to relieve this division as soon as they arrive at the Factory. 4 a. m., received note from department headquarters stating that it is General Sherman's opinion that inasmuch as General McPherson (?) has made a lodgment that Johnston will be forced in strategy to attack us or General McPherson, or withdraw. It is therefore directed that we take advantage of the situation by feeling the enemy's skirmishers at daylight, if we have any in our front not across the river, &amp;c. It is now about daylight, but General Wood has just been instructed to keep up his picket-firing across the river, the only place that the enemy is in range. 5 a. m., received note from General Newton inquiring whether he was to cross the river with General Garrard or remain at the Factory, or if he crossed was he to go with Garrard, or merely see him safe on his way. At once replied:

Cross, if necessary to support General Garrard if he crosses, and the enemy does not retreat from or leave his front. Do whatever is best to give him assistance and enable him to hold any position he may gain.

8 a. m., directed General Stanley that as General Newton's division has moved, he will picket the road well to his left, especially the one leading over Rottenwood Creek, and establish a post at the bridge at said crossing. 9 a. m., sent a note to General Newton, on the march directing him to construct a bridge-head on the other side of the river, provided he gets across, as soon as General Garrard gives him space to do so. 11 a. m., the enemy again opened upon us the enemy may be making a reconnaissance to discover our weak point; to keep a strict watch, and if you (Stanley) think he is doing so, to push a regiment of infantry to Powers' Ferry and bring it back this evening (not near enough to be exposed to artillery fire). 8 p. m., Captain Kirlin arrived from General Newton, and stated that he arrived at Roswell Ferry, and crossed over the river with two brigades at 2 p. m.; that General Garrard crossed at 6 a. m.; meeting with but little opposition. 9 p. m., reported to General Thomas that two regiments of Wood's division were placed opposite General Baird's left just before dark, in support of a battery which General B[aird] will send up on the ridge; this done in accordance with instructions from department headquarters. Considerable artillery firing and the usual picket-firing on both sides to-day. Our loss in killed and wounded about 15. Day very hot.

July 10.- Received report from signal officer at daybreak that the railroad bridge over the Chattahoochee River was burning. 5 a. m., it was reported that the enemy had left the north side of the river and had retreated across it during the night, giving up their works

