
in the works Stanely left his a. m., now almost connect with Stanley's right as he is posted in his new position. 2.20 p. m., Major-General Sherman told General Howard that McPherson is now within two miles of Atlanta, on the Augusta railroad, and the enemy may withdraw from our front to meet him, as he is moving on and has been opposed by nothing but cavalry and artillery. 2.30 p. m., sent word to General Wood to push Gibson forward to see whether the enemy has gone, as they may have withdrawn to oppose McPherson. Gibson pushed out his skirmishers, and found them still in force in the same position. 2.30 p. m., directed General Stanely to deploy two brigades on the ridge rather to his right, to face southeast, and to feel toward the right with skirmishers. 2.45 p. m., received a note from General Newton, stating that he has driven the enemy from their first rifle-pits (skirmish rifle-pits) second line of strongly constructed skirmish rifle-pits-the strongest they have dug during this campaign-with his skirmish line, capturing about 50 prisoners from Stevenson's corps. 4.25 p. m., the enemy came out of his works and made a charge to recover his rifle-pits, but he was handsomely repulsed. 5 p. m., Stanley has advanced his batteries, and now fires canister at the enemy. His main and very strong line of works but a few hundred yards in Stanley's front. Informed General Sherman that the enemy is in force in our front. 5.15, Wood brings up Hazen's and Knefler's brigades, and puts Knefler in position on the right of Stanley, on the south side of south fork of Peach Tree Creek, and leaves Hazen's brigade in reserve in the rear of and between Knefler's and Gibson's brigades. 8 p. m., instructed division commanders to watch the enemy closely to-night, and if he attempts to retreat to follow him up, if possible, and annoy him as much as he can. 8.30 p. m., staff officer from General Newton reports that the enemy attacked him while he was going into position this afternoon; that his left was "in the air," and the enemy sent a large force to turn his left flank; that he refused his left, and the enemy then attacked him and he was repulsed with severe loss, while his (Newton's) was incredibly small. 9 p. m., General Stanely reports that Colonel Grose drove the enemy, at 7.10 p m., out of a new line of rifle-pits on the right of those he was last driven out of this p. m., taking a number of prisoners. Captured about 60 prisoners to-day (not counting Newton's division), and loss in killed and wounded not over 25 in Stanley's division; Wood not engaged. P. S.-Newton lost in killed and wounded 102.

July 21.-5 a. m., General Wood reports that Colonel Gibson reports that the enemy left his front at about 3 this a. m., and that he is in his works. 5.30 a. m. Stanley reports the enemy gone from Grose's front, but that he remains in front of the rest of his command; supposed that the enemy is contracting his lines, drawing nearer to Atlanta. 6 a. m., directed General Wood to swing up, to wheel to the left, and to keep Hazen in supporting distance of Knefler and Gibson (of Wood's division). 7 a. m., received note from General Newton, stating that after he relieved Hazen's brigade yesterday p. m., and after he had taken the ridge in his front, occupying it with Kimball's and Blake's brigades,and as Colonel Bradley's brigade was marching up the road in column (being then in T shape), and as his skirmishers were again advancing (he had no connection on the left but connected with the Twentieth Corps

