
on the right), the enemy inserted a column on the ridge and pressed it forward so as to threaten his left flank and rear. He refused his left and the enemy attacked with vehemence. Blake (on the left) was supported by Bradley, and Bradley also threw regiments along the road to repel the attack in his (Newton's) rear. The enemy was splendidly repulsed. Immediately afterward the enemy attacked newton's right and was again repulsed, and he afterward kept up the same tactics all day. He (the enemy) lost very heavily, especially in Kimball's front. Newton says his loss incredibly small, not over 80 killed and wounded. Bate's division attacked his rear and left flank, and Walker's his front, and Cheatham's division came around his right. 11 a. m., Generals Stanley and Wood have wheeled around to the left until they are within musket-range of the enemy's main line of works, and skirmishing is very heavy. General Wood's right is advanced about one mile and a half. General Stanely's left brigade did not move, as it was already within easy musket-range of the same line of works. From General Wood's position about one mile in extent of the enemy's works is plainly visible. They have the appearance of having been built some five or six weeks ago. Stanley's left brigade is covered by breast-works, and the rest of his division, with Wood's, is rapidly constructing such, some of the troops of Knefler's brigade being much exposed in this work; he has lost 15 men thus far while at it. 11.30 a. m., one of Colonel Gibson's staff officers reports that the enemy is massing in front of our right. This can be hardly so. The enemy can be seen, though, moving troops to his left and then back again. 12.15 p. m., directed General Stanely to hold Kirby's brigade (his reserve brigade) in readiness to move to our right if it should be attacked. 2 p .m., received note from General Stanley, dated 12.20 p m., stating that Schofield had been there and that he was very anxious for him to relieve Colonel Hobson's brigade (on our extreme left). Replied to this by writing a note to General Schofield, telling him of the position of the troops of this corps, and that it would be almost impossible to relieve Colonel hobson now. 2 p. m., directed General Stanely to relieve General Wood's two left regiments by one regiment of his division, and to block up the ravine between himself and General Wood as much as he can by felling timber, cutting down underbrush, &amp;c., 2 p. m., instructed General Wood that one of General Stanley's divisions will relieve his two left regiments, which two regiments are to be used to strengthen his right. 7 p. m., reported to General Thomas position of troops and occurrences of the day. To-day we have closed up on the enemy and are pressing him strongly. Skirmishing briskly all of the day. Our losses not yet ascertained. Have captured a few prisoners.

July 22.-3 a. m., General Schofield reports that the enemy has evacuated his main works in his front and that his skirmishers occupy the same. Reported this fact to General Sherman at once. 5 a. m., General Wood reports his skirmishers in the enemy's main line of works, and that he (the enemy) evacuated the same at 12 o'clock last night. 5.30 a. m., received note from Major-General Sherman, dated 4.40 a. m., as follows:

Schofield has reported the enemy's main line in his possession. Satisfy yourself on this point, and don't enter Atlanta, but join your army in the pursuit south.

5 a. m., Stanley and Wood started on the march after the enemy, and came up with his skirmishers about two miles from cap.

