
One of General Newton's brigades sent back in the rear as reserve to-day, and two of Stanley's brigades were sent to the rear, on the left of Major-General Schofield's refused left. The day has been warm. The usual amount of skirmishing, and more artillery fire than usual. Loss of the corps in killed and wounded about 15.

July 27.-2 a. m., received Special Field Orders, Numbers 204, headquarters Department of the Cumberland, dated July 26, 1864, relieving Major-General Howard from the command of the Fourth Army Corps, he having been assigned to command the Army of the Tennessee. General Stanley was at once noticed that General Howard would leave headquarters at 4.30 this a m., to take command of the Army of the Tennessee. 5 a. m., Major-General Stanely took command of the corps and issued orders to division commanders, stating this fact, at 6 a. m. 7 a. m., division commanders commenced to make demonstrations to cover the movement to the left. The enemy opened heavy artillery fires upon us and we returned like fires. Skirmishing heavy all along our lines during the day. General Newton drove back the enemy's skirmishers and took possession of a ridge in his front, which he now holds. 6 p. m., the movement to the right progressing very slowly. Not all of the troops have yet passed this corps. Usual skirmishing to-day. Lost to-day in killed and wounded 32. Warm and clear.

July 28.-12 m., up to this hour usual skirmishing and artillery firing from both sides. 2 p. m., very heavy firing heard on the right (Army of the Tennessee). 3.30 p. m., received instructions from Major-General Thomas to make a demonstration in front of this corps, driving the enemy's skirmishers back if possible, and find whether the enemy was in strength in our front. 3.30 p. m., verbal instructions in accordance with General Thomas' order were given to Generals Newton and Wood, who were at headquarters, and written instructions were sent to Colonel Grose to make the demonstration. 4 p. m., General Wood's and colonel Grose's (commanding General Stanely's old division) skirmishers advanced. After very heavy skirmishing drove the enemy from his skirmish rifle-pits, which were very strong, and occupied them, taking about 50 prisoners. The enemy could be discerned in force in their main works, 200 or 300 yards beyond our skirmish line. Our skirmishers have advanced from 300 to 500 yards in front of Wood's and Grose's divisions, and are strongly intrenching their advanced position. General Newton, for some reason, did not advance his skirmishers. 8.30 p. m., reported result of to-day's operations to General Thomas. During the night our advanced position was strengthened and strong breast-works thrown up all along the line now held by us and from which we drove the enemy's skirmishers. Lost in killed and wounded 28. Took 43 prisoners, 3 of whom were commissioned officers. Day clear and hot.

July 29.-6 a. m., received note from Major-General Thomas, dated July 28, stating that he wished General Stanley, commanding Fourth Corps, to thin out his lines to-morrow (to-day, July 29), so as to make good reserves for action, and to have such reserves ready to move at any moment. At once sent copies to division commanders, and directed them to reserve as large a force as possible from their lines. 9 a. m., received verbal message from General Thomas, stating that our lines will not be changed to-day. 9 a. m., General Newton [reports] that the pickets of one of his brigades are occupying the enemy's skirmish rifle-pits. 10 a. m., General New-

