
displays of their troops as to lead the enemy to believe we were about to attack him. 3.30 p. m., our batteries opened. 4 p. m., our demonstrations commenced. 4.30 p. m., General Kimball reports that the enemy has moved one regiment out from his main works and placed it behind his picket-line, opposite his (Kimball's) center. 4.30, directed General Kimball to continue his demonstration, but to be careful of his reconnaissance down the railroad. The reconnaissance of to-day has been a success. It caused the enemy to develop his force, and prevented him from moving to his left, the point of Schofield's attack. 9 p. m., Schofield assaulted the enemy's works this p. m., and was repulsed with quite heavy loss. Casualties for the day in killed and wounded 7. Day hot and clear.

August 7.-Nothing of importance occurred to-day in our front. No change in the enemy's position. He shows the same force and amount of artillery as yesterday. Some artillery firing and musketry along our liens. Losses through the day very small, not over 3 men wounded. At 1 p. m. received instructions from General Thomas to picket well the Roswell road in front of the breast-works. This was done two or three days ago, and such picketing still continues to be done. 4 p. m., Schofield making an attack on the extreme right of our lines. Later; did not amount to much, only developed the enemy in strength in his front. Day very warm and clear.

August 8.-Nothing of importance occurred to-day. No change in the enemy's position in our front. About the same number of troops and guns discerned in his works. We are watching for an opportunity to break through his lines. Will make the attempt as soon as they are weakened by his withdrawing forces to oppose our pressure on his left. Usual picket and artillery firing to-day. Only 3 men wounded, so far as heard from, yesterday; no report of killed. Day very sultry, with heavy showers.

August 9.-8.40, received instructions from General Sherman, through General Thomas, as follows:

All of the batteries that can reach the buildings of Atlanta will fire on the town to-morrow (to-day, August 9), using during the day about fifty rounds per gun, shell and solid shot. General Schofield will, during the cannonade, completely develop the enemy's strength and position on this (the enemy's) left flank.

In accordance with above instructions all of our batteries opened upon Atlanta at about 10 a. m., and continued to fire until between 3 and 4 p. m. The lookouts report great commotion in Atlanta, and that our shells burst immediately over all parts of the town. It is reported that General Schofield discovered strong works in his front, on our right, and that the general system of the enemy's works extend to and even beyond East Point. Usual picket-firing to-day. Two men wounded; no report as to whether any killed. Day showery and quite warm.

August 10.-Nothing of importance done to-day. Usual amount of artillery and picket firing. 5 p. m., General Wood reports the lookout in Knefler's front reports the enemy moving troops, with wagons, toward our left; this on the other side of his breast-works. At once sent word to General Kimball to be on the watch, &amp;c. 6.30 p. m., the signal officer at Howard's house reports that he has observed no movements of the enemy to-day. Everything in Atlanta appears unusually quiet. The usual picket and artillery firing to-day. We threw a few red-hot shot from the batteries in General Wood's front to-day into Atlanta. Day warm. Heavy showers during the entire day.

