
and he says the enemy made the movement of troops, but he does not know where they went. Deserters just in say that they know of no movement having been made during the night; also, he reports that the enemy made a reconnaissance along our picket-line this morning. 9.30 a. m., General Kimball reports that his lookout reports that the enemy's line in front of Kirby's brigade, of his division, has been strengthened during the night by at least three regiments. This accounts for the movement of last night. 9.50, received dispatch from General Thomas, stating that he had directed General Garrard to send out scouts and see what the movement made last night means, and that he wants General Stanley to be on the watch for the earliest signs of movement of the enemy. The enemy has appeared active in front of Kimball's division to-day, but there has been no movement of their forces from the position which they have been holding for some time past. Nothing new along the rest of our lien and no changes of the enemy's force discovered. The usual skirmish and artillery firing to-day. Day warm and showery.

August 14.-2.15 a. m., received dispatch from Brigadier-General Kimball stating that Colonel Kirby reports that the enemy are moving to our left in his front, and that there is quite a fire in Atlanta. 2.15 a. m., directed General Wood to have two regiments in readiness to move to General Wood's [Kimball's?] assistance at a moment's warning. 6 a. m., as the enemy has not made an attack or demonstration on or in front to four left it is supposed that the movement of troop last night was merely in shifting them from one position to another, changing troops. 7.25 a. m., General Kimball reports no change in the enemy's position in his front this morning. Nothing of importance occurred to-day. Usual skirmishing and artillery firing and usual results. There has been a consultation or council of army commanders, and a grand movement of troops will soon take place. 6 p. m., the railroad in our rear has been cut by the enemy's cavalry, supposed to be a large force under command of Wheeler. Day very sultry; perhaps the hottest day of the summer.

August 15.-No change to-day in the enemy's position. General Garrard has taken his cavalry from our left, and has gone off to the enemy's right to see whether there is yet a force of cavalry (of the enemy's) left on his (the enemy's) right. General Kimball extended his pickets this a. m. to the left, so as to cover the liens held by General Garrard's dismounted cavalry, but which are not occupied now. This leaves our left much more exposed. General Wheeler, with about 5,000 cavalry, now raiding in our rear. Yesterday he demanded the surrender of Dalton. Colonel Laiboldt, the commander of the post, refused. A fight was the result. General Steedman came up with two regiments of infantry to Laiboldt's assistance and drove the enemy off toward Spring Place. 8 p. m., General Garrard opposite our extreme left intrenched. Did not fight them, but returned and went into camp in the rear of the center of the corps. He does not again occupy the works on our left. Usual picket and artillery firing. Day very hot.

August 16.-Nothing new along our lines and in front of them prior to sundown. The usual picket-firing; not so much artillery firing. 8.25 p. m., General Kimball's lookout reports that at 7.15 p. m. the enemy threw fire-balls into the air at the fort southwest from his position, and he discovered troops passing a fire near the fort. They continued to pass for over twenty minutes, and at 7.45

