
commencing at 1 p. m.) 12.30, received dispatch from General Thomas directing General Stanely to be on the qui vive and to try and discover what the movements of the enemy meant, and to be prepared to take advantage of the same; also to be prepared to resist an attack. 5 p. m., Major-General Sherman dispatched to General Stanley that he now has positive information what Wheeler has gone to East Tennessee, and that he will not now move infantry, but will "break the Macon road all to pieces with our cavalry to-morrow night;" therefore you (Stanely), will threaten and demonstrate against Atlanta, and make feints of attack during to-morrow and next day. 7 p. m., directed chief quartermaster and commissary of subsistence of corps not to move their trains to-morrow. 4.45 p .m., directed division commanders to keep up a demonstration and show of force to-morrow,and to threaten an attack on Atlanta; also told them that they would not move until further orders, but to be ready to move on very short notice. Day very clear and hot.

August 18.-4 a. m., received dispatch from General Sherman, per Major-General Thomas, stating that the shelling of our lines (at present) is to withdraw our attention from some other point, and to be on our guard. 4 a. m., received dispatch from General Sherman, per Major-General Thomas, stating that Hood may attempt to pass around our left flank to our rear, following the cavalry moment, and to ascertain whether any infantry has passed out of Atlanta to the east. 8.20, received report from General Kimball, stating that there had been no change in appearance of things in his front, and that there has been no movements of the enemy so far as could be discovered. Lookout also reports no change. 8.30, received dispatch from General Thomas wishing to know whether anything is going on among the rebels in our front or on our flank. 8.30, reported to General Thomas, "no change of appearance of things on the enemy's side." No changes on the part of the enemy discovered during to-day. 2 p .m., received dispatch from General Thomas, dated August 18, as follows:

For the purpose of aiding General Kilpatrick in his operations on the Macon railroad as much as possible, I desire you to concentrate on your left flank as large a force as you can, without weakening your liens too much (by daylight to-morrow morning, 19th), and make a strong demonstration, and attract the enemy toward you as much as possible, and endeavor to hold him opposite you during the day. It is hoped that General Kilpatrick will be able to reach the Macon road at Jonesborough between 12 m. and 2 p. m. to-morrow, 19th, and if he can have from that time until 10 p. m. to work uninterruptedly, he ought to be able to destroy so much of the road as to make it impossible to operate it for at least ten days, by which time it is supposed Hood will be starved out. Similar instructions have been given to General Garrard, who will operate on the enemy's flank still farther to your left. It is also desirable for you to make a similar demonstration on the morning of the 20th, to enable General Kilpatrick to withdraw.

7.30 p. m., directed General Wood to send two regiments (or three, if he can spare them from his line) to General Kimball's left, to assist in a demonstration to be made in the morning in favor of General Kilpatrick, these regiments to take the place of some of those of Kimball, to be taken out of their present line; also directed him to make such a demonstration at daylight as he made yesterday. 8 p. m., directed General Kimball, in order to favor the movements of General Kilpatrick, to make a strong demonstration in the morning, to deceive the enemy and make him expect assault; to march Colonel Kirby's brigade at dawn over to the railroad (to the left and from of Kimball's left), where the main body of it will be held in reserve, while regiments are sent to the left and front to reconnoiter.

