
1.25 p. m., sent copies of said dispatch to division commanders, and directed them to re-enforce their picket-line, so as to make it a strong skirmish line, and to feel forward at 5 p .m. in accordance with the terms thereof. 5 p. m., there was a general advance along our lines by our skirmish line, which has been re-enforced by one regiment from each, brigade in the corps. Along our whole front the enemy was driven into his skirmish rifle-pits. (These are nearly all united now, making a continuous line.) As soon as this advance commenced the enemy was observed to bring up troops from the rear and place them in his main works, and also to re-enforce his skirmishers by men taken from the main works. His (the enemy's) skirmish pits have been materially strengthened within the past tow or three days. By our advance our skirmishers also discovered that the enemy's main lines of works have also been strengthened, and they have placed in many places in front of the same triple rows of sharpened stakes; this in addition to their abatis. We did not find a place where it was possible to make a lodgment in the enemy's main works with one single line of battle (the whole corp sin now stretched out in one line), or even where the strongest column could successfully assault them, if held by any considerable force. After skirmishing with the enemy until dark, our skirmishers were withdrawn to the positions we left when we advanced against the enemy. Did not try to take the enemy's skirmish rifle-pits. We had about 12 men killed and wounded only. Day very hot and clear in the morning, with few clouds and little rain late in the afternoon. We succeeded in holding the enemy in his works to-day, and also in making him re-enforce the troops therein-the object of the demonstration. 8.45 p. m., directed General Newton to keep up a demonstration against the enemy to-morrow, as he did to-day, by engaging the enemy's skirmishers, in favor of General Kilpatrick. To assist and favor General Kilpatrick the following demonstrations are to be made to-morrow, 20th: 8.45 p. m., ordered General Wood to engage the enemy's skirmishers to-morrow and to send two regiments at 3 o'clock in the morning to report to General Kimball, for the purpose of strengthening his left. 9.10 p .m., ordered General Kimball to station three regiments at daylight to-morrow so as to cover the ravine between his left flank and the burnt house on the railroad, and to put these regiments behind the abandoned earth-works on the battle-field of July 22; also to make a reconnaissance with a brigade at daylight toward the position where we supposed the enemy's right flank to rest to-day, and to maneuver so as to lead the enemy to believe that we are hunting for his right and trying to turn him. This, it is supposed, would make the enemy throw a force in that direction and hold it there all day, thus preventing him from sending troops off after Kilpatrick.

August 20.-At daylight this morning General Wood's two regiments that were sent to our left reported to General Kimball, and at the same time General Kimball commenced to make his reconnaissance toward the enemy's right-that is, toward the right of his infantry. The reconnaissance was made, under General Kimball's direction, by General Grose, with six regiments of his brigade, and with three regiments of Colonel Opdycke's brigade supporting his left. From the burnt brick house on the Augusta railroad the course of march was nearly due south. Near this house the rebel skirmishers were met, and they were driven about one mile back to

