
their works. These works are at the angle that was occupied by the Seventeenth Corps about 20th of July. After considerable skirmishing with the enemy, during which we lost a few men and captured 8 prisoners, our troops were withdrawn without attacking the enemy's works. There was no intention of doing this. It was not thought prudent to keep them so far out from our main body of troops without support any longer, especially as the object of the reconnaissance had been accomplished. By this reconnaissance we discovered the point where the right of the enemy's infantry rests; that Strahl's brigade, of Cheatham's division, is on their right, and on the right of this are but two regiments of cavalry. Ferguson's brigade of cavalry (which was on their right) left at daylight yesterday morning in pursuit of Kilpatrick. The prisoners taken to-day also confirm the reports of our lookouts, that the enemy is putting up large guns in the fort southeast of Atlanta, and that there is a line of works covering the south of the city. Generals Newton and Wood also made demonstrations during the day by engaging the enemy's skirmishers, artillery firing, &amp;c. Our reconnaissance and demonstrations to-day had the desired effect in keeping the enemy in his works and in making him re-enforce his troops opposite us. 1 p. m., received from General Garrard, commanding cavalry division, two papers taken from two scouts who were captured by some of his troops near Decatur. These papers were orders from Hood's chief of scouts ordering them to be sure and find out where our left flank rests, where the flank joins the main line, and what troops are on our left flank, and to be sure and send in this information, and let it be reliable. These papers were at once sent to department headquarters. 7 p. m., Captain Steele, aide-de-camp, who was on the Howard house lookout, reports that he heard heavy artillery firing at 5 p. m. a long way off, perhaps fifteen or twenty miles (the atmosphere and wind favorable), in a direction ten degrees east of south-supposed to be Kilpatrick and the enemy on the Atlanta and Macon Railroad. 8 p. m., received dispatch from General Thomas telling us to look out for an attack upon our left flank by Hood. About 15 men killed and wounded to-day. Day clear and very warm until afternoon; afternoon two or three heavy showers.

August 21.-6.25 a. m., the signal officer at the Howard house reports that no change within the rebel lines discovered this morning, and that on the rebel right, about south thirty-five degrees west, the tents (sheeting) have all been taken down, and troops are standing around as though they are about to move off. 2.45 p. m., five deserters came into our lines from Maney's and Vaughan's brigades, of Cheatham's division. They report that at noon yesterday these two brigades moved to the right of the Augusta railroad to re-enforce Strahl's brigade, which was on the rebel right. This is the result of our demonstrations and reconnaissance yesterday. The usual artillery and picket firing to-day. Nothing further of importance occurred. Lost 12 men killed and wounded to-day. Day clear and warm; heavy rain after dark.

August 22.-Nothing unusual or of importance occurred during the day. We are closely watching the movements of the enemy and for the effect of General Kilpatrick's raid. Very little artillery firing to-day. Usual picket-firing. Two or 3 men wounded. 5 p. m., General Kilpatrick returned from his raid. He destroyed four

