
miles of the Atlanta and Macon Railroad completely and ten miles at intervals. He had hard fighting; found the enemy's infantry and cavalry on the ground. He was opposed by one division of infantry and one brigade, and three brigades of cavalry. Day very hot and clear. Nothing of unusual interest occurred along our lines this morning. Lost a few men wounded to-day.

August 23.-Signal officers at the Howard house report no change in the appearance of rebel forces within their lines. A few men can be seen at work on their forts, &amp;c. Deserters who came into our lines to-day report that the enemy had nearly 40,000 veteran troops and about 35,000 militia; also that Hood is expecting us to move around his flank right or left. Orders have been received to-day from department headquarters requiring our quartermaster and commissary of subsistence. General Stanely was also verbally informed by General Thomas that a flanking movement, to be made by all of the army save one corps, would commence on the night of the 25th instant. Nothing of importance occurred to-day. Usual picket-firing and very little artillery firing from either side. Lost 5 men killed and wounded to-day. Day clear and very hot. 8 p. m., Major-General Thomas verbally instructed General Stanely to make every preparation for the movement indicated in Special Field Orders, Numbers 57, headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, dated August 16, which movement has been delayed, and that it would commence just after dark on the night of August 25. The orders from department and military division headquarters have already been issued for this movement.

Augusta 24.-7 a. m., the signal officers at the Howard house report that there appears to be no change within the enemy's lines this morning, and that there was more firing than usual on the skirmish line last night. 8 a. m., information of the contemplated movement of the corps was given to staff officers, and they were instructed to have everything in readiness in their respective departments for the same. 9 a. m., instructed division commanders to carry out the instructions given to them on the 17th instant in reference to said movement; that the movement will commence just after dark to-morrow evening, August 25; to send all surplus men, horses, wagons, and material not necessary for the success of the expedition to the rear to-day and to-morrow morning; to have every preparation for this moment made by to-morrow noon,and to place good and reliable division officers of the day on duty to-morrow. Instructions in reference to withdrawing the pickets will be given to-morrow. 5 p. m., signal officer reports that there is nothing new within the rebel lines; that it has been burning for two hours, and that our shells burst just at the fire. 7.30 p. m., sent instructions to colonel Hayes to move his trains on Friday down the river on the north side thereof; that it will not be safe to move on the other side; that he must cross the river over the bridge at Sandtown on the same day has been withdrawing from the front of the Army of the Tennessee. If this be true he may be making preparations to attack our left to-morrow. There has been more skirmishing than usual to-day. The usual artillery firing. Lost 10 men killed and wounded to-day. Day very hot.

