
August 27.-8 . m., in accordance with General Thomas' order, the corps started on the march for Mount Gilead Church. Wood's division took the lead, Kimball's followed, then the artillery and ammunition and hospital trains, and then General Newton's division. 12.10 p. m., General Wood reached Mount Gilead Church. His division passed it a short distance until it reached Camp Creek. Here he halted and formed a line of battle, facing east and running north and south, his right resting on the creek. This line ran along the road on which we marched. 1 p. m., General Kimball went into line of battle on the prolongation of General Wood's line, his right joining General Wood's left. General Schofield's corps (Twenty-third) is now on our left, and it is facing nearly in the same direction. His right is into far from General Kimball's left. 6 p. m., General Newton arrived with his division at Mount Gilead Church. He had been delayed by the passage of the fourteenth Corps trains across the road on which he as moving (this train having cut into the train which was moving on the road ahead of General Newton, and which he was covering and was protecting from the enemy's cavalry). This division was posted on a ridge on the south side of Camp Creek, and was placed in line of battle, also running north and south and facing toward the east. The left of the division is just across the creek from General Wood's right. When General Wood arrived at the position he now occupies he met the enemy's skirmishers (dismounted cavalry), and he drove them across Camp Creek. When General Newton crossed the creek he also drove them, and he skirmished with them until dark. The enemy fired a few artillery shots at us from ridge about one-quarter of a mile beyond the creek. We replied with artillery and silenced his guns. Very hot and clear to-day. Lost in wounded about 6 men to-day. General Thomas verbally instructed General Stanely this evening to march from the railroad to-morrow; to be ready to march at 7 a. m., and to follow General Davis' corps; also to move our trains on the road to the right of the one on which we march.

August 28.-5.45 a. m., published the order of march for the day (August 28) for the Fourth Army Corps:

The corps will be ready to move at 7 a. m., but it will not move until further orders are given. General Kimball's division will lead, General Newton's will follow, and then General Wood's. The line of march will be directly southward to the railroad. Two batteries will accompany General Kimball's division, and one will accompany each of the other divisions. Headquarters trains will follow the divisions to which they belong. All other trains and the surplus artillery will move on the road to the right of the road on which the troops are to march. On this road the artillery will march first, then the hospital trains, then the ammunition trains, then the general supply train. These trains will move in the order in which the divisions march, and they will be conducted by Captain Schoeninger, assistant chief quartermaster. Fifteen ambulances and five ammunition wagons will accompany each division.

8.15 a. m., in accordance with instructions received from department headquarters General Kimball was ordered to keep his pickets in position until the whole corps passes on the line of march from our present position. General Wood was directed to send one brigade about one mile and a half to the rear, nearly to the Patterson house, and to remain there for a short time after General Kimball's division passes, as a party of observation, to watch for any attempt of the enemy to pass a column between us and General Schofield, and also to send one brigade to march in the rear of our trains (on the road to the right) and to cover them. 8.25 a. m., the Army of the Tennessee is now marching for Fairburn on the railroad, and General Davis'

