
September 1.-4 a. m., our working parties commenced to destroy the railroad. 4.30 a. m., received note from department headquarters, of which following is a copy:

RENFROE'S, August 31, 1864.

Major General D. S. STANLEY,

Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that to-morrow morning early you commence the destruction of the Macon and Western Railroad in connection with General Schofield, who will receive orders from General Sherman. You will destroy as far as you can in the direction of Jonesborough, or until you meet with General Baird's division, of the Fourteenth Corps, which you will probably find engaged in the same work. Should you meet with or overtake General Baird, you will report for further orders. Brigadier-General Garrard has been ordered to cover the flank of your column during its march down the road.

Very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-General Baird struck the railroad at 5 p. m. to-day and went to work immediately breaking the road.

5.30 a. m., directed division commanders to make immediate preparations to march, General Kimball's division to move down the railroad toward Jonesborough, followed by General Newton's; these two divisions to destroy the road; General Wood's division to march carefully down the Griffin road (which runs parallel to the railroad) toward Jonesborough, and to take the artillery with him, all save two guns, which are to move with the column down the railroad. 8 a. m., Kimball commenced to move down the railroad, followed by Newton, destroying the road as they march. 10 a. m., arrived at the point on the railroad where Baird had destroyed it. He only destroyed about 300 yards, and that poorly. Went over to report our arrival at this point to General Thomas. He is at Morris Station. 11 a. m., found General Thomas. He said that he had sent General Wood from the Macon (or Griffin) road to join the rest of the corps at Morris Station, and that as soon as he arrives there for General Stanely to put his troops in column to move on and report his readiness to move to him (General Thomas) as soon as he can; gave this message to General Stanley at 12.15. 12.45 p. m., General Wood had joined the command, and started to General Thomas to inform him of this fact; found him near Jonesborough, with General howard, at 2.30 p. m. He sent word to General Stanley to push forward down the railroad for Jonesborough at once. This message delivered to General Stanely at 3.30 p. m., and the column commenced to move at 3.40 p. m., General Kimball leading, followed by Newton, then Wood. 4.45 p. m., head of column arrived at a point near Jonesborough, where the enemy was fortified. General Davis' corps (Fourteenth) was then gong into position (his information are made) on the right of the railroad to assault the enemy's works. 4.50 p. m., orders here given to division commanders (Kimball and Newton only) to deploy on the left of the railroad, and to advance immediately after their formations were made upon the enemy's position, for the purpose of assaulting the same and assisting General Davis. These orders were obeyed, and the troops commenced to form for an advance immediately, Kimball's division on the right and Newton's on the left, while Wood's division was to mass close in the rear of our line for support to any part of the same. The troops of the First and Second Divisions made their fortifications and moved forward as rapidly as possible. In front of the First Division the underbrush was so thick that it was almost impossible to move through it, and Newton could not go before this division; it was necessary

