
to keep up connection with it. 5.30 p. m., we drove in the enemy's skirmishers after a brisk fight, and Kimball's division came up to the enemy's works at about 5.40 p. m. They were in a strong place and just beyond a deep ravine, and he thought it not practical to assault them. He made a feeble attempt once to do so, and found that he could not succeed. Newton moved up as fast as possible through such thick woods, but it was dark before he reached the enemy. He had completely turned his right flank, but it was too late in the day to accomplish anything. 7 p. m., we commenced to barricade along our front. 7.30 p. m., received instructions to move upon the enemy's works at daylight to-morrow morning. At once directed division commanders to prepare for an assault at daylight; to get up plenty of ammunition, &amp;c. We lost in killed and wounded about 115 to-day. Day clear and very hot. Thoroughly destroyed about 5 miles of the Macon railroad track to-day. Took 70 enlisted men and 5 commissioned officers prisoners to-day.

September 2.-4.30 a. m., the enemy has retreated. 4.40 a. m., directed General Kimball to move down the railroad Newton to move on his left and parallel with him, and Wood to follow Newton; all to move by the flank. 5.30 a. m., head of our column reached Jonesborough and halted. The skirmishers of the Army of the Tennessee are moving out in our front. 7.30 a. m., received instructions from General Sherman to move forward; at once directed division commanders to march, Newton's division to lead, followed by Wood's, then Kimball's; the line of march to be southward, down the Macon railroad, after the enemy; our artillery, ambulances, and headquarters trains to move on the road along the side of the railroad. The army of the Tennessee is moving along the direct road to Griffin, on the right hand of the railroad and the left hand dirt road. 7.50 a. m., received not from General Thomas stating that our trains would move in the rear of our column, and that he had sent orders to send them in that direction. 9.30 a. m., directed General Kimball to leave one brigade with the trains as a guard. 12 m., have arrived at a point within two miles of Lovejoy's Station. The enemy can be seen about half a mile this side of the station, and just this side of the McDonough and Fayette road, on high ground, building barricades and constructing earth-work. The Army of the Tennessee had halted on the right hand side of the railroad and deploying in lien of battle. 12.15 p. m., commenced to deploy and informed Major-General Thomas by note of this fact. 1.15 p. m., General Thomas sends word to General Stanely that "We have Atlanta," and he wishes him to press forward as soon as he possibly can. The troops are not yet in position, but our skirmishers have advanced about half a mile. 2.25 p. m., General Thomas directed General Stanley to move forward just as soon as General Howard moves (General Howard will send word when he is ready), and informs him (General Stanley) that Schofield is coming up on his left; to feel for him, and let him know when he gets up. 2.40 p. m., put two batteries or ten guns on the right of our line to quiet the enemy's batteries; our right rests on the railroad; division commanders instructed to take the enemy's works if possible; not to stop for

