
anything trifling. 3.20 p. m., General Howard reports that he has given to his command the order to advance. 3.20 p. m., orders given division commanders to move forward. The Second Division did not make much progress (being on the right of our line), as the Army of the Tennessee did not move up in conjunction with them. The Third Division was on the left of the Second, and the First on the left of the Third. The First and Third Divisions had to move through and almost impenetrable swamp and over deep ravines and high ridges, and the Second Division had to pass through a very dense jungle. It was after 5 p. m. when we came up in sight of the enemy's works. 5.30 p. m., Kimball made an endeavor to assault the enemy's works, but couldn't succeed, as the enemy was too strong, and had a terrible enfilading fire of artillery on his line; at the same time Wood's division (Third) made an assault; Knefler's brigade got into the works, but could not hold them; his (Knefler's) loss was quite severe in officers. At the time of this assault General Schofield was coming up, and was one mile in the rear. Afterward he joined us and made a connection on our left. It is supposed that the enemy's right this evening is about opposite the center of our left division (Kimball's). Our troops are building barricades in their front to-night. 8.30 p. m., received note from Major-General Thomas, directing that to-night we break the railroad thoroughly for a distance of one mile to our entire line, and, if practicable, to assault them; replied that it will be impossible to withdraw the troops to-night to destroy the road, and that the enemy's works cannot be assaulted with success. When General Schofield came up to our left this p. m. Captain Steele, aide-de-camp, instructed to lead Hascall's brigade so as to turn the enemy's right flank, but he refused to make the attempt, as we had one brigade in reserve. There is no doubt but that he would have been able to have struck the enemy's right (we hen knew where it was) and to have routed him. Took 90 enlisted men and 5 commissioned officers prisoners to-day.

September 3.-6 a. m., received word from department headquarters that Atlanta was in our possession, and that we would advance no farther. The object of the four months' campaign has been gained. 7 a. m., received Special Field Orders [Numbers 62], of which the following is a copy:*

9 a. m., received Special Field Orders [Numbers 63], of which following is a copy:+

Major-General STANELY, Commanding Fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: In accordance with the above order, you will this p. m. send your empty wagons, sick and wounded who are able to travel, to Jonesborough, with orders for the colonel commanding the regiment which goes in charge to report upon his arrival to Brevet Major-General Davis, who is to send his wagons, &amp;c., to Atlanta in charge of a brigade, the commander of which will take charge of the whole.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The above orders were promptly carried out. The Third Kentucky Infantry, Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry, and the non-veterans of the Thirty-first Indiana Infantry and Fifteenth Ohio Infantry were sent to Jonesborough this p. m. with the train, and they will accompany it to Atlanta, all under command of Colonel Dunlap, Third Kentucky Infantry.

---------------

*See p. 86.

---------------

+For full text of orders (here omitted) see Part V.

