
termaster of the corps. Division commanders will have all stragglers collected for the purpose of forming a police guard of them. General Wood will send one regiment in advance of the supply train.

10 a. m., the enemy's cavalry are now skirmishing with our outposts beyond Jonesborough. They are endeavoring to find out where we have gone and what we are doing. Nothing of importance occurred to-day. The enemy skirmished but little, and then retired. 8 p. m., received instructions from department headquarters changing the order directing his corps to march all of the way to Atlanta on the east side of the railroad-in this, that the troops will march on the road on the west side of the railroad to a point near Rough and Ready, then to cross the road, near the new station, and to move directly toward Atlanta on a new road (that crosses the railroad at this place), and to camp at night near Sykes' house; also, that we march at 7 a. m. Day hot. During the afternoon heavy showers.

September 7.-7 a. m., left camp and marched on the road on the west side of and near to the railroad to J. Cook's house, where we arrived at 9 a. m. At this point we crossed the railroad and marched to a road, leading direct to Atlanta. Head of column arrived at Sykes' house at 11 a. m. Here the Third and Second Divisions went into line, the Third on the right, the Second on the left, and the First Division in reserve. Our right connects with the Fourteenth Crops, about half a mile to the right of Sykes' house, and our left about three-fourths of a mile to the left of the same. The line faces almost south. Our position is good for water and grass, but forage is scarce. The country is very rough. The enemy did not follow us or make his appearance. 4 p. m., published order of the day for to-morrow, as follows:

The troops of this corps will march for Atlanta to-morrow. General Kimball's division will lead, followed by General Wood's, then General Newton's. The head of column will march at 7 a. m. precisely. A section of rifled guns will accompany General Wood's division. The trains will start at 4 a. m., and they will be conducted by Captain Schoeninger, assistant chief quartermaster. The supply trains will move first, then hospital trains and ambulances, then ammunition trains. The artillery of the corps will follow the trains. Headquarters trains will follow the divisions to which they are attached.

Reached orders, of which the following is a copy:

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Near Jonesborough, Ga., September 6, 1864.

The general commanding directs that the following order be published to all the troops comprising the Army of the Cumberland:*

Nothing of importance occurred to-day. Day cool and cloudy.

September 8.-4 a. m., trains started, and 7 a. m. troops started in accordance with orders of the day for to-day. 10.30 a. m., head of column arrived at Atlanta and passed through, out the Decatur street to a point about two miles from town on the south side of and near to the Decatur and Augusta Railroad. Here the right of our line rested. The First and Third Division here went into line of battle facing south, the First Division was put in camp in reserve, in the rear of about the center of the line. Here we will rest until further orders. The headquarters established at Howard's house about two miles from Atlanta. The campaign that commenced May 2 is now over, and we will rest here to recruit and prepare for a new campaign.

---------------

*For Special Field Orders, Numbers 66 (here omitted), see p. 87.

---------------

