
Among those who fell mortally wounded upon the battle-field none deserve a dearer place in the memory of Missourians than Richard Hanson Weightman, colonel, commanding the First Brigade of the Second Division of the army. Taking up arms at the very beginning of this unhappy contest, he had already done distinguished services at the battle of Rock Creek, of the lamented Holloway [sic], and at Carthage, where he won unfading laurels by the display of extraordinary coolness, courage, and skill. He fell at the head of his brigade, wounded in three places, and died just as the victorious shout of our army began to rise upon the air. Here, too, died in the discharge of his duty Colonel Ben. Brown, of Ray County, president of the senate, a good man and true.

Brigadier-General Slack's division suffered severely. He himself fell dangerously wounded at the head of his column. Of his regiment of infantry, under Colonel John T. Hughes, consisting of about 650 men, 36 were killed, 76 wounded, many of them mortally, and 30 are missing. Among the killed were C. H. Bennett, adjutant of the regiment; Captain Blackburn, and Lieutenant Hughes.

Colonel Rives' squadron of cavalry, dismounted, some 234 men, lost 4 killed and 8 wounded. Among the former were Lieutenant-Colonel Austin and Captain Engart.

Brigadier-General Clark was also wounded. His infantry, 200 men, lost in killed 17, and wounded, 71. Colonel Burnbridge was severely wounded; Captain Farris and Halleck and Lieutenant Haskins were killed.

General Clark's cavalry, together with the Windsor Guards, were under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Major, who did good service. They lost 6 killed and 5 wounded.

Brigadier-General McBridge's division, 605 men, lost 22 killed, 67 severely wounded, and 57 slightly wounded. Colonel Foster and Captains Nichols, Dougherty, Armstrong, and Mings were wounded while gallantly leading their respective commands.

General Parson's brigade, 256 infantry and artillery, under command, respectively, of Colonel Kelley and Captain Guibor, and 406 cavalry, under Colonel Brown, lost, the artillery, 3 killed and 7 wounded; the infantry, 9 killed and 38 wounded; and the cavalry, 3 killed and 2 wounded. Colonel Kelly was wounded in the hand. Captain Coleman was mortally wounded, and has since died.

General Rains' division was composed of two brigades. The first, under Colonel Weightman, embracing infantry and artillery, 1,306 strong, lost not only their commander, but 34 others killed and 111 wounded. The Second Brigade, mounted men, Colonel Cawthorn commanding, about 1,200 strong, lost 21 killed and 75 wounded. Colonel Cawthorn was himself wounded, and Major Charles Rogers, of Saint Loius, adjutant of the brigade, was mortally wounded, and died the day after the battle. He was a gallant officer, and at all times vigilant and attentive to his duties, and fearless upon the field of battle.

Your excellency will perceive that our State forces consisted of only 5,221 officers and men; that of those no less than 156 died upon the field, while 517 were wounded. These facts attest more powerfully than words can the severity of the conflict and the dauntless courage of our brave soldiers.

It is also my painful duty to announce the death ot one of my aides, Lieutenant Colonel George W. Allen, of Saline County. He was shot down whole communicating an order, and we left him buried on the field. I have appointed to the position thus sadly vacated Captain James T.

