
Cearnel, in recognition of his gallant conduct and valuable services thought the battle as a volunteer aide.

Another of my staff, Colonel Horace H. Brand, was made prisoner by the enemy, but has since been released.

My thanks are due to three of your staff-Colonel William M. Cook, Richard Gaines, and Thomas L. Snead-for the services which they rendered me as volunteer aides, and also to my aide-de-camp, Colonel A. W. Jones.

In conclusion, I beg leave to say to your excellency that the army under my command, both officers and men, did their duty nobly, as became men fighting in defense of their homes and their honor, and that they deserve well of their State.

I have the honor to be, with the greatest respect, your excellency's obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding Missouri State Guard.

His Excellency CLAIBORNE F. J ACKSON,

Governor of State of Missouri.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Camp near Keatsville, Mo., July 29, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the inclosed order of march, which you did me the honor to intrust to me. I have submitted it to General Pearce, who approves of it and will be guided by it. Should you desire to make any alteration in it, please do so, and return it to me at once. If not, and it meets with your approbation, I will than you to have the officers of your command furnished with copies, in order that the move may be made with regularity.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General PRICE,

Commanding Missouri Forces, Cassville, Mo.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE, Numbers 22. Camp near Keatsville, Mo., July 29, 1861.

A forward movement of the following-named troops will commence from the camp near Cassville as early as practicable on Wednesday, the 31st instant. The troops will move on the State road to Springfield. The following will be the order of march by divisions: Six companies of well-mounted men of Brigadier-General Rains' command to form the advance guard of the army, to be commanded in person by the general or some officer designated by him. This force will be habitually kept about 10 miles in advance of the infantry, and will keep up constant communication with them. The three companies of Captain Harbin's command and Captain Campbell's company, of General McBride's command, will be under the orders of the officer commanding the advance guard, and will be used as flankers.

The First Division, composed of the following troops, will march in the following order:

1st. Colonel Hebert's regiment of Louisiana Volunteers.

2nd. The light battery now attached to the regiment.

