
Numbers 21. Reports of Brigadier General Ben. McCulloch, C. S. Army, with orders and proclamation.
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Battle-field of the Oak Hills, near Springfield, August 10, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the enemy, 12,000 strong, attacked us at daylight this morning. Although they were superior in discipline and arms and had gained a strong position, we have repulsed them and gained a decided victory. The enemy fled before us at 1 o'clock, after eight hours' fighting, leaving many dead and wounded and prisoners.

Six pieces of cannon were taken and many small-arms. Among the dead we found General Lyon, and sent his body to his successor this evening. The loss was also severe on our side. Our men were at great disadvantage, on account of the inferior weapons,but they fought generally with great bravery. I will as soon as possible send a more detailed account.

The Missouri and Arkansas State forces were in the battle under my command. Want of arms and discipline made my number comparatively small.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Camp Weightman, near Springfield, Mo., August 12, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following official report of the battle of the Oak Hills on the 10th instant:

Having take position about 10 mile from Springfield, I endeavored to gain the necessary information of the strength and position of the enemy stationed in and about the town. The information was very conflicting and unsatisfactory. I, however, made up my mind to attack the enemy in their position, and issued orders on the 9th instant to my force to start at 9 o'clock at night to attack of four different points at daylight. A few days before General Price, in command of the Missouri force, turned over his command to me, and I assumed command of the entire force, comprising my own brigade, the brigade of Arkansas State forces under General Pearce, and General Price's command of Missourians.

My effective force was 5,300 infantry, 15 pieces of artillery, and 6,000 horsemen, armed with flint-lock muskets, rifles, and shot-guns. There were other horsemen with the army who were entirely unarmed, and instead of being a help, were continually in the way. When the time arrived for the night march, it commenced to rain slightly, and fearing, from the want of cartridge boxes, that my ammunition would be ruined, I ordered the movement to be stopped, hoping to move the next morning. Many of my men had but twenty rounds of ammunition, and there was no more to be had.

While still hesitating in the morning the enemy were reported advancing, and I made arrangements to meet him. The attack was made

