
The order was obeyed with alacrity, and General Pearce gallantly marched with his brigade to the rescue. Reid's battery was also ordered to move forward, and the Louisiana regiment was again called into action on the left of it. The battle then became general, and probably no two opposing forces ever fought with greater desperation. Inch by inch the enemy gave way, and were driven from their position. Totten's battery fell back. Missourians, Arkansas, Louisianians, and Texans pushed forward. The incessant roll of musketry was deafening, and the balls ell thick as hailstones, but still our gallant Southerners pushed onward, and with one wild yell broke upon the enemy, pushing them back and strewing the ground with their dead. Nothing could withstand the impetuosity of our final charge. The enemy fled, and could not again be rallied, and they were seen at 12 m. fast retreating among the hills in the distance. Thus ended the battle. It lasted six hours and a half. The force of the enemy, between nine and ten thousand, was composed of well-disciplined troops, well armed, and a large part of them belonging to the old Army of the United States. With every advantage on their side they have met with a signal repulse. The loss of the enemy is 800 killed, 1,000, and 300 prisoners. We captured six pieces of artillery, several hundred stand of small arms, and several of their standards.

Major-General Lyon, chief in command, was killed, and many of their officers high in rank wounded.

Our loss was also severe, and we mourn the death of many a gallant officer and soldier. Our killed amounts to 265, 800 wounded, and 30 missing.

Colonel Weightman fell at the head of his brigade of Missourians while gallantly charging upon the enemy. His place will not easily be filled. Generals Slack and Clark, of Missouri, were severely wounded; General Price slightly. Captain Hinson, of the Louisiana regiment; Captain McAlexander, of Churchill's regiment; Captains Bell and Brown, of Pearce's brigade; Lieutenants Walton and Weaver, all fell while nobly and gallantly doing their duty. Colonel McIntosh was slightly wounded by a grape shot while charging with the Louisiana regiment. Lieutenant-Colonel Neal, Major H. Ward, Captains King, Pearson, Gibbs, Ramsaur, Porter, Lieutenants Dawson, Chambers, Johnson, King, Adams, Hardesty, McIvor, and Saddler were wounded while at the head of their companies.

Where all were doing their duty so gallantly, it is almost unfair to discriminate. I must, however, bring to your notice the gallant conduct of the Missouri generals-McBride, Parsons, Clark, and Slack, and their officers. To General Price I am under many obligations for assistance on the battle-field. He was at the head of his force, leading them on, and sustaining them by his gallant bearing. General Pearce, with his Arkansas brigade (Gratiot's, Walker's, and Dockery's regiments of infantry), came gallantly to the rescue when sent for, leading his men into the thickest of the fight. He contributed much to the success of the day. The commanders of regiments of my own brigade-Colonels Churchill, Greer, Embry, McIntosh, Hebert, and McRae-led their different regiments into action with the greatest coolness and bravery, always in front of their men, cheering them on. Woodruff, Bledsoe, and Reid managed their batteries with great ability, and did much execution. For those other officers and men who were particularly conspicuous I will refer the Department to the reports of the different commanders. To my personal staff I am much indebted for the coolness and rapidity with which they carried orders about the field, and

