
regiment of Mounted Riflemen; fourth, Colonel Greer's regiment of Texas volunteers; fifth, General Price's command of cavalry.

General Price will order the officer in command of his cavalry, as soon as he learns that the enemy is in force, to make a flank movement to our left, and the general will, as soon as the line of battle is formed, take command of the left in person. The four other regiments of cavalry above enumerated will at the same time make a flank movement to our right, and endeavor to take the enemy in flank.

All general officers will lead their respective commands wherever the larger portion of them are. The regiments and batteries of these respective commands which are detached will be led by the immediate commanders. This movement will take place in quietness. Neither shouting nor beating of drums will be allowed, and, especially on the march, strictest silence must be observed.

The canteens will all be filled before starting, and one day's rations (cooked) will be carried by each soldier. Each commander of regiment and company will see that a sufficient amount of ammunition is carried by each man.

No unarmed man will be permitted to march with or follow the army. No wagons will move with the command. Each regimental commander will leave a detachment of men too guard their respective wagon trains. The ambulances will move in rear of the army. The general and his aides will be distinguished by a while badge on each arm.

The general takes this occasion to say to his soldiers to look steadily to the front. Remember that the eyes of our gallant brothers in arms, who have so nobly acquitted themselves in the East, are upon you. They are looking for a second victory here. Let us move forward, then, with a common resolve, to a glorious victory.

By order of General McCulloch:

JAMES McINTOSH,

Captain, C. S. Army, and Adjutant-General of Brigade.

P. S.-Each captain of company will continually caution his men to take aim. As soon as the enemy are driven from their first position, colonels of regiments and captains of companies will at once rally their companies, and hold them in hand for further orders.

By order of General McCulloch:

JAMES McINTOSH,

Captain, C. S. Army, and Adjutant-General of Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN ARMY, Numbers 27. Camp near Springfield, Mo., August 12, 1861.

The general commanding takes great pleasure in announcing to the army under his command the signal victory it has just gained. Soldiers sustained yourselves! Shoulder to shoulder you have met the enemy and driven him before you. Your first battle has been glorious, and your general is proud of you. The opposing force, composed mostly of the old Regular Army of the North, have thrown themselves upon you, confident of victory, but by great gallantry and determined courage you have entirely routed it with great slaughter. Several pieces of artillery and many prisoners are now in your hands. The commander-in-chief of the enemy is slain and many of the general officers wounded.

