
scen of action the regiment became engaged with the enemy. We remained here for an hour and a half, at different times skirmishing with the enemy. The enemy then made a desperate charge, in which they were repulsed. At this point we had several killed and wounded. I then caused the regiment to fall back to the creek, as we were informed the enemy's cavalry were preparing to make a charge; I wishing to place the regiment in a position to receive them. After remaining there and resting we ascended the hill again, but did not become engaged. About that time the enemy ceased firing and retreated.

Killed, 10; wounded, 44.* Of the 54 killed and wounded, were 1 captain and 2 second lieutenants and 8 non-commissioned officers wounded, and 1 non-commissioned officer killed.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

BENJ. T. EMBRY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Colonel JAMES McINTOSH.

Numbers 25. Report of Lieutenant Colonel D. McRae, commanding Arkansas Battalion.

CAMP NEAR WILSON'S CREEK,

Greene County, Mo., August 11, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of the battalion of Arkansas volunteers commanded by me in the action on yesterday, the 10th ultimo:

About 6 o'clock a. m. I was ordered to form in the rear of Colonel Hebert's regiment of Louisiana volunteers. I then moved up to the Springfield road, and formed to the left of the Louisiana regiment, in front of Captain Woodruff's artillery. After remaining there a short time, according to your orders I countermanded battalion and moved off across the valley to take and hold possession of an eminence towards the southwest of our first position. Unfortunately, a little before my command reached the long hill a column of mounted men broke through my column, cutting off from me all of my command but one company and a few files of the second company.

With this force I proceeded to the summit of the hill and formed my men, deployed as skirmishers, near a road leading in a northerly direction. When I first arrived upon the hill it was thronged with scattered fragments of mounted men. A short time after forming upon the hill a battery about 100 yards south of me opened a heavy fire. I at once sent some of the mounted men to find out whether they were our friends or not. They reported them as friends. I sent them out some several times, and they invariably reported the battery as being Weightman's. Thick brush intervening, I was unable to distinguish for myself. However, suspecting from the direction of their shot that they were enemies, I sent two of my men to reconnoiter, who reported them as enemies. I at once charged at trail arms. Upon getting writhing twenty paces of the road I saw a heavy body of men moving off rapidly. I at once opened fire, and they fled. I at once halted, and formed my men so as to sweep the road. Another column then came up, and upon my ordering them to halt and demanding who they were

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

