
in answer hurrahed for the South. They being clothed like our own men, and claiming to belong to the South, deceived me until the greater part of their column had passed. We then opened fire on their rear. I then wheeled to the left and met the Louisiana regiment at the enemy's battery. There learning that the enemy were forming again upon the road north of me, I at once proceeded in that direction with the whole of my battalion (the other three companies having joined me at the point where said battery had been placed). Finding that the enemy had not rallied in reach, I returned to camp.

I will state that owing to the irregular movements of horsemen, I was deprived of almost two-thirds of my force until the action was over. I would further state that during the action it was impossible at any considerable distance to distinguish our friends from the enemy. Several persons were taken by my command who have been turned over. In my command I had 2 men killed, 1 mortally wounded, 1 severely wounded, and 5 slightly wounded.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

D. McRAE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Arkansas Volunteers.

Brigadier General BEN. McCULLOCH.

Numbers 26. Report of Colonel Louis Hebert, Third Louisiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD REGIMENT LA. VOLS.,Camp at Wilson's Springs, Mo., August 12, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part that my regiment took in the battle of the Oak Hills, on Saturday, the 10th instant. Aroused by yourself early in the morning, I formed my regiment, and following the direction of Captain James McIntosh, brigade adjutant-general, followed the Springfield road for a short distance to a narrow by road flanked on both sides by the thickest kind of underbrush and on one side by a rail fence. This road let to a corn field. At the moment of deploying in line of battle, and when only two companies had reached their position, the enemy opened their fire on our front, within fifteen paces at the most. Deploying the other companies, an advance was ordered, led gallantly and bravely by Captain McIntosh, to whom I owe all thanks for assistance. The enemy was posted behind a fence and in the corn field. The companies moved up bravely, broke the enemy, pursued them into the corn field, and routed them completely.

One emerging from the corn field the regiment found themselves in a naked oat field, where a battery on the left opened upon us a severe fire. The order was given to fall back to a wooded ground higher up to the right. This order was obeyed, but by some misunderstanding the right of the regiment and some of the left were separated from the left, and found themselves the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hyams, who there received your orders to march to the attack on Sigel's battery and command on the left of the field of battle. His report is herewith transmitted, giving an account of the operations of his battalion up to the time of my joining him. I remained myself near the above-named corn field, rallying and reforming the left wing. Succeeding in forming two companies into a detachment of some 100 men,

8 R R-VOL III

