
McIntosh, in throwing himself with my regiment in our first fight and in the attack on Sigel's battery, greatly contributed to the success of our arms, and deserves unlimited praise. I must not forget also to return to the commanding general himself the thanks of the regiment and my own for his presence at the head of the right wing at the charge upon Sigel's battery.

With high respect, I remain, your obedient servant,

LOUIS HEBERT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General BEN. McCULLOCH, C. S. A., Commanding.

Numbers 27. Report of Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Hyams, Third Louisiana Infantry.

SIR: On the morning of the 10th of August, 1861, after forming with the regiment and marching to the thicket and corn field, under your command, on the order of the charge in the thicket, I dismounted and went on foot with the command in the charge. The men behaved well, and received the fire of the enemy's skirmishers, returned it, and rushed on. At the first fire of the regiment the sergeant-major, Renwick, of the regiment, was killed as was Private Placide Bossier, of Pelican Rangers No. 1, Natchitoches.

After crossing the fencing and running the enemy through the corn field, where the enemy's artillery were showering grape and shell, with heavy fire of minie muskets, I was met by General McCulloch, who ordered the regiment to face to the right and march by flank movement toward the ford of the creek, and sent an aide to communicate the order to you farther on right of the regiment. In this first encounter in the bushes and corn field, where all behaved well, it was impossible to designate any particular individual of the command. Here I first noticed the fearlessness and undaunted bravery and activity of the quartermaster, Captain Theodore Johnson, in communicating orders from headquarters. Learning from him that you were separated from the command, he attached himself to that portion of the regiment under me, composed of the Pelican Rifles, Captain Vigilini; Iberville Grays, Lieutenant Verbois; Morehouse Guards, Captain Hinson; Pelican Rangers Numbers 2, Captain Blair; Winn Rifles, Captain Pierson; Morehouse Fencibles, Captain Harris; Shreveport Rangers, Captain Gilmore; Pelican Rangers Numbers 1, Captain Breazeale. A few of the Monticello Rifles, under Sergeant Wolcott, and some seventy of the Missouri Infantry, under Captain Johnson, of Missouri troops, attached themselves to my command. We were conducted by the gallant Colonel McIntosh across the ford to the valley in front of Sigel's battery, when, having deployed in line, the charge was ordered on my giving the order, and arriving on the brow of the hill, Lieutenant Lacey, of the Shreveport Rangers, sprang on a log, waved his sword, and called, "Come on, Caddo!" The whole command rushed forward, carried the guns, rushed to the fence, and drove the enemy off. Here the gallant Captain Hinson, in cheering his men, was killed by a shot from our own battery taking us in flank. Private Whetstone, of the Morehouse Guards, brother-in-law to Captain Hinson, was killed at his side by the same shot. I cannot, sir, speak in too high commendation of the coolness and courage of both officers and men. They had charged and taken five guns out of six of the battery,

