
and passed beyond them without knowing we had them, except those companies immediately in front of the guns. The standard bearer, Felix Chaler, of Pelican Rangers, Numbers 1, of the regiment, behaved with great coolness and courage, advancing our banner to the front in every charge. Corporal Hicock, of Shreveport Rangers; Private I. P. Hyams, of Pelican Rangers, Numbers 1, and Corporal Gentles, of Pelican Rifles, rushed in forward and captured one cannon that was in the rear of the first guns captured, about 100 yards, where they killed the only man that remained with his gun, the rest of the cannoneers having abandoned the gun at their approach. Orderly Sergeant Alphonse Prudhomme is reported to have cheered and acted with coolness. The color company stuck to the colors, as did the Shreveport Rangers, and all rallied to the flag.

I cannot speak too highly of the courage and bravery of all our gallant officers and men in this charge. It is impossible to say what company was in advance where all obeyed orders and went so gallantly into action. But for the unfortunate casualty created by our own battery firing into our flank and raking us, killing several and wounding many, we would have had but few regrets. Poor Hicock, of the Shreveport Rangers, after his gallant conduct, was shot through the breast, ten steps in advance of the regiment, in driving the enemy from the corn field round the large white house.

Here I beg to call attention to the gallantry and bravery of Colonel McIntosh, who conducted us to the point of attack. Quartermaster T. Johnson, of our regiment, was of great assistance, and behaved with distinguished bravery. We rolled their captured guns down the hill, and one cannon was conducted with its horses to our artillery. We were then marched back to the valley below the hill, and were in line when you joined us with the rest of the regiment. You, having resumed command, are familiar with the rest.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. HYAMS,

Lieutenant Colonel Third Regiment Louisiana Volunteers.

Colonel HEBERT, Third Louisiana Regiment.

Drum-Major Patterson, of Pelican Rifles, left his drum, and with his rifle shot the first man of the enemy killed after they had called themselves friends, thereby stopping our fire and then treacherously firing into us.

Numbers 28. Report of Major W. F. Tunnard, Third Louisiana Infantry.

HDQRS. PELICAN RIFLES, August 12, 1861.

SIR: In the battle of the Oak Hills, in command of the left wing, I assisted in getting them in position, and charged the enemy through the bushes to the corn field. After the retreat of the enemy under the charge I found the regiment divided and scattered. I then rallied as many as possible of the left (the right having been led off by the lieutenant-colonel), and on forming in an open field we received the fire of the enemy's battery, in which we lost two killed and several wounded. We then formed under cover of a hill in a field, where we were taken command of by yourself in person. In marching to join the right wing,

