
prise is on foot. To meet it, I had already, before leaving Saint Louis, dispatched a large force, consisting of the regiments of Colonel Sigel, Colonel Solomon, and Colonel Brown, under the command of Brigadier General Sweeny, commanding the Home Guard in Sait Louis. I cannot speak with precision as to the amount of force under Ben. McCulloch, but I am disposed to think it cannot be less than 5,000 men, and all that I hear makes it much greater.

It is my purpose to order the force under Captain Sturgis and the volunteers with him from Kansas and Iowa to follow the retreating forces of the State from Lexington in the direction of Springfield, and to follow with all the speed I can, and as soon as I can procure transportation, another body of the State troops under General Parsons and Governor Jackson, who are retreating in the same direction through the town of Warsaw. I have hopes that the retreat of the party from Lexington may be cut off by the cavalry under Captain Sturgis, and that the party under General Parsons may be intercepted by the command which has already been to Springfield. But if these parties should be able to unite with McCulloch and the troops from Arkansas, it will swell his numbers to 10,000 or 12,000 men; and as it will be necessary for me to leave detachments at various points to secure my communications with Saint Louis, it will be necessary to have an additional fore to repel the invading force from Arkansas, and I will therefore ask, if you approve the disposition of the troops made and contemplated by me, that you will order three regiments from Illinois to march out by the Southwest Branch of the Pacific Railroad to Springfield. This route has already been secured and guarded, and the passage of troops can be rapid and safe, and when the force is concentrated at Springfield will, I trust, enable me to repel any force which may be brought from Arkansas.

Allow me to add that I think too much attention cannot be given to the necessity of re-enforcing the troops now in the southwestern part of this State, as I am persuaded that formidable preparations have been made by the enemy in that quarters.

Colonel Blair, who is on his way to Washington to attend the session of Congress, will see you and give you full explanations in regard to affairs here and in Missouri.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. LYON,

Brigadier General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Western Division.

P. S.-I am not advised whether this State continues a portion of the Department of the West, nor whether the Department of the West, with the troops of it, will co-operate with you in this State.

BOONEVILLE, MO., June 30, 1861.

SIR: I have been too much absorbed in unavoidable business to make a report of the recent operations of the troops under my command. The proclamation of Governor Jackson, of this State, on the 12th instant, calling for 50,000 met to war upon the United State, made it necessary for me to move up the river, in order to anticipate the collection of his forces is appeared likely such collection would be made. I accordingly proceeded on the 13th instant from Saint Louis with the

