
had ever been upon a battle-field, they maintained their position for thirty minutes one of the most galling fires ever delivered upon a regiment by 1,500 or 2,000 Federal troops, besides being enfiladed by a heavy battery. They stood their ground, delivering their fire with deadly effect and extreme rapidity.

I must here mention in terms of high approbation the conduct of my lieutenant-colonel, David Provence, for his coolness, skill, and gallant bearing during the whole action, his example having a powerful influence in keeping the men steady and cool. Major Ward behaved with great gallantry; also Captain Sparks and his company; Captain Hart and company; Captain Brown, up to the time of his death, and Lieutenant King, afterward in command of the company; Captain Bell, up to the time of his death. These companies bore the heat of the action, and distinguished themselves by their gallant conduct, and the conduct of the officers and men throughout was so universally gallant and courageous, that it is hard to make personal distinctions.

After my regiment had silenced all firing upon the north side of Wilson's Creek, fears were entertained that the enemy were collecting in force with a view of attacking Woodruff's battery, which yet remained upon the ground that it had occupied during the day. My regiment was again ordered to the support of this battery, where we remained until ordered into camp by General McCulloch. As Captain Woodruff's battery was attached to my regiment, I feel it my duty to say something in reference to the services of Captain Woodruff and his battery. The execution which this battery did in the enemy's ranks was prodigious, and its influence was sensibly felt in achieving the fortunes of the day, men and officers behaving with great coolness and courage.

JOHN R. GRATIOT,

Colonel Third Regiment Arkansas Volunteers.

Brigadier-General PEARCE.

Numbers 34. Report of Colonel J. D. Walker, Fourth Arkansas Infantry.

IN CAMP ON WILSON'S CREEK, MO., August 11, 1861.

The Fourth Regiment, on the morning of the 10th, was placed under the command of Adjutant-General Rector, who remained in command during the day. This regiment was not brought into immediate action, being stationed upon the hill for the protection of Reid's battery, and although exposed to danger from the fire of the enemy, all the officers and men of the regiment behaved with the greatest promptness and coolness in all their movements during the day. There were none killed or wounded in the Fourth Regiment.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. D. WALKER,

Colonel Fourth Regiment Arkansas Volunteers.

Brigadier-General PEARCE.

