
withstanding they were exposed to a shower of grape and ball from the enemy for some half an hour.

All the officers and men under my command fought like veterans soldiers.

I must notice especially the cool deliberation and courageous deportment of Colonels Hurst and Clarkson; also Lieutenant-Colonel Rosser, Crawford, and Tracy; also the great courage of Adjutant Gordon, of this brigade, who was severely wounded in discharging his duties. Major Martin also rendered great service in delivering orders wherever duty called him; also Major Morris, who gave valuable information of the position of the enemy, though quite sick at the time; also Adjutant Trigman and volunteer aides Donaldson and Whitfield, who did great service in delivering orders; also F. L. Graves, who renders valuable service.

I mention with satisfaction the discretion and soldierly bearing of Captains McKenny and Muse, of the First Regiment of Infantry; Captains Hall, Vaughan, [and] McElrath, of the Fourth Battalion, and Captain Cockrell, Mings, Cunningham, King, Galliher, and Newton, of the Third Regiment of Infantry; also the discretion and bravery at the most trying time of the conflict of Lieutenant Foster, Fewell, Gibbs, Wynn, McClean, Barr, McMahan, Harper, and Martin, of the Fourth Battalion; also the promptness of Adjutant Hornwood and Sergeant-Major Murray, in delivering orders, of the First Regiment of Infantry, and Adjutant Beltzhoover, of the Fourth Battalion. And I must mention the daring bravery of Sergeant-Major Murray. He was taken prisoner retreating executing an order, and as soon as the enemy commenced retreating before the galling fire of the Bledsoe Artillery he mounted one of their cannon and cheered the Louisiana regiment, exclaiming that the enemy was in full retreat.

I must also mention the gallantry of Lieutenant Waddell, Sergeants Anderson and Bunker, and three privates of the Third Regiment of Infantry, who were taken prisoners the morning before the fight, and were exposed to a strong fire in front on the enemy's ranks. When the enemy commenced retreating, the prisoners mounted one of Sigel's guns and dragged it into our lines.

In conclusion, I will say that all officers and men in the brigade behaved with great courage and gallantry.

General, I will have a more extended report of Colonel Clarkson's regiment of this brigade as soon as possible, as the colonel has not yet, up to this time, handed his detailed report in.

The following is the report of the killed, wounded, and missing in the battle:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

First Regiment, Fourth

Battalion.	 2	 23	 -

Second Regiment.	 -	 -	 7

Third Regiment.	 22	 49	 3

Fourth Regiment.	 14	 48	 1

Total.	 38	 120	 11

JOHN R. GRAVES,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Mo. S. G.

9 R R-VOL III

