
Numbers 40. Congratulatory Letter from Confederate Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Richmond, August 28, 1861.

Brigadier General BEN. McCULLOCH, Headquarters, Springfield, Mo.:

SIR: The Department has received your letter of August 10 from the battle-field of Oak Hills, and subsequent communications have brought to the Department still more complete intelligence of that hard-fought battle and brilliant victory.

The Department of War cannot sufficiently express to you the thanks of the Government and of country, to yourself and the gallant officers and brave soldiers under your command, for this great and glorious victory. The whole Confederacy unites in your parse; the day and field of Oak Hills have become historical in the annals of our young Confederacy, and will be mentioned in accents of gratitude not only in Missouri, probably liberated by your arms, but throughout the entire Confederacy, whose glory has been illustrated by the achievements of that day.

The country mourns with you over the brave spirits who have fallen, but with renewed and increased confidence looks forward, under such leaders and such soldiers, to the certain triumph of our cause.

You will please make known to your command the sentiments of this Department and of the Government, in whose name I have the honor to speak.

Very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

AUGUST 10, 1861.-Skirmish at Potosi, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Frederick Schaefer, Second Missouri Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Ironton, Mo., August 11, 1861.

Since my report of yesterday, in addition to the ordinary picket guards established, one company has been sent towards Caledonia, two companies to report to Colonel Kallmann for the protection of the railroad, four companies to Potosi, the mounted Home Guards and two spies, to ascertain the position, &amp;c., of the Confederate troops.

An attack was made on the Home Guards at Potosi last night, resulting in the wounding of five of them and the shooting and taking of six of the other party, shooting three of their horses, and getting a number of pistols, shot-guns, rifles, &c.

Quite a number of marauders are reported in the Belleville Valley, northwest of Ironton, taking all the horses they can find. The party now moving towards Caledonia may meet them.

