
The picket guards have brought in four prisoners this evening, well armed. The party of secessionists who attacked the Home Guards at Potosi are estimated to number about 120 men, commanded by Captain White, of Frederickstown. Nothing scarcely can be done towards fortifying this place, for the want of tools to work with. This matter has not been reported before, because two companies of engineers were expected, and with them all tools required. I neglected in my report of yesterday to notice the arrival of three companies of the Ninth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, also of two companies Twenty-first Regiment Illinois Volunteers. I have this day appointed First Lieutenant Clark B. Lagow, Twenty-first Illinois Volunteers, aide-de-camp, and First Lieutenant Joseph Vance, of same regiment, to drill and instruct the officers and non-commissioned officers of the Ninth Missouri Regiment.

U. S. GRAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Frederick Schafer, Second Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND INF'Y, ASBOTH RIFLES, MO. VOLS.,Potosi, Mo., August 12, 1861.

By order received of Major-General Fremont, I hereby report myself to you.

I arrived here about 8 o'clock this morning, but did not find any more rebels here. There were two companies of Colonel Hecker's regiment stationed here, under command of Colonel Kallmann, U. S. R. S. The information received from Captain French, of the Home guards of this place, about the fight which took place here last Saturday [10th], is as follows: On Saturday evening, about 6 o'clock, the Home Guards were attacked by about 150 mounted rebels. At the time of the attack there were only about 20 Home Guards on duty; the rest were out protecting the bridges on the road. That brave little band of Home Guards drove those 150 mounted rebels from the town, taking several of their horses and wounding five rebels. The Hone Guard had five of their men also wounded, but not seriously. When I arrived in this town, the two companies of Hecker's regiment, U. S. Army, left to join their regiment, and took 17 prisoners with them. The town at present is all quiet.

Your respectful and obedient servant,

FRED. SCHAEFER,

Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment Missouri Volunteers.

Brigadier-General GRANT, Ironton, Mo.

AUGUST 11 or 12, 1861.-Affair at Hamburg, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, Missouri State Guard.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO. S. G.,Camp Whitaker, Mo., August 12, 1861.

DEAR GENERAL: Yours of yesterday was received about 9 o'clock last night, and gave us unusual satisfaction. I had prepared to retreat.

