
would be the case in a few days, as I was informed that the cashier had left for the rebel camp with that view.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN McDONALD,

Major, Eighth Regiment Mo. Vols., Commanding Expedition.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Department West, Saint Loius, Mo.

[Inclosure.]

PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS, SAINT GENEVIEVE, MO.,August 15, 1861.

To the Citizens of the City of Saint Geneviewe:

On my arrival at this place I found such a disposition on the part of parties who sympathize with the rebel forces as to seriously alarm the Union men for the safety of their lives and property. I deem it my duty to warn all persons who may in any way be connected with such forces that they will be held individually responsible, both in their persons and property, for any outrage which may be committed on Union men here. When reliably informed of such, I will not hesitate to return at once to this city and retaliate in the most summary manner. It will be no excuse that they did not assist the rebels. They must prevent any outrages on Union men or take the consequences.

JOHN McDONAL,

Major, Commanding Forces at this Post.

AUGUST 16-21, 1861.-Operations around Kirksville, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General S. A. Hurlbut, U. S. Army.

KIRKSVILLE, August 21, 1861.

GENERAL: Having sent forward 500 men of Third Iowa Regiment to this point, I was deprived for several days of any direct communication from them. It at length became certain that a body of rebels, not less than 2,000, were assembled at a point on Bee Branch, near Jackson's farm, some 8 miles northeast of this place, and were seriously threatening attack on detachment at Kirksville. Having waited a long time for reliable intelligence from John D. Foster as to his arms, I considered it my imperative duty to move from Macon City on Kirksville with seven companies of the Sixteenth.

I sent forward hospital stores and sick to Brookfield. I left Macon City on Tuesday night with wagons for transportation, and marched the command to Atlanta before morning, arriving there at 2 a.m. The latter part of the march was in a heavy rain-storm, which continued until 10 a.m. The march was then continued through to La Plata, at which place we arrived by 5 p.m., having passed through two heavy rain-storms. Left La Plata at 8 a.m., the weather fine, and reached Kirksville at 3 p.m., where the force is now encamped. Health of the command remarkably good. The position is a fine one. Water abundant and of excellent quality, and within easy reach of the disaffected regions.

Green and Franklin abandoned their camp on Bee Branch on the

