
laws of the General Government and not oppose it during the present civil troubles.

On approaching this city I was met by a deputation of citizens, asking security from plunder from my troops, to which I gave an affirmative response, on condition of no opposition to my entrance and occupying of it. This was promised, so far as in their power, and on reaching the town I required the mayor and city council to accompany my entrance. A part of my command was now quartered in the city, and the remainder returned to the boats, now located opposite the fair grounds, at the lower side of the town. This fair ground had been taken by the State for an arsenal, and a considerable number of old rusty arms and cartridges were found.

Our loss consisted of 2 killed, 1 missing, and 9 wounded, two of whom have since died. The loss of the rebels force is not known.

The troops of Governor Jackson dispersed, but for the purpose of assembling at Lexington. This assembly, however, did not continue, and was broken up soon after, man persons, I am informed, returning to their homes, and a considerable portion going south, n expectation of meeting re-enforcements from Arkansas. It is certain that Governor Jackson, with an escort, has gone from here in that direction, and most of his military leaders with him. I had intended pursuit soon after the breaking up of the Lexington camp, but have been unavoidably delayed by the trouble of getting up a train here and by continued and heavy rains. I hope to start soon with about 2,400 troops and some artillery, and proceeded to Springfield, and there conform to emergencies as they shall be found to exist. In the mean time I have given orders ot have this river occupied, with a view to keep hostile forces from getting it under control.

Surg. F. M. Cornyn, First Regiment Missouri Volunteers, and Major H. A. Conant acted as staff officers for me during the day with the utmost zeal and intelligence.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. LYON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Division of Volunteers, Cincinnati, Ohio.

JULY 5, 1861.-Engagement near Carthage, Mo., embracing actions at Dry Fork Creek and Brier Fork.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Captain Thomas W. Sweeny, Second U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Franz Sigel, Third Missouri Infantry (Union), with congratulatory letter from General Lyon.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General James S. Rains, commanding Second Division Missouri State Guard (Confederate).

Numbers 4.-Colonel Richard H. Weightman, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Missouri State Guard.

Numbers 5.-Colonel James McCown, Second Cavalry, Eighth Division Missouri State Guard.

Numbers 6.-Colonel R. L. Y. Peyton, Third Cavalry, Eighth Division Missouri State Guard.

---------------

*See, also, Lyon to Harding, June 18, in "Correspondence, etc.," post.

---------------

