
CAMP BENTON, MO., August 21, 1861.

Colonel J. H. HUNTER, Camp Sikeston, Missouri:

SIR: You will report yourself immediately at these headquarters under arrest. It is with the greatest mortification and grief that I contemplate your abominable management of an expedition which was distinctly ordered to be a simple demonstration to draw the attention of the enemy. I did not send you to occupy Charleston, or I would have said so. You should have known the censure that was given a former expedition for remaining a few hours in the same place, and how near they came to being stampeded by a small picket. You will be charged with incompetency to command, for making the disposition you did of your forces; you will be charged with ignorance from the manner you conducted the fight, and with cowardice for bringing my brave soldiers away from their dead and wounded companions after the enemy had retired.

Yours,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

AUGUST 20, 1861-Attack on railroad train near Lookout Station, Missouri.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel B. W. Grover, Twenty-seventh Missouri Infantry (mounted).

Official report of the attack on the Home Guards, under command of Lieutenant Colonel B. W. Grover, by a body of secessionists in ambush, near Lookout Station, August 20, 1861:

The Pacific Railroad train left California at 8.30 o'clock a.m., August 20, densely filled with Home Guards, 160 belonging to my command, 70 Home Guards from Tipton, and 60 from California. When the train got near Lookout Station a concealed body of men opened a brisk fire on the cars, the top of the cars loaded with our men, who returned the fire. As soon as the train stopped, Captain Beck, assisted by Captains Hopkins and Rice, formed our men in line of skirmishers and cleaned the woods in a very short time.*

* * * * * *

Respectfully,

B. W. GROVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, Jefferson City.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (omitted) shows loss of 3 killed and 5 wounded.

---------------

