
with the regiment of Colonel Pugh, by steamboat, for Bird's Point, to exchange that regiment there with Colonel McArthur's, and to undertake an expedition with two gunboats, under Commander Rodgers, to Belmont, to destroy the fortifications erected by the rebels, keep possession of that place, and move from there in concert with two regiments from Bird's Point towards Charleston, with the view of co-operating with the forces from Ironton and Cape Girardeau.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, September 2, 1861.

Brigadier General J. A. McCLERNAND, Cairo, Ill.:

SIR: I am directed by Major-General Fremont to say that you will, until the arrival of General Grant, take post at Cairo and direct the public service in that quarter. To enable you to assemble your brigade for future service you are authorized to establish the rendezvous at or near Cairo, at your discretion. Please assure Colonel Oglesby that it was not the intention of the general to supersede him, but that the interests of the public in reference to your brigade could be subserved in no other way. The general has been pleased with is zeal and efficiency, and had confidence the interests intrusted to him were in good hands.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. EATON,

Major, U. S. Army, Military Secretary.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army, of operations from August 29 to September 5, with correspondence and orders.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Cape Girardeau, Mo., August 30, 1861.

I arrived here at 4.30 o'clock this evening and assumed command of the post. Found that Colonel Marsh, with thirteen companies of infantry, two pieces of artillery, and about 50 cavalry, armed with rifles taken from the Ninth Missouri Volunteers, left here at 10 o'clock p.m. yesterday. A report is just in from him, stating that he was in Jackson. No enemy was found. This command took with it but two days' rations, but I have ordered to leave by daylight to-morrow morning three days' more rations, excepting meat. This I have instructed must be supplied by the country, giving special instructions, however, that it must be done in legal way. Owing to the limited amount of transportation, it is impossible to forward much of a supply at one time. Thirteen teams are reported to me as being the extent of transportation at present available. Additional wagons, however, were received a few days ago, and as soon as harness is supplied eight more can be started from captured mules now in our possession.

The fortifications here are in a considerable state of forwardness, and I would judge, from visiting them this afternoon, are being pushed forward with vigor. I notice that a number of contrabands, in the shape

