
that they have already 1,000 mounted men, that are increasing much more rapidly than their infantry. The cavalry that we engaged are armed with minie rifles, and from the prisoners we have taken we learn the entire force is armed with the same. In their artillery are some of the guns taken from our army at the battle near Springfield. To as much as any other event that could transpire. Cannot this Government supply me without delay with sufficient artillery and men to destroy that army and capture this guns? It is within 15 miles of me, with a smooth prairie between us. In twelve hours after being re-enforced I can be upon them, give peace to Kansas, confuse the enemy, and advance the cause of the Union. I have detailed Lieutenant Hollister to the command, in the absence of Colonel Johnson, of the two companies of Iowa troops, and should like to retain him here in that command and as mustering officer. he has proved himself a gallant officer.

Rumors that the enemy is moving are coming in, but I do not fully rely upon them.

I send you the last note from Montgomery.

J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS KANSAS BRIGADE,Fort Lincoln, September 5, 1861.

Captain PRINCE, Commanding Post Fort Leavenworth:

I have just received information from the advance at Fort Scott that the enemy has broken up camp and is moving to the rear, and from a deserter that their destination is Lexington. It may be true that they are moving upon Lexington, but I am acting upon the opinion that they are moving to the rear for the purpose of crossing over to the north side in detail. Should my opinion be correct, this movement places us in rather an awkward situation, but I hope to extricate myself and defeat them. If the move is upon Lexington, I will annoy them as far as my forces and the protection of Kansas will admit of. I cannot believe, however, that that army has retreated satisfied with the stealing of 60 mules and with a loss of from 150 to 200 men in killed and wounded. I will therefore move over to meet them on the north side of the Osage. first at Barnesville, and the final stand at this place.

J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade,

By ABRAM CUTLER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Instruction from Captain W. E. Prince to Colonel Peabody.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS.,September 5, 1861.

Colonel PEABODY,

Commanding U. S. Reserve Corps, Lexington, Mo.:

SIR: I have this moment (1.30 o'clock the morning of the 5th instant) received an express from General Lane, who states that the enemy in

