
force engaged his cavalry 12 miles east of Fort Scott, on the 2nd instant, for two hours. Lane has withdrawn from Fort Scott, and taken up a position 12 miles north of that place, called Fort lincoln. It is of the utmost importance that re-enforcements reach him the earliest moment, and it is presumed that re-enforcements from Jefferson City intended for Lexington have reached that place. You will be at liberty to proceed by forced marches to the aid of General Lane, taking the route either direct from Lexington or via the river and Kansas City.

General Lane has supplies; therefore it will not be necessary to incumber yourself with them. Take Captain Graham's company with you, your artillery, and leave at Kansas City such forces only as will protect that place. Please acknowledge the receipt of this, and inform me of your movements, and endeavor to communicate your intuitions to General Lane.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. PRINCE,

Captain, First Infantry, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1861.-Expeditions in the direction of Columbia, Boone County, Mo. and Iberia, Mo.

Report of Colonel Jefferson C. Davis, Twenty-second Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Jefferson City, Mo., September 3, 1861.

GENERAL: Last night I started an expedition, consisting of the Fifth Iowa Regiment, under command of Colonel Worthington, with some cavalry, across the river in the direction of Columbia, Boone County, with orders to capture or disperse all armed parties he could find, and also to take into possession all property belonging to such parties. This expedition was sent under my immediate supervision, during the terrible rain, which continued most of the night, and is by this (11 o'clock) time on its march from the river to Columbia. I hope to surprise some of the rebel camps. Colonel Worthington's command will return on Saturday. I have taken steps to secure the money in the banks at Kansas City, Independence, and lexington, and will immediately take steps to secure that at the other points mentioned, if possible.

An expedition which I sent out a few days ago in the direction of Iberia returned yesterday with some four or five prisoners, two of whom were captured with United States muskets in their possession. I have them confined. Colonel McClelland, who commanded this expedition, reports collecting there for the Confederate Army.

Reports vary much in estimating the number of troops collecting in the vicinity of Warsaw, but all agree that this part of the country is very active in furnishing recruits and supplies.

It is now time for the mail to leave.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Saint Louis, Mo.

