
SEPTEMBER 3, 1861.-Occupation of Columbus and Hickman, Ky., by the Confederate Forces.*

Report of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. A., commanding District of Southeastern Missouri.

CAIRO, ILL., September 5, 1861.

I regret to inform you that Confederate forces in considerable numbers have invaded the territory of Kentucky, and are occupying and fortifying strong positions at Hickman and Chalk Bluffs.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

SPEAKER HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, Frankfort, Ky.

SEPTEMBER 7, 1861.-Expedition to Big Springs, Mo.

Report of Colonel A. P. Hovey, Twenty-fourth Indiana Infantry.

SULPHUR SPRINGS, September 7, 1861.

SIR: As directed, i proceeded last night to the supposed locality of the rebel camp near Big Springs. We arrived about 4 o'clock in the morning. We found no rebels near, and from the best information there is no rebel force in the county.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Commanding Twenty-fourth Indiana.

Major J. H. EATON.

SEPTEMBER 8-9, 1861.-Expedition against Green's Guerrillas in Missouri.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General John Pope, U. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS, September 11, 1861.

Report of General Pope to-day from Hunnewell. Made night marches on Green Sunday night, who, however, got notice of his approach, but was successful in causing the dispersion of Green's 3,000 rebel force, leaving behind them much baggage, provisions, and forage, and the public property captured by Green at Shelbina. Pope's infantry too much fatigued to pursue. The horsemen followed in pursuit 10 or 15 miles until the enemy scattered. He starts west with Sixteenth Illinois Volunteers to continue pursuit immediately, but, as Green's force is mounted, infantry cannot do much in overtaking them. Railroad east of Brookfield is open, and no more secession camps will be made within 20 miles.

---------------

*This date is taken from Confederate records; for which, in reference to the occupation of these places, see "September-12, 1861.-Advance of Confederate Forces into Kentucky," in Chap. XII of this series.

---------------

