HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, September 13, 1861.

Colonel JEFFERSON C. DAVIS, Jefferson City:

The general commanding desires to say that tow Indiana regiments leave for Jefferson City to-night or to-morrow early; a third regiment leaves to-morrow, and probably two batteries of artillery. Brigadier-General Sturgis will be ordered from Mexico to move on. Have you forwarded the two regiments to Lexington? What other news?

I. C. WOODS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

SAINT LOUIS, September 13, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

SIR: The advance guard of General Price's force was at Warrensburg on Tuesday night en route for Lexington. His force 11,000. Unless re-enforcements can reach that post, it will most probably fall. It would be a great disaster, giving control to the enemy of the upper country.

If by telegraph a train of cars could leave Saint Charles immediately (empty), for the purpose of taking up the troops under General Sturgis, and another train could leave Hannibal empty so as to take the troops of General Sturgis and General Pope along the Hannibal and Saint Joseph Railroad to Hamilton, a point about 40 miles from Lexington, the place might be relieved by a forced march from Hamilton. I make the suggestion because of the great importance to the country of maintaining the position. It may be too late now, but it is worth the effort.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. GAMBLE.

P. S.-I learn there is coin to the amount of $750,000 in the bank at Lexington.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, September 14, 1861.

SIR: As a column of the enemy's forces is moving upon Lexington, you are hereby directed immediately to order two of the regiments under your command to the re-enforcement of that place. Orders have already been issued to two regiments in this city to proceed to Jefferson City and re-enforce your command.

Brigadier-General Sturgis, now at Mexico, will also repair to Jefferson City with his entire force of infantry and a battery of artillery. On his arrival he will assume command of all the troops at that place.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel JEFFERSON C. DAVIS,

Commanding at Jefferson City.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, September 14, 1861.

Re-enforcements will be sent you to-day. The Eighth Indiana left at 6 a. m. this morning for Jefferson City. Other regiments will follow

