
harass on the flank or rear of the enemy whilst being pushed from the east and south. Please communicate the strength of your column and the date of movement, and the practicable date of your arrival at Harrisonville.

By some misunderstanding the ammunition which was turned dover to the Quartermaster's Department for transportation was not sent to you. Lieutenant Weed will leave as soon s the ambulances you desire can be put in readiness, and will take with him the ammunition as also the men now here belonging to your brigade. They (the men) number about 20. Lieutenant Weed will write you respecting his route, so that an additional escort can be furnished from your command, should it be desired.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. PRINCE,

Captain, First Infantry, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, September 21, 1861.

Brigadier-General STURGIS:

GENERAL: By a telegram of to-day, sent to Captain W. E. Prince, of Fort Leavenworth, the officer in command of the Second Kansas Regiment has been directed to take the steamer West Wind, or any other steamer, and proceed at once carefully down the river to join you. You will therefore send a messenger up the river to communicate to the commander of the Second Kansas Regiment such orders as you may deem proper to secure a safe landing of the boat, and then make every effort to cross the river and effect a junction with Colonel Mulligan. Acting Brigadier General Jefferson C. Davis, of Jefferson City, will also endeavor with his force to join Colonel Mulligan from Georgetown by land and from Glasgow by steamer. Every effort, therefore, should be made to retain the post at Lexington.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, September 21, 1861.

The War Eagle and Iatan have just returned. The three Indiana regiments took possession of all points as far as Glasgow, but unfortunately for their reputation as soldiers their scouts fired into each other, severely wounding Major Tanner and several others, and killing three. They retook the steamer Sunshine 10 miles above Glasgow. The Twenty-sixth Indiana proceeded on for Lexington.

JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General JOHN C. FREMONT.

JEFFERSON CITY, September 22, 1861.

Your communication of the 20th, directing me to move forward, just received. I am throwing forward troops to Arrow Rock, Booneville, and Syracuse as fast as possible. This I have been doing since the 18th.

