
with the enemy if such should be their desire. It was finally, after some delay, agreed by Colonel Marshall and the officers associated with him for that purpose by Colonel Mulligan that the United States forces should lay down their arms and surrender themselves as prisoners of war to this army. These terms having been made known, were ratified by me and immediately carried into effect.

Our entire loss in this series of engagements amounts to 25 killed and 72 wounded. The enemy's loss was much greater.

The visible fruits of this almost bloodless victory are very great-about 3,500 prisoners, among whom are Colonels Mulligan, marshall, Peabody, Whie, and Grover, Major Van Horn, and 119 other commissioned officers, 5 pieces of artillery and 2 mortars, over 3,000 stands of infantry arms, a large number of sabers, about 750 horses, many sets of cavalry equipments, wagons, teams, and ammunition, more than $100,000 worth of commissary stores, and a large amount of other property. In additional to all this, I obtained the restoration of the great seal of the State and the public records, which had been stolen from their proper custodian, and about $900,000 in money, of which the bank at this place had been robbed, and which I have caused to be returned to it.

This victory has demonstrated the fitness of our citizen soldiers for the tedious operations of a siege as well as for a dashing charge. they lay for fifty-two hours in the open air without tents or covering, regard-less of the sun and rain and in the very presence of watchful and desperate fore, manfully repelling every assault and patiently awaiting any orders to storm the fortifications. No general ever commanded a braver or a better army. It is composed of the best blood and the bravest men of Missouri.

Where nearly ever one, officers and men, behaved so well, as is known to your excellency, who was present with the army during the whole period embraced in this report, it is impossible to make special mention of individuals without seemingly making invidious distinctions; but I may be permitted to express my personal obligations to my volunteer aides, as well as my staff, for their efficient services and prompt attention to all my orders.

I have the honor to be, with the greatest respect, your excellency's obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Honorable C. F. JACKSON, Governor of the State of Missouri.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General James S. Rains, Missouri State Guard.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION MISSOURI STATE GUARD,September 22, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor briefly to report that, in accordance with orders received, on the morning of the 18th of September I marched my division, consisting of 3,052 rank and file, and two batteries of three guns each, to take position on north and east of the Masonic College, in which the enemy were entrenched. After traveling a circuitous route to avoid the observation of the enemy, I took position near the residence of Mr. Tutt, and opened with four guns upon them. These

