
retreat towards Sarcoxie, under the protection of our artillery and infantry, taking first position on the heights behind Carthage, and then at the entrance of the road of Sarcoxie into the woods 2 1/2 miles southeast of Carthage. From this place our troops passed unmolested to Sarcoxie. The losses of all the troops under my command on this day were 13 killed and 31 wounded. Among the latter, Captain Strodtmann, Company E, Third Regiment, and Lieutenant Bischoff, Company b, of the same regiment. The First Battery lost nine horses, the Thrid Regiment, Major bischoff, one. One baggage wagon was lost in Carthage for want of horses to move it.

According to reliable information, the enemy's losses have not been less than 350 to 400. One of their pieces was dismounted and another burst.

It is with the deepest regret that I must report the surprise and capture of Captain Conrad and his company of 94 men at Neosho on the 5th of July. Officers and men were released on oath not to bear arms against the Confederate States during the war.

With the greatest pleasure, nd to do justice to the officers and men under my command, I must say that they fought with the greatest skill and bravery. Although more than once menaced in flank and rear by large force of cavalry, and attacked in front by an overwhelming force, they stood like veterans, and defended one position after the other without one man leaving the ranks.

With the most sincere thanks, I acknowledge the services of the Fifth Regiment under their brave commanders and adjutant; they showed themselves as true friend and comrades of battle. And so did the artillery and their able commander, Major Backof, who, as well as Adjutants Albert and Heinrichs, assisted me during the whole day in performing the duties involved in my command.

I am, sir, with the greatest respect, yours,

F. SIGEL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade Missouri Volunteers.

Brigadier-General SWEENY,

Commanding Southwest Expedition.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Springfield, Mo., July 25, 1861.

J. M. SCHOFIELD, Assistant Adjutant-General:

The general commanding, having examined with care the official report made by Colonel F. Sigel, commanding Second Brigade, Missouri Volunteers, of the engagement between the troops under his command and the rebel forces on the 5th instant, takes great pleasure in expressing in this official manner his hgt appreciation of the generalship displayed by this able commander and of the high soldierly qualities exhibited by his officers and men. The general commanding tenders to Colonel Sigel and his command his thanks, and those of a grateful country, for their brilliant service.

N. LYON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Army of the West.

