
Kneisley served his battery very satisfactorily, only suspending his fire from the exhaustion of his men, induced by the excessive heat and from want of sufficient ammunition. The effect of the fire upon the enemy was very evident and destructive. At one or two positions occupied by my command the enemy annoyed us slightly with both round shot and grape, but a slight change in position sufficed to afford adequate protection against his missiles.

At 11.15 o'clock I received the order from yourself in person to move my command along the bank of the river to the support of General McBride's command and General Slack's division, under command of Colonel Rives. At the same time you gave me instructions to capture the brick house outside of the enemy's lines of defense, known as the Anderson house or hospital, provided that if upon my arrival there I of artillery you suggested to remain in its then effective position, saying that you would look to its security.

Immediately upon the receipt of the foregoing instruction I moved my command along to the line of the river causing the different battalions to debouch to the right and ascend the elevations which protected our movement from the fire of the enemy. I directed the men to crawl to he crests of the hills and annoy the enemy as he should expose himself above his breastworks. Lieutenant-Colonel Brace's battalion I held to occupy the main road for several hours as a reserve. The active skirmishing of my men from the crests of the hills visibly had an annoying effect upon the enemy, and he responded throughout the day and night with great spirit and industry.

Upon my reaching the point known as the hospital I dismounted and ascended the hill on foot. Upon my arrival I found Colonel Rives' command, supported by a portion of Lieutenant-Colonel Hull's and Major Milton's (Callaway's) command of my division. From a personal inspection of the position occupied by the hospital I became satisfied that it was invaluable to me as a point of annoyance and mask for my approach to the enemy. I at the same time received your communication as to the result o flour reconnaissance through your glass. I therefore immediately ordered an assault upon the position, in which I was promptly and gallantly seconded by Colonel Rives and his command, together with Colonel Hull and Major Milton and their commands of my own division. The hospital was promptly carried and occupied by our troops, but during the evening the enemy retook it, and were again driven out by our men with some loss.

Leaving a sufficient force at the hospital to hold it, I descended the hill and moved along the left wing of my command, which, under Colonel Green, had united with General McBridge's command, and had gallantly driven the enemy back from and advanced position, and was occupying an advantageous point in common with General McBridge's command in a trench taken from the enemy near a mine which had [been] sprung. Upon reconnoitering the position of the enemy I directed Colonel Green to deploy his line to the left, which he promptly did, and directed that his riflemen should continue to skirmish with the enemy, whilst his shot-gun men, being out of range, should protect hemselves beneath the crest of the hille, and be in readiness if an assault from the enemy's lines should be attempted. I then directed Lieutenant-Colonels Brace and hull to move with their commands to the support of Green's position, and to extend the flank to the left on Colonel Green's front extended.

This was the position of my command on the night of the 18th instant,

