
mention for their gallantry, zeal, and great endurance. Captain Kenisley, who commanded my artillery, won my approbation by his energy, coolness, and courage. The men all behaved admirable. To the officers of my staff I feel under especial obligations for their zeal, intelligence, and courage in carrying my plans and instructions into execution. Lieutenant-Colonels Vowles and Pittman, my aides-de-camp; Capts. George A. Turner and C. M. Randolph, my additional aides-de-camp; and provost marshal Pindall, who was knocked down by a ball during the heat of the action, were all alike inexhaustible in their energy, courage, and perseverance, while the excellent condition of my wounded fully commends the skill, attention, and industry of Surgeon Bailey and his corps of assistant to my most favorable consideration.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. HARRIS,

Brigadier-General, Second Division Missouri State Guard.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Missouri State Guard.

SEPTEMBER 17, 1861.-Action at Blue Mills Landing, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel John Scott, Third Iowa Infantry.

Numbers 2.-"General" D. R. Atchinson, Confederate service.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Scott, Third Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT IOWA VOLUNTEERS,Liberty, September 18, 1861.

SIR: In relation to an affair of yesterday which occurred near Blue Mills landing, about 5 miles from this place, I have the honor to report:

Agreeable to your orders I left Cameron at 3 p. m. of the 15th inst., and through a heavy rain and bad roads made but 7 miles during that afternoon. By a very active march on the 16th I reached Centreville, 10 miles north of Liberty, by sunset, where the firing of cannon was distinctly heard in the direction of Platte City, which was surmised to be from Colonel Smith's Sixteenth Illinois command. Had sent a messenger to Colonel Smith from Hainesville, and sent another from Centreville, apposing him of my movements, but got no response. On the 17th, at 2 a. m., started from Centreville for Liberty, and at daylight the advanced guards fell in with the enemy's pickets, which they drove in and closely followed. At 7 a. m. my command arrived at Liberty, and bivouacked on the hill north of and overlooking the town. I dispatched several scouts to examine the position of the enemy, but could gain no definite information. They had passed through Liberty during the afternoon of the 16th to the number of about 4,000, and taken the road to Blue Mills Landing, and were reported as having four

13 R R-VOL III

