
SEPTEMBER 26, 1861.-Skirmish at Hunter's Farm, near Belmont, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding District of Southeast Missouri.

Numbers 2.-Colonel R. J. Oglesby, Eighth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army,
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, September 26, 1861.

SIR: For the information of the general commanding the Western Department I have to report that reconnaissance which I have directed for the last two days show the enemy to have abandoned their position near Hunter's farm. They are none confined in their encampments at Columbus and Belmont. A party of cavalry sent out by my order this morning succeeded in surprising a detachment of about 40 of Jeff. Thompson's command to-day. I inclose herewith Colonel Oglesby's report of the result [Numbers 2].

I have to report the los of two good soldiers by the culpable conduct of Lieutenant J. W. Campion, Twentieth Illinois Volunteers, on yesterday. Colonel Marsh's report of the circumstances is inclosed herewith.*

There are two companies of the Seventh Iowa Regiment stationed at Potosi, Mo., which I would respectfully request to be relieved and sent here to join their regiment.

Yesterday a party of cavalry from Columbus came up to the neighborhood of Elliott's Mills and arrested a farmer there for the crime of loyalty to his country. To-day I directed in retaliation the arrest of two noted secessionists, who were informed that they would be released on the safe return of the Union man sent to Columbus. The party making the arrest went into Blandville and brought from there also a Mr. Blake, who is charged with recruiting a company for the Southern Army. He will be sent to Saint Louis for trial.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain C. MCKEEVER,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. A., Western Dept., Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel R. J. Oglesby, Eighth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Norfolk, Mo., September 26, 1861.

SIR: Captain Stewart, in command of the squadron of cavalry that left here this morning, consisting of a small detachment of his own company, Captain Langen's company, and Captain Pfaff's company, returned at 5 o'clock p. m.,with 4 prisoners and 4 horses and rigging. He met the cavalry of the enemy at the Hunter farm, near the edge of the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

