
Numbers 9. - Captain W. Stewart, Illinois Cavalry, of engagement at Fredericktown.

No. 10. - Lieutenant P. H. White, Battery B, First Illinois Light Artillery of engagement at Fredericktown.

No. 11. - Colonel William P. Carlin, Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry, of operation October 20-24.

No. 12. - Colonel C. E. Hovey, Thirty-third Illinois Infantry, of engagement at Fredericktown.

No. 13. - Colonel I Conrad Baker, First Indiana Cavalry, of engagement at Fredericktown.

No. 14. - Major J. M. Schofield, First Missouri Light Artillery, of engagement at Fredericktown.

No. 15. - Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, Missouri State Guard, of advance from Piketon and skirmishes at Big River Bridge and Blackwell Station.

No. 16. - Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, of operations October 17-25, with orders and correspondence.

No. 17. - J. R. Purvis, Assistant Adjutant General (Confederate), of operations, October 19-23.

No. 18. - Major D. F. Shall, C. S. Army, of co-operation with Thompson's forces, October 19-23.

No. 19. - Lieutenant Colonel Aden Lowe, Missouri State Guard, of affairs at Fredericktown October 16 and 17.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel William P. Carlin, Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry, of the capture of Big River Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS,Pilot Knob, Mo., October 15, 1861.

CAPTAIN: I have to report that on yesterday evening the conductor of the down train reported to me that Potosi was threatened by a rebel force 400 strong. Believing the report reliable, I immediately started three companies of the Thirty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, under Major D. H. Gilmer, by railroad, and four companies of the First Indiana Cavalry, under Colonel Conrad Baker. To-day at 10 o'clock I received reliable information that Jeff. Thompson, with a force of near 3,000, was 25 miles southeast of Crossville. Thinking the move at Polosi a feint to draw off my main force, I sent expresses to recall Colonel Bakerand Major Gilmer, as I have not sufficient force to guard all the approaches to this place. At 4 o'clock to-day I received a note from Major Gilmer, informing me that the rebels had captured Captain Elliott and his guard at Big River Bridge, 6 miles above Mineral Pint, and that he would go on tho the bridge and wait for re-enforcements. Being still assured that the enemy design weakening this point to attack it, I reiterated my order to Colonel Baker and Major Gilmer to return, though I deeply regret the necessity of abandoning the guards at the brigade. Three regiments should be sent immediately, also one light battery and 1,000 musket cartridges.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. CARLIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. McKEEVER, Asst. Adjt. General, Saint Louis, Mo.

PILOT KNOB, MO., October 18, 1861.

I except an attack at all points to-morrow morning. I will telegraph you again to-morrow, it communication should not be cut off. If it

