
cripple you by instructions, but simply give you the objects of the expedition and leave you to execute them. It is desirable, however, that you should communicate with the commanding officer at Pilot Knob, and return as soon as you may feel that point secure. It is not necessary that you should march your force in for that purpose,but simply communicate by letter from Fredericktown or such point as you may make in the expedition.

Yours, truly,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

No. 4. Report of Lieutenant E. M. Joel, Twenty-ninth Missouri Infantry, of skirmishes at Fredericktown.

PILOT KNOB, October 17, 1861.

From a conversation I have just had with Major Gavitt, of the First Indiana Cavalry, and who was in command in the engagement this morning, I learn that he made the attack with his cavalry at 4 this morning, and discovering the strength and position of the enemy, fell back until he came on Colonel Alexander, with 600 of the Twenty-first Infantry and one piece of artillery, the enemy following and fighting all the way. He got his gun in position and infantry in ambush. He made part of his command retreat, and the enemy followed into the ambush laid for them. They suffered severely, and fell back with heavy loss. If you will attack them in the rear, and with our force in front, they will be completely at our mercy.

E. M. JOEL,

Lieutenant and Assistant Quartermaster.

Captain McKEEVER.

PILOT KNOB, MO., October 19, 1861.

The artillery has not arrived yet. I have had all the carpenters I could find working all night making frames for cars, so that we could bring horses, as we had no stock cars. I expect they will be here about 9 this p. m.

We have learned from prisoners which were taken last evening by some of our troops, who passed themselves for rebels, that it was the intention of the enemy to make an attack this or to-morrow morning at four different points. The prisoners also said that they were raising all the men between Pilot Knob nd Irondale, and are to make the attack from the north. We have four of them in irons, and one of them is represented as being a captain in the rebel army. Another furnished a guide to our officers to go and burn the bridge. Colonel Carlin had intended to march all the force he could spare against the enemy this morning, but in consequence of the information received he has retained them. Let us have our artillery, and there is no fear but we can hold this place against all the force the enemy has within 30 miles of this point.

We have received information since yesterday that the enemy has been re-enforced, and has at Fredericktown about 7,000, and at Centreville

