
his train. He then proceeded by another road to the point where he expected to find me encamped, intending to attack me at daylight in the morning, but, finding I had taken a different route, he returned without passing through the town, and assumed the position he occupied at 9 o'clock a. m.

The soldiers, after their return to town, believing the citizens, who nearly all sympathized with the enemy, had co-operated with them in their endeavor to lead us into an ambuscade, became exasperated, and some few acts of violence ensued. Six or seven buildings were burned. I exerted myself, with many of the officers, to put a stop to the incendiarism, and finally succeeded. I will not attempt to justify such acts of violence; but if anything could palliate them, it would be the deserted homes and desolate fields of our Union friends which I witnessed upon the march.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. PLUMMER,

Colonel Eleventh Missouri Volunteers, Commanding

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. District S. E. Missouri, Cairo, Ill.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, Ill., October 27, 1861.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

COLONEL: Your report of the expedition under your command is received. I congratulate you and the officers and soldiers of the expedition upon the result.

But little doubt can be entertained of the success of our arms when not opposed by very superior numbers, and in the action of Fredericktown they have given proof of courage and determination which shows that they would undergo any fatigue or hardship to meet our rebellious brethren, even at great odds. Our loss, small as it is, is to be regretted; but the friends and relatives of those who fell can congratulate themselves, in the midst of the ire affliction, that they fell in maintaining the cause of constitutional freedom and the integrity of a flag erected in the first instance at a sacrifice of many of the noblest lives that ever graced a nation.

In conclusion, say to your troops that they have done nobly. It goes to prove that much more may be expected of them when the country and our great cause call s upon them.

Yours, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT S. E. MO., Numbers -. Cairo, November 23, 1861.

Leave of absence for seven days, with permission to apply for an extension of thirty days, is hereby granted Colonel J. B. Plummer, Eleventh Missouri Volunteers.

Colonel Plummer having filled the position of colonel of regiment and commander of an important post most efficiently for over two months,

14 R R-VOL III

