
advanced under fire of the enemy's guns until the left wing of the enemy's line was driven from the field and the rout of the enemy was complete. The four companies in my immediate command occupied a position directly in front of the rebel leader Lowe's command and of the enemy's heaviest artillery, and, although like veterans, displaying a coolness and bravery worthy of the causer for which they were fighting.

The number of my command, rank and file, was 460, of which only 1 man was killed and 3 wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

W. E. PANABAKER,

Lieutenant Colonel Eleventh Mo., Commanding on the Field.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER,

Commanding Expedition to Fredericktown.

No. 9. Report of Captain W. Stewart, Illinois Cavalry, of engagement at Fredericktown.

FREDERICKTOWN, MO., October 22, 1861.

DEAR SIR: In compliance with your order of this date, i have the honor to report as follows:

My command consists of my first company of cavalry and Captain Langen's company, called the "Benton Cavalry." My company consist of 2 commissioned offices and 40 privates; Captain Langen's consists of 2 commissioned officers and 45 privates. Aggregate, 89. By your order I took the advance at 10 o'clock a. m. on the Greenville road. At a half mile distance I discovered men on the hill in advance of us, and suspected from appearances that a masked cannot was placed to command our approach. Thereupon ordered the cavalry to flank the right behind the crest of the hill, and proceeded myself with Sergeant Goodsell to reconnoiter and ascertain the position of the enemy's guns, and upon near approach ascertained that Colonel Lowe, of the enemy, had posted his regiment in and near a corn field on our left, also a body of cavalry on their (the enemy's) left, which was duly reported to you. Thereon your ordered my command a half mile to our right, to prevent the enemy from flanking us. This position we held until we were ordered to pursue the retreating enemy, which was executed at a rapid rate, 12 miles, until dark, without coming in sight of the enemy, except three prisoners whom we took. We found dead bodies, arms, saddles, and clothingon the road as far as we pursued them, the enemy apparently being in confusion. A cannot shot was fired through our ranks, but no one was killed. Captain Langen lost one man by an accidental shot.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

WARREN STEWART,

Captain, Commanding Squadron of Cavalry.

Colonel PLUMMER,

Commanding Forces at the Battle at Fredericktown.

