
the south. Just after daybreak the Second charged upon the redoubt and carried it by storm. The Third dashed gallantly over the bridge, and in 10 minutes after the first gun was fired the enemy surrendered at discretion. I lost 2 men killed and several wounded. We killed a number of the enemy and took 45 prisoners, captured 66 muskets, and a quantity of overcoats, &amp;c.

I had the property carried over the bridge, and then completely burned it down. It was a large three-span bridge, and cannot be rebuilt in months. The property was taken to the Blackwell Station, and while distributing it among the men, and in the midst of the confusion, we were attacked by a company of the enemy, and then occurred one of those bushwhacking fights which proved the mettle of my men. Scarcely any of the officers were about, and but few of the men, and I ordered them to "go in on their own hook," and each man dashed at them. In 10 minutes we had them in full flight. In this last affair we had 4 men killed and several more wounded, but we killed another lot of the enemy and took 10 prisoners. Not having any means to transport or secure the prisoners, I swore them to refrain from fighting the Missourians or our allies until regularly exchanged. We got all the officers.

This last fight having deranged my plans for intercepting a train of cars and using the engine as a catapult on Irongton, and as the enemy were fleeing both north and south, I have brought my men back into the hills to est their horses, and strike another blow in a different direction to-morrow. I have them terribly frightened, and if your forces were in striking distance, we could take Ironton in an hours. If my plans do not miscarry, I will take it with my own forces this week. The Mississippians with me acted splendidly, and my Indians with great propriety.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General A. S. JOHNSTON, C. S. A., Columbus, Ky.

[Indorsement.]

Jeff. Thompson reports two smart and successful affairs, resulting in the accomplishment of an object which has been for some time much desired.

Respectfully forwarded.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

General, C. S. Army.

No. 16. Reports of Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, Missouri State Guard, of operations October 17-25, with orders and correspondence.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT MO. S. G.,Fredericktown, Mo., October 18, 1861 - 4 a. m.

DEAR SIR: I reached this place yesterday at 10 a. m., with my horsemen, just in time to find about 1,200 of the enemy marching upon my infantry. My men were prepared to fight, and each party was deployed in less than 1,000 yards of each other, with a little river between. My

15 R R-VOL III

