
and his sergeant. The latter, a moment afterwards, was killed while mountain his horse. Harris, all alone, fired his gun twice, showering grape among the close ranks of the enemy while advancing upon him. Al last his ammunition gave out, and as he stood all alone, resting against a tree, he received orders that if he could not bring off his gun, to leave it. At this moment Brown's battalion, which had been placed in the rear of the artillery, came at a run to cover the retreat of Lowe's command. They attempted to take it off by hand, and actually dragged it up the hill a considerable distance, but were forced to leave it to the tender mercies of the enemy, as they were ordered to take ground to the rear and place themselves in ambush, while Framer's Second and Waugh's Fourth were ordered to cover the retreat, which was at this time commenced in good order. Their cavalry only once attempted to charge (while our sixes were in full retreat), but paid so severely for their temerity, that they were not heard from again, for Brown's battalion, with one volley, mowed them down as with a scythe; and here fell their major (Gavitt), 1 captain, 4 lieutenants, and about 30 rank and file. a private in Brown's battalion (Prophet by name) leaped the fence into the road and captured the major's sword, but only after he had thrown a number of dead men off his body, the bullets raining around him all the while. The enemy at this time had outflanked us on the left, our cavalry having retired too soon. but, as they did not appear in great numbers, and our men kept such excellent order and looked so formidable, though they opened upon us, their fire was desultory and quite ineffective. Our men, moving quietly but quickly, not returning the fire of the enemy, were soon out of danger. The enemy is said to have followed us about 10 miles, to where our trains had been left, but which, when we commenced retreating, had been ordered to move on, and were far on the way to Greenville when our little bank of heroes passed through in excellent order, and quite satisfied with themselves and the day's proceedings.

Drs. Gaulding and Lamden, who had been left with our killed and wounded, are just in, and report that the enemy acknowledge to having 8,000 infantry and 2 regiments of cavalry - all infantry commands being more than full. They also had 9 guns, and the whole force under the command of Colonel Ross. Major Schofield had the guns under his immediate care.

We lose 3 men (dead), which were brought to camp. The balance - 17 killed, 27 wounded, and 15 unhurt - all fell into the enemy's hands. The enemy acknowledge 400 killed and wounded, and were greatly exasperated at the day's results. They believe we had 4,000 men, no doubt judging by the disposition of our forces, which embraced as large an area as a force of that number would occupy.

Our doctors were very roughly handled by the enemy, losing all their money and both their horses. Dr. Gaulding at one time was arrested as a spy, and remained in confinement several hours. This was, however, after Colonel Ross had left and Colonel Carlin was in command. Eight houses were sacked and burned, with all their contents.

Without further occurrences worth relating, we arrived at this camp on the 27th, and shall main here a few days to recruit.

Hoping this hasty account of our movement will be satisfactorily comprehensible, I remain, very respectfully,

J. R. PURVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant Gov. THOMAS C. REYNOLDS.

