
and 1 independent company of infantry under Captain Roberts. I also authorized a battalion of infantry, under Desha[?] (5 companies), to be mustered into service, which I presume has been done, as Colonel D. informed me they were ready. It is proper to add that I ordered the company under Captain Roberts to join me here, but it has not done so, nor do I know that it has left Pocahontas. I would recommend that all the ammunition, except a limited supply for the troops immediately on duty there, should be shipped from Pocahontas to Memphis.

Respectfully,

W. J. HARDEE,

Major-General.

Headquarters BOWLING GREEN, November 3, 1861.

No. 19. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Adne Lowe, Missouri State Guard, of affairs at Fredericktown October 16 and 17.

FREDERICKTOWN, MO., October 17, 1861.

DEAR GENERAL: Yours, dated at 7 p. m. of the 16th instant, is at hand. In reply, I am happy to say to you that we are all here, safe and sound. We arrived here about 1 p. m. yesterday. I sent out scouts towards Ironton, and they captured two carbineers. Shortly after the arrival here of our advance guard a party of thirty-five cavalry made their appearance at the Little Saint Francis Bridge, upon the Ironton road, but ran away without harm. They have been seen near here twice since. All is still so far; did not appear to know who we are, or anything of our coming, until to-day. We hope to see you soon.

Yours, truly,

ADEN LOWE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General M. JEFF. THOMPSON.

OCTOBER 13, 1861. - Action at Wet Glaze, or Dutch or Monday Hollow, near Henrytown, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel Grenville M. Dodge, Fourth Iowa Infantry.

Numbers 2. - Colonel John B. Wyman, Thirteenth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 3. - Major Clark Wright, Fremont Battalion (Missouri) Cavalry.

Numbers 4. - Major William D. Bowen, First Battalion Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Granville M. Dodge, Fourth Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS POST ROLLA, MO.,October 15, 1861.

CAPTAIN: The ambulances arrived to-day from Springfield with 33 wounded. The advance of Colonel Wyman's command, under command

