
of Major Wright - consisting of Captains Switzler and Montgomery's companies of cavalry - met 500 of the advance of Johnson's or Churchill's command 20 miles this side of Lebanon, at a place celled Dutch Hollow. Major Wright attacked the enemy and dispersed them, killing 16 and wounding about 30. Our loss was 1 killed and 1 wounded. Major Wright captured 37 horses and 32 prisoners and arms. The scout first arrived from Lebanon reports about 1,500 at that place, under command of Johnson. Drennon, in charge of the wounded, reports a large commissary train on the way to Springfield from Memphis. The stores were landed at New Madrid, and then overland to Springfield.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain C. McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John B. Wyman, Thirteenth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP McCLURG,Linn Creek, Mo., October 15, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that immediately upon the departure of my messenger to you yesterday morning I put my command on the march at 7 o'clock in the following order: Major Bowen, commanding battalion attached to the Thirteenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, in advance, with his own transportation, then the Thirteenth Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Gorgas commanding, immediately followed by its own transportation and that of the commissary department, the rear being brought up by Major C. Wright, commanding Fremont Battalion. After seeing the entire column in motion, I started for the head of it, and had proceeded about 6 miles to the point where the road turns off from the route to Lebanon for this point, and had reached the right of the Thirteenth Regiment, when I was informed that Major Bowen had discovered a party of rebels - 70 in number - and had gone in pursuit of them towards Lebanon, feeling confident of his ability to cope with them successfully. I turned the column towards this point, and had proceeded about 2 miles when a rapid volley of musketry fell upon my ear. I immediately, turning towards the left of my command, ordered the train corralled at once, and at the same time met a courier from Major Bowen, informing me that "he had engaged the enemy, and that they were from 800 to 1,000 strong; that he had been obliged to fall back," and asked for re-enforcement. This same message had also been sent to Major Wright, who, with his usual promptness, took two of his companies, himself taking the advance. At the same moment I sent an order to Lieutenant-Colonel Gorgas to send to the support of the cavalry the five left companies of the Thirteenth Regiment, reserving the other five companies, under Major Partridge, as a reserve and guard for the train. The order was promptly delivered to Colonel Gorgas, and as promptly executed. The line of march was at once taken up, headed by Lieutenant-Colonel Gorgas himself; then Company K, Captain Gargner; Company G, Captain Cole, and Company F, Captain Dutton, all at double-quick; and to show you the

