
men; nothing left undone that coolness and energy could do in carrying out orders, encouraging the men, and dealing death to the rebels. One incident I must be permitted to mention. Lieutenant Montgomery, after exhausting his revolver, and doubling up his saber in a hand-to hand fight so that it was useless, not satisfied with the half-dozen he had disposed of, charged on yet another, and with one blow of his fist made him bite the dust. Such fighting is worthy of imitation.

The foregoing report embrace the principal points in the actions of my command during the battle near Henrytown, Camden County, Missouri.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient and humble servant,

CLARK WRIGHT,

Major, Commanding Fremont Battalion of Cavalry.

Acting Brigadier General J. B. WYMAN.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP McCLURG,October 16, 1861.

GENERAL: Inclosed please find supplemental report of the action near Henrytown on the 13th.

The party detailed to scout the battle-field and see that the dead were all buried have returned, and report the whole number of the enemy killed 62 instead of 27, as per my official report. Also, the 4 mortally wounded have since died.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient and humble servant,

CLARK WRIGHT,

Major, Commanding Fremont Battalion Cavalry.

Acting Brigadier General J. B. WYMAN, Commanding Brigade.

No. 4. Report of Major William D. Bowen, First Battalion Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BATTALION CAVALRY,October 14, 1861.

GENERAL: I respectfully submit the following report of the engagement that took place yesterday, the 13th:

My battalion was ordered to advance at 7 o'clock a. m., and after advancing some 3 miles our skirmishers rallied and reported a large body of the enemy in our front. I immediately ordered Company B to the right of the main road, Company C to the left, and Company A to advance. After advancing about a mile 40 of the enemy were discovered in full retreat. We followed them 3 miles, when they rallied and formed a line of battle. After receiving their fire we charged on them; thereupon they retreated in great confusion. After pursuing them half a mile we discovered they numbered 600 strong, and were endeavoring to surround the party under my command, which numbered 40 men. I immediately ordered my men to fall back. I was shortly re-enforced by Companies B and C. The enemy, having confidence in their superior numbers, endeavored to surround my command by advancing first on the left. I immediately changed my position to the left and opened

