
OCTOBER 14, 1861. - Skirmish at Underwood's Farm, near Bird's Point, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel W. H. L. Wallace, Eleventh Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant S. P. Tufts, First Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 3. - Captain F. A. Montgomery, Company A, First Battalion Mississippi Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Colonel W. H. L. Wallace, Eleventh Illinois Infantry.

BIRG'S POINT, MO., October 14, 1861.

SIR: I sent a party of 25 cavalry, under Lieutenant Tufts, of Captain Noleman's company, down on the Rushes Ridge road this forenoon, to observe whether the enemy were making any movements in this direction. About 2 o'clock this afternoon they came in collision with some 100 of the enemy's cavalry. After firing some eight roads, Lieutenant Tufts observed that the enemy were making an effort to outflank him and cut off his retreat. He then fell back, the enemy pursuing him about a mile. One of his men, a private in Captain Noleman's company, was killed, another severely wounded; one horse killed and several wounded. Lieutenant Tufts' horse was shot under him. I have sent out a party of 60 cavalry, under Captain Stewart, on the Rushes Ridge road, and Captain Plaff, with 30 cavalry, ot Norfolk. I will send you a more detailed account as soon as I can collect all the particulars.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. L. WALLACE,

Colonel, Commanding.

General GRANT, Cairo.
HEADQUARTERS,Bird's Point, October 15, 1861.

GENERAL: On yesterday morning I sent Lieutenant Tuffs, of Captain Noleman's cavalry, with 25 men of that company, southward on the Rushes Ridge road, to observe whether the enemy were making any movements in that direction. About 2 o'clock p. m., when about 9 miles from this point, they were attached by a body of about 100 Mississippi Mounted Rifles or cavalry, armed with Maynard carbines, and after a sharp contest Lieutenant tufts' report. He acted with great coolness, prudence, and courage, and both he and the men under him are entitled to high commendation for their conduct. Lieutenant Tufts had his horse shot, and Corporal Fletcher, who was severely wounded, has since died of his wound.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. L. WALLACE,

Colonel, Commanding Forces at Bird's Point, Mo.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District Southeast Missouri, Cairo.

