
farm, while your wagons were being loaded with hay at that place, I proceeded, by permission of Lieutenant-Colonel Grayson, who was in command of the expedition, on a scout towards Norfolk, for the purpose of learning whether the enemy had again occupied that place. I had with me Lieutenant Lobbell, of my company, and 34 men. I went up the river within 3 miles of Norfolk without seeing any receding signs of the enemy's presence. I then took a road leading from the river to Rushes Ridge, and thence to Bird's Point. About one-half mile from the river I discovered abundant signs that the enemy's cavalry were in the habit of frequenting the road to that pint. After proceeding about 1 mile farther my advance guard discovered them approaching, when they fired and fell back on the company, which I had formed in single rank to receive the enemy, who came forward at a full run, evidently expecting a general stampede on our part. Upon seeing my line they halted under cover of the woods and at the distance of 150 to 200 yards from me, when I ordered a fire, which they immediately returned. The firing was very spirited on both sides for about ten minutes. I fired an average of about ten rounds to the man with the men were killed and only 1 wounded - Henry H. Smith, who had his right arm broken after having fired several shots. I had one horse killed on the ground, two others mortally wounded, and several slightly wounded. The enemy numbered, I think, not less than 50; and from the coolness which they displayed, their arms, and uniform, I think must have been United States dragoons. They left one man - a noncommissioned officer - on the ground, shot through the head, whose arms I brought off with me. They were plainly seen during the fight to send off several who were badly wounded, and, as I learned from a citizen who lived on the road near the scene of action, many were bleeding profusely as they passed him, some being supported on their horses. They also took form him his horse, to replace one which had been killed. I did not pursued them, fearing, with my small force, to be drawn into an ambuscade.

The non-commissioned officers and soldiers of my company displayed the greatest bravery, many of them being without cover during the fight, some dismounting in the thickest of it in order to fire with better aim.

When all behaved so well it would be invidious to mention any by name; but I would mention particularly Lieutenant Lobdell, who was continually exposed, and displayed great coolness, having his horse wounded. Mr. Watson, of the Watson Battery, who accompanied me, and Dr. Ross, of Bolivar County, Mississippi, who has been attached to my company since its formation, doing duty always as a soldier, without pay, and at his own expense, both behaved with the greatest v,d)Kid, firing shot for shot with the enemy.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant.

F. A. MONTGOMERY,

Captain Bolivar Troops, Co. A, First Bat. Miss. Cavalry.

Colonel J. C. TAPPAN.

