
were fired in a small, thickly-timbered bottom, and probably no shot longer than 150 yards. The large guns in the bottom and on the gunboats were firing all the while, and for nearly six hours the oldest soldiers say they thought hell had broke loose.

As soon as the enemy recuperate, they will probably advance again; but it will be a concentrated movement, and, consequently, you cannot expect much help from this end of the line, for we will have our hands full, and have to trust to Providence. My infantry force is now at each end of the plank road, and my cavalry is towards Bloomfield and Sikeston, watching the enemy and curtaining any movements I may determine upon.

Hoping that my anticipations are correct, and that the columns which menaced your post have returned.

I am, your obedient servant,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel SOLON BORLAND, C. S. A.,

Commanding Pocahontas, Ark.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT MO. S. G., November 10, 1861-9 p.m.

Colonel W. G. PHEELAN, Camp Watkins, Clarkton, Mo.:

DEAR COLONEL: I have just returned from Columbus, where I have been to receive orders, so that I can act in conjunction with the forces there. The signal defeat which the enemy received thee has disconcerted all their plans, and therefore may require a change in ours. At the present time I am not disposed to believe that the enemy have really evacuated Bloomfield, although it is probable, as they may all fall back for the time being. If they really have returned, you may move northward, first to the end of the Blanton road, and when the "coast is clear" you can return to Bloomfield. I cannot, as yet, get satisfactory information as to their movements at Carpenter's Ferry, as some say they are still crossing one way and some the other. I will know to-morrow, and then will determine what to do with the rest of my forces. I could not give more definite instructions that I did, as no facts have developed themselves, and even now everything is in suspense and doubt. There seems to have been a general movement by the enemy, but the defeat of the center column may delay them a few days. In the mean time be vigilant, and I will give them "jessy" yet.

Yours, &amp;c.,M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT MO. S. G., New Madrid, Mo., November 10, 1861-10 o'clock.

Colonel A. WAUGH,

Commanding Fourth Reg't, Missouri State Guard, Weaverville, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I have just returned from Columbus. There was a general move of the enemy, but the defeat of the center column at Columbus has disconcerted their movements for a while, and has checked all their

