HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., November 6, 1861.

Colonel C. C. MARSH,Commanding Twentieth Illinois Volunteers:

On to-morrow I want an infantry reconnaissance made out to Charleston, to return in the evening. Take such number as can be accommodated by the cars, making one trip, not to exceed, however, your regiment.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, No.-. Cairo, November 8, 1861.

The general commanding this military district returns his thanks to the troops under his command at the battle of Belmont on yesterday.

It has been his fortune to have been in all the battles fought in Mexico by Generals Scott and Taylor save Buena Vista, and he never saw one more hotly contested or where troops behaved with more gallantry.

Such courage will insure victory wherever our flag may be borne and protected by such a class of men.

To the many brave men who fell the sympathy of the country is due, and will be manifested in a manner unmistakable.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

No. 2. Report of Surg. J. H. Brinton, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, Cairo, Ill., November 18, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following list of soldiers wounded in the recent fight at Belmont, Mo. The total number of injured as yet reported to this office amounts to 247. Of these, as will be seen by reference to the subjoined statement, 10 have already died. It should, however, be stated that from one regiment [viz, the Seventh Iowa Volunteers] no report has as yet been rendered. The number of casualties to this corps have been more in number than to any other regiment, and when the report of the surgeon, Dr. Witter, shall have been received, the list as already submitted will doubtless be somewhat augmented.*

The reason of the delay with regard to the report of the wounded of the Seventh Iowa Regiment arises from the fact that immediately after the battle of the 7th instant that regiment was ordered to Benton Barracks, Mo., a portion of the wounded being left behind at this place and in Mound City, whilst another portion were conveyed northward with their regiment. Many of the wounded at present in our depot and general hospitals are cases of unfavorable nature. This is owing

---------------

*The tabular statement following is from Surgeon Brinton, but of later date and more accurate than that referred to in his report.

---------------

