
to the circumstances that they fell into the hands of the enemy, and were left exposed on the field of battle for at least 18 or 24 hours. They were subsequently returned to us by their captors. Had the medical department of your command been provided with the proper ambulance train this disastrous and mortifying result might have been avoided. The only means of transportation which I possessed consisted of some two or three ordinary army wagons, obtained from the quarter-master's department. These being destitute of springs, and the country over which they passed being wooded and rough, our wounded suffered much unnecessary anguish.

I would also state that Surgeon Gordon, of the Thirtieth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, and Assistant Surgeon Whitnall, of the Thirty-first Illinois Volunteers, were captured by the enemy, and still remain in their hands.

it affords me pleasure to notice the ability and efficiency of Brigade Surgeon Stearns and the corps of surgeons generally. I would especially instance the conduct of Assistant Surgeon Kendall, of Delano's cavalry, who freely exposed himself to the fire of the enemy in his efforts to rescue and aid our wounded.

I have honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. BRINTON,

Brigade Surgeon and Medical Director.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District Southeast Missouri.

Command	 Killed	 Wounded

Twenty-seventh	 11	 47

Illinois Volunteers

Thirtieth Illinois	 9	 27

Volunteers

Thirty-first Illinois	 10	 70

Volunteers

Twenty-second	 23	 74

Illinois Volunteers

Seventh Iowa	 26	 93

Volunteers

Cavalry and artillery	 1	 11

Total	 80	 322

No. 3. Report of Commander Henry Walke, U. S. Navy.

U. S. GUNBOAT TYLER, Mound City, November 9, 1861.

GENERAL: Agreeably to your instructions, I proceeded on the evening of the 6th, in company with the U. S. gunboat Lexington, under Commander Stembel, down the Mississippi, convoying a number of transport steamers as far as opposite Norfolk and near the Kentucky shore, where we all anchored for the night. At 3 o'clock the following morning the gunboats Tyler and Lexington proceeded down the river with the intention of engaging the enemy at Iron Banks, but after ruining a short distance we were met by such a dense fog as to render any further progress hazardous and unfeasible. We therefore rounded to, and returned to the point from whence we started. I received your special order, and at 6 o'clock we all started, the two gunboats taking the lead. We proceeded to the extreme end of Lucas Bend, where I supposed we were out of the range of their guns. After your troops were disembarked and under marching orders, about 8.30 o'clock, the two gunboats proceeded to engage the batteries on Iron Banks. We each

