
the Twenty-ninth Illinois Regiment, who had, upon my invitation, kindly joined my staff. Our men pressed vigorously upon the enemy and drove him back, his cavalry leaving that part of the field and not appearing again until attacked by Captain Dollins on the river bank below his encampment some time after and chased out of sight. Advancing about a quarter of a mile farther, this force again came up with the enemy, who by this time had been re-enforced in this part of the field, as I since learn, by three regiments and a company of cavalry. Thus strengthened, he attempted to turn our left flank, but ordering Colonel Logan to extend the line of battle by a flank movement, and bringing up a section of Taylor's battery, commanded by First Lieutenant P. H. White, under the direction of Captain Schwartz, to cover the space thus left between the Thirtieth and Thirty-first, the attempt was frustrated.

Having completed this disposition, we again opened a deadly fire from both infantry and artillery, and after a desperate resistance drove the enemy back the third time, forcing him to seek cover among thick woods and brush, protected by the heavy guns at Columbus. In this struggle, while leading the charge, I received a ball in one of my holsters, which failed of harm by striking a pistol. Here Colonels Fouke and Logan urged on their men by the most energetic appeals. Here Captain Dresser's horse was shot under him, while Captain Schwartz's horse watt wince wounded. Here the projectiles from the enemy's heavy guns at Columbus, and their artillery at Belmont, crashed through the woods over and among us. Here, again, all my staff who were with me displayed the greatest intrepidity and activity, and here, too, many of our officers and privates were killed or wounded. Nor should I omit to add that this gallant conduct was stimulated by your presence and inspired by your example. Here your horse was shot under you.

While this struggle was going on, a tremendous fire from the Twenty-seventh, which had, under the skillful guidance of Colonel Buford, approached the abatis on the right and rear of the tents, was heard. About the same time the Seventh and Twenty-second, which had passed the rear of the Thirtieth and Thirty-first, hastened up, and closing the space between them and the Twenty-seventh, poured a deadly fire upon the enemy. A combined movement was now made upon three sides of the enemy's defenses, and driving him across them, we followed upon his heels into the clear space around his camp. The Twenty-seventh was the first seen by me entering upon this ground. I called the attention of the other regiments to the fact, and the whole line was quickened with eager and impatient emulation. In a few minutes our entire force was within the inclosure. Under the skillful direction of Captain Schwartz, Captain Taylor now brought up his battery within 300 yards of the enemy's tents, and opened fire upon them. The enemy fled with precipitation from the tents, and took shelter behind some buildings near the river and into the woods above the camp, under cover of his batteries at Columbus. Near this battery I met Colonel Dougherty, who was leading the Seventh and Twenty-second through the open space towards the tents. At the same time our lines upon the right and left were pressing up to the line of fire from our battery, which now ceased firing, and our men rushed forward among the tents and towards some buildings near the river.

Passing over to the right of the camp, I met with Colonel Buford for the first time since his arduous and perilous detour around the pond, and congratulated him upon the eagerness of his men to be the first to pass the enemy's works. During the execution of this movement Captain Alexander Bielaski, one of my aides-de-camp, who had accompanied

