
men), both officers and privates, bore themselves with calmness and gallantry, and halting at the edge of the timber reformed and passed through in good order to the prairie on the south side of the creek. Every officer and private in the whole column, as yourself can testify, were ready to obey any call you might give them.

After crossing over on the south side of the timber and gaining the prairie the whole column was halted, and remained there for some time. In a short while Captain Dook, with his company, regained his regiment, and the whole column, moving forward, keeping the course of the enemy, after a march of some 4 miles, was halted, in order that you might cross over and confer with those in command of our army on the left of us, you leaving instructions not ot move until you should appear in person or send orders. Before your return to my command the column was marched forward in order to intercept the enemy at or before he should march to Carthage, which movement afterwards met with your approbation.

In a very short while you overtook us a the second creek, and the command was marched rapidly forward between the second creek and Spring River; the cannon of the Federal forces again opened upon us. After crossing Spring River, when within about a mile and a half of Carthage, the firing of cannon of the Federal forces again opened upon us. After crossing Spring River, when within about a mile and a half of Carthage, the firing of cannon was heard in the direction of the town, and the command was by you then marched as quickly as possible towards that point. When within about a mile of Carthage, by your order we dismounted in the road, and, forming in line, entered the town, but too late to engage in any action.

I have further to report to you that all of the men in my regiment who left in the morning with Lieutenant-Colonel White who could procure arms and ammunition did so, and then acted throughout the day with the forces on the left. Captain Moore, of Company C; Lieutenant-Colonel Graves,

------

Leaky, and 27 privates; Captain Smith, of Company E; Lieutenants Ferly, Williams, and Bennett, with his 6 privates; Captain Bryant and Lieutenant Campbell, of Company F, with 4 privates; Lieutenant Martin, of Company G, with 2 privates; Lieutenant Brookoust, of Company H, with 12 privates, and Lieutenant Williams, of Company A, they being all who could procure arms and ammunition, with Lieutenant-Colonel White, I am informed, did gallant service in different parts of the field.

In the affair at Carthage Captain Moore was injure and Private Lewis Highly severely wounded.

I have great pleasure in stating to you that the officer and privates of my regiment and the officers and privates of the whole brigade while under my immediate command obeyed with promptness any order given by you, and conducted themselves with the courage and steadiness of true soldiers.

I have further to say that the whole number of men, officers and privates, of my regiment that took part in the affair of the 5th instant was 181.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. L. Y. PEYTON,

Colonel, Commanding Third Reg't Cav., Second Div. Mo. S. G.

Brigadier General JAMES S. RAINS,

Commanding Eight Division Missouri State Guard.

