
arms, many of which could not be discharged, and others bursting in use, they fought an enemy in woods with which he was familiar, behind defensive works which he had been preparing for months, in the face of a battery at Belmont and under his heavy guns at Columbus, and, although numbering three or four to our one, beat him, capturing several stand of his colors, destroying his camp, and carrying off a large amount of property already mentioned. From his own semi-official accounts, his loss was 600 killed, wounded, and missing, including among the killed and wounded a number of officers, and probably among the missing 155 prisoners, who were brought to this post.

To mention all who did well would include every man in my command who came under my personal notice. Both officers and privates did their whole duty, nobly sustaining the enviable character of Americans and Illinoisans. They shed new lust upon the flag of their country by upholding it in triumph amid the shock of battle and the din of arms. The blood they so freely poured out proved their devotion to their country, and serves to hallow a just cause with glorious recollections. Their success was that of citizen soldiers.

Major Brayman, Captains Schwartz and Dresser, and Lieutenants Eddy and Babcock, all members of my staff, are entitled to my gratitude for the zeal and alacrity with which they bore many orders in the face of danger and discharged all their duties in the field. Colonels Buford, Fouke, and Logan repeatedly led their regiments to the charge, and as often drove the enemy back in confusion, thus inspiring their men with kindred ardor and largely contributing to the success of the day. Colonel Logan's admirable tactics not only foiled the frequent attempts of the enemy to flank him, but secured a steady advance towards the enemy's camp. Colonel Fouke and his command, exposed throughout to a galling fire from the enemy, never ceased to press forward. His march was marked by the killed and wounded of the foe, mingled with many of his own men. Accomplishing a difficult circuit, Colonel Buford, active, eager, and emulous, was the first to throw his men within the enemy's defenses. Captain Taylor and Lieutenant White managed the battery attached to my command with admirable skill and most successful effect. Captain J. J. Dollins, with his company of cavalry, displayed unsurpassed activity and daring. Having been early detached from his regiment [the Thirty-first], he found his way, in company with the Twenty-seventh, to the enemy's camp on the lower side, charging his line with an impetuosity characteristic of himself and his brave followers.

Our victory, though signal and extraordinary, cost many valuable lives.

Of the Twenty-seventh, 11 were killed, 42 wounded, and 28 are missing. Among the wounded was Captain Schmitt, already honorably mentioned, and Lieutenant William Shipley, of Company A, a gallant and promising young officer, who has since died.

Of the Thirtieth, 9 were killed, 27 wounded, and 8 are missing. Among the killed is Captain Thomas G. Marckley, of Company D, a brave and valuable officer, who died true to his trust.

Major Thomas McClurken, an accomplished and efficient officer, whose services were conspicuous on the field, was severely, and I fear mortally, wounded.

Of the Thirty-first, 10 were killed, 61 wounded, and 4 are missing. Captain John W. Rigby, of Company F, a veteran and faithful officer, being among the wounded; also Capts. William A. Looney, of Company

