
C, and Alexander S. Somerville, of Company K, both bold and exemplary officers.

Of Dollins' cavalry, 1 was killed and 2 wounded.

Of Taylor's battery of light artillery, 5 were wounded; among when was First Sergt. Charles W. Everett.

In closing this report, unavoidably somewhat imperfect, I cannot refrain from bearing testimony to the gallantry and good conduct of every arm of your whole force. Each did well; and, rejoicing in it, I cannot but sympathize in the just pride with which their valor has inspired you as their victorious commander.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding District Southeast Missouri.

No. 5. Report of Colonel Napoleon B. Buford, Twenty-seventh Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH REG'T ILL. VOLS., Cairo, November 9, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part which my regiment took in the battle of Belmont on the 7th instant. The regiment, numbering 720 rank and file, were on board the steamer Montgomery at 4 o'clock p.m. of the 6th instant, which landed on the Kentucky shore at foot of Island No. 1 to await the following daybreak, at which time we steamed down the river to a point on the Missouri shore, in full view of the batteries at Columbus, Ky., and at 7 o'clock a.m. I landed the regiment, and took up the position assigned me by yourself on the right of the First Brigade, which was parallel to a bayou, which was in some places dry and in others impassable, and directly opposite one of the roads to Belmont, at the distance of 1 1/4 miles from the enemy's camp. I immediately advanced the first platoon of Company A, under the command of Captain Schmitt and Lieutenant Shipley, across the bayou into the woods, to ascertain the nature of the ground and discover the position of the enemy, whose drums were distinctly heard. The detachment had advanced only 100 yards before they were fired upon by a body of cavalry, which they repulsed. As soon as the firing was heard I advanced the remainder of Schmitt's company, and supported them with the whole regiment, which I caused to cross the bayou. Schmitt's company, having advanced about 200 yards farther, were again fired upon by a larger body of cavalry, wounding one of his men, which he gallantly repulsed a second time. At this time, by your orders, Colonel Fouke brought up his regiment to my support, which he quickly formed on my left, and sent out two of his companies as skirmishers. It was here that you found me in advance of the place assigned me, and as the artillery and the other regiments, not of your brigade, had not yet come up, by your orders I moved back to the right of my first position, with Fouke's and Logan's regiments all formed in line of battle.

While waiting for the arrival of Taylor's battery, my regiment was advanced half a mile to the right, and companies A and B sent forward under the command of Captain Schmitt, with orders to feel the enemy and engage him if found in that direction. Taylor's battery having arrived, the whole attacking force, with the exception of my regiment, moved forward on the direct road to Belmont, and the engagement

