
field from where the first engagement took place. I ordered Companies I and K to form on the left and Company A on the right of my command. I then gave Colonel White command of the left wing, and he performed his part of the work nobly. The enemy opened a heavy fire on my whole line from behind a depression that had been made at some time by the river. Several of my men were then wounded and two killed. We returned the fire, and advanced some distance, perhaps fifty paces, where we took cover from trees, logs, and underbrush. Then we opened a fire on the enemy, which was returned. Captain Looney and Captain Riggby were then wounded while fighting gallantly by their men. I ordered the men to lie down. Many of them did so, letting their returned fire pass over the line. The enemy soon gave way, and retreated some hundred yards. I was then ordered to cease firing by General Grant until the enemy's position could be ascertained. We now formed in as good a line as we could in the timber and brush, when the enemy again opened on my line a deadly fire, killing several of my men and wounding some twenty.

The engagement then lasted for some length of time, and was really terrific. At one time then I thought they were outflanking us. I extended my line a little more to the left, in the dircetion of the river. The engagement was continued at the distance of 300 yards, we advancing and they gradually receding. About this time an order was given by General McClernand to advance along the line. I then ordered my whole command to charge the enemy. This charge was made with a will and a yell that sent the enemy in confusion to their boats, many of them falling on the way. In this charge, sir, I must be permitted to say that the officers and men maintained as good a line and executed the command as well as could have been done by veteran troops. We drove the enemy from us until they disappeared under cover of fallen timber, protecting their retreat to their boats. I then moved by the right flank until we came to the open field in front of the camp at Belmont, then connecting with Colonel Fouke's command, who were formed in a depression on the right of the fallen timber in front of the encampment. A captain of the Iowa Seventh fought bravely with me during most of the engagement, he being detached from his command.

I then formed a line of battle on a high piece of ground overlooking the camp. I saw Colonel Buford's men down by the fallen timber down the river from the camp. I rode down to Colonel Fouke, and told him that we must charge the camp. He said that he would make the charge in connection with me. At this time I saw Captain Bielaski take the American flag and start with it, supported by Company A, Captain Rees' company, and two companies of the Seventh Iowa, who had gone through in advance of my regiment all the way in skirmish fight. Captain Bielaski was then killed while planting the flag of our Union in their encampment. A braver man never fell on a field of battle. I then gave command to my regiment to follow me, and they did so with a yell and a will, Colonel Fouke's regiment forming the left in the charge. In this charge I saw General McClernand, with had in hand, leading as gallant a charge as ever was made by any troops unskilled in the arts of war. In this charge on the enemy I observed Captain Brooks', Captain Parke's, and a portion of another company of Colonel Buford's regiment doing gallant service. Then the battle was hot, but for a moment. The enemy fled, and the day was ours. The flag of the enemy was cut down by E. D. Winters, of Company A, Thirty-first Regiment. In cutting it down he was wounded, as I am

