
commanded Company I, and Lieutenant Ream, Company C, mortally wounded. Among my officers more or less severely wounded you will find the name of Major Rice, Captains Harper, Parrott, Kittredge, and Gardner, and First Lieutenant De Heus, who commanded Company A, of whose bravery I desire to speak in the most emphatic manner. I desire also to direct your attention to Captain Crabb, who was taken prisoner, and who behaved in the bravest manner. But I might go on in this way and name nearly all my entire command, for they all behaved like heroes; but thee is one or two more I feel it my duty to name as deserving special mention-Lieutenant Boler, adjutant of the regiment, and Lieutenant Estle, whose conduct was worthy of all praise, and Private Lawrence Trigg, whose thigh was broken and he left on the field. He was taken prisoner and his leg amputated, but he died the same day, telling his captors with his dying breath that if he ever recovered to be able to move he would shoulder his musket again in his country's cause. Under cover of the fire of the gunboats we finally reached our boat between 5 and 6 o'clock, and about 8 o'clock arrived in Cairo.

My entire loss in killed, wounded, prisoners, and missing is s follows, out of an aggregate somewhat over 400: Killed, 51; died of wounds, 3; missing, 10; prisoners, 39; wounded, 124. Total, 227.

With high esteem, permit me to subscribe myself, general, your obedient servant,

J. G. LAUMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Regiment Iowa Volunteers.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cairo, Ill.

No. 12. Report of Captain Benjamin Crabb, Seventh Iowa Infantry.

WASHINGTON, IOWA, August 1, 1862.

SIR: After a long absence in Southern prisons, I have been privileged to return to my home, though in a very bad state of health, on account of close confinement and poor food.

I have had the pleasure of reading your report of the part the Seventh Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry took in the battle of Belmont, Mo. I am sorry to say it was out of my power to make a report at the time of the part Company H [the company I had the honor of commanding] took in said engagement. I ask the privilege of making a small addition to your report, and that it may be made a supplement to the same.

While the regiment was in line of battle at "the dry slough in front of heavy timber," at the time your ordered Company B, Captain Gardner, to advance as skirmishers, Company H, myself commanding, was also ordered forward on like duty. Companies B and H advanced in skirmish line together until they arrived at a small corn field some half mile in advance of the main line, where they became separated. Company H continued to advance. Just beyond the corn field we encountered a rebel company of skirmishers, and immediately engaged them, driving them before us entirely from the woods [through which we were advancing] into the open field of Belmont, where they disappeared beyond a long ridge in the middle of the open field. We were about 80 yards in their rear, just at the edge of the timber. We were in the act of pursuit, when the rebels, who were lying behind this ridge, arose and

