
fired upon us with musketry and artillery. We then fell back under a heavy fire until we met the regiment advancing to our support, when we joined it.

We lost one man killed while skirmishing [John C. Temple], and we believe the first man killed that day. After the destruction of the enemy's camp and the regiment was ordered to retreat, a part of Company H, by my orders, drew one of the enemy's guns across the field to near the timber, when, finding it impossible to proceed with it farther [being surrounded on all sides by the enemy], we reluctantly abandoned it. I was captured soon after this.

I have the honor to remain, yours, &amp;c.,

B. CRABB,

Captain Company H, Seventh Regiment Iowa Vol. Infantry.

Brigadier General J. G. LAUMAN,

Late Colonel Seventh Iowa Infantry.

No. 13. Reports of Brigadier General Charles F. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding at Paducah, Ky., of demonstration upon Columbus, Ky.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Paducah, Ky., November 7, 1861.

SIR: I report, for the information of the General-in-Chief, that at 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon 2,000 men of all arms [four field pieces and one company of cavalry], under command of Brigadier-General Paine, moved in the direction of Columbus, taking the road to Melvin, some 20 miles distant; from thence to return by a detour by the Lovelaceville and Blandville road; this to carry out General Fremont's orders in making demonstrations on Columbus in conjunction with General Grant. One hour after I sent nine companies of a regiment, one company of cavalry, and a section of artillery to Viola, to keep observation on the enemy south of Mayfield, and prevent his assailing General Paine on the flank; this detachment to return by the Melvin road; both commands to be out three days. Heavy firing now heard in the direction of Columbus, caused, it is supposed, by General Grant's movements towards Belmont.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,C. F. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.

HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Paducah, Ky., November 11, 1861.

SIR: Pursuant to the instructions of Major-General Fremont, commanding the Department of the West, dated on the 1st instant, directing me to make a demonstration on Columbus, but not to attack it without special orders [see inclosure marked A], on the 6th instant I dispatched the First Brigade of this force, commanded by Brigadier General E. A. Paine, and a part of the Second Brigade, under command of Colonel W. L. Sanderson, Twenty-third Indiana Regiment, in the direction of

