
kansas, you are hereby directed to make large demonstrations against Columbus by constantly keeping columns moving to and for on the road to Melvin, and also to make minor demonstrations in the same manner on the roads to Lovelaceville and Mayfield. You will take good care, however not to expose your columns too much, and you will not attack Columbus without special orders. General Grant has been instructed to make similar demonstrations against Columbus.

You are also directed to hold your whole command ready to march at an hour's notice until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure B.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 85. Paducah, Ky., November 6, 1861.

Leaving one company for each regiment and a section of artillery for the protection of the regimental camps, the First Brigade will parade in full marching order at 2 o'clock p.m. to-day in front of these headquarters, with cooked rations for three days in haversacks.

By order of Brigadier General C. F. Smith:

THOS. J. NEWSHAM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure C.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 87. Paducah, Ky., November 6, 1861.

With the exception of a company to guard its camp, one regiment of the Second Brigade, with a section of artillery and a company of cavalry, will parade in marching order before these headquarters at 3 o'clock this afternoon, with cooked rations for three days.

By order of Brigadier General C. F. Smith:

THOS. J. NEWSHAM,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure D.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Paducah, Ky., November 6, 1861.

Brigadier General E. A. PAINE, Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: You will proceed with your brigade, as indicated by special orders of this date, to Melvin, 20 miles distant, from thence cross ever to and return by the end of the third day from this by the Lovelaceville and Blandville road. The object of this movement is to induce the enemy to suspect an attack on Columbus is intended. Whilst not avoiding the enemy, should he be within your reach in corresponding numbers you will not attack. The object is a demonstration merely. Nine companies of the Second Brigade, with a section of artillery and some cavalry, will leave here an hour after you to go to Plumley's Station or Viola, and then return by the road on which went out. By cross-roads and guides you will be enabled to keep up a communication should it be necessary. Keep this order secret.

By order of Brigadier General C. F. Smith:

THOS. J. NEWSHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

