
regiments, under General Pillow, to his relief; then at intervals three others; then General Cheatham; then I took over two others to support a flank movement. It was a hard-fought battle; lasted from 10.30 till 5 this evening. They took Beltzhoover's battery, which we retook. They were thoroughly routed, we pursuing them to their boats, 7 miles. The roads were strewn with their dead and wounded, guns, ammunition, and equipments. Our loss considerable; theirs heavy. We are expecting an attack from this side in the morning by large force from Mayfield Creek and Paducah. This will explain the delay of General Pillow's movement.

A. S. JOHNSTON.

COLUMBUS, November 10, 1861.

To W. W. MACKALL:

We have been engaged in getting in the returns of the casualties of the battle of the 7th, which are not all in yet. I think as I said in my letter to General Johnston, that if it were possible to make any other shift not a man should be taken from this line just now. If not otherwise ordered, General Pillow will leave for Paris to-morrow. But he cannot reach Paris for five or six days. There is a deficiency in cannon powder.

I will send full reports.

L. POLK,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., November 28, 1861.

MY DEAR GENERAL: I send you to-day my report of the battle of the 7th [following]. I regret the delay in submitting it, but my head and nervous system generally has been in such a state since the bursting of the gun I have been unable to do more than a little at a time of anything. Besides this, too, I desired to be accurate in my statements and just to every one.

I have to ask, for the satisfaction of our friends and the country, if there be no impropriety in it that these, reports when you have examined and submitted them, be published. I have copies of them and will have that attended to. I am still very deaf and my nervous system is still unsteady. I hope, however, in a few days to assume command. I find there is strong reason for believing that Captain Adams is not filling his position as might be desired. His habits, I fear, are bad, and this leads to other things not in keeping with the best interests of the service. My opinion is, that as we are getting up a number of volunteer companies to be organized into regiments, the best thing for him and the service would be to have him made a colonel of a regiment, and sent to the field. It so happens that we now have an opportunity of having his place filled by a person whom I know, and who comes very highly recommended by competent parties in Memphis as possessing the qualities requisite for the commander of that post. This person is Colonel Dixon, of the Memphis Legion. This Legion is an old organization and one which I have been endeavoring to get to enlist for the local defense. They now consent to it, and are willing to be mustered into the service. They can do the military duty required in Memphis-guarding prisoners, magazines, &amp;c., and he command the post. The gentleman who takes this is one of his captains, and can give you any further information. I send by him also a copy of the monthly report you have asked for.

20 R R-VOL III

