
the defeat of the machinations of our enemies are due to the favoring providence of Almighty God, by which his plans were unveiled and frustrated, and by which the hearts of our troops were made strong in the day of battle. Confiding in the justice of our cause, we have felt we could put our trust in His protection and defense, and He has given us the victory.

Our thanks are due to the brave officers and soldiers who, under God, were the instruments of this victory. To Brigadier-General Pillow, to whom the duty of receiving the enemy's attack was assigned, is due the credit of meeting that attack with firmness, and of sustaining the heat of the conflict in the early part of the engagement. This he did with persistent energy and gallantry, courageously supporting and encouraging his troops by cheering words and personal example.

My thanks are due to General McCown for the promptitude with which he made the disposition proper for the defense of the left flank on the Columbus side, and for the manner in which he controlled the movements of the gunboats by the judicious management of the field battery of Captain Stewart the siege battery of Captain Hamilton, and the heavy guns in the fort.

I am indebted also to General Cheatham, who, at a later hour, by his promptitude and gallantry rallied the broken fragments of our columns and directed them with such resistless energy against the enemy's flank.

Colonel Marks, of the Eleventh Louisiana Regiment, rendered the most efficient service by the decision with which he led his column, in the face of the most discouraging circumstances, to the attack on the enemy's flank.

The condition of the field after the battle and the route pursued by the flying enemy sufficiently testify to the deadly aim of the Louisianians and Tennesseeans, who composed his command. It was in this attack that the gallant Major Butler lost his life in the performance of a duty in advance of his columns. He was a young officer of high promise, and deeply lamented by all who knew him.

The firmness with which Colonel J. V. Wright and his gallant regiment sustained themselves on the left flank of the first line of battle, as elsewhere, merits strong commendation.

The Watson Battery was served with decided ability and unflinching courage by its commander, Captain Beltzhoover, who retired his guns from the field only after he had exhausted his ammunition. In this connection also, as belonging to the same command, it is due to Colonel Tappan and his regiment to say that the promptness with which they prepared to receive the enemy, and the determined courage with which they sustained their part of the general conflict, are entitled to approbation.

To Captain M. Smith, of the Mississippi battery, and to Major A. P. Stewart, who directed the artillery in the fort, I am particularly indebted for the skill and judgment manifested in the service of the guns under their command, to the joint fire from which I feel not a little indebted for turning the fortunes of the day.

But to recite in detail all the instances of skill and courage displayed by individual commanders and their several commands would be to run well through the list of those who were engaged, and to anticipate also the reports of the division and regimental commanders.

The battle was fought against great odds, both as to numbers and position. The Mississippi River dividing the field place us at a disadvantage which it was necessary to overcome, and although we expe-

