
granulations and my thanks to you and to General Pillow and to your gallant troops.

A. S. JOHNSTON.

RICHMOND, VA., November 9, 1861.

Major General L. POLK, Columbus, Ky.:

Your telegram received. Accept for yourself and the officers and men under your command my sincere thanks for the glorious contribution you have just made to our common cause. Our countrymen must long remember gratefully to reward the activity, the skill, the courage, and devotion of the army at Belmont.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Numbers 5. Bowling Green, November 30, 1861.

The general has been impatient for reports of the battle of Belmont. They have been received, and he pronounces the work well done.

To Major-General Polk, who formed troops capable of such actions, and whose disposition prepared them for such a victory; to Brigadier General Pillow, who so skillfully led, and to the officers and soldiers who so gallantly followed that lead over a hard-contested field to complete success, his thanks are due and his congratulations heartily given,

This was no ordinary shock of arms. It was a long and trying contest, in which our troops fought by detachments, and always against superior numbers.

The 7th of November will fill a bright page in our military annals, and be remembered with gratitude by the sons and daughters of the South.

A. S. JOHNSTON,

Genera, C. S. Army.

COLUMBUS, KY., December 6, 1861

S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

I sent forward some time since through Assistant Adjutant-General Mackall, my report of the battle of Columbus and Belmont. There are reasons why, in my judgment thee interest of our cause would be promoted by the publication of that report as well as those of the other general officers. If there be no objection to it on the part of the Government, I should be glad to have them published without delay. I have copies; will have them published in the West.

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, December 7, 1861

General L. POLK, Columbus, Ky.:

Your report of the battles of Columbus and Belmont received this morning from General Johnston under date of 2nd instant, the report now in hands of copyists for Congress, who alone control the publication.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

