
posite side of the river, which being well directed, together with that of the heavy guns from the works above Columbus, made him recoil from the front.

In the mean time I had advanced the main body of my original force in broken order up the river to a point where I could cross through the fallen timber to make the flank movement. There I met Colonel Marks', of Brigadier General J. P. McCown's division, and Colonel Carroll's (of my own division) regiments, ordered by Major-General Polk to my support. I immediately placed these fresh troops under the command of the gallant old veteran Colonel Marks, at the head of the column, and directed him to lead the advance in double-quick time through the woods and to the enemy's rear, and to attack him with vigor, telling him that I would support the movement with all the forces formerly engaged, though from their conflict of four hours with such superior numbers it was hardly to be expected that they could act with the same vigor as the fresh troops. In this movement I directed Colonel Russell, who was commanding a brigade, and who had throughout the day promptly executed all my orders and aided me with disposition and movements, to rally and push forward his command to the support of Colonel Marks' attacking column. My brave young friend Captain W. H. Jackson, who reported to me for duty on my staff (being wholly unable to get his light battery on shore), I directed to lead this column against the enemy's rear. The movement was promptly and gallantly made, and was a complete success. The enemy finding himself between two fires, that of Smith's artillery in front and of Colonels Marks' and Russell's column in the rear, after a feeble resistance, broke and fled in great disorder, and was hotly pursued by our troops.

The brave General Cheatham, now having reached that part of the field, by his presence added new vigor to the pursuit. The enemy's forces were cut to pieces by a destructive fire until they had reached a point far in the bottom, when General Cheatham thought it prudent to halt the column and to bring up his brigade, which was on the way. Having returned to the river bank for that purpose, where he met General Polk (bringing with him Colonel Smith's brigade, of General Cheatham's division), who had now arrived, General Polk ordered the pursuit continued with the whole force, accompanying the pursuing column himself until we reached the point where the enemy had made his surgical headquarters and depository of stores of ammunition, baggage, &amp;c. Here we found a yard full of knapsacks, arms, ammunition, blankets, overcoats, mess-chest, horses, wagons, and dead and wounded men, with surgeons engaged in the appropriate duties of their profession. The enemy's route of retreat was strewn likewise with many of these articles, and abundantly with blood, dead and wounded men. The pursuit was continued under the immediate command and direction of Major-General Polk until we came in sight of the enemy's gun-boats and transports.

Upon reaching the new field of duty, by direction of the major-general, I ordered the victorious commands as they arrived to move as rapidly as possible through the corn field to the bank of the river directing the different corps entering opposite the ground they would occupy on the river bank, and lining the bank for more than a mile, when, being in position, they should open their fire on the troops and as the boats passed up the river to give the enemy their fire. I need not say that this whole movement was admirably executed. When the fire opened it was so hot and destructive that the troops on the boats rushed to the opposite side of the boats and had to be forced back by the bayonet to

