
me obliquely at a distance of about 200 yards, with one field piece. I ordered our men to fire on them, which order was promptly obeyed; the enemy began to cut the horses loose without exchanging the fire; they succeeded in getting off with five of the horses. I advanced upon the battery, found it to be the Jeff. Davis, and saw that she was not spiked; only one horse was captured with the piece. The first persons who came to my relief were Lieutenant F. H. Williamson, of my own company; a Captain Hunt, of Colonel Tappan's regiment; Captain Chew, of the Second Regiment Tennessee Volunteers; and a quartermaster of the Thirteenth Arkansas Regiment, whose name I regret I did not learn. My remark to these gentleman was that "Here is my prize!" I care nothing for any glory on the occasion, but I think we should have credit for what we have accomplished.

Respectfully, yours,

W. J. HUNT,

Colonel J. KNOX WALKER,

Numbers 17. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Ross, Second Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT TENNESSEE VOLS.,Columbus, Ky., February 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have conversed with several of my officers as to the time of day we left our encampment for the battle-field of Belmont, Mo. Lieutenant E. L. Topp, acting as aide-de-camp to Colonel J. Knox Walker, who was in command of the brigade, reports that it was about 10.15 a.m. when we were on the boat crossing the river, and about 11 o'clock when we engaged in the battle. He also reports that before General Cheatham arrived, and while getting the men in line during the rally, he looked at his watch, and it was 2 p.m. Captain Sam. Vance reports that it was about 10.15 a.m. when we left our encampment and that we were landed on the Missouri side in about half an hour; that Colonel Preston Smith brought the order for our march. Lieutenant Jeff. Brady reports that he looked at his watch and it was 10.15 a.m. when we were on board of the boat on our way to the battle-field, and thinks we were in the battle by 10.30 a.m, and that it was 12.45 o'clock when the doctor was dressing his first wound; at the same time our men were retreating from the river bank. I think it was about 10 a.m. when we left our encampment and engaged in battle before 11 a.m. We were detained a very few moments on the Kentucky side of the river. From all the information I can gather from the officers with whom I have conversed, and my opinion, we left our encampment and were in the battle between the hours of 10 and 11 a.m. on the morning of November 7 last, at the battle of Belmont, Mo.

I have the honor to be most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. ROSS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment Tenn., Vols.

Major General L. POLK, Commanding.

