
ately, and stood their ground, bravely defending their position, though the killed and wounded were falling thick and fast on every side.

In a very short time after the attack commenced on me I heard a heavy fire of musketry on my left, and knew that Lieutenant Rhea, with his command, was engaging the enemy. I immediately communicated this intelligence to General Pillow, meantime holding my position, my men receiving and returning an incessant fire. This was kept up for near an hour and a half, when I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Vaughan to report to General Pillow that my ammunition was nearly exhausted and that my men were suffering greatly from the fire of the enemy. Colonel Vaughan returned, and brought with him orders from General Pillow for my regiment to retire. I gave the order, and the regiment retired to near the river, where some confusion occurred, and a portion of the regiment went up the river, led by Colonel Vaughan, and the balance followed me up the bank of the river,taking protection from the artillery under the bank of the river. The two lines were united again at the upper landing, where I was ordered by Colonel J. Knox Walker, commanding brigade, to fall in with my command on the left of the Second Tennessee Regiment and proceed to charge the enemy. This was done most promptly, and in a short time we found ourselves in the presence of the enemy, who were moving to the right. We formed line rapidly, and poured a most destructive fire upon them, my men shouting and huzzaing as they rushed on to the charge.

At this time I was on foot, having had my horse shot under me in the previous engagement. Here a great number of the enemy were killed and wounded and a great many prisoners captured. Soon after this I was ordered by General Pillow to halt my regiment and march back to the river with the prisoners, resupply my men with ammunition, and wait there for orders. I gave the order, but owing to the noise a large number of my men did not hear the command, and only a portion halted, the others continuing in pursuit of the flying enemy until they made their escape on the boats. They returned, bringing with them many more prisoners.

My loss was about 149 in killed, wounded, and missing; that is to say, 25 non-commissioned officers and privates and 2 commissioned officers killed, 73 privates wounded, and 49 missing. Most of those missing are from the company (A) which was sent out under Lieutenant Rhea as skirmishers, and are supposed to have been captured by the enemy attempting to rejoin the regiment. Captain Burton of Company A, was not in command of his company, on account of sickness, but he was on the field near his men, and Lieutenants Rhea and Middlemas were both killed, fighting bravely. Captains Wisdom, Wilkins, Morgan, Pittman, and Latta were wounded, but not dangerously. Adjutant Morgan was slightly wounded in the arm, as was Surg. J. A. Forbes. Lieutenant-Colonel Vaughan had two horses shot under him, and exposed himself, most gallantly discharging his duties. Lieutenant Arnold, of Company A, was slightly wounded in the breast. Lieutenant Edwards, of Company I, was wounded.

I feel that it is due I should mention the names of H. H. Falls and Arch. Houston, citizens of Tennessee, and Charles L. Roberts, citizen of Alabama, who were here temporarily, and who fell into the ranks and fought with the regiment during the engagement. Mr. Houston was wounded in the face by the bursting of a shell, and Mr. Roberts was killed early in the engagement.

I cannot speak in terms of praise too high were I to attempt to do justice to the gallant officers and men under my command. Though

