
around rapidly, take position in line, and commence firing. This order was promptly executed. The fire was at once returned by volleys of musketry from the boats and rapid discharges of grape, canister, and shell from the gunboats.

The fire was kept up on both sides with very little cessation for about one hour, when the boats, having succeeded in cutting their cables, moved out under cover of the gunboats. As the gunboats ascended the river they continued their fire, and their new position giving them a better range of shot, Colonel Smith ordered us to fall back to the field on the right.

The boats being by this time out of gun-shot range, I directed Adjt. W. H. Stovall and a detail of 10 men to remain with me and gather up our wounded men off the field. This duty being performed, we took possession of seven wagons, a lot harness, some blankets and trunks, which the enemy had left in their flight, and placed them in charge of a guard to be brought down on a boat, which General Pillow had informed me soon after the enemy retired he would have sent up. To insure the coming up of the boat promptly, I sent a horseman to General Polk requesting that it be sent up at once, and it was accordingly brought up by General Cheatham and Colonel Smith and all the captured property secured.

Our entire loss was 1 man killed and 12 wounded. The loss of the enemy was very heavy, but its extent I am unable to estimate correctly.

We took possession of a number of overcoats on our return; also a considerable number of blankets, knapsacks, and clothing of all sorts left by the enemy in their retreat. We also captured some muskets, which have been turned over to the quartermaster of this regiment.

I cannot speak in terms too highly of the gallantry and coolness displayed by the men under my command or that of the company officers. It will suffice to say that all, both officers and men, showed themselves worthy of their positions, of the cause in which they are engaged, and of the lasting gratitude of their country.

Captain Fitzgerald, with his scouting party, captured 8 prisoners-a lieutenant, a sergeant, and 6 privates-and killed 3 in his skirmish. Four other prisoners were captured by men in my command-a surgeon and 3 privates-all of whom were delivered to the proper authorities.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARCUS J. WRIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 154th Senior Reg't Tenn. Vols.

Colonel PRESTON SMITH,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 28. Report of Colonel W. H. Stephens, Sixth Tennessee Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION,Columbus, Ky., November 9, 1861.

The Second Brigade of your division, under my command, being assigned to duty on this the eastern bank of the river, my infantry took no part in the engagement of the 7th instant. The light battery of Captain Melancthon Smith, belonging to my brigade, rendered very

