
In the mean time the enemy had landed a large force on the Missouri shore, and soon after engaged the forces sent to re-enforce Colonel Tappan, under the command of Brigadier-General Pillow. The enemy finally succeeded in reaching the river below Belmont, and planted a battery that played upon our boats. The gunboats again dropped down the river. About the same time I received information from the general commanding that a large force was on their side of the river. I saw that the plans of the enemy were to prevent re-enforcements from crossing the river. I sent an order to Lieutenant Humes to advance Captain Bankhead's battery to the shore and drive the Federal battery and troops from the position they had taken, but this had been effected, by an order already given by the major-general, by Captain Smith's battery and the rifled gun in the fort. The gunboat after an hour's conflict again retired, after having come low enough down the river to throw shell into the works.

At about 11 o'clock I was informed that Colonel Marks' regiment, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Barrow, Colonel Marks commanding First Brigade, was ordered to cross the river, Colonel Marks commanding. I saw with pride and pleasure the noble and decisive part their regiment played in the action. I send inclosed Colonel Marks' report. Towards the close of the day, by order of the major-general, I sent Colonel Neely's (Fourth Tennessee) regiment and Colonel Scott's Twelfth Louisiana Regiment across the river, commanded by Colonel Neely. These regiments crossed too late to take an active part in the action. The heaviest fire from the gunboats was against the batteries of Captain R. A. Stewart and Captain S. H. D. Hamilton, resulting from their advanced position. They and their men deserve credit for the effective service rendered. The heavy battery under the command of Major A. P. Stewart rendered effective service both against the gunboats and the enemy across the river. It is proper here to state that I advanced Colonel E. W. Gantt's Arkansas regiment, not properly belonging to my division, upon the Milburn road, to report any attack from that quarters, in the execution of which order Colonel Gantt came very near losing his life from the bursting of a shell.

I take pleasure in commending the gallant conduct of my staff, Lieutenant Balt. Barrow, acting assistant adjutant-general; Major George W. McCown, aide-de-camp; Major E. W. Dyer, quartermaster; Lieutenant G. P. Smart, adjutant artillery, who remained with me during the day, and Captain George T. Moorman, acting aide-de-camp, who were much exposed in the line of their duty-Major McCown and Captain Moorman on both sides of the river.

I regretted that I was deprived of the service of Major Bradford, adjutant-general, and Lieutenant Henry S. Foote, jr., aide-de-camp, who was absent under orders. Sergt. E. M. Ross was much exposed, and useful in bringing me accurate information.

Major Butler, of the Eleventh Regiment, fell mortally wounded in advance of his regiment. Lieutenant J. R. Alexander was killed, gallantly leading his men. Lieuts. R. R. Denninson and James Miller were wounded.

I send a list of the killed and wounded.* I am happy to say that all my command, wherever employed, exhibited coolness and decision.

Very respectfully submitted.

J. P. McCOWN,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Captain E. D. BLAKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

23 R R-VOL III

