
horse while cheering on his men to attack our lines, and Adjutant Boler, Seventh Iowa Regiment, was brought in uninjured by Private McDonough and Corporal McDavitt, Dillon Guards. Private T. I. Long, Catahoula Greys, was brought to me by Lieutenant Jos. H. Miller, Dillon Guards.

Where all, officers and men, behaved so gallantly, it would be invidious to discriminate. I cannot refrain, however, in this connection of speaking in terms of high commendation of the conduct of Colonel R. H. Barrow during the whole engagement. To the coolness and promptness of Captain John J. Barrow, Rosale Guards [Co. I], I feel confident I owe the preservation of my life.

Captain William H. Jackson, of light artillery, who was severely wounded in the heat of the engagement, I am requested by Colonel Barrow to tender the thanks of the Eleventh Louisiana Regiment for valuable and gallant service rendered. Private William G. Gaillor, of Memphis, belonging to Captain Ballentine's company, Shelby Light Dragoons, who volunteered to go with Company A, of my command, to the battle, was severely wounded while gallantly doing his duty. In short, sir, in order to do justice to the Eleventh, I would have to refer your to its muster-roll. All did their duty and all deserve the thanks of their country.

Adjutant White, of the Eleventh, and Assistant Adjutant-General Langan, of First Brigade, have my thanks for valuable service rendered. W. E. Edwards was attached to my person, and behaved gallantly throughout the battle.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. MARKS,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Third Division.

Brigadier General JOHN P. McCOWN,

Commanding Third Division.

No. 34. Report of Colonel J. S. Tappan, Thirteenth Arkansas Infantry, with interrogatories from General Polk and answers thereto.

COLUMBUS, KY., November 9, 1861.

SIR: On the morning of the 7th instant, about 7 o'clock, I received information from you that the enemy were landing troops on the Missouri side of the river, a few miles above town, with an order directing me to ascertain at once what they designed by such action and to get my command at Camp Johnston (opposite this place) ready for any emergency. I immediately ordered out the two cavalry companies of Colonel Miller's Mississippi battalion, that were with us, Captain Montgomery and Captain Bowles (Captain Montgomery's being commanded by Lieutenant Jones), directed them to proceed up the river to watch the enemy, and to report what they were doing; then ordered Colonel Beltzhoover, of the Watson Battery, to get ready, and had my own regiment formed in line of battle. After consultation with Colonel Beltzhoover, I directed two of his guns to be stationed on the south side of an old field back of my encampment, with Captain Pollard's company of my regiment to sustain them, commanding one road. Four guns were placed on the northwest point of said field, with companies of Captain Hunt and Captain Harris; the balance of my regiment was formed on the right of said battery, about a hundred yards from the river and fronting from

