
No. 35. Report of Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Barrow, Eleventh Louisiana Infantry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH LOUISIANA REGIMENT, July 13, 1862.

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 10th instant,* I respectfully state that the Eleventh Louisiana Regiment received orders to leave their camp to cross the river on November 7, 1861 (the day of the battle of Belmont), between 10.30 and 11 a.m., reaching the river at a double-quick in about ten minutes, and there found a regiment waiting to cross (which I have been informed was Carroll's regiment, Fifteenth Tennessee Volunteers), and which preceded the Eleventh Louisiana Regiment about fifteen minutes. Our regiment was landed at Belmont between 11.15 and 11.30 o'clock, and engaged the enemy a few minutes before 12 m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,ROBT. H. BARROW,

Lieutenant, Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Louisiana Regiment.

Major General L. POLK.

No. 36. Report of Captain Laurence L. Butler, Eleventh Louisiana Infantry.

COLUMBUS, KY., February 14, 1862.

SIR: In reply to your question as to what time the Eleventh Regiment Louisiana Volunteers left Columbus for Belmont, I have the honor to inform you that I looked at my watch at the moment of embarking, and found the time to be ten minutes to 12 m.

In reply to your question, "Who brought the order to the Eleventh Regiment Louisiana Volunteers to re-enforce the forces engaged at Belment," I have the honor to state that I have ascertained from Captain Blake, C. S. Army, then acting as your assistant adjutant-general, that he brought the order in person to the colonel of the Eleventh Louisiana Volunteers.

With great respect, I am, your obedient servant,

LAURENCE L. BUTLER,

Captain, Commanding Company K, Eleventh Regiment La. Vols.

Major-General POLK,

Commanding First Division, Western Department.

No. 37. Report of Lieutenant Colonel D. Beltzhoover, commanding Watson Battery.

COLUMBUS, KY., November 8, 1861.

COLONEL: About 8 a.m., November 7, you informed me at Camp Johnston, Missouri, that the enemy were advancing in force against us, and ordered me to put the Watson Battery in position. I immediately

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

