
posted a section at the end of each of the three roads by which our camp could be approached, and when you came out with your regiment you gave me a company to support each section. We stood as thus placed until the arrival of Brigadier-General Pillow, who ordered your companies back to the regiment, and united my battery at the edge of the woods and the bend of the right-hand road from the usual landing of the enemy's gunboats. There we stood doing our best until the whole line retreated to the river. At the river I formed in battery again, although I had no ammunition, and so remained until carried down the bank by the force of retreating troops. My loss is 2 killed and 8 wounded and missing; 45 horses killed; 2 guns missing.

I feel bound to mention, for your favorable notice, Lieutenant C. P. Ball, than whom a braver or more accomplished officer cannot be found, and Privates White and Frederick. I am afraid Lieutenant Ball is seriously wounded by being run over by a caisson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. BELTZHOOVER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Watson Battery.

Colonel TAPPAN,

Thirteenth Arkansas.

No. 38. Report of Major Henry Winslow, Aide-de-Camp.

COLUMBUS, KY., December 1, 1861.

GENERAL: I herewith communicate for your information the occurrences preceding and during the battle of Belmont:

ON the morning of November 7, at 2.10 a.m., I was awakened by a messenger bearing dispatches from General Thompson, who was introduced into your room by me, and at daylight another messenger arrived, informing me that the Federals were landing troops on the Missouri side above Columbus. I immediately communicated the information to you, and was directed to proceed to the quarters of Brigadier-General McCown, and inform him of this fact, and also to direct him (General McCown) to send a strong force of infantry and cavalry in that direction on this side of the river. Having performed this duty, I proceeded up the river to obtain such information by personal observation as I deemed might be useful. With an excellent glass I watched their movements until I was satisfied as to their numbers and intention, which was reported by me to yourself.

About 10 a.m. I was directed by you to cross the river and carry some orders to General Pillow. This I did, finding him about 100 yards in advance of his line of battle (which was formed in an open field), returning from reconnoitering the enemy's position. General Pillow requested me to say to you that he wished a regiment sent across and held in reserve on the bank of the river and a section or two of artillery. I immediately recrossed the river and made known to you his wishes.

The firing commenced when I was about half-way across the river. I suggested to you that a squadron of cavalry might be used to advantage, and was directed by you to order two companies from Colonel Logwood's battalion to proceed at once across the river. Captains Jackson's and Polk's batteries were also ordered across.

About 12 m. I was ordered by you to recross the river and ascertain

