
my boat, the Prince, previous to my being sent by General Pillow. This ammunition was lying in boxes on the bank near the water's edge when I started with the message of General Pillow to General Polk about re-enforcements and ammunition.

I delivered the message from General Pillow to General Polk at about 12 or 12.30 o'clock, when he was standing upon the bank with his staff on the Columbus side of the river. As soon as I delivered the message to General Polk he sent off one of his staff to have the ammunition put on my boat. I immediately took it across the river. I suppose I was not kept waiting for the ammunition more than ten minutes. When I was crossing the river with the message from General Pillow to General Polk I met the Charm and the H. R. W. Hill going across to the battle-field with re-enforcements.

Colonel Dougherty, of the Federal Army, about the close of the battle, was brought on my boat very badly wounded and evidently expecting to die. In answer to a question which I asked him, as to how the battle had gone, his remark was that we had routed them and whipped them like dogs. I asked him that if it was a fair question I would like to know how many men the Federals had on the field, and he told me between 7,000 and 8,000. I learned afterwards from him that he was acting brigadier that day.

Very respectfully,

B. J. BUTLER,

General L. POLK.

No. 40. Report of Captain W. L. Trask, steamer Charm.

COLUMBUS, KY., February 14, 1862.

SIR: In answer to the following questions propounded by you, to wit: What service did you perform with the steamer Charm on November 7, 1861; also, at what time did you land certain troops? I beg leave to make the following report:

At 8 o'clock on the morning of November 7, 1861, being in command of the steamer Charm, and lying at the wharf or landing at Columbus, having arrived that morning from below and just finished discharging our load, I received orders from headquarters to get up steam and hold myself in readiness for any emergency that might arise, as the enemy were reported landing in Lucas Bend, a short distance above, and an immediate attack was expected. A few minutes later we received orders from the quartermaster to transport a quantity of commissary stores across the river to Colonel Tappan's (Thirteenth Arkansas) regiment. This duty I performed without delay.

At this time several regiments of troops were embarking on board the steamer Prince and H. R. W. Hill for transportation across the river. Upon our return to Columbus after delivering the commissary stores, at 9 a.m., Dr. Bell and staff, of the medical department, embarked on board the Charm, and desired to be taken across the river. A number of soldiers belonging to the different regiments already taken over also came on board at that time and crossed over with the surgeons. They (the soldiers) numbered about 150, and were parts of different companies and regiments left behind by their commanders from the other steamers.

