
we again moved down the river to a point near the foot of the bluff and alongside the steamer Kentucky, when we took on board a part of Colonel Blythe's (Mississippi) battalion and Colonel Smith's (Tennessee) regiment, under the commanding general's especial direction. On our attempt to back out from the landing after the troops were on board we found ourselves hard around, and were delayed until the steamer Prince came to our assistance and succeeded in pulling us off. We now crossed over the river and landed the troops and cavalry on the Belmont side. This was about 2 p.m., and in time to join in the pursuit of the enemy, now in full flight from the battle-field, having been first turned by Colonel Marks' regiment, landed from the steamer Charm the trip previous. After the troops were landed we began taking on the dead and wounded and some prisoners, among the latter of whom were Major McClurken, of the Illinois troops, and Adjutant Boler; also a Yankee flag was brought in displayed on our jack-staff, to the great delight of our people.

We continued as busily as possible, and made a number of trips back and forth after this time, carrying over our victorious troops to the Columbus side after their return from the pursuit of the enemy.

We continued to work until midnight, when we were ordered down the river after corn by the quartermaster, working all night, the day following, and the next night without cessation.

Upon our return to Columbus after our trip for corn we were permitted to rest and clean out the boilers of the steamer, now very much in need of that service from their constant use for more than ten days.

I have made the foregoing statement and report in answer to your queries, and I trust that it will meet with your approval and approbation.

With the highest regard, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. TRASK,

Late Commander Confederate Steamer Charm.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding, Columbus, Ky.

NOVEMBER 13-15, 1861.-Expedition from Greenville to Doniphan, Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Colonel W. P. Carlin, Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry.

No. 2.-Captain H. P. Hawkins, Independent Company Missouri Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Colonel W. P. Carlin, Thirty-eighth Illinois Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS, PILOT KNOB, MO., November 18, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith a report of Captain H. P. Hawkins, commanding a company of Missouri cavalry, under my command. Captain Hawkins and his men are loyal Missourians, driven from Wayne and surrounding counties. The map of Missouri will show you that the exploit reported by the gallant captain was one which could have been executed only by a daring soldier. I take this occasion to say that the service rendered the United States by Captain Hawkins

