
my fellow-citizens dispassionately to consider their true interests as well as their true relation to the Government under which we live and to which we owe so much.

In this connection I desire to direct attention to one subject which, no doubt, will be made the pretext for more or less popular excitement. I allude to the recent transactions at Camp Jackson, near Saint Louis. It is not proper for me to comment upon the official conduct of my predecessor in command of this department, but it is right and proper for the people of Missouri to know the main avenue of Camp Jackson, recently under command of General Frost, had the name of Davis, and a principal street of the same camp that of Beauregard, and that a body of men had been received into that camp by its commander which had been notoriously organized in the interests of the secessionists, the men openly wearing the dress and badge distinguishing the Army of the so-called Southern Confederacy. It is also a notorious fact that a quantity of arms had been received into the camp which were unlawfully taken from the United States Arsenal at Baton Rouge, and surreptitiously passed up the river in boxes marked "Marble."

Upon facts like these, and having in view what occurred at Liberty, the people can draw their own inferences, and it cannot be difficult for any one to arrive at a correct conclusion as to the character and ultimate purpose of that encampment. No Government in the worlds would be entitled to respect that would tolerate for a moment such openly treasonable preparations. It is but simple justice, however, that I should state the fact that there were many good and loyal men in the camp who were in no manner responsible for its treasonable character.

Disclaiming as I do all desire or intention to interfere in any way with the prerogatives of the State of Missouri or with the functions of its executive or other authorities, yet I regard it as my plain path of duty to express to the people, in respectful but at the same time decided language, that within the field and scope of my command and authority the "supreme law" of the land must and shall be maintained, and no subterfuges, whether in the forms of legislative acts or otherwise, can be permitted to harass or oppress the good and law-abiding people of Missouri. I shall exert my authority to protect their persons and property from violations of every kind, and I shall deem it my duty to suppress all unlawful combinations of men, whether formed under prefect of military organizations or otherwise.

WM. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 14, 1861.

Brigadier General W. S. HARNEY,

Commanding the Military Department of the West:

SIR: In common with thousands who have perused your admirable proclamation of this morning, I return you the thanks of a citizen of Missouri for its patriotic tone and tranquilizing assurances. There is nothing in this paper which in my opinion needs explanation, yet I wish to be able to answer, with the authority of your name, a question which I have already replied to on my own judgment.

Last evening a gentleman of the highest respectability and intelligence, from Greene County, Missouri, asked me whether I supposed it

