
of honor that has always attended your public acts, that you will, with equal fidelity, observe the same on your part.

On receipt of your telegram of yesterday I immediately dispatched two highly respectable citizens of Springfield, who replied that no troops from Arkansas were expected or desired. The assertion in the Democrat that wagons had been sent from Sedalia to Arkansas for arms is wholly untrue. Should, however, troops enter Missouri from Arkansas or any other State, be assured that I will cause them to return, and thus save you from the taking of a step which I could not, with justice, construe into any other light than a violation of our agreement, and such a violations as would, in my opinion, undoubtedly precipitate civil hostilities.

I have the honor to be, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 31, 1861.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjt. General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I received last evening paragraph 1 of Special Orders, No. 135, of May 16, from your office, and instantly relinquished command of the Department of the West. This morning your letter of May 27 reached me, and as other communications have been addressed to me from your office as department commander since May 16, and as I have learned the purport of telegraphic dispatches recently received from Washington by Colonel Blair and Mr. Gantt, of this city, I am led to conclude that it was not the intention of the President I should be relieved. I shall, therefore, at once resume the command of the department, and I beg that the President may be assured that if I am permitted to conduct operations here as my judgment may dictate I anticipate no serious disturbance in the State. I am sure that many of the reports which have reached the President relative to the condition of affairs in Missouri have proceeded from irresponsible sources. Upon investigation here of complaints seemingly aggravated it has appeared in several instances that they were groundless or greatly exaggerated. Matters are progressing as satisfactorily in this State as I could expect considering the very great excitement that has latterly pervaded the community.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST, No. 5. Saint Louis Arsenal, May 31, 1861.

Brigadier General W. S. Harney having relinquished command of this department, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 135, of May 16, 1861, from the Adjutant-General's Office, the undersigned hereby assumes the command thereof, which thus devolves upon him.

N. LYON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

