SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST, No. 4. Saint Louis Arsenal, June 1, 1861.

I. The undersigned hereby relinquishes his command of this post, which will devolve upon Colonel F. P. Blair, First Regiment Missouri Volunteers, who will have in his immediate charge the troops, police, and the defenses thereof.

II. IN order to facilitate the transaction of business the First Regiment and the Sixth and Seventh Regiments Missouri Volunteers, now forming, will be considered as one brigade. The Third and Fifth Regiments will constitute a second brigade. The battalion of artillery, the company of sappers and miners, the two rifle companies of the Fourth Regiment, and Captain Bayles' company of riflemen will form the Third Brigade.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

IV. All estimates for supplies by staff officers will be submitted to the department commander for his approval before purchasing them.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

N. LYON,Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS ARSENAL, June 3, 1861.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjt. General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Authentic information exists of the presence at Memphis of General Beauregard, and of the movement of Ben. McCulloch with troops and light and heavy arms up the Arkansas and White Rivers. Troops from Arkansas have already taken position at Fort Wayne, which is at the northwest corner of Arkansas. Very mysterious and industrious movements of the secessionists of this State towards the southwest indicate an intended co-operation of forces from the South, Arkansas, and this State, to enter it from the quarter with large armament and force. This I am disposed to believe is contemplated in connection with a movement under Beauregard from the South on Cairo. Cairo should, therefore, receive due attention, while a movement from here towards the southwest should be made. This latter movement I intend to undertake in connection with the troops of Kansas, and in carrying out this project I may need support from the States of Illinois and Iowa, and I have accordingly forwarded to the governors of those States a copy of your letter of May 27, 1861, to General Harney, and have asked them to inform me whether they can furnish me with troops, and if so how soon and where, as I may need them to occupy some particular points or to garrison this post.

I would respectfully ask that the orders of the War Department over the troops in this department and calls upon the States indicated may have the above object in view.

I am embarrassed and even distressed for the want of camp equipage and accouterments, but shall do whatever can be done for my relief by getting manufactured at this city as many of these things as can be so supplied. This will, however, prove but a partial relief, and more will be needed from other sources.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. LYON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Department.

