
at 2 o'clock, and reaching this place at 12 o'clock at night. I find here neither provisions, water, tents, cartridge-boxes, nor any other material. It will be absolutely necessary that they be provided for, and I send back one of my officers to try and urge forward the necessary supplies.

I remain, sir, yours, respectfully,

B. GRATZ BROWN,

Colonel Fourth Regiment U. S. Reserve Corps.

BOONEVILLE, MO., June 18, 1861.

DEAR HARDING: You have heard of us and our leaving Jefferson City on the 16th. We debarked next morning a little above Rockport, and had not proceeded more than 2 miles before we met their advanced pickets, and soon after their whole force. At first the secessionists made a weak effort, which doubtless was intended to lead us on to their stronghold, where they held on with considerable resolution, and gave us a check for a short time and made some havoc. On moving forward, however, a straggling fire from the right and left made it necessary to move on with caution and slowness, and we reached the city about 2 o'clock p.m., where we were met by many people, under consternation from the erroneous impression that great violence would be perpetrated upon persons and property. I have been engaged more or less in removing this impression. I regret much that my proclamation was not published promptly, so that I could have had it here for distribution. I get no news of what is going on around us, but much fear the movement from Texas, and hope the subject will engage the attention of the General Government. Keep McClellan advised upon the matter. I had hoped some of our Iowa troops would have been in this region by this time, but hear nothing of them. My suspense just now is painful.

Yours, truly,

N. LYON,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF OHIO,Cincinnati, June 18, 1861.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have received order placing Missouri under my command. Will leave for Saint Louis to-morrow. If more troops are needed telegraph me details of case.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, June 21, 1861.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Please telegraph General McClellan as follows:

BOONEVILLE, MO., June 20, 1861.

General McCLELLAN: I have notice that Missouri is assigned to your command. This (Booneville) is an important point, and should have at least a whole regiment, with an advance post at Warsaw, which is a nest of rebels, who have massacred at Cole Camp Union men. These will permit the Second Missouri Volunteer Regiment to concentrate at Jefferson City. I would have you send a regiment here, with a large supply of stores.

N. LYON.

25 R R-VOL III

