
lost us the fruits of hard-earned victories. The rebel General Harris would now be prisoner if we had mounted forces. Two regiments are needed. What may we do? Colonel F. P. Blair can explain. We hope to catch Harris in any event.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWEST EXPEDITION,Springfield, Mo., July 13, 1861.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Saint Louis Arsenal:

SIR: I arrived at this place early this evening two or three hours in advance of my troops, who are encamped a few miles back. I have about 5,000 men to be provided for, and have expected to find stores here, as I have ordered. The failure of stores reaching here seems likely to cause serious embarrassment, which must be aggregated by continued delay, and in proportion to the time I am forced to wait for supplies. * * * I shall endeavor to take every due precaution to meet existing emergencies, and hope to be able to sustain the cause of the Government in this part of the State. But there must be no loss of time in furnishing me the resources I have herein mentioned. I have lost in reaching this place about four days' time by the high waters in Grand and Osage Rivers, which made it necessary to ferry them. The same difficulty prevented Sturgis from co-operating with Sigel in time to afford any aid. Please telegraph to McClellan and to Washington anything in this letter you deem of importance to those headquarters. Shoes, shirts, blouses, &amp;c., are much wanted, and I would have you furnish them, if possible, in considerable quantities.

Yours, truly,

N. LYON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., July 13, 1861.

To ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. Army:

My effective force will soon be reduced by discharge of three-months' volunteers to about 4,000 men, including the Illinois regiment now on the march from Rolla. Governor Jackson will soon have in this vicinity not less than 30,000. I must have at once an additional force of 10,000 men, or abandon my position. All must have supplies and clothing.

N. LYON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS ARSENAL, July 15, 1861.

General PRENTISS,

Cairo:

Have you received General McClellan's dispatch of to-day? If so, what's your plan? Will aid you in any way, but think best aid is to operate as before indicated. Have you official notice that General Fremont is our department commander?

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Missouri Volunteers.

