
upwards, as is currently reported, which are constantly augmenting and accumulating arms and stock. They are making frequent lawless and hostile demonstrations, and threaten me with attack. The evils consequent upon the withdrawal of any portion of my force will be apparent. Loyal citizens will be unprotected, repressed treason will assume alarming boldness, and possible defeat of my troops in battle will peril the continued ascendancy of the Federal power itself, not only in the State, but in the whole West.

If the interests of the Government are to be sustained here, and in fact in the whole valley of the Mississippi, large bodies of troops should be sent forward to this State instead of being withdrawn from it, till by concentration there may be ability to overpower any force that can be gathered in the West against the Government. Troops properly belonging to the valley of the Mississippi-from Wisconsin, Michigan, Indiana, and Ohio-have already been drawn to the East. The moral effect of the presence of the few regulars in my command is doubtless the main consideration that holds the enemy in my command is doubtless the main consideration that holds the enemy in check, and with them I may be able to retain what has already been achieved until I am strengthened, but any diminution will be imminently hazardous. The volunteers with me have yet had no pay for their services, and their duties have been arduous. Their clothing has become dilapidated, and as a body they are dispirited. But for these facts they would probably nearly all have re-enlisted.

I have no regular officer of the Pay Department, nor of the Commissary or the Quartermaster's Departments, and the affairs of both are consequently indifferently administered. But for the immense interests at stake I could never have undertaken the great work in which I am engaged under such discouraging circumstances. Under this state of affairs, presumed to be unknown at headquarters when the order was issued, I have felt justified in delaying its execution for further instructions from the department, so far as the troops with me are concerned.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. LYON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ASTOR HOUSE, NEW YORK, July 18, 1861.

Colonel TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

North Missouri Railroad torn up and obstructed by State forces. Mails cannot be transported. Track torn up behind the United States troops. Some fighting between these and State forces. I have ordered General Pope to take the command in North Missouri with three regiments from Alton. He moves this morning. General Lyon call for re-enforcements.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL, July 18, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

New York:

All the Illinois forces are in Missouri, excepting the Irish regiment and three companies of cavalry at Quincy, and three regiments of infantry,

