
MAY 10, 1861.-Capture of Camp Jackson, near Saint Louis, Mo.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Report of Captain Nathaniel Lyon, Second U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Protest of Brigadier General Daniel M. Frost, Missouri State Militia.

Numbers 3.-General Harney's letter transmitting General Frost's protest.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Nathaniel Lyon, Second U. S. Infantry.

SAINT LOUIS ARSENAL, May 11, 1861.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from your office of the 30th ultimo, I accepted, swore in, and armed 3,436 men and 70 officers of the loyal citizens of Saint Louis, as a "reserve corps," for the protection of Government property and enforcement of its laws, on the 7th and 8th instant, and should probably have still further proceeded in receiving further offers but for event to which I will now advert. The steamer J. C. Swan arrived at Saint Louis on the night of the 8th, with a large supply of military stores, including, as I was informed, muskets, ammunition, and cannon taken on board at Baton Rouge, and there obtained from the arsenal. The boat arriving in the night, great industry was used to transport these stores during the night (and before being likely to be exposed in the morning) to the camp of what is called the State militia, and which is made up for the most part of what has for a long time been known as a body of rabid and violent opposes of the General Government, and who have, during this time, been a terror to all loyal and peaceful citizens.

Their extraordinary and unscrupulous conduct, and their evident design, and of the governor of this State, to take a position of hostility to the United States, are matters of extensive detail and of abounding evidence. Having appealed to the South for assistance, every appearance indicated a rapid accumulation of men and means for seizing Government property and overturning its authority. I accordingly foresaw that under the extraordinary measures of the governor and legislature of this State aggressions would soon commence against the General Government on the part of these opposes of it, and of all who were in such a state of hostilities, willing to support the State against would be taken by the State as soon as she felt able to sustain it. It was therefore necessary to meet this embarrassing complication as early as possible, and accordingly I proceeded yesterday with a large body of troops, supported by artillery, to the camp above referred to, and which is situated in the western part of the city, at what is known as Lindell's Grove, between Olive street and Laclede avenue, and arrived at 3.15 o'clock p. m., and demanded of General Frost, the commander, a surrender of his entire command. Copies of the correspondence are herewith inclosed.* Of the stores from Baton Rouge Arsenal, so far as understood, there were found three 32-pounder guns, one marotar, three mortar beds, and a large supply of shot and shells in ale barrels. All these artillery pieces were in boxer of heavy plank, and were addressed "Tamoroa, care of Greely &amp; Gale, Saint Louis," I. C. R. R.," to whom no delivery was made, this being a guise to cover the movement, and

---------------

*For General Frost's second letter of May 10, inclosed by Captain Lyon, see General Frost's protest, p. 7.

---------------

