
CAIRO, July 28, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

Rebels from Tennessee are concentrating at New Madrid, Mo., with the avowed intention of assaulting Bird's Point. They may intend going to Cape Girardeau. Colonel Marsh has no battery. I have none to spare. My command is merging from three months' to three years' service on half recess. Mustering in yesterday and to-day. I have but two 6-pounders prepared to move. I can hold Cairo and Bird's Point, but cannot move to intercept a large force going to Cape Girardeau. I suggest that Colonel Marsh, if not re-enforced, be sent to Bird's Point. Entire force at Cairo and Bird's Point 6,350.

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General.

CAIRO, July 28, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

On yesterday 3,000 rebels west of Bird's Point 40 miles, 300 at Madrid, and three regiments from Union City ordered there; also troops from Randolph and Corinth. The number of organized rebels within 50 miles of me will exceed 12,000; that is, including Randolph troops ordered, and not including several companies opposite, in Kentucky.

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 28, 1861 - 1 a. m.

Brigadier-General LYON,

Commanding Forces West, Springfield, Mo.:

SIR: Another scout has just returned, and reports from 1,000 to 2,000 men in the vicinity of Carthage, moving this way; another of 600 at Sarcoxie, and another of 60 at Bowers' Mills, all moving this way. He learned from the scouts of the party at Carthage that they were going to march on this place. My picket guard, 16 miles out in that direction, assured me, twenty minutes since, that I would have to be re-enforced. I at once sent a dispatch to Major Sturgis, calling for re-enforcements. This is an important point, and I will, without further order, sustain myself until re-enforced, if in my power. I have three picket guards outside the sentinels on each leading road in that direction at a distance of from 15 to 20 miles, and everything inside the camp on the alert. I started this morning a train of 13 wagons, with 348 bushels of wheat, to commissary division. The bearer of this, Mr. Samuel Appleby, has charge of train. I will have to have material from Springfield to make sacks, as it is not to be had here. I can get them made, and will then forward flour.

In haste, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

CLARK WRIGHT,

Captain Dade County Mounted Home Guards, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Springfield, Mo., July 28, 1861.

Major STURGIS, Commanding Camp McClellan:

MAJOR: The general commanding directs that five companies of Colonel Andrews' regiment Missouri volunteers, and two cavalry com

