
secessionists in that region are more bold than before, and have recommenced mustering under the military laws of the State, which are obnoxious to the Union men, and to which they will not submit. The Union men of that region of the State are indignant and mortified at the terms of the treaty. Many have become disheartened, have abandoned their property and their crops, and are leaving the State. The same feelings have taken hold of many families on the border, in Iowa. I have seen several families who, abandoning everything to the fates, have returned to friends in other States. The loyal men of both States, separated merely by an imaginary line, have the same sympathies in a common cause. Whatever excitement is raised or demonstration made in Missouri tending to injure the property and destroy the lives of Union men of that State appeals for aid to friends and neighbors in Iowa; nor do they appeal in vain. The arming and military parades made by our companies along the border at most points have produced most salutary effects; it strengthens and inspires the Union men of Missouri, and carries over to them the neutrals and a great many terror-stricken secessionists. They voluntarily come forward every day and take the oath of allegiance.

In connection with the subject of my last dispatch to you, I would say that at least 1,500 citizens of Iowa left their harvest fields and families and rushed into Missouri to the relief of the Union men. These citizens were armed in every conceivable manner, without officers, system, or drill. They generally traversed a country broken with timber and undergrowth. Had the rebels displayed sufficient nerve and skill they might have killed and captured them all; or had a general engagement taken place, our citizens, without officers, system, or drill, might have slaughtered each other.

The loyal men of Missouri express their gratitude to the people of Iowa for their timely aid and support on every trying occasion. Everything they possessed was cheerfully offered free of charge to render our citizens as comfortable as possible. I know several gentlemen who not only fed hundreds of Missouri citizens and their horses daily, for over a week at a time, but spent hundreds of dollars, sometimes their last dollar, in this benevolent manner. On account of the excitement and constant alarm along the border our citizens lost much valuable time by frequent hurrying to arms; therefore a vast amount of grain was lost on the fields.

In view of apprehended outbreaks, sooner or later, on the border of Ringgold and Taylor Counties, I have ordered into camp at this place those companies which have received marching orders and are already on the way to the scene of difficulty. For the reasons before stated, coupled with the news of our late reverses at Manassas Junction, the rebels here and elsewhere will be inspired with new vigor. I came into camp last night with three companiees; the rest will follow to-day and to-morrow. I have commenced systematizing every department of the service, placing the most competent men in the various positions; the strictest discipline will be adopted, and drill performed as in the United States service. Every arrangement necessary for the comfort and health of the soldiers will be carried out. The most rigid economy will be practiced, and an exact account rendered of every cent of expense incurred. The times are such that the people demand that something be done at once and effectively. We are so situated on the border that when we are called upon to act we must act at once. Heretofore we had no system; if called into action, our men were liable to be cut off by the enemy and by one another. All the companies called

