
unappropriated. I applied to him yesterday for $ 100,000 for my paymaster, General Andrews, but was refused. We have not an hour for delay. There are three courses open to me: one to let the enemy possess himself of some of the strongest points in the State, and threaten Saint Louis, which in insurrectionary; second, to force a loan from secession banks here; third, to use the money belonging to the Government, which is in the treasury here. Of course, I will neither lose the State nor permit the enemy a foot of advantage. I have infused energy and activity into the department, and there is a thorough good spirit in officers and men. This morning I will order the treasurer to deliver the money in his possession to General Andrews, and will send a force to the treasury to take the money, and will direct such payments as the exigency requires. I will hazard everything for the defense of the department you have confided to me, and I trusts to you for support.

With respect and regard, I am, yours, truly,

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., July 30, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN POPEE, U. S. A.,

Commanding North Missouri District, Mexico, Mo.:

SIR: The general has ordered the Fifth and Sixth Iowa Regiments from Burlington to Keokuk, Iowa. Colonel Worthington is the senior officer, and has been ordered to report to you immediately upon the arrival of the regiments under his command. The general has also authorized a battalion of riflemen, which is now employed along the Southern Iowa line, under the command of Governor Kirkwood's aide, to move into Missouri, for the protection of citizens, when called upon, reporting any such movement to you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 3. Mexico, July 31, 1861.

The commanding general in North Missouri being about to assemble in one camp, away from the railroad lines, all of the forces under his command, has determined to commit to the people of North Missouri the peace and quietude of their own section, and with these the safety of their property. Certainly the people of the various counties have to-day the same machinery of government and the same power of self-protection against lawless marauders as they had a year ago, and it only needs the same active agency and the same common interest to bring together for such a purpose all those who have anything at stake. It is demonstrated by sufficient testimony, and by the experience of the past two weeks, that the disturbances in Northern Missouri have been made by small parties of lawless marauders, which at any other time could have been easily suppressed with no more than the usual exertions of the people against breaches of the peace in times past. Certainly quiet and good order are of all things desirable in civilized communities, and should form a common bond of union between citizens of

27 R R - VOL III.

