HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., August 6, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War, Washington City:

SIR: I am desirous of placing a force of 3,000 men near the southern part of New Mexico, from which to threaten Arkansas and Texas. In operating in the Indian Territory and Arkansas we will be met and opposed by a large force of Texans, now encamped near to San Antonio, unless we keep them idle by a force threatening them with attack. The northern central portion of Texas is loyal, but at this time is overawed by rangers. A force occupying El Paso, Tex., could be moved either upon San Antonio or into the Indian Territory, and thence into Arkansas. The rebels have a large number of troops scattered along the frontier, which our force would threaten, and we would thus keep idle three times the number of our own troops. The force designed for El Paso should be drawn from the Pacific States, and should be composed largely of artillery and cavalry, and should be moved by steamer to Guaymas, and thence by land to its destination. I would therefore urge upon you the great necessity to the public service of having this brigade placed in motion at once from California to El Paso.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 6, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT, U. S. A.,

Commanding Western Department, Cairo:

All the regular troops are ordered out of New Mexico. The first detachment will leave about the 15th instant. Volunteers raised in New Mexico are reported unreliable in defending the large amount of United States property there. These stores cannot be moved East. There is danger of their falling into the hands of the Texans. Nevertheless the regulars must come away as ordered. At least two regiments of volunteers, say from Kansas, should be sent without delay to New Mexico, with a competent officer for the immediate command of all the troops there. Confer with the governor of Kansas, and arrange for the safety of New Mexico as soon as practicable.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 6, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT, Commanding, Saint Louis:

Orders have been sent Governor Morton to forward five regiments to your department. Hoffmann's battery of artillery, from Cincinnati, has been ordered to report to you for orders.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., August 6, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN POPE, U. S. A.,

Commanding North Missouri District, Mexico, Mo.:

SIR: The general directs that you send to this city immediately the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and Twenty-first Illinois Regiments; also Colo

