
nel Marshall's regiment of Illinois cavalry. Colonel Marshall, with parts of his regiment and others, will be to-day at Hannibal. You are directed to use the utmost possible dispatch in carrying out the above orders. The quartermaster has been directed to furnish transportation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Camp Fremont, Cape Girardeau, August 6, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT:

SIR: After my dispatches to you yesterday, via Jonesborough, I proceeded rapidly as possible, expecting momentarily to be attacked. Work was prosecuted industriously the entire night, and this morning I could have given them a warm reception. They seem, however, to have changed their minds, as my scouts of to-day report their advance as having fallen back to about 3 miles northwest of Lakeville, near Hickory Ridge. To-day the springs at Benton are being cleaned out, evidently with the intention of forming a camp there. By to-morrow evening, if they will let me alone, with the ordnance you are sending, I can hold out against any probable force they may send, and will then proceed with fortifications, as originally designed. Men in good spirits. They labored hard and willingly. Major Kappner, of your staff, assisted by Captain Fladd, were indefatigable in their exertions. The present appearance of the works of itself speaks their capability. Will keep you constantly advised.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. MARSH,

Colonel 20th Ill. Vols., Commanding U. S. Forces at Cape Girardeau.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, August 7, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

MY DEAR SIR: The within paper, as you see, is by Honorable John S. Phelps and Honorable Frank P. Blair, jr., both members of the present Congress from Missouri. The object is to get up an efficient force of Missourians in the southwestern part of the State. It ought to be done, and Mr. Phelps ought to have general superintendence of it. I see by a private report to me from the Department that eighteen regiments are already accepted from Missouri. Can it not be arranged that part of them (not yet organized, as I understand) may be taken from the locality mentioned and put under the control of Mr. Phelps, and let him have discretion to accept them for a shorter term than three years or the war - understanding, however, that he will get them for the full term if he can? I hope this can be done, because Mr. Phelps is too zealous and efficient and understands his ground too well for us to lose his service. Of course provision for arming, equipping, &amp; c., must be made. Mr Phelps is here, and wishes to carry home with him authority for this matter.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

