
force under your command, holding meanwhile your position until further orders, and communicating daily with these headquarters. A locomotive has been placed at Ironton at the orders of the commanding officer of the post. Lieutenant-Colonel Kallmann is holding the road between Ironton and Saint Louis with a sufficient force, and you will direct him to withdraw the rolling stock of the road to this place in the event of an attack by a greatly superior force, and take such other further measures as your judgment may suggest.

By order of Major General John C. Fremont:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 7. Ironton, Mo., August 8, 1861.

In pursuance of instructions from department headquarters, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Military District of Ironton.

Colonel B. Gratz Brown, who is relieved by this order, will hold himself in readiness to move to Saint Louis to-morrow with the portion of his regiment now here. On his arrival at Saint Louis he will report to Major-General Fremont for orders.

Byy order of U. S. Grant, brigadier-general, commanding:

M. S. HASIE,

Post Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, August 9, 1861.

Honorable MONTGOMERY BLAIR, Washington:

MY DEAR MR. BLAIR: The greater part of the old troops, especially the foreign element, is going out of service. The new levies are literally the rawest ever got together. They are reported by the officers to be entirely unacquainted with the rudiments of military exercise. To bring them before the enemy in their present condition would be to have only an unmanageable mob. I can remedy this if I can be authorized by the President and Secretary of War to collect throughout the States instructed men who have seen service. With them I could make a skeleton - meager enough, but still a frame-work - on which to form the army. This authority ought to be allowed, and the cost of transportation. Don't lose time, but get it quick. I assure you it will require all we can do, and to do it in the best manner, to meet the enemy.

I ought to be supplied here with four or five millions of dollars, and the disbursing officers allowed to sell them at the ruling discount. All such equipments as I can procure abroad in much less time than I could get them here I ought to be allowed to send for.

These are my suggestions. They are valuable. Pray act upon them; and what you do do quick. It would subserve the public interest if Commander John Rodgers were removed and an officer directed to report to me to have command of the operations on the Mississippi. Show this to the President.

The contest in the Mississippi Valley will be a severe one. We had best meet it in the face at once, and by so doing we can rout them. Who now serves the country quickly serves her twice.

Yours, truly,

J. C. FREMONT.

