HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, August 9, 1861.

MY DEAR MR. BLAIR: I am told that a gentleman, a friend to our side, has gone on to Washington to offer some Kentucky regiments, I understand, to have them serve with me. Have them accepted, if you can, for me. I want to occupy the Mississippi River part of Kentucky, and would prefer to do it with Kentucky men.

Major Hagner telegraphs Captain Callender (ordnance) that all my cavalry equipments and harness, arranged for with him in New York, have been ordered to Washington. I do not think this quite right.

Yours, truly,

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Ironton, Mo., August 9, 1861.

Captain JOHN C. KELTON, Asst. Adjt. General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Inclosed herewith please find consolidated report of the troops at this place as near as can be given at present.* I arrived here yesterday, and assumed command, in pursuance of directions from Major General J. C. Fremont. Since that time I have studied he nature of the ground it may become necessary for me to defend, the character of the troops, and the means, &amp; c., to do it with. From all that I have yet learned from spies and loyally-disposed citizens, I am led to believe that there is no force within 30 miles of us that entertain the least idea of attacking this position, unless it should be left so weak as to invite an attack. It is fortunate, too, if this is the case, for many of the officers seem to have so little command over their men, and military duty seems to be done so loosely, that I fear at present our resistance would be in the inverse ratio of the number of troops to resist with. In two days more, however, I expect to have a very different state of affairs and to improve it continuously. Spies are said to be seen every day within a few miles of our camp; marauding parties are infesting the country, pillaging Union men, within 10 miles of here. At present I can spare no force; in fact, have not suitable troops to drive these guerrillas out and afford to Union citizens of this place or neighborhood the protection I feel they should have. Artillery and cavalry are much needed, and the quartermaster's department is yet quite deficient. The number of teams would scarcely suffice for the use of this as a military post without making any forward movement, and the horses of those we have are many of them barefoot and without forage. I have taken steps to remedy those latter defects.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Ironton, Mo., August 10, 1861.

Captain JOHN C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Since my report of yesterday no change has taken place in the strength or position of this command. No information has been re

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

