
ceived to lead to the supposition that this place is in danger of an immediate attack. The enemy, however, reconnoiters to within a few miles of our picket guards, and I would therefore urgently recommend that cavalry and field artillery be sent here as early as they can be spared. From information received to-day, which I am disposed to think reliable, General Hardee, is at Greenville, with 2,000 men and six or eight field pieces, with 1,000 more troops thrown forward to Stoney Battery, near Brunot. Of this force one-third is represented to be cavalry, well mounted and equipped. This being a healthy location, I would recommend that one or two of the newly-organized regiments, say Smith's, now at Jefferson Barracks, and some other one, be sent here for drill and discipline. This would enable me to use the troops now here for scouting parties without calling upon the new volunteers for much service, that would take them from their drill. If equipments complete for one hundred mounted men could be spared, particularly the carbines and revolvers, they could be efficiently used here. The twenty-four mounted Home Guards now here are destitute of suitable arms, and are almost useless in consequence.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, August 10, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Saint Louis:

DEAR SIR: At the present time the counties of Monroe, Ralls, Marion, and Shelby are infested by bands of armed men, encamped in different places, and frequently changing their place of encampment. It is believed that at the present time a large majority of the people of Monroe and Ralls Counties favor secession. In Marion and Shelby the majority is not so large. I think the number in camp in these counties must be between 1,000 and 2,000, and such is the communication kept up between them, that if they desired to concentrate a force at any point, I have no doubt they could bring out over 2,000 at short notice, including those who are usually at home at their work. In addition to the rifles and shot-guns of the country they have some muskets with bayonets; these are said to be about 400 in number. They also have two cannon, 6 and 9 pounders, made at Hannibal. It is said they have others, taken from the Liberty Arsenal. I think they have others.

These men are exceedingly bitter in their feelings of hostility, and have been led on until many of them are fit for any deed. Usually they are ignorant; they are fed on falsehood, and are encouraged in their course in the strong belief that Jackson is soon to reinstate himself as governor of the State. To this the defeat at Manassas and the invasion of the State from the South, aided by false statement, such as that Bird's Point has been taken and that Lyon and Sigel have been cut up, give great encouragement.

It must be confessed that there have been many aggravating causes to produce this state of things. You already know the many depredations committed by the soldiery. Perhaps this has not been the worst. Frightful stories as to what the soldiers would do if they came into the State preceded them on their approach to a place. Many were ready to run from fright. It occurred to my knowledge in a good many cases where men thus ran and did not obey the order to halt - which very

28 R R - VOL III

