
the protection of Union citizens of that section. Furnish me at once with a return of all such forces, showing their number, station, place of enrollment, equipment, and the authority under which they are acting. Leave a confidential person at Keokuk to communicate every day with me by telegraph, giving me all information pertaining to your operations, the state of your command, and of the country you are operating in. Communicate with the commanding officer along the line of Hannibal and Saint Joseph road, and comply with any instructions he may give you for concerted action.

A brigadier-general in the United States service will be sent to that region of country, under whose command you will place yourself and all your forces, as well as the Home Guards. Until his arrival you will yourself exercise this command. I wish you always to bear in mind that it is my purpose to enlist the entire agency of the secessionists in the preservation of peace among themselves and their neighbors, under the severe penalties prescribed. I call your particular attention to Special Orders, Numbers 9, herewith inclosed.*

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding in North Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, August 11, 1861.

To Colonel SCHAEFER,

Commanding Second Regiment Missouri Volunteers:

SIR: Information has just reached this department that this morning a force of cavalry about 150 strong took possession of Potosi. A train of cars will be immediately sent to Jefferson Barracks, upon which you will forthwith proceed with your regiment to Mineral Point, on the Iron Mountain Railroad, and from that place you will, either by railroad or on foot, as may seem to you most expedient, but using all possible precaution, advance upon and retake Potosi, and hold it at all hazards, endeavoring, if possible, to take prisoners. Orders have been given to replace immediately the Home Guards under Colonel Kallmann, hitherto stationed on that railroad.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., August 12, 1861.

Colonel J. MCNEIL, U. S. Reserve Corps, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Inasmuch as the term of the several regiments of the U. S. Reserve Corps in Saint Louis has expired, or in a few days will expire, and the men be paid off, and as the present state of political affairs in Missouri, as well as the movements and designs of the enemy, will not permit their being permanently disbanded, I have determined, in order to promote the common welfare and protect public and private property, to have them forthwith reorganized.

The new organization will comprise five regiments of infantry, with a reserve of two companies to each; two squadrons of cavalry; and two batteries of light artillery.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

