
way of Caledonia to this place. Bring with you as guide Mr. J. O. Sawyer, the bearer of this, and any one of the Home Guards you may choose. They will be sent home by rail. You will do all you can to capture the party of rebels who are infesting the country through which you pass, but be careful about crediting reports you receive from citizens. When it is necessary to get provisions for your men, you will take them from active secessionists, if practicable; if not practicable, from Union or law-abiding citizens, giving an order on the post commissary here for the pay. Compel persons whose teams you press to send teamsters to take the teams back. You have my private instructions how to conduct this pressing business so as to make it as little offensive as possible. Order the train taking Mr. Sawyer to return to this place immediately.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, August 13, 1861.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

General Lyon's aide reports engagement, with severe loss on both sides; General Lyon killed; Colonel Sigel, in command, retiring in good order from Springfield toward Rolla. Let the governor of Ohio be ordered forthwith to send me what disposable force he has; also governors of Illinois, Indiana, and Wisconsin. Order the utmost promptitude. The German (Groesbeck's) Thirty-ninth Regiment, at Camp Dennison, might be telegraphed directly here. We are badly in want of field artillery, and to this time very few of our small-arms have arrived.

J. C. FREMONT,

General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 13, 1861.

His Excellency Gov. WILLIAM DENNISON, Columbus, Ohio:

Send the Groesbeck (Thirty-ninth) Regiment and all other available force to General Fremont without a moment's delay. Give him full supply of field artillery and small-arms. Advise this Department of your action.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 13, 1861.

His Excellency Gov. O. P. MORTON, Indianapolis, Ind.:

Send all the organized and available force to General Fremont without delay. Give him full supply of field artillery and small-arms. The utmost promptitude is desired. Advise this Department of your action.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[Same to Governor Randall, Wisconsin, and Governor Yates, Illinois.]

