
captured Mr. William M. Price wantonly burned his father's warehouse and took away a large quantity of corn and 60 mules. Similar outrages are believed to have been very lately committed at the farm of General N. W. Watkins, near Cape Girardeau, and also by Colonel Marsh's troops. I therefore, in the interest of humanity, lay these matters before you, and request a frank answer to these inquiries:

Does this conduct of Colonel Marsh and his troops meet your approval? If not, what steps do you propose to take in respect to the guilty parties and in order to prevent the repetition of such conduct?

It is the desire of the Missouri State authorities to conduct the present was according to civilized usages, and any departure from them by Missouri forces will be properly punished by their officers if aware of it. I deem it proper to add that on seeing Colonel Marsh's letter I immediately instructed the general commanding the Missouri State Guard in this district to hold in close custody a number of prisoners recently taken by him and belonging to your forces. Should Colonel Marsh's future treatment of Messrs. Curd and Pricee necessitate the hanging of any of those prisoners in retaliation, I am content that impartial men shall judge who is morally responsible for their melancholy fate.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. REYNOLDS,

Acting Governor of Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DIVISION, MO. S. G.,Camp Sikeston, August 17, 1861.

Colonel C. C. MARSH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

SIR: I send Edmund Burke, a citizen of Scott County, as bearer of letters from Governor T. C. Reynolds to General Fremont and yourself. Governor Reynolds has sent me a copy of these letters, and I will take it upon myself to remark, in addition to the letters of Governor Reynolds, that whenever such threats are used as that which is believed to have been uttered by you in the letter referred to, or that whenever any such threats are carried into execution, I will retaliate to the utmost of my ability.

Yours, &amp; c.,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

STEAMER LEXINGTON, August 18, 1861.

Colonel OGLESBY, Commanding, Cairo, Ill.:

SIR: I have the honor to report for your information, I got under way about 9 o'clock last night, ran up the Mississippi River, and anchored opposite Smith's Point, agreeably to the request of Colonel Waagner.

In the morning at daylight we got under way and went up to the town of Commerce, Mo., where we found the people in a great state of excitement and terror from apprehensions of violence from the rebels, whom they report to be in force from 800 to 1,000. They report these secession forces as armed mainly with shot-guns and rifles. Some few have muskets. Many of these troops are reported as being very young - boys from 12 to 14 years of age.

