
enough for two days' rations, giving orders on the county. In addition contrary to all general orders, many citizens were arrested without cause, and generally soon discharged. Houses also have bene opened and searched, and for no good reason. Then, as a sample of what is done by some officers, last week a man named McAfee (speaker of the last house of representatives) was arrested. General Hurblut ordered him to be set to digging trenches and pits for necessaries, at which he was kept all one day when the mercury ranged about 100 degrees in the shade. A few days after he was taken from Macon to Palmyra, and the general ordered him to be tied on the top of the cab on the engine. It was prevented by our men, who, when persuasion failed, the engineer swore he would not run the engine if it was done (and I upheld him in it), and as he was being marched to the engine to mount it the signal was given, and the being marched to the engine to mount it the signal was given, and the train started, giving them barely time to get on the cars. When there is added to this the irregularities of the soldierly-such as taking poultry, pigs, milk, butter, preserves, potatoes, horses, and in fact everything they want; entering and searching houses, and stealing in many cases; committing rapes on the negroes and such like things-the effect has been to make a great many Union men inveterate enemies, and if these things continue much longer, our cause is ruined. These things are not exaggerated by me, and, though they do not characterize all the troops, several regiments have conducted in this way, and have also repeatedly fired on peaceable citizens-sometimes from trains as they passed-and no punishment, or none of any account, has been meted out to them. Then, drunkenness is great curse f officers and men. Fremont would no doubt be glad to have things different, but he has a great deal of care and responsibility thrown upon him. It is a new sphere of duty, and one with which he cannot be very familiar. Then he hardly knows who to trust and confide in. I presume he feels that other parts o his field demand his attention more urgently, and he intrusts these matter to Pope and Hurlbut. "Then," he says to me, "the government appoints and sends these men.it is hard to get rid of them. I must prefer charges and maintain them," &amp;c. If the thing goes on this way much longer, we are ruined. I fear we cannot run the road or live in country except under military protection. It is enough to drive a people to madness, and it is doing it fast. I heard a good Union man in Palmyra, who keeps a hate, say: "I am doing what I can and feeling these men. I get nothing: $1,000 will not make me whole, and if it goes on much longer I am ruined, and if this is the way my property must go I would rather apply a torch to it." I urged upon Fremont that the best disposal he could make of the money it would require would be to appoint a commission to appraise the damage and loss occasioned by the lawless acts of the soldiery and have them paid. The members of one regiment at one time sent over sixty horses and mules to Quincy, with orders to send them to Chicago and sell them on their owners; which was done, I think, it most cases. This same regiment, it is claimed, took off severs negroes when they left town, and I think there is no doubt of it. I shall now make a strong effort to have these abuses corrected. I hope to succeed. If I fail here, I shall have to depend upon influences to be brought to bear elsewhere. I say again we shall be ruined in our cause unless there is a change. I can fully substantiate all I have written.

