
Extracts from letter of J. T. K. Hayward to J. W. Brooks, dated "Steamer Jennie Deans, August 14, 1861."

I am on my way from Saint Louis home. I have waited on General Pope with a committee from our county, and have succeeded in obtaining promises from him which are tolerably satisfactory. I hope he will carry them out.

The news of recent movements in the State is exciting, and I fear its effect on our community. It is of great importance that the Government should be successful here and elsewhere now. The death of General Lyon casts a gloom over us all. Troops at the Iron Mountain are threatened, but have not been taken, as it was reported this morning. I think if re-enforced soon, as is intended, the enemy will be in shape to be cut off completely. I hope it will be done.

Saint Louis is under martial law, but is is quiet now. I think it will be, although many anticipate trouble at any time, and no doubt it would require but little to start a fight. It is thought there are 8,000 secessionists in the city who would rise if they saw a chance to do so with any hope of success. Over 7,000 are organized and armed for the Government, and have signals so arranged that they can be got together at their rendezvous in 20 minutes. I fear there are about 18,000 troops in Saint Louis to-day; besides, there is great activity in military circles. No one can see what will turn up next. There seems to be at present in our part of the State a disposition on the part of good citizens of secession sympathies to cease hostilities and urge those who will fight to enlist and join the regular forces. The partial success of the rebels, and the fact that in greatly superior force they are constantly advancing into the State, is what I most fear. On the other hand, it is very strange, with all our boasted superiority in men and resources, that the rebels manage at nearly every point to meet our troops with greatly superior numbers. I want to see the war offensive on our part. This course of events will soon ruin our cause before the world.

Extract from letter of J. T. K. Hayward to J. W. Brooks, dated "Hannibal, August 17, 1861."

Most of this week has been spent in efforts for peace and conciliation. Things were getting to such a pass here that no one felt safe, and all could see that the matter as it was going on old soon be much worse, and men on either side would be shot down at sight, while property would be entirely insecure. I thing it is a consciousness of this that has made our most respectable and leading secessionists manifest a desire of late to have a stop put to this irregular warfare. At least I have taken advantage of this disposition and worked with them. I trust, to some purpose; it remains to be seen to how much. Our train was fired into last night, and one man killed and three wounded. It was a train mostly of soldiers. A ball passed close to the head of the conductor, aimed, as is believed, at him expressly. Two of our best runners have left in consequence of their trains being fired on. We intend, however, to run the road if Farley and myself have to go on the engines and run them. But we must have a change in our military rule here or we are helplessly gone. It is a load the Union men cannot bear.

Yours, truly,

J. T. K. HAYWARD.

