
train. As soon as the train was stopped it was ascertain that a keg or part of a keg of powder had been put upon the track, and so arranged with combustibles as that it would explode when the train went over it. It did explode, but most fortunately without injuring any person or damaging the track in the least. I immediately dispatched 40 of my best-mounted men to the point, with orders to re-enforce the guards already on the road and to arrest any suspicious persons they might find. A messenger is just in from them, and informs me they have found two places where the rials have been removed from the track, evidently with the intention of destroying the train with troops which was to have left here at 3 o'clock this morning. As soon as it is light enough to admit I shall start the train, on which is embarked the Second Kansas Regiment and some good track-repairers, and I trust there will be but little delay in getting through. The receipt of this will enable you to judge.

I am of the opinion that two good and full regiments should be sent here at once, one of them to go into camp at Salem, Dent County, and one at Saint James Station, a point 12 miles east of this, on the Southwest Branch of the Pacific Railroad. By this means we could scour the counties of Crawford, Dent, Phelps, and Maries thoroughly, and not weaken this post to a degree that would be impolitic or dangerous. I shall write you again by the 10.30 a. m. train, giving you any and all further information I may become acquainted with.

I am, general, respectfully and obediently, yours,

J. B. WYMAN,

Commanding at Rolla.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, Mo., August 29, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM GILPIN, Governor Colorado Territory:

SIR: I am instructed by Major-General Fremont to say that you have authority to increase your force to 1,000 men, so that you can send the companies to relieve the garrison at Fort Wise. That garrison, when relieved, is ordered to repair to Santa Fe and report to Colonel E. R. S. Canby.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. EATON,

Major, U. S. Army, and Military Secretary.

PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Saint Louis, August 30, 1861.

Circumstances, in my judgment, of sufficient urgency render it necessary that the commanding general of this department should assume the administrative powers of the State. Its disorganized condition, the helplessness of the civil authority, the total insecurity of life, and the devastation of property by bands of murderers and marauders, who infest nearly every county of the State, and avail themselves of the public misfortunes and the vicinity of a hostile force to gratify private and neighborhood vengeance, and who find an enemy wherever they find plunder, finally demand the severest measures to repress the daily-

