
war on our border, and consequently may not be impartial in their reports, I desire to say that we are in no danger of invasion, provided the Government stores at Fort Scott are sent back to Leavenworth and the Lane brigade is removed from the border. It is true small parties of secessionists are to be found in Missouri, but we have good reason to know that they do not intend to molest Kansas in force until Jackson shall be reinstated as governor of Missouri. Indeed, when a short time since a guerrilla party came over and stole some property from our citizens, the officers in command of the Confederates compelled a return of the property, and offered to give up the leader of the gang to our people for punishment. But what we have to fear, and do fear, is that Lane's brigade will get up a war by going over the line, committing depredations, and then returning into our State. This course will force the secessionists to put down any force we may have for their own protection, and in this they will be joined by nearly all the union men of Missouri. If you will remove the supplies at Fort Scott to the interior, and relieve us of the Lane Brigade, I will guarantee Kansas from invasion from Missouri until Jackson shall drive you out of Saint Louis.

I am progressing rapidly with the organization of the Home Guard, and have arranged for speedily filling one of the New Mexico regiments. With reference to the other, I am expecting to hear from your secretary. A gentleman here thinks he could furnish five companies for the Second New Mexico Regiment in a short time if Mr. Wood has not filled it.

Could I have one company of cavalry and one of artillery in the Home Guard regiment, provided the State furnish the guns or a part of them and the cavalry company furnish their own horses and horse equipments? If so, I should like it.

I think the outfit for the New Mexico regiments could be purchased here to good advantage, so far as mules, wagons, and provisions, are concerned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. ROBINSON.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 2, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

MY DEAR SIR: Two points in your proclamation of August 30 give me some anxiety:

First. Should you shoot a man, according to the proclamation, the Confederates would very certainly shoot our best men in their hands in retaliation: and, so man for man, indefinitely. It is, therefore, my order that you allow no man to be shot under the proclamation without first having my approbation or consent.

Second. I think there is great danger that the closing paragraph,in relation to the confiscation of property and the liberating slaves of traitorous owners, will alarm our Southern Union friends and turn them against us; perhaps ruin our rather fair prospect for Kentucky. Allow me, therefore, to ask that you will, as of your own motion, modify that paragraph so as to conform to the first and fourth sections of the act of Congress entitled "An act to confiscate property used for insurrectionary purposes," approved August 6, 1861, and a copy of which act I herewith send you.

This letter is written in a spirit of caution and not of censure. I

