
Colonel Mulligan's command is progressing well, and nothing is to be apprehended from him-other than success.

News from the country south and west of this confirms my reports of yesterday.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Colonel Twenty-second Indiana, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Jefferson City, Mo., September 6, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: The news since yesterday is till more convincing that Price, Parsons, and Rains are directing their movements up the Osage, with the view eventually, I think, of taking position somewhere on the river above here, probably just below Lexington.

Their movements certainly threaten Fort Scott, and they may attack it; but their intention is, in my judgment, to take a strong position on the river and cut us off from the forces above. This is necessary for them to do in order to get the forces and supplies now raised in Northeast Missouri across the river.

In my communications to General Pope some days ago I ventured to suggest he propriety of sending a reliable force to occupy Warsaw or some point in that vicinity. A well managed force at this point would in a great measure prevent recruits and supplies being raised there for McCulloch's forces. It would render Price's movements very insecure, as he would be nearly if not quite cut off from McCulloch, and might, if he moves farther north, be easily captured by a concentrated movement of troops upon him this place, Fort Scott, Warsaw, and Lexington.

The plan submitted to you by Major Kraut for the defense of this place meets with my approval. A few well-selected sites for field-works, flanked and supported by a series of block-houses, abatis, &amp;c., seem to be the best I could recommend. The material for building here is abundant, and sites which would secure them from the range of the enemy's artillery can generally be found. Should you think proper to order these works to be commenced it would do much to allay the fears of the citizens of this place. There seems to be no grounds of fear from immediate danger, but they think so.

The Home Guards give me much trouble on account of not being clothed and equipped. When called upon for duty they make this a complaint.

Reports (not very reliable) last night state that Colonel Worthington had take possession of Columbia. The rebels evacuated it at his approach, but had made a stand some 4 miles from there in such force that he was doubtful about attacking them. I have a regiment and boats in readiness to succor him at once should it be necessary.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Colonel Twenty-second Indiana Volunteers.

SAINT LOUIS, September 6, 1861.

Brigadier-General POPE:

SIR: According to the report received at these headquarters, Colonel Williams, with his command of 800 men, has been forced to retreat from

