
Saint Louis. I do not know if General Smith has been re-enforced or not. He returned here the battalion of Oglesby's regiment, which he was started to retain until re-enforcements did arrive. Pillow has not yet started for Paducah. I will telegraph you any re-enforcement that arrive at this place.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS.,September 9, 1861.

General J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade, Fort Lincoln, Kans.:

GENERAL: I received your note of the 7th last evening, and the communication by Lieutenant Hollister, U. S. Army, at the same time. As requested, I will forward copies. Indeed, I have forwarded to General Fremont copies of will your reports, in order to place before that officer a full comprehensive view of affairs in your section of country.

You are not aware that the communication with Saint Louis via the Hannibal and Saint Joseph road is and has been cut off the past week, and in order to obtain a co-operation of the troops at Jefferson City, I have communicated by telegraph to Omaha, thence by mail to Burlington, thence by telegraph to General Fremont, suggesting the propriety of dispatching a column from Jefferson City to attack on the east whilst you were attacking on the west. This proposition will reach General Fremont to-night, the 9th. I have been, and shall continue to be, unceasing in my efforts to strengthen you with men and means; but, general, let me advise you to husband all your supplies, handled as veterans, but the everlasting admonition for economy will in time have its effects. I propose to send Lieutenant Hollister back to you in a day or two, after instructing him in the details of his duties, headquarters, to superintend the distribution of the supplies pertaining to that important branch of the public service. I hope you ill adopt early and active measures to crush out this marauding which is being enacted in Captain Jenninson's name, as also yours, by a band of men representing themselves as belonging to your command. Captain Wilder will be able to give the details of their conduct at Leavenworth represented to you. Please have a formal examination into the plundering of private and public buildings which has recently taken place, as I am informed, at Fort Scott. It will be necessary for representation to higher authority and for the adjustment of the accounts of disbursing officers.

I have heard nothing as yet from Colonel Peabody. I inclose you an extract from an official letter received yesterday from Lieutenant Case, acting assistant quartermaster at Kansas City. I cannot strengthen the sentence by any official information. If the troops are there, they must have been sent from Jefferson City-ordered first upon Lexington, then west-and Colonel Peabody's command may be with them.

A few days since I recommended the employment of spies to scour the country 100 miles west of Scott, to give information of any movement of the enemy towards the Santa Fe road. I hope you have initiated the work.

