
From all I can learn Green's band is some place in the vicinity of Florida. Nothing has reached me yet from General Pope. Considering the raw character of the troops under my command, I would respectfully suggest that if a few companies of regular infantry could be spared from Rolla, they would add greatly to our hopes of success in case we should fall in with the whole rebel force. The rebels, further-more, are all, or nearly so, mounted; and should they feel disposed to scatter (which they are sure to do if we are too strong for them), it will be impossible to overtake them with infantry, and therefore more cavalry (particularly regular) is very desirable.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, September 9, 1861.

Colonel J. H. EATON, Military Secretary, Saint Louis:

COLONEL: I am instructed by Colonel Jefferson C. Davis, commanding at Jefferson City, to ask two additional regiments of infantry (Indiana), two batteries light artillery (Indiana), and some heavy guns for the field work now under constructed at that place. Colonel Davis instructed me to say that this force will be necessary to the execution of his plans touching Warsaw and other places in that direction. He would like to have the Indiana cavalry, if ready for service.

Respectfully,

GORDON TANNER,

Major, Twenty-second Indiana Volunteers.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 10, 1861.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, Cairo, Ill.:

Dispatch received. Push forward actively on the Missouri side. Move the gunboats cautiously in concert with the troops on shore, and confine yourself to holding the positions we have taken in Kentucky. Gratified to know that Frot Holt is progressing well. Inform General Smith that the Eleventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers, with three companies of regular cavalry and one company of volunteer cavalry, left for Paducah this morning at 4 o'clock.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, Ill., September 10, 1861.

Brigadier General C. F. SMITH,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Paducah, Ky.:

The heavy ordnance I proposed sending you has not yet arrived. As soon as it reaches here it will be forwarded. I am sending you to-day 50,000 rations. The artillery you asked for cannot be spared from here. I have, however, applied to General Fremont for two additional pieces, to be added to Lieutenant Willard's battery. I regret to say, also, that it will be impossible to send you cavalry from this post for the present. There are but three companies-only one of them fully

