
ment of clothing be sent here at once; also accouterments, arms, and tents. I am very glad to hear that cavalry is to come here immediately, and would also be pleased to hear of the expected arrival of more artillery.

I am of opinion that if a demonstration was made from Paducah towards Union City, supported by two columns on the Kentucky side from here, the gunboats, and a force moving upon Belmont, the enemy would be forced to leave Columbus, leaving behind their heavy ordnance. I submit this to your consideration, and will hold myself in readiness to execute this or any plan you may adopt. I inclose you a map, giving a sketch of the proposed field of operations.

I telegraphed to-day, requesting that six telescopes be sent here. They were suggested by Colonel Waagner, and I think are much needed. A large map of Kentucky is much needed. The Austrian muskets, now in the hands of some of our men, are reported to be entirely unreliable. The difficulty seems to be more in the cap than in the arm itself.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 12, 1861.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, Cairo, Ill.:

Fort Jefferson, just at this time, desires a battery. Be careful to find out all about the roads, taking all natural advantages for the advance as well as the retreat on the Mayfield Creek line from the Mississippi to Level (or Sevel, or the like), if the enemy cannot be prevented from crossing at Belmont, and should they move that way inform me, and present with a force on the Missouri as well as the Kentucky shores.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, September 12, 1861.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, Cairo, Ill.:

I will send you more troops. Keep me informed minutely.

J. C. FREMONT,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,

Cairo, Ill., September 12, 1861.

Colonel R. J. OGLESBY, Commanding, &amp;c., Norfolk, Mo.:

You will continue to occupy Norfolk. Thrown out pickets to keep you constantly informed of the movements of the enemy, but make no movement with the main body of your command without further instructions, unless it should be necessary for protection. Your whole command should have their baggage with them, and I gave directions to that effect yesterday. Have delivered to Colonel Waagner the accompanying order. I desire him to come here and report to me for other service.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

