
[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, Ill., September 12, 1861.

Colonel J. COOK, Commanding, &amp;c., Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

All boats passing your post not recognized as in the employ of the Government will be hailed and brought to, papers examined, and, if necessary, cargo. Everything must be done to prevent the enemy's receiving supplies.

The work on the fortifications should be pushed forward as rapidly as possible. Protect all loyal citizens in all their rights, but carry out the proclamation of General Fremont upon all subjects known to come under it. Keep out pickets and scouts, so that you cannot be surprised.

I have no information about the Home Guards under your command, but as long as they carry United States arms and Government rations, they are entirely subject to the orders of the commanding officer. Should they refuse to obey you, arrest the officers, disarm the soldiers, and report the matter at once to General Fremont, and also to me.

If you are strong enough to give protection to points distant from you, it may be done; but the cautious to have always the post protected.

I approve of your course in sending Captain Stewart's cavalry by boat. I should not have ordered them by land after the storm of yesterday.

See that your post is constantly kept supplied with rations, at least ten days ahead, and that a full supply of ammunition of all kinds is kept constantly on hand.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Mine Creek, September 12, 1861.

Captain PRINCE:

SIR: I am moving north with a smart little army of about 1,500. The attack at Humboldt compelled me to leave a larger force at Forts Scout and Lincoln and Barnesville than I intended. I left at Fort Scott about 800 troops, at Fort Lincoln about 300, and at Barnesville about 150. I have directed the erection of six stockades on our southern border; Captains Hit and Ford to erect one on Turkey Creek, on the neutral lands immediately south of Bourbon County; Captain Miller at Humboldt; Captain Scott at Le Roey; and other competent captains, one on Verdigris, one on Fall River, and one on Walnut.

I have ordered a system of signals to be established by which they can arouse the country. These stockades will soon be completed, and our southern border, I think, secure.

As yet I have heard nothing of Peabody or the force moving from Sedalia. I will move north and east as far as I can safely with my force until I can hear from them, and probably pitch into Butler, Harrisonville, and Papinsville, so as to disturb the rear of the advancing column of the enemy. My whole moving force will be at the Trading Post at 10 o'clock morning.

I have been compelled to dispatch a force from Fort Scott, and Ford and Holt from Turkey Creek, to follow the marauders who attacked Humboldt, with orders to follow them to the Arkansas line or take them. I have offered a reward of $1,000 for the head of Matthews.

J. H. LANE.

