
WASHINGTON, September 18, 1861.

Major-General FREMONT:

General Scott acquiesces to your wishes in your proposition to retain troops not already forwarded. He has telegraphed order to remain the two regiments which have left to Cincinnati to wait orders for a few days, if they have not passed beyond that city.

E. D. TOWNSEND.

SAINT LOUIS, MO.,

September 18, 1861.

General J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade:

SIR: Colonel Jefferson C. Davis, commanding at Jefferson City, has been ordered to increase his forces at the crossing of the Pacific Railroad artillery La Mine Creek to 5,000 men, adding, according to his judgment, artillery and cavalry; attack the rebels at Georgetown, and after defeating them take the road to Lexington.

Should he fail to defat the enemy, it is still confidently expected that he will be able to break through his lines, and, in co-operation with the forces stationed at Lexington, make a combined attack upon he rebel forces now menacing that place. You are, therefore, directed to march with your forces on the State Line road to Kansas City, pour yourself immediately in communication with Brigadier-General Sturgis, commanding at Lexington, and co-operate with him to defeat the enemy.

If the rebel forces should change their line of attack and advance upon Kansas City, the above-mentioned commanded will co-operate with you in the defense of that city.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO.,

September 18, 1861.

Brigadier-General STURGIS,

Commanding at Lexington, Mo.:

SIR: Colonel Jefferson C. Davis, commanding at Jefferson City, has been this day ordered to increase his forces at the crossing of the Pacific Railroad over La Mine Creek to 5,000 men, adding, according to his judgment, artillery and cavalry; attack the rebels at Georgetown, and after defeating them take the road to Lexington. Should be fail to defeat the enemy, it is still confidently expected that he will be able to break through his lines, and, in co-operation with you, make a combined attack upon the forces now surrounding Lexington.

General Lane, commanding the Kansas brigade, has been ordered t march his forces by the State Line road to Kansas City, and put himself immediately in communication with you, with a view of co-operating in these movements. Should the rebel forces, however, change their line of operation and attack Kansas City, you will unite with him and Colonel Davis in the defense of that place.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

