HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., September 18, 1861.

Colonel W. H. L. WALLACE, Commanding Bird's Point, Mo.:

I understand Colonel Oglesby's pickets have been driven in. Hold your command in readiness to afford all the assistance you can.

U. S. GRANT,Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., September 20, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT, Saint Louis, Mo.:

There has been nothing in the movements of the enemy for the last few days that I could learn worthy of note. They now seem to be falling back from Mayfield upon Columbus, Ky. I have received no confirmation of the rumor that General A. S. Johnston was to take command. I would respectfully call your attention to the fact that the Tenth Illinois Regiment, Colonel Morgan commanding, has but seven companies in it, and the Eleventh Illinois has but nine companies. These two regiments are commanded by colonels of experience, and who have profited by their experience. I would therefore urgently recommend that the governor of Illinois to assign companies to these regiments, to fill them up as soon as possible. I left here after I o'clock this morning for Cape Girardeau, and returned, arriving at 2 p. m. My visit was in reference to the Bittinger property, which has been taken possession of for purposes of fortification. I appointed a board of three officers to assess the damage done the property, and wanted to make an agreement myself for the monthly rent to be paid while held for the use of the Government. Mr. Bittinger was absent, however, and I left this part of the contract to be agreed upon hereafter. I find the fortifications progressing fairly, considering the large sick report at this point.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., September 20, 1861.

Brigadier General C. F. SMITH, Commanding, &amp;c., Paducah, Ky.:

Orders by telegraph have just reached me from headquarters Western Department for the gunboat Conestoga to proceed at once to Saint Louis. Will yon please communicate the order? I will send you one of the two left here to-morrow evening. One of them is now under-going repairs and cannot be got off the stocks before that time. I have just returned from Cape Girardeau, and consequently did not get your not inquiring of the position occupied by Colonel Waagner in time to answer by to-day's boat. The colonel has been appointed by General Fremont as chief of artillery, as I understand, and is addressed from headquarters as such. The position I do not know that I understand the full effect of, but I have ordered here that all reports from artillery companies shall come through colonel Waagner. I had no plan to submit to you for action; but Colonel Waagner, having been very active in the reconnaissances which I have ordered from time to time, some

