
of them extending near Columbus, I have talked to him of the plan I would approve or recommend if we were in a situation to advance. At present, however, the force is scarcely more than a weak garrison. Two of the most efficient regiments were ordered to Washington two days ago, and I sent you one-half of the field artillery left to me.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., September 21, 1861.

Colonel R. J. OGLESBY, Commanding, &amp;c., Norfolk, Mo.:

I have directed a reconnaissance in force on the Kentucky shore to be made to-day. You will please cross over about one-half of your command on Fort Jefferson, and follow up the expedition. Instruct the steamer that crosses you over that it is to run down the river this evening, to take you aboard at a landing below Island Numbers 1.

U. S. GRANT,Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., September 21, 1861.

Colonel J. G. LAUMAN, Commanding Fort Jefferson, Ky.:

I want a reconnaissance made in force from your command from Elliott's Mills towards the river at Bird's Landing, above Island Numbers 2. You will be supported by two gunboats, and Colonel Oglesby will be instructed to cross the river and follow in your rear. Let this expedition start as early as possible. Four companies of infantry will be sufficient to retain possession of Fort Jefferson.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Numbers 16. Saint Louis, Mo., September 21, 1861.

I. The following-named officers are hereby placed on duty in command of divisions as acting major-generals, the brigades composing the divisions to be hereafter designated:

Brigadier-General Pope.

Brigadier-General Sigel.

Brigadier-General Asboth.

Brigadier-General McKinstry.

II. The following-named officers are hereby placed on duty in command of brigades as acting brigadier-generals, the regiments composing the brigades to be hereafter designated:

Colonel Davis.

Colonel Mulligan.

Colonel Kelton.

Lieutenant-Colonel Totten.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

