
September 27, at 5 o'clock a. m., and will reach Kansas City Sunday, 29th.

I will leave at Fort Scott Major Judson's command of about 800 men, about 100 men at Fort Lincoln, and an irregular force which I have had organized and placed in forts all along the southern and eastern border. Inclosed you will find copies of reports of the commandants of Forts Scott, Lincoln, Barnesville, and some of the forts on the southern border, by which you will see all that has transpired at those points.*

You will see by the reports I inclose that rumors are rifle that there is a force moving on Southern Kansas. If such is the case, God only knows what is to become of Kansas when we move on Kansas City.

I hope, as you have now opened communication with me, to bear from you frequently. I trust you will approve the march on Osceola and its destruction. It was the depot of the traitors for Southwestern Missouri. The movement was intended, first, to destroy the ammunition train; second, as a demonstration for the relief of Peabody; third, hoping to hear of a force moving from Sedalia; and, fourth, a covered movement I supposed we would have to make to the north. Our march east was through Papinsville, Prairie City, down the south side of the Osage, returning through Pleasant Gap and Butler to this point.

I inclose you a printed copy of a proclamation* which I have issued, which it is hoped will meet your approbation.

But for the misfortune at Lexington this part of Missouri was safe.+

J. H. LANE.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., September 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

I have had the proper estimate made, completed this day, for a portion of the supplies and materials needed for the use of my artillery and cavalry. I have ordered the officers of the Quartermaster's Department to take immediate measures to procure the articles required. The proper estimates for funds will go forward by mail in one or two days. I have respectfully to ask that you will make arrangements with the Treasury Department, and advise me by telegraph, authorizing Captain P. T. Turnley, assistant quartermaster, to draw upon Treasury to amount of $2,500,000, payable in Treasury notes. This will enable me to continue operations most essential in this department. This estimate is exclusive of $1,700,000 estimated for some days ago, one-half of which amount is due to railroads in the West on account of military operations since the beginning of the war. I await your affirmative response to leave these headquarters to take the field.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., September 25, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. P. WOOD, Commanding Fort Holt, Ky.:

You will make a reconnaissance to-morrow towards Elliott's Mills, and beyond, if found practicable. Learn all you can of the movements

---------------

*Not found.

+Portion of this letter omitted above appears as report of skirmish, September 22, at Osceola, Mo., p. 196.

---------------

