
be correct, to order the troops now stationed at Fort Jefferson, Elliott's Mills, and Norfolk immediately to Bird's Point, leaving one battalion of infantry and a small detachment of cavalry at Fort Holt for the protection of the siege battery, and stationing the two gunboats near Island Numbers 1, to protect Fort Holt and control Norfolk. He was also instructed to make a demonstration against Charleston as son as the concentration of the all the troops at Bird's Point should be effected, and to prevent the advance of the enemy's forces through Charleston. You will in such case co-operate to the full extent of your ability with General Grant, and especially in the defense of Cape Girardeau. At the same time you will constantly watch the movements of the enemy in Kentucky, hold Paducah under all circumstances, and protect Smithland suitably for the control of the junction of the Cumberland and the Ohio Rivers. I have ordered a 24-pounder howitzer with abundant ammunition to be sent to you immediately. I have directed also that Noble's cavalry shall be armed as soon as practicable, and placed entirely under your orders. Should General Grant, however, need that cavalry for the defense of Cape Girardeau, you will send it to him.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, September 29, 1861.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,Saint Louis, Mo.:

Everything here is quiet, and no rumors to disturb it. I have heard this evening that Hardee has arrived at New Madrid from Bloomfield, probably to re-enforce Johnston at Columbus. I scarcely credit the rumor, but it may be true. There are quite a number of troops at this place doing service that have never been sworn in. I would respectfully request that a mustering officer be sent or some one already here be duly authorized to act as such.

I have in confinement here a soldier charged with willful and malicious murder, committed upon a fellow soldier. The crime was perpetrated in Missouri, where it is impossible to bring a criminal to justice by usual process. By law he cannot be tried in any court out of the State where the offense was committed. I would, therefore, ask if he cannot be tried by a military commission.

The cold season is now so nearly at hand, that it is time to think of providing winter quarters for the garrison that must necessarily occupy this place. Log huts could be cheaply built, but even they would call for the outlay of some money. Credit will not do at this place longer. I understand that the credit of the Government has been already used to the extent of some hundred thousand dollars, and no money ever paid out. This causes much murmuring among the citizens, and unless the paymaster is soon sent to pay off the troops the same may be expected from the soldiers. I would respectfully urge, therefore, that funds be ordered here for the quartermaster's department, and also that the troops be paid off as soon as practicable.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

