HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., October 1, 1861.

Colonel R. J. OGLESBY, Commanding, Norfolk, Mo.:

Despairing of being immediately re-enforced, I deem it the better part of valor to be prudent. You will therefore move your entire force back upon Bird's Point and take position there. Select your encampment with a view of leaving as clear a field for defense as possible. You will assume command at Bird's Point until such time as I may be able to brigade the command about this point.

U. S. GRANT,Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, October 1, 1861.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have to-day concentrated my command at this place, Bird's Point, and Fort Holt. The work of placing these points in a strong defensive condition will be prosecuted with all our force. There is no enemy on the Missouri side of the river from Cape Girardeau to New Madrid, except Jeff. Thompson's force at Belmont. I had troops in Charleston last evening. All quiet there. The pickets plying between Saint Louis and Cairo constantly leave freight at points above here intended for the interior. This enables the enemy to supply all his wants.

Day before yesterday I sent a force to Charleston to bring back goods that had been landed for that place. Accompanying is an inventory of the goods seized. I have my serious doubts whether there is any law authorizing this seizure, but feel no doubt about the propriety of breaking up the trade now carried on. I respectfully refer this matter to the general commanding the Western Department for instructions. There is evidently a large force moving from Columbus to the interior. Whether upon Paducah or not I do not know.

I received a dispatch from General Asboth to send two companies of cavalry from here to Georgetown, Mo., via Saint Louis. My force is so small, especially cavalry, that before sending them I asked to have them replaced with other troops.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, October 1, 1861.

PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: I received verbal instructions from Colonel Woods, chief business manager for Major General John C. Fremont, to proceed to Washington and ask for money and arms for the use of the Western Military Department.

Permit me to say that a very large sum of money is required to meet the obligations incurred from contracts made by order of the commanding general in the prosecution of the war in Missouri. The credit of the Government is suffering greatly, and individuals are seriously embarrassed from the non-payment of debts due in Cincinnati, Saint Louis, and elsewhere. To the question, "How much money shall I

