
a wise direction given them, the secessionists will take possession of Saint Louis.

And now, Mr. President, I most respectfully submit that one of two things ought to be done immediately, viz: Either General Fremont's military commissions and contracts should be recognized and his drafts for money and arms to carry on the war honored, or some person should take his place whose acts will receive full recognition by the Government.

There is not one hour to lose in sending the means to save Missouri. To all human view no battle can be fought successfully at Lexington without the sending of additional arms and money, and if the Government neglects to supply them on the requisition of General Fremont and he fails, he will place the responsibility of his defeat upon the administration.

With great respect, yours,

JOHN A. GURLEY.

[Indorsement.]

OCTOBER 4, 1861.

Respectfully submitted to the War Department.

A. LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

Statement in relation to claims for compensation in Missouri.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., August 20, 1861.

Crafts J. Wright is appointed colonel of Thirteenth Missouri Volunteers, commission to date from August 3, 1861.

Colonel Wright is empowered immediately to proceed to muster and organize said regiment, and is charged with the responsibility of seeing that the various officers pertaining to said command are efficient and satisfactory, appointing such officers as may be efficient.

Colonel Wright is authorized at once to obtain whatever is necessary of arms, equipments, camp equipage, and subsistence to prepare said command for the active field. The officers in the different departments will facilitate the operations of Colonel Wright and those detailed by him.

When the companies are not full, or in case of deficiency of companies, any enlisted men not assigned may at once be transferred to said regiment to make the full complement.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Memorandum.-On the 3rd August, 1861, Honorable F. P. Blair received a telegram from Saint Louis to designate a colonel for a regiment then ready. On the same day Honorable J. A. Gurley telegraphed C. J. Wright, offering the position to him at the request of Mr. Blair. The position was accepted.

At Cincinnati the Honorable J. A. Gurley was telegraphed to send the party to Saint Louis as soon as ready to take his position as colonel.

On the 20th August the party reached Saint Louis with Mr. Gurley,

and received the confirmation by the paper copied, and was detailed on

33 R R-VOL III

