
2,000 or 3,000 men, are moving south on the road they came up; that they camped night before last near Rose Hill. I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Blunt, in command at Fort Scott, to concentrate his entire force, leaving but a small guard at Fort Scott and Fort Lincoln, and move northward through Barnesville, Trading Post, and West Point in the direction of Harrisonville, while I will move to-morrow morning, in connection with General Sturgis' command, southward, through West Point, forming a junction with Lieutenant-Colonel Blunt.

We will do all in our power to annoy the enemy in their flank and rear. General Sturgis will have about 2,000 men. After the junction with Lieutenant-Colonel Blunt I will have about 3,000.

J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS KANSAS BRIGADE, Kansas City, October 3, 1861.

General S. D. STURGIS:

GENERAL: In answer to your note of this day* I have this to say, that I don't care a fig about rank; I have enough of the glittering tinsel to satisfy me. I am here in obedience to an order from Major General John C. Fremont to co-operate with you in ferreting out and fighting the enemy. Kindly and promptly do I desire to obey that order. My brigade is not here for the purpose of interfering in any wise with the institution of slavery. They shall not become negro thieves, nor shall they be prostituted into negro catchers. The institution of slavery must take care of itself.

I said in the Senate of the United States, and my experience since only demonstrates its truth, that in my opinion the institution would perish with the march of the Federal armies.

Again I say that the mass of the personal property in Missouri, including slave, is at this moment held by the wives and children, assisted by the Federal Army, while the husband and father are actually in arms against the Government. In my opinion our policy in this regard should be changed.

Confiscation of slaves and other property which can be made useful to the Army should follow treason as the thunder peal follows the lightning flash. Until this change is made you offer premiums for the men to remain away in the army of the enemy. I had a man cowardly shot in the woods to-day within sight of our camp by the very man, I have no doubt, whose property you are so anxious to protect.

I am endeavoring to find what transportation I have to spare, if any, and will report to you accordingly.

Yours,J. H. LANE,

Commanding Kansas Brigade.

SAINT LOUIS, October 3, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT:

Dispatch just received.* Lane's victory over Parsons is important and complete. When Lane burned the town of Osceola every house exploded with concealed powder. Yesterday General Fremont ordered

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

