
the Utah regulars to him. The commander replies that he has orders from McClellan to go to Washington. Think of that? This moment we have a rumor that Fremont is superseded. Is that so? All here is moving strong and well as an army can without money.

B. RUSH PLUMLY.

SAINT LOUIS, October 3, 1861-8 p. m.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT, Assistant Secretary of War:

From the reports of General Fremont's removal we are in a state of incipient revolution. Committees besiege the headquarters; mass meetings are being prepared all over town; all is excitement and rage among Union people. If he is removed, don't be surprised at anything the people do.

B. RUSH PLUMLY.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS, MO., Thursday night, 10 o'clock, October 3, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,Assistant Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch* has revolutionized the town with joy. We send it to all the hotels and to the public meetings now in session and to C Camp Benton. There is great rejoining. All thank you.

Lane chased Rains into Osceola, and was compelled to shell the place to dislodge the rebels. In doing so be burned the town and destroyed large stores of the rebels, of which the town was the depot. Killed 50 rebels without losing a man. Lane, not being strong enough to pursue Rains, withdrew to Kansas City and joined Sturgis. General Fremont is moving his column with tremendous energy at Jefferson City to cut off Price at Lexington. A week will give you stirring news. I will keep you posed. Your dispatch came before any other.

B. RUSH PLUMLY.

CHILLICOTHE, MO., October 3, 1861.

Captain McKEEVER:

An old acquaintance, in whom I have confidence, has this day returned from Lexington, and assures me that there are but 2,000 rebels remaining at Lexington, the others having left in different directions, a large majority for their homes, and asserts that it is not the rebels' intention to give battle. He says that McCulloch is not north of Springfield. I have sent messenger to Lexington.

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Near Jefferson City, October 3, 1861.

Major General D. HUNTER, U. S. A., Jefferson City, Mo.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you move with whatever regiments and corps of your division are now here under your orders as early to-morrow morning as possible, after the men have

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

