
It would be well, however, to keep a lookout for the approach of an enemy; and should you satisfy yourself that either Jeff. Thompson or Lowe, unsupported by any one else, are rear, you can easily drive them from your vicinity.

* * * * * *

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, October 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

We are moving against the enemy, and have few instructed officers. I have placed General McKinstry at the head of a division, and it will be a personal favor if you will allow me to retain him for a few days.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, Jefferson City, Mo., October 4, 1861.

Colonel J. H. EATON, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your letter of yesterday, ordering me to march this morning, was only received this morning at 10 minutes after 2. You will see by my report of transportation, sent you on the 2nd instant, that for the 41 wagons in possession of my quartermaster he has only 40 mules; it will therefore be impossible for him to take the 40 or more wagons agreeably to your order.

Colonel Stevenson, of the Seventh Missouri Regiment, informs me that he is attached to Colonel Totten's brigade of the Fifth Division. I must protest in the strongest terms against this very unmilitary proceeding of depriving me of the most important part of my command, when under marching orders, without giving me an official notice of the change. Detaching Colonel Stevenson from my division will leave me but one regiment here fit to take the field.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding First Division.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, October 4, 1861.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Owing to low of health of the Seventeenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, Colonel Ross commanding, I have ordered them to Cape Girardeau, directing Colonel Plummer to designate a regiment from there. Six companies of the Second Illinois Cavalry have arrived here. After receiving their arms they will be a powerful auxiliary to our force. Cavalry is much required for the purpose of reconnaissances. I have nothing reliable from the enemy further than that Jeff. Thompson has broken up hi encampment at Belmont and gone to New Madrid, Mo. No doubt it is with the view of going north from there, but whether any other force goes with him I have no positive information. My impres-

