
NEAR JEFFERSON CITY, October 6, 1861.

Colonel J. B. WYMAN, Camp Rolla:

SIR: The enemy having evacuated Lexington, and the circumstances of the service having made it unnecessary for you to come to this place, the major-general commanding the department directs that you move immediately from Rolla direct to Versailles, with full transportation complete. You will direct your line of march to cross the Osage River at Linn Creek, or, if you deem it more convenient and expedient, to march upon Versailles, and cross the Osage by whatever route you think best. Versailles is to be occupied by the division of General Hunter to which you belong, but should he have left that place (which is not likely to be the case), scouts sent about to learn his position will enable you to vary your march to join him accordingly.

Respectfully,

J. H. EATON,

Colonel, and Act. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, October 6, 1861.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,Asst. Adjt. General, Western Dept., Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: For the last two days I have had no reliable intelligence of the movements of the enemy. The gunboats have been out of order, so as to be unable to make reconnaissances, and one of my spies, from whom I expected a full and accurate report, has not returned. Our scouts report nothing of importance. I have ordered a force of 1,200 men to Charleston. They will leave early in the morning. My own opinion is that the enemy have no present intention of moving on Cape Girardeau. I think Paducah is more likely the point they design to approach. I have ordered one gunboat to cruise down as far as Norfolk to-night, and will send the other gunboat (now at Mound City, repairing) to reconnoiter farther down to-morrow morning. We are very much in need of the new gunboat promised, and I trust she will be here very soon. I expect to go to Cape Girardeau to-morrow night, to inspect the troops there and the condition of the post.

Colonel Cook's Seventh Illinois Regiment arrived here last evening, and are now stationed at Camp Holt. I had ordered the exchange of Colonel Ross' and Colonel Cook's regiments before I received your instructions to that effect.

Since writing the above I have received a report from Colonel Plummer, commanding at Cape Girardeau, informing me that there is a force of 1,000 or 1,500 of the enemy, under command of Lowe, at Bloomfield, and that preparations are making at Benton to receive the enemy. I had heard of this force of Lowe's, and instructed him to send out scouts and ascertain his whereabouts.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., October 6, 1861.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hdqrs. Western Dept., Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that my scout reports that there is a force of the enemy at Bloomfield of 1,000 or 1,500 men, under the

