
or three hundred, who on learning of our approach fled to General Pillow's camp, 48 miles from Benton. Halted at Benton until the following morning, when I found two teams belonging to parties who had been in Jeff. Thompson's camp for over three months.

I then proceeded to Hamburg, about 5 miles northwest from Benton, where I was told I would find 1,400 rebels, but on my arrival there I found the place deserted of all male inhabitants, who were apprehending an attack from the above rebels. Receiving this morning, I concluded to remain there twenty-four hours at the urgent request of the deserted families, and, at the same time excepting their arrival, I did, of course, make the necessary preparations to receive them; but obtaining no positive information of their whereabouts, I concluded to return to my camp, where I on the 10th instant at 4 o'clock p. m.

In conclusion, I am under the disagreeable necessity of reporting that Captain T. Q. Hildebrandt, commanding Company F, Twentieth Illinois, did disobey my order on several occasions by allowing his men to leave the ranks on the line of march, and did on one accession allow two of this men to go some distance and procure two horses under the pretense of visiting a rebel camp (as they said), which conduct the said captain did not report to me. On my accidentally hearing of this breach of discipline next day, I asked the captain how he came to allow such conduct, when we remarked "that the horses were loaned to his men in order to visit a rebel camp." On another occasion, while at Benton, I gave positive orders that no ma should pass the line of sentinels without my permission, in defiance of which the aforesaid captain did pass a number of his men out without consulting me, and the first intimation I had of it was that I saw two of his men breaking open a house which had been vacated an locked. I reported this to him, and directed him to bring his men back, and to attend more strictly to his company, which he failed to do. All of which I respectfully submit.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN McDONALD,

Major Eighth Regiment Mo. Vols., Commanding Expedition.

DANIEL BRADLEY, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 10, 1861.- Battle of Oak Hills, Springfield, or Wilson's Creek, Mo.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.- Major General John C. Fremont, U. S. Army, commanding Western department.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General Nathaniel Lyon, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the West, of operations August 5-9.

Numbers 3.- Major John M. Schofield, First Missouri Infantry, and acting adjutant-general, of operations of the Army of the West, August 1-14.

Numbers 4.- Major Samuel D. Sturgis, First U. S. Cavalry, commanding First Brigade, with return of casualties.

Numbers 5.- Captain Joseph B. Plummer, First U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 6.- Captain James Totten, Second U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 7.- Lieutenant Colonel George L. Andrews, First Missouri Infantry.

Numbers 8.- Captain Frederick Steele, Second U. S. Infantry.

Numbers 9.- Lieutenant John V. Du Bois, U. S. Mounted Rifles.

Numbers 10.- Lieutenant Colonel William H. Merritt, First Iowa Infantry.

Numbers 11.- Major John A. Halderman, First Kansas Infantry.

Numbers 12.- Lieutenant Colonel Charles W. Blair, Second Kansas Infantry.

