
artillery, and Langen's, Pfaff's, Burrell's and Noleman's cavalry, and will be under command of Colonel W. H. L. Wallace.

Fourth Brigade, Colonel John Cook commanding, will be composed of the Seventh and Twenty-eighth Illinois Regiments, McAllister's company of light artillery, Delano's cavalry, and one company of Second Illinois Regiment of Cavalry.

Fifth Brigade, Colonel Plummer commanding, will be composed of the Eleventh Missouri, Seventeenth Illinois, and Tenth Iowa Regiments, headquarters Cape Girardeau.

The command of the post of Cairo, including Mound City, will be retained by General McClernand.

Brigade commanders will make their reports immediately to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General,
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI, Cairo, Ill., October 15, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN A. McCLERNAND,Commanding Post, Cairo, Ill.:

Information deemed reliable having been received at these headquarters that a large body of troops, supposed to be the rebel forces, are encamped on the Mississippi River opposite Chester, you will therefore order the gunboat Tyler and steamer Aleck Scott, with a regiment of infantry, with a sufficient number of days' rations, to proceed up the Mississippi River as far as Chester, Ill., for the purpose of making a reconnaissance. Should the information prove correct, they will dislodge them from their position.

By order of Brigadier-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Camp Zagonyi, Mo., October 15, 1861.

General B. M. PRENTISS,Commanding, &amp;c., Camp Zagonyi, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that he wishes you at the earliest moment to perfect your arrangements for insuring the efficiency of the public service in North Missouri, with a view to turn over to Brigadier-General Todd the command in that quarter, leaving with him sufficient force to secure peace and quiet there. You are authorized to aid in the procuring of new regiments from Illinois, in which service Colonel Koerner is now engaged, so as to replace your old brigade for active operations in the field, under instructions hereafter to be given from these headquarters. Fort the furtherance of this object you will communicate with Governor Yates, of Illinois, and instructions will be given to Major Allen, quartermaster in Saint Louis, to act upon your requisition for transportation for the outfit of your brigade for field service.

Respectfully,

J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

