
Taylor has issued a proclamation prohibiting any Missourian carrying property out of the State.

Report from Springfield to-day that Johnston is ordered to take command in Missouri.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Colonel, Commanding Post, Rolla, Mo.

WASHINGTON, October 18, 1861.

General LORENZO THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: The inclosed message from Gustave Koerner, aide-de-camp to General Fremont, was read in Cabinet meeting to-day by the President. It was determined to refer all irregular appointments in the Department of the West to you for examination, with instructions to submit some plan that will do justice to those men now serving who are faithful and competent officers, and provide a remedy for the evils now existing.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

SAINT LOUIS, October 16, 1861.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Deputy Paymaster-General Lieutenant-Colonel Andrews refuses to honor General Fremont's commissions, which have heretofore invariably been accepted by him. Officers of the Army who have sacrificed their all to take up arms for their country are thus left destitute, and their families in want of the most urgent necessities of life. Very many of these officers are now in the field and in face of the enemy. Their efficiency and the spirits of many of the troops serving under them will be most seriously affected by this course. Unless you will provide a remedy to insure these men in their well-deserved remuneration a portion of the army will necessarily disband, as no officers will or can serve without a valid commission.

GUSTAVE KOERNER,

Aide-de-Camp.

HARRISBURG, PA., October 19, 1861.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: When I did myself the honor to ask you to accompany me on my Western tour, it was with the view of availing myself of your experience as Adjutant-General of the Army. Finding that the result of my investigations might (as I at first apprehended) have an important effect not only upon the Army of the West, but upon the interests of the whole country, I requested you to take full notes upon all points connected with the object of my visit.

As you inform me that you have carefully complied with my wish, I now respectfully request you to submit your report as early as practi-

