
cable, in order that the President may be correctly advised as to the administration of affairs connected with the Army of the West.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Saint Louis, Mo., October 19, 1861.

General LORENZO THOMAS,Adjt. General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I was taken sick the day you left here, and was not able to comply sooner with the instructions given me to furnish you with a copy of General Fremont's order to print his proclamation of August 30. I herewith inclose a copy of the order to publish the President's letter, together with the order to print 200 copies of the original proclamation.+

The return of troops++ in this department was sent during my illness without a letter of transmittal. The number is apparently large, but it must be borne in mind that about 4,000 cavalry, 10,000 infantry, and one-half the artillery are without arms.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Warsaw, Mo., October 19, 1861.

General C. F. SMITH, Commanding, Paducah, Ky.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to invite your attention to certain rumors of a meditated maneuver by the Confederate forces at Columbus and in Southeast Missouri, which, if true, would compromise the safety of Ironton, and possibly of Saint Louis. Should General Johnston or Hardee, or perhaps even Pillow, advance upon either of those places, it would, whether a real or simulated movement, affect the operations here; and he would be glad to have you apprise him at the earliest moment of your views as to the whole service thus likely to be affected, desiring you on any sudden emergency to act in Kentucky as in your judgment many seem to you best.

Very respectfully,J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Numbers 23. Warsaw, Mo., October 20, 1861.

I. Depredations by individuals of the United States troops now marching southward are a subject of frequent and, in many instances, of just complaint. While it is the determination of the commanding

---------------

*See Thomas to Cameron, October 21, p. 540.

+Of August 30, p. 466; see, also, p. 543.

++See p. 530.

---------------

