
military matters, nor informed him of his plans. General Curtis remarked that while he would go with freedom to General Scott and express his opinions, he would not dare do so to General Fremont. He deemed General Fremont unequal to the command of an army, and said that he was no more bound by law by the winds.

After dinner rode to the arsenal, below the city, Captain Callender in charge. The garrison for its protection is under Major Granger, Third Cavalry. But very few arms on hand; a number of heavy guns, designed for gunboats and mortar boats. The captain is engaged in making ammunition. He said he heard that some person had a contract for making the carriages for these guns; that, if so, he knew nothing of it, and that it was entirely irregular, he being the proper officer to attend to the case. This, in my opinion, requires investigation. He expected soon to receive funds, and desired them for current purposes; was fearful, however, that they might be diverted for other payments. Visited a large hospital not distant from the arsenal, in charge of Assistant Surgeon Bailey, U. S. Army. It was filled with patients, mostly doing well; in fine order, and a credit to the service. The doctor had an efficient corps of assistants from the volunteers service, and in addition a number of Sisters of Charity as nurses. God bless these pure and disinterested women?

Colonel Andrews, chief paymaster, called and represented irregularities in the Pay Department, and desired instructions from the Secretary for his government, stating that he was required to make payments and transfers of money contrary to law and regulations. Once, upon objecting to what he conceived an improper payment, he was threatened with confinement by a file of soldiers. He exhibited an order for the transfer of $100,000 to the Quartermaster's Department, which was irregular. Exhibited abstract of payment by one paymaster (Major Febiger) to 42 persons, appointed by General Fremont, viz: I colonel, 3 majors, 8 captains, 15 first lieutenants, 11 second lieutenants, 1 surgeon, 3 assistant surgeons; total 42. Nineteen of these have appointments as engineers, and entitled to cavalry pay.

A second abstract of payments was furnished, but not vouched for as reliable, as the paymaster was sick, and is only given to show the excess of officers of rank appointed to the major-general's body guard of only 300 men; the commander being a colonel, &amp;c. The whole number of irregular appointments made by General Fremont was said by Colonel Andrews to be nearly 200.

The following is a copy of one of these appointments:
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Saint Louis, August 28, 1861.

SIR: You are hereby appointed captain of cavalry, to be employed in the land transportation department, and will report for duty at these headquarters.

J. C. FREMONT,Major-General, Commanding.

To Captain FELIX VOGELE, Present.

I also saw a similar appointment given to an individual on General Fremont's staff, as director of music, with the rank and commission of captain of engineers. This person was a musician in a theater in Saint Louis. Colonel Andrews was verbally instructed by me not to pay him, the person having presented the two papers and demanded pay. Colonel Andrews also stated that these appointments bore one date, but directed payment, in some cases, a month or more anterior thereto. He was then without funds, except a small amount.

The principal commissary, Captain Haines, had no outstanding debts,

