
tain Turnley, assistant quartermaster. The blankets were found to be made of cotton and to be rotten and worthless. Notwithstanding this decision they were purchased, and given to the sick and wounded soldiers in hospitals. These facts can be ascertained from the report of the board or the officers themselves, and the bill of purchase. Amongst the supplies sent by General Fremont to the army now in the field may be enumerated 500 half barrels, to carry water in a country of abundant supply, and 500 tons of ice.

We examined the barracks in course of construction in Saint Louis, near and around the private house occupied by him as quarters, the Brant House, rented at $6,000 per annum. These barracks have brick foundations and brick outer walls, weather-boarded, and are sufficient as quarters and stables for 1,000 men. Like those of Camp Benton, these barracks were not built by contract or proposals. They are certainly more expensive and more permanent than the quarters a temporary army would require, and the exact expense, though perhaps difficult to ascertain, should be discovered.

A pontoon bridge has been thrown across the Ohio River at Paducah. A ferry boat, in a region where such boats are readily procured, would be just as efficient and much less expensive.

Contracts, it will be seen, were given to individuals without resorting to advertisements for bids, as required by law and regulations. Having received an intimation from another quarter of an impropriety, I called on Captain McKeever, assistant adjutant-general, for the facts, which he gave me as follows: One week after the receipt of the President's order modifying General Fremont's proclamation relative to emancipation of slaves, General Fremont, by note to Captain McKeever, required him to have 200 copies of the original proclamation and address to the army, of same date, printed and sent immediately to Ironton, for the use of Major Gavitt, Indiana Cavalry, for distribution through the country. Captain McKeever had the copies printed and delivered. The order is as follows:

Adjutant-general will have 200 copies of proclamation of commanding general, dated 30th August, together with address to the army of same date, sent immediately to Ironton, for the use of Major Gavitt, Indiana Cavalry. Major Gavitt will distribute it through the country.

J. C. F.,

Commanding General.

SEPTEMBER 23, 1861.

We left Saint Louis October 12 for General Fremont's headquarters at Tipton, 160 miles distant, passing the night at Jefferson City, the capital of Missouri, 125 miles from Saint Louis. General Price was in command of the place, with a force of 1,200 men. The Eighth Iowa was there, en route for Tipton. At this place there were accumulated a large quantity of forage landed from steamboats, and some wagons and mules, for transportation; also the half barrels for carrying water, and a number of mules, which Captain Turnley said he could not get forward, having no control over the transportation by railroad.

Leaving Jefferson City on the 13th, we arrived at Tipton at 9 o'clock a. m. The Secretary of War was called upon by General Fremont, and, upon the general's invitation, accompanied him to Syracuse, 5 miles distant, to review the division under General McKinstry, nearly 8,000 strong. This body of troops is said to be the best equipped and best supplied of the whole army. They certainly are, so far as means of transportation are concerned. At Tipton, besides General Fremont and staff, his body guard, &amp;c., I found a part of General Hunter's First

