
CAMP BENTON, MO., October 22, 1861.

Captain CHAUNCEY McKEEVER, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have very reliable intelligence of Thompson's movements since the burning of the bridge, his force, his arms, including several cannon poorly mounted, and have also information that the troops from Pilot Knob have moved towards each other and probably scattered. His several bridges are unguarded; others, and the Knob are guarded by force I sent down by General Fremont's orders. If Colonel Carlin has moved forward, as he proposed doing yesterday, before these are withdrawn, they must be promptly received. I have telegraphed for further reports of the whereabouts of the forces sent down, &amp;c.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, October 24, 1861.

Brigadier General S. R. CURTIS:

DEAR SIR: On receipt of this, with the accompanying inclosures, you will take safe, certain, and suitable measures to have the inclosure addressed to Major-General Fremont* delivered to him with all reasonable dispatch, subject to these conditions only, that if, when General Fremont shall be reached by the messenger-yourself or any one sent by you-he shall then have, in personal command, fought and won a battle, or shall then be actually in a battle, or shall then be in the immediate presence of the enemy in expectation of a battle, it is not to be delivered, but held for further orders. After, and not till after, the delivery to General Fremont, let the inclosure* addressed to General Hunter be delivered to him.

Your obedient servant,

A. LINCOLN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, No. 18. Washington, October 24, 1861.

Major-General Fremont, of the U. S. Army, the present commander of the Western Department of the same, will, on the receipt of this order, call Major-General Hunter, of the U. S. Volunteers, to relieve him temporarily in that command, when he (Major-General Fremont) will report to General Headquarters, by letter, for further orders.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

By command:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, October 24, 1861.

To the COMMANDER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST:+

SIR: The command of the Department of the West having devolved upon you, I propose to offer you a few suggestions. Knowing how hazardous it is to bind down a distant commander in the field to specific lines and operations, as so much always depends on a knowledge of

---------------

* No inclosures found with this letter. The references are probably to the general order and letter of same date immediately following.

+ Major General D. Hunter, U. S. Volunteers.

---------------

