
CAMP NEAR CORNERSVILLE,

October 24, 1861.

Acting Major-General ASBOTH,

Commanding Fourth Division, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: We are encamped at the Little Walloco Creek, near Cornersville, and will stay here to-day (the 24th), unless otherwise directed. The road from Pomme de Terre Bridge to Quincy is rough, but generally pretty good. That from Quincy to Cornersville, excellent. Half a mile south of Quincy, on the right of the road, a division can encamp, but the water is rather scarce on that place.

The encampment here is very good, as the creek furnishes plenty of water, and as there is no want of forage.

If I receive no further orders, I will advance on the 25th towards Bolivar, and send messengers to Buffalo and Lebanon to see what can be done in this direction and report to you.

If you should deem it necessary, I shall proceed towards Bolivar to-morrow afternoon or night.

The enemy has left Greenfield, and is on his march to Neosho. A party of the command of General Lane has taken possession of Howard's Mill, opposite the mouth of Brush Creek.

The three cavalry companies ordered to follow me to-day and to form the rear guard until we had arrived here have not come up yet. It is a great pity that these troops know so little about what they have to do. Will you please send them after me? I must have them especially now.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Acting Major-General, Third Division.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, No. 5. Near Warsaw, October 24, 1861.

This division will move on Friday, the 25th instant, to Hogle's Creek. The First Brigade will march at 8 o'clock. The Second Brigade will march at 9 o'clock. Colonels of regiments will march opposite the rear of their regiments until they have crossed the Osage Bridge, to prevent any one from straggling from the ranks.

The commander of the rear guard will arrest all stragglers belonging to the command, and keep them in confinement until he has reported the facts to the commander of the brigade and received his orders in the case.

By order of General Pope:

SPEED BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, October 24, 1861.

Brigadier General S. R. CURTIS:

MY DEAR SIR: Herewith is a document-half letter, half order- which, wishing you to see, but not to make public, I send unsealed. Please read it, and then inclose it to the officer who may be in command of the Department of the West at the time it reaches him. I cannot now know whether Fremont or Hunter will then be in command.*

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

---------------

* No inclosure found, but see Lincoln to commander of Department of the West, October 24, p.553.

---------------

