
SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 1, 1861.

Major General JOHN POPE, Commanding Second Division, en route:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that he has sent duplicate dispatches to you, urging your moving forward with the greatest alacrity to join the advanced corps at this place. This communication has been sent to you in the uncertainty of the others having reached you, and to report that it is imperatively necessary that you should come here by forced marches. Mr. Jullan, who bears this to you, a well-informed and reliable guide, is directed to move with and guide you.

Very respectfully,

J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SPRINGFIELD, MO.,November 2, 1861.

Major General D. HUNTER, U. S. A., en route:

GENERAL: I am directed by Major-General Fremont to inform you that the advance guard of the enemy will be at Wilson's Creek to-night. The Union men are flocking in here for protection, and he urges you to hurry forward your division with all possible celerity, and to push on yourself in person to assume the command.

Respectfully,

J. H. EATON.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 2, 1861.

Acting Major General JOHN POPE, U. S. A,

Commanding Second Division U. S. Forces, en route:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this day en route is received. General Fremont directs me to say, that having been relieved from the command of the Western Department, and having relinquished command in orders in the hands of Major-General Hunter, when you reach here the control of the public service at this point will fall upon you; you should therefore, he says, push on to reach here with all dispatch.

Respectfully,

J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT, No. 28. Springfield, Mo., November 2, 1861.

In compliance with General Orders, No. 18, from the Headquarters of the Army, this day received, undersigned hereby relinquishes command of the Western Department and of his Army in the field into the hands of Major General D. Hunter, U. S. Volunteers.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

