
[Inclosure B.]

SPRINGFIELD, MO., November 2, 1861.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Missouri State Guard:

GENERAL: In reference to my letter addressed to you on the 20th ultimo, and in furtherance of the suggestion and proposition intended to institute a plan for suppressing the irregular and reprehensible character of warfare now prevalent in this State, I am directed by Major-General Fremont to submit the accompanying memorandum proclamation to your attention.

Major-General Fremont instructs me to say that he is ready to affix his signature to this as it hands, and to enter to the best of his authority and ability upon the obligation which it imposes. Should you also assent, please convey such information to these headquarters as will enable General Fremont to interchange with you the assumption of this agreement and of the obligations.

Very respectfully,

J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Subinclosure.]

Whereas Major General Sterling Price, commanding the Missouri State Guard, by letter dated at his headquarters, near Neosho, Mo., October 26, 1861, has expressed a desire to enter into some arrangement with Major General John C. Fremont, commanding the forces of the United States, to facilitate the future exchange of prisoners of war released on parole; also that all persons heretofore arrested for the mere expression of political opinions may be released from confinement or parole; also that in future the war be confined exclusively to the armies in the field, and has authorized and empowered Major Henry W. Williams and D. Robert Barclay, esq., to enter into such an arrangement in his behalf; and

Whereas Major General John C. Fremont concurs with Major-General Price:

Now, therefore, it is hereby stipulated and agreed by and between Major General John C. Fremont and Major General Sterling Price as follows, to wit:

1st. A joint proclamation shall be issued, signed by Major-General Fremont and Major-General Price, in proper person, in the following language, to wit:

PROCLAMATION.

To all peaceably-disposed of the State of Missouri, greeting:

Whereas a solemn agreement has been entered into by and between Major-Generals Fremont and Price, respectively commanding antagonistic forces in the State of Missouri, to the effect that in the future arrests or forcible interference by armed or unarmed parties of citizens within the limits of said State for the mere entertainment or expression of political opinions shall hereafter cease; that families now broken up for such causes may be reunited, and that the war now progressing shall be exclusively confined to armies in the field:

Therefore be it known to all whom it may concern:

I. No arrests whatever on account of political opinions, or for the

