
merely private expression of the same, shall hereafter be made within the limits of the State of Missouri, and all persons who may have been arrested and are now held to answer upon such charges only shall be forthwith released; but it is expressly declared that nothing in this proclamation shall be constructed to bar or interfere with any of the usual and regular proceedings of the established courts under statutes and orders made and provided for such offenses.

II. All peaceably-disposed citizens who may have been driven from their homes because of their political opinions, or who may have left them from fear of force and violence, are hereby advised and permitted to return, upon the faith of our positive assurances that while so returning they shall receive protection from both the armies in the field wherever it can be given.

III. All bodies of armed men acting without the authority or recognition of the major-generals before named, and not legitimately connected with the armies in the field, are hereby ordered at once to disband.

IV. Any violation of either of the foregoing articles shall subject the offender to the penalty of military law, according to the nature of the offense.

In testimony whereof the aforesaid Major General John Charles Fremont, at Springfield, Mo., on this 1st day of November, A. D. 1861, and Major General Sterling Price, at Cassville, Mo., on this 5th day of November, A. D. 1861, have hereunto set their hands, and hereby mutually pledge their earnest efforts to the enforcement of the above articles of agreement according to their full tenor and effect, to the best of their ability.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

2nd. Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis, or the officer in command at Benton Barracks, is hereby authorized and empowered to represent Major-General Fremont, and Colonel D. H. Armstrong, Colonel J. Richard Barrett, and Colonel Robert M. Rennick, or either of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to represent Major-General Price, and the parties so named are hereby authorized, whenever applied to for that purpose, to negotiate for the exchange of any and all persons who may hereafter be taken prisoners of war and released upon parole; such exchange to be made upon plan heretofore approved and acted upon, to wit, grade or two officers of lower grade as an equivalent in rank for one of a higher grade, as shall be thought just and equitable.

Thus done and agreed at Springfield, Mo., this 1st day of November, 1861.

By order of Major-General Fremont:

J. H. EATON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General,

By HENRY W. WILLIAMS,

D. ROBT. BARCLAY,

Commissioners.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Cassville, Mo., November 5, 1861.

Approved.

By order of Major-General Price:

HENRY LITTLE,

Adjutant-General.

