
[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Cassville, Mo., November 5, 1861.

Major General JOHN C. FREMONT,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Price to acknowledge the receipt of Assistant Adjutant-General Eaton's letter of November 2, inclosing a proclamation drawn up in accordance with the propositions submitted in my letter of the 26th of October. Major-General Price directs me to say that he receives your assent to his propositions with much satisfaction, and the agreement and provisions set forth in the proposed mutual proclamation fully meets his approbation. He has filled up and signed both copies of said proclamation received from Assistant Adjutant-General Eaton, one of which is retained for publication and distribution, and the other herewith inclosed to you for a like purpose. Major-General Price also approves of the agreement entered into on his part by Messrs. Williams and Barclay, and herewith returns the original document, retaining a copy of the same.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY LITTLE,

Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure D.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Springfield, Mo., November 7, 1861.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Forces at Cassville, Mo.:

GENERAL: Referring to an agreement purporting to have been made between Major-Generals Fremont and Price, respectively commanding antagonistic forces in the State of Missouri, to the effect that in future arrests of forcible interference by armed of unarmed parties of citizens within the limits of said State for the mere entertainment or expression of political opinions shall hereafter cease, that families now broken up for such causes may be reunited, and that the war now progressing shall be exclusively confined to armies in the field, I have to state that, as general commanding the forces of the United States in this department, I can in no manner recognize the agreement aforesaid, or any of its provisions, whether implied or direct, and that I can neither issue not allow to be issued the "joint proclamation" purporting to have been signed by yourself and Major General John C. Fremont on the "1st day of November, A. D. 1861."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, No. 96. Washington, November 7, 1861.

Authority to raise a force of State militia, to serve during the war, is granted, by direction of the President, to the governor of Missouri. This force is to co-operate with the troops in the service of the United States in repelling the invasion of the State of Missouri and in suppressing rebellion therein. It is to be held, in camp and in the field, drilled, disciplined, and governed, according to the Regulations of the U. S. Army, and subject to the Articles of War. But it is not to be

