
ordered out of the State of Missouri, except for the immediate defense of the said State.

The State forces thus authorized will be, during such time as they shall be actually engaged as an embodied military force in active service, armed, equipped, clothed, subsisted, transported, and paid by the United States in accordance with the Regulations of the U. S. Army and such orders as may from time to time be issued from the War Department, and in no other manner; and they shall be considered as disbanded from the service of the United States whenever the President may so direct.

In connection with this force, the governor is authorized to appoint the following officers, who will be recognized and paid by the United States, to wit: 1 major-general, to command the whole of the State forces brought into service, who shall be the same person appointed by the President to command the U. S. Military Department of the West, and shall retain his commission as major-general of the State forces only during his command of the said department; 1 adjutant-general, 1 inspector-general, and 1 quartermaster-general, each with the rank and pay of a colonel of cavalry; 3 aides-de-camp to the governor, each with the rank and pay of a colonel of infantry; brigadier-generals, at the rate of 1 to a brigade of not less than four regiments; and division, brigade, and regimental staff officers, not to exceed in numbers those provided for in the organization prescribed by the act approved July 22, 1861, "for the employment of volunteers," nor to be more highly compensated by the United States, whatever their nominal rank in the State service, than officers performing the same duties under that act.

The field officers of a regiment to be: 1 colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, and 1 major; and the officers of a company to be: 1 captain, 1 first and 1 second lieutenant.

When officers of the said State forces shall act in conjunction with officers of the U. S. Army of the same grade, the latter shall command the combined force.

All disbursements of money made to these troops, or in consequence of their employment by the United States, shall be made by disbursing officers of the U. S. Army, assigned by the War Department or specially appointed by the President for that purpose, who will make their requisitions upon the different supply departments in the same manner for the Missouri State forces as similar requisitions are made for other volunteer troops in the service of the United States.

The Secretary of War will cause any additional regulations that may be necessary for the purpose of promoting economy, insuring regularity of returns, and protecting the United States from fraudulent practices, to be adopted and published for the government of the said State forces, and the same will be obeyed and observed by all in office under the authority of the State of Missouri.

By order:

JULIUS P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, November 8, 1861-8 p.m.

(Received November 9, 1861.)

E. D. TOWNSEND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Franklin's telegraph is from one on Fremont staff, and seems to flourish the premature movement on Belmont as a Fremont victory, which I sincerely hope it was, although improperly addressed and coming

