
it is my purpose to exercise. I trust to you maintain thorough organization, discipline, and economy throughout your department. Please inform me as soon as possible of everything relating to the gunboats now in process of construction, as well as those completed.

The militia force authorized to be raised by the State of Missouri for its defense will be under your orders.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Benton Co., 15 miles south of Warsaw, Mo., November 11, 1861.

L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

In conformity with the views of the President, in which I fully concur, I fall back on Rolla and Sedalia. Price left Cassville on the 7th in full retreat upon Arkansas, McCulloch having preceded by one day's march, and I have no doubt they are both now out of this State. My command is in good order and fine spirits. Please correct a slander which has gone forth with regard to the Germans. An effort was made to induce them to mutiny, and I have found them loyal and efficient. I shall order to Saint Louis about 18,000 men, ready for service at the South, retaining sufficient for Rolla and Sedalia.

D. HUNTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WARSAW, MO., November 11, 1861.

L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

Great portions of the army stores and other public property in this department are in the hands of irresponsible, ignorant, and illegally-appointed persons, who have given no security, hold no commissions, and are accountable to no tribunal. This must be at once corrected, and the department placed on a basis of integrity, capacity, and responsibility. I will to aid me tin the work two experienced and reliable ordnance officers, two engineers, and two thoroughly competent assistant quartermasters. Unless these are sent without delay, so that I can put them in charge, it will be impossible to guard against serious losses.

D. HUNTER,

Brigadier-General.

[Note by operator.]

P. S.-As I am writing, General Hunter has a dispatch confirming his former dispatch as to General Price falling back into Arkansas.

OPERATOR.

SAINT LOUIS, November 11, 1861-11 p.m.

(Received 12, 1861.)

Major-General McCLELLAN:

Your three dispatches received.* All quiet here. I have the right men in the right place. Fremont is preparing a defense. He ought to be called away from here, so he cannot do much more harm. I shall be

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

