HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Syracuse, November 19, 1861.

Major W. E. LEFFINGWELL, First Iowa Cavalry:

MAJOR: Authentic intelligence has reached me that a camp of 500 rebels, mounted, and with one piece of artillery, has been formed near the town of Jonesborough, about 35 miles from this place. You are accordingly instructed to proceed by forced march to-night, so as to surprise their camp by to-morrow morning at daybreak, with five companies of your regiment and a section of horse artillery. You will march from this place at 6 o'clock this afternoon, taking all precautions to avoid having your movements made known, and will be careful to throw forward an advance guard and flankers to prevent a surprise.

Should you arrive near Jonesborough before daylight, you will not make an attack until it is light enough to see clearly, that no mistake or confusion arise among your own command. When you have ascertained exactly, the position of the enemy's camp, you will endeavor to make such disposition of your force as to cut off his retreat. Attack vigorously and promptly, and pursue until the rebel force is completely dispersed. Two days' rations (cooked) will be taken with your command, but no tents nor baggage of any description.

Having executed this duty thoroughly, you will return with all speed to this place.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

LITTLE ROCK, May 11, 1861.

Honorable R. W. JOHNSON:

DEAR JOHNSON: It is absolute certainty that the enemy's Government will not permit the Indian country west of us to belong to the Confederate States without a severe struggle. I foresaw some time ago that the regular troops would be withdrawn, as too much needed elsewhere to be left there active, and that they would be replaced by volunteers, under men actuated by personal hatred of the South. I do not think that more than five or six thousand men will be sent there for a time, but those, I am satisfied, will be there soon.

To occupy that country with safety we ought to have at least an equal force, if we first occupy it, and shall need a much larger one if they establish themselves in it during an inaction. It will hardly be safe to count upon putting in the field more than 3,500 Indians; maybe we may get 5,000. To procure any, or at least any respectable number, we must guarantee them their lands, annuities, and other rights under treaties, furnish them arms, (rifles and revolvers, if the latter can be had), advance them some $25 a head in cash, and send a respectable force there, as evidence that they will be efficiently seconded by us.

I wrote Mr. Toombs that we ought to have three regiments from Arkansas, or Arkansas and Texas, and must have two or three batteries of artillery. Now I am entirely convinced that we ought to have at least five regiments, two of cavalry and three of infantry. When a little while in service we could not calculate on each regiment affording for duty more than 60 men to a company, or 600 to the regiment. Volunteers

