
them, and such of them as are willing to act with you in the policy herein set forth you are authorized to substantiate in the employment of this Government at their present compensation.

All of which is confided to your wisdom, prudence, and judgment.

Respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT C. S. A.,

Montgomery, May 17, 1861.

Honorable T. C. HINDMAN, &amp;c.:

SIR: In relation to the arming of the regiment tendered by you to this Department and conditionally accepted, it is important the arms should be supplied by the State of Arkansas, not only because it is important to have these troops in the field at the earliest practicable moment for local purposes associated with Arkansas, but because of the heavy demand made upon the Confederate Government for arms by the border States and our very greatly extended lines of operation in every direction. It is apparent the War Department is called upon by the highest public considerations, and in view of the probabilities of a prolonged war, to dispense the arms in its possession only when it becomes absolutely necessary in connection with the most weighty movements.

Respectfully,

L. P. WALKER.

MARYSVILLE, KANS., May 20, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of Confederate States of America:

SIR: I addressed you on the 16th instant a brief communication in reference to the propriety and importance of taking possession of the forts and property of the United States Government in the Northwest, and now avail myself of an opportunity of going more fully into detail on the subject. I refer to all that portion of country west of the Missouri River to the summit of the Rocky Mountains and south of the Platte River, in Nebraska, and northern line of Missouri to the northern line of Arkansas and Texas, almost all of which is rich in agricultural and mineral resources.

The population of Colorado Territory is about 40,000 persons, of whom 30,000 are capable of bearing arms. They are now much displeased and dissatisfied with the course of the Federal Government in removing the U. S. troops from the Western frontier, whereby great dangers are apprehended from Indians and the serious interruption of their trade and commercial intercourse. One-third of the population sympathizes with your Government, independent of those who may be controlled by other influences, and one-fourth of them would take up arms in its behalf as soon as an opportunity is presented. There are some eight military posts within the district of country referred to, which, in consequence of the withdrawal of U. S. troops, have not more than a skeleton company in each. A large number of the soldiers would immediately enlist in the services of the Confederate States, and the officers are daily resigning to join the Southern Army. These posts are well supplied with a large amount of commissary stores and munitions of war. The Cherokee and other Indian tribes on the southern border of Kansas are intelligent

