
musket ball-cartridges, 40,000 Colt's pistol cartridges, 2,000 Sharp's carbine cartridges, and 520,000 percussion caps, also 86 barrels of musket and 30 barrels of rifle powder. All the arms and munitions of war seized here have been scattered over the State in every direction, without any menthol or accountability, and it is impossible to tell what has become of them. Very few arms suitable for cavalry service were found in the arsenal, and the regiment of mounted men you have authorized me to take from the State will be very destitute of arms suitable for the service. I would therefore respectfully call your attention to the necessity of at once forwarding to Fort Smith a sufficient supply of rifles or carbines, pistols and sabers, to equip a regiment of cavalry. Of course the necessary ammunition would be required at the same time.

As the river is now in fine navigable order, I would suggest the propriety of at once sending to Fort Smith a sufficient supply of rations for six months for the use of my brigade, deducting the amount I may be able to get here, and of which I will inform you by telegraph as soon as the Convention determines to turn it over to me. The navigation of the river is so uncertain, that an opportunity of sending supplies may not again occur for months. Flour can be purchased in the country and supplied by my own quartermaster. I would also call your attention to the fact that I have neither officers of the quartermaster's nor commissary department, and as it is absolutely necessary for a successful campaign here to secure officers familiar with these duties, I would respectfully urge you the necessity of sending them at once. The officer of the subsistence department you determine to send should go directly to New Orleans, purchase supplies for my command, and bring them with him.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., May 20, 1861.

Honorable ROBERT TOMMBS:

SIR: I shall go by steamboat to Fort Smith on the day after to-morrow, and thence immediately to the Cherokee country, where there is more danger of division and disaffection than anywhere else.

It is much to be regretted that arms to the number of 2,000 rifles are not here now on their way to our frontier. Permit me respectfully, but very urgently, to say that it is of vital importance they, or half the number at least, should be forwarded instantly, and the residue as soon as possible. They ought to be on the frontier now for distribution. It is also indispensable (and I use the word with the full knowledge of its meaning)-it is indispensable to have at least $25 in money for each Indian we enlist. That for 2,400 will be only $60,000, which ought to be sent out instantly. It would be better it should be $100,000.

Provisions, commissary stores of all kinds, except flour, will have to be sent on here, and medicines. There is but a limited supply of provisions here of those seized by the State, and it is very doubtful whether the State will not want all these for her own troops now on and going to the frontier. At all events, there will be none for the Indians. The river is falling and will soon be low. The we will have to haul by wagons at least 200 miles, and much of the provisions 300. You can

