
plainly see that there is no time to be lost. Delay is denial in this case, and denial is to insure disaster.

In addition to the regiments of Indiana, I earnestly advise the organization of a battalion of about 350 Delawares, Shawnees, and Kickapoos. I can raise them, and they will be invaluable. One of them will be at least worth any two other Indians. General McCulloch coincides with me in regard to this battalion, and agrees with me that its value can hardly be overestimated. There are no braver and better soldiers in the world, and for outposts and scouts no men are more than their equals.

I very much regret that I have not received distinct authority to give the Indians guarantees of all their legal and just rights under treaties. It cannot be expected they will join us without them, and it would be very ungenerous, as well as unwise and useless, in me to ask them to do it. Why should they, if we will not bind ourselves to give them what they hazard in giving us their rights under treaties?

As you have told me to act at my discretion, and as I am not directed not to give the guarantees, I shall give them, formal, full, and ample, by treaty, if the Indians will accept them and make treaties. General McCulloch will join me in this, and so, I hope and suppose, will Mr. Hubbard, and when we shall have done so we shall, I am sure, not look in vain to you, at least, to affirm these guarantees and insist they shall be carried out in good faith.

Once more I earnestly urge the immediate transmission of arms, money, and provisions.

It will be better for you to write to me at Fort Smith. I shall probably be in the Indian country two months, with not very frequent chances to receive letters.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

ALBERT PIKE.

LITTLE ROCK, May 20, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Colonel Churchill informs me that it will cause great delay to bring his regiment into service for the war. The captains find difficulty in enlisting men for so indefinite a period, but the companies are ready to enlist for twelve months, and can march at once. The companies composing it are the only ones suitably armed, and have the only arms in the State for mounted service. Please authorize me to accept them at once for twelve months. Great want of arms for mounted service; at once carbines and pistols, with the necessary ammunition; also sabers. It is necessary to put the regiment into the field at once.

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., May 20, 1861.

General BEN. McCULLOCH or Colonel CHURCHILL,

Little Rock, Ark.:

If the companies are armed the regiment will be accepted for twelve months. Answer.

L. P. WALKER.

