
LITTLE ROCK, May 21, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

The companies of Churchill's regiment are only partially armed. There are not sufficient arms in the State suitable for a mounted regiment. I will want an immediate supply of them. A prefer rifles. Will the regiment be accepted for twelve months? Answer.

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General.

Know all men by these presents:

That whereas the State of Arkansas, by her Convention duly assembled, by ordinance passed the 11th dy of May, A. D. 1861, authorized and empowered Robert W. Johnson, Albert Rust, Hugh F. Thomason, William W. Watkins, and Augustus H. Garland, her delegates to the Provisional Congress assembled at Montgomery, in the State of Alabama, for the Government of the Confederate States of America, to cede to said Confederate States, among other property, the arsenal at Little Rock, in the State of Arkansas, and Fort Smith, at the city of Fort Smith, in said State of Arkansas, together with the land, improvements, appurtenances, and buildings to each belonging and attached; and whereas the Provisional Congress aforesaid did, by act of the 21st day of May, 1861, accept such cession as provided for in said ordinance, and authorized the Secretary of War to accept from said delegates of the State of Arkansas a deed of cession for such property: Now, therefore, we, the delegates aforesaid, do hereby grant, convey, and cede to the Confederate States of America the arsenal at Little Rock and the fort aforesaid at the city of Fort Smith, in said State, and all the land, improvements, buildings, and appurtenances, thereto attached and belonging; and we do hereby convey unto said Confederate States all the right, title, and interest of the State of Arkansas in and to all the property aforesaid.

Witness our hands and seals this 21st day of May, A. D. 1861.

R. W. JOHNSON.

A. RUST.

H. F. THOMASON.

W. W. WATKINS.

A. H. GARLAND.

THE STATE OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery County:

I, John Gill Shorter, judge of the circuit court in and for the State aforesaid, do hereby certify that Robert W. Johnson, A. Rust, H. F. Thomason, W. W. Watkins, and A. H. Garland, who are severally personally known to me, appeared before me on this day, and severally acknowledged that, being informed of the contents of the foregoing conveyance, they severally and voluntarily signed, sealed, and delivered the same, as grantors and delegates duly authorized by the State of Arkansas, to the grantee, the Confederate States of America, on the day and year therein stated, and for the purposes therein specified.

Given under my hand the 21st day of May, 1861.

JOHN GILL SHORTER,

Circuit Judge.

