
forces not under McCulloch, and that the bold and brave men can rally under such without disturbance from leaders of any faction whatever, and that without this Arkansas with her brave and hardy hunters cannot be made available in any other way, unless it will be by waiting for a new man to grow up.

These are my thoughts, freely given. If able, I go up the river to Fort Smith to-morrow.

I have the honor to be, truly, &amp;c., yours,

DAVID HUBBARD.

HELENA, ARK., June 3, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Will certainly lose five companies if not ordered to McCulloch's command immediately. Will have more trouble than I supposed in filling up if they leave. Hope you will order me to Fort Smith immediately. Afterward can send me where you please. Have permission from State authorities to stop in arsenal till tents reach here. Must be ordered somewhere at once. Expense is ruinous. Men have no shelter. Defer staff appointments till letter reaches you.

T. C. HINDMAN.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, June 11, 1861.

Colonel T. C. HINDMAN, Arkansas Volunteers, Helena, Ark.:

SIR: In reply to yours of May 23, 1861, the Secretary of War directs that you will take post as proposed, after organization of the regiment, in the northeastern part of the State of Arkansas, for the defense of that section of country. So soon as prepared for mustering in, you will advise Captain W. S. Walker, C. S. Army, now at Memphis, Tenn., who has been directed to muster in your regiment. You will make requisitions upon the quartermaster's and subsistence departments for such stores pertaining to each as may be required by your regiment, this being your authority thereof. Governor Rector will furnish the arms and munitions required for the armament. Respecting staff appointments, send in the names of those whom you wish to be appointed as surgeons, assistant surgeon, assistant quartermaster, and assistant commissary of subsistence, and their commissions will be made out and forwarded to you.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Fort Smith, Ark., June 12, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to state that I left this post on the 30th of May, with the view of having an interview with the chief of the Cherokees, and to select some artillery position in the Indian Territory for my command. I found no point suitable for such a position, except in the Cherokee country, and I had determined to take the first opportunity of moving my command to it; but in my interview with John Ross, the chief of the Cherokees, objection was made to my entering his country,

