
IV. The district quartermasters and commissaries will use all the means at their command in their respective districts to furnish supplies for this movement, and will make requisitions on the Quartermaster-General and Commissary-General for funds.

By command Major General S. Price:

HENRY LITTLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS,No. 14.

You are hereby ordered to immediately cause to be destroyed all railroad bridges and telegraph wires in your vicinity.

By command Major General S. Price:

HENRY LITTLE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Proclamation by the Principal Chief of the Choctaw Nation.

JUNE 14, 1861.

Whereas the general council of the Choctaw Nation, on the 10th day of June, 1861, by resolution declared that in consequence of the dissolution of the United States, by the withdrawal of eleven States formerly comprising a part of said Government, and their formation into a separate government, and the existing war consequent thereon between the States, and the refusal on the part of that portion of the States claiming to be, and exercising the functions of the Government of, the United States to comply with solemn treaty stipulations between the Government of the United States and the Choctaw Nation, said nation was absolved from all obligations under said treaties, and thereby was left independent, and free to enter into alliance with other governments, and to take such other steps as may be necessary to secure the safety and welfare of the nation.

And whereas the general council of the Choctaw Nation did further resolve that the interest and safety of the Choctaw people require that an alliance be made with the Southern Confederacy, and did appoint commissioners to negotiate a treaty of alliance and amity; and whereas the defense of the nation against invasion, and the preservation of order and the due execution of the laws of the nation, which have been extended over all persons within the limits thereof, require the organization of an efficient military corps, and all of which it is proper should be made known to the Choctaw people and to the world:

Now, therefore, I, George Hudson, principal chief of the Choctaw Nation, do hereby publish and proclaim that the Choctaw Nation is, and of right ought to be, free and independent; that all citizens and residents of said nation between the ages of 18 and 45 years, subject to military duty, are required to enroll, either in the volunteer or the reserve militia, according to law, and to hold themselves in readiness to turn out for the defense of the nation at a minute's warning, for the preservation of order and the protection of life and property, or in aid of the civil authorities in the general execution of the laws, and (in accordance with a law passed by the general council) that Apuckshanubbee district shall furnish three volunteer companies, consisting of not less than 64 privates, 4 commissioned officers, 5 non-commissioned

38 R R-VOL III

