
of their friendship for all the whites will be manifested by strict observance of the neutrality enjoined.

Your demand that those of the nation who are in favor of joining the Confederacy be allowed to organize into military companies as Home Guards, for the purpose of defending themselves in case of invasion from the North, is most respectfully declined. I cannot give my consent to any such organization for very obvious reasons: First, it would be a palpable violation of my position as a neutral; second, it would place in our midst organized companies not authorized by our laws but in violation of treaty, and who would soon become efficient instruments in stirring up domestic strife and creating internal difficulties among the Cherokee people. As in this connection you have misapprehended a remark in conversation at our interview some eight or ten days ago, I hope you will allow me to repeat what I did say. I informed you that I had taken a neutral position, and would maintain it honestly, but that in case of a foregoing invasion, old as I am, I would assist in repelling it. I have not signified any purpose as to an invasion of our soil and an interference with our rights from the United or Confederate States, because I have apprehended none, and cannot give my consent to any.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JNO. ROSS,

Principal Chief Cherokee Nation.

RICHMOND, June 22, 1861.

Gov. H. M. RECTOR, Little Rock, Ark.:

The Arkansas troops we will receive with the regiment organized according to the law of Congress, and Arkansas, as every other State, will receive watchful care of the Government.

L. P. WALKER.
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Fort Smith, Ark., June 23, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that in the organization of a Creek regiment there will be some difficulty, as there are two parties, known as the Upper and Lower Creeks. I would therefore respectfully recommend that instead of receiving a regiment, two battalions be received, one from the Upper Creeks and another from the Lower Creeks, allowing them to elect their own officers.

I have heard that Colonel Garrett, formerly the Creek agent, has been recommended to you to command the regiment. I hope the appointment will not be made, for Colonel Garrett is in no way qualified for the position, and from what I know of his habits, I am satisfied that a worse anointment could not be made.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

