
arms than to complete the arming of this regiment, which I recommend to be sent to General Hardee.

I have felt authorized to make these suggestions and recommendations in consequence of your invitation to do so at our last personal interview. Your consideration of them, and as early a reply as convenient, will greatly oblige me. I hoped before this to have receive an answer to my communication of the 22nd of June.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CABELL.

[PRIVATE.] RICHMOND, July 6, 1861.

President JEFFERSON DAVIS:

MY DEAR SIR: A few days ago you inclosed to me a note from Governor Reynolds, of Missouri, in which he suggested that I be appointed an aide-de-camp to one of your general officers who might be required to enter Missouri to repel the threatened invasion of Arkansas. Your indorsement on the letter, asking my "views and wishes" on the subject, I presume contemplated my appointment to such position if I desired it. In reply I stated that I would accept that or any other place which might be assigned me in which I could benefit my State or serve the cause of Southern independence. It is proper now that I should state to you that on reflection I am unwilling to leave Richmond for the present, and that I feel it my duty to remain here till some definite arrangement can be made with your Government as advantageous as may be to the unfortunate citizens and endangered sovereignty of Missouri. The Congress of the Confederate States, which will meet in two weeks, may, and I trust will, authorize you to do what you do not now consider within the scope of your constitutional powers, notwithstanding your great sympathy for the people of Missouri in their unequal struggle for liberty.

I thought I was justified in assuring my friends in Missouri that the result of my mission would be very different from what it has proved to be, and I have not the heart to go back to them and witness their sore disappointment at my failure to accomplish what was so confidently expected. When I shall have exhausted every effort to serve the people of Missouri here, whether successful or not, I shall be ready and am resolved to go into any field and to perform any service in which I can best advance the interest of the common cause of our common country.

Believe me, my dear sir, to be, most cordially, your sincere friend and obedient servant,

E. C. CABELL.

P. S.-Let me ask your early attention to an official communication from me to-day.

RICHMOND, VA., July 8, 1861.

Honorable E. C. CABELL:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your several letters of June -, 1861,* of July 6, 1861, and another of same date, marked private; also a printed copy of the proclamation of the governor of Missouri, bearing date June 12, 1861, which was inclosed in the first-named com-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

