
munication. The last paragraph of the proclamation does not quite accord with the general proposition submitted by you. Accept my thanks for the information furnished by you. Your recommendations, request, and suggestions have been noted, and your letter referred to the Secretary of War for file and future reference. You have been heretofore advised of the sympathy I feel for the cause of Missouri so graphically and feelingly described. Constant occupation leaves me little time for correspondence; but were it otherwise, you surely would not expect me to reply to your requisitions by stating the force and stores of the Confederate States to show that your large wants could not now be supplied, or by discussing with you questions of the constitutional power of the Executive.

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS McCULLOCH'S BRIGADE,Camp Jackson, Ark., July 9, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to state that I returned to this camp to-day. It is 2 miles from Maysville, Ark., and 7 miles from the northern boundary of the State. I started from this position on the 4th instant with Churchill's regiment of mounted riflemen and 1,200 men of General Pearce's brigade, under the command of the general. General Price, of Missouri, had reached a position in the northwestern corner of his State with 1,700 men. The general to march with me to the aid of the governor of his States, and joined my command as we passed his camp on the first day's march.

From authentic information I had learned that the governor of Missouri had formed a junction with General Rains and was endeavoring to make his way to General Price's camp, and also that every effort was being made by this Northern troops to cut him off. A force of 2,400 well-drilled troops were marching north towards Carthage against him; a force of 3,600 were marching south, rapidly gaining upon him. Rumors were also afloat that a force was marching from the northeast, under General Lyon, and still another was marching against him from Kansas. Under these circumstances I knew there was no time to be lost, and if the forces marching against the governor could concentrate upon him, his force of disorganized, undisciplined men would probably be cut to pieces, and Missouri fall entirely under the control of the North. I at once saw Generals Pearce and Price, and concerted a plan of operations.

I had a few days previous issued a proclamation to the people of Western Arkansas calling them to arms, as their State was threatened. The effect of the proclamation had gathered a force of several hundred men at Fayetteville, Ark. I ordered Colonel McRae, of Arkansas, to take command of his force and make a demonstration on Springfield with it. I found out afterwards, through intercepted orders, that the effect of the demonstration was to call back portions of the force which was marching against the governor.

On the 5th instant I found from authentic information that if the governor was to be rescued by my command, it was necessary to move with more celerity than the infantry and artillery could march. I therefore moved on with about 3,000 cavalry, leaving the infantry and

