
on the Cherokees. The same disposition will be made of the Creek regiment, should one be organized.

I organized the battalion of mounted riflemen because the companies that will compose it are well acquainted with the country about here,a nd will be of much use as scouts, &amp;c. I hope my action in regard to these matters will meet with your approval.

The cavalry here is very inefficient, and I have sufficient already, and in fact too much, to supply with forage.

I do not think that any force is now threatening the Indian Territory. I have frequent communication from the northern part through trusty men. Should any movement be made in that direction I will have timely notice of it and will be prepared. Should a force be marched into the Indian Territory, it will be necessary to leave a force on this road. I will take occasion to say that the force in my camp are all armed, either with the flint-lock or percussion musket, and that we have sufficient ammunition for the present.

The men are all healthy and in good spirits. They are a fine body of men, and through constant drilling are becoming very efficient. I place a great deal or reliance upon them.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 1. Pitman's Ferry, July 22, 1861.

In obedience to orders from the War Department, dated Adjutant-General's Office, June 25, 1861, the undersigned hereby assumes command of all the troops of the Confederate States service in that portion of Arkansas lying west of the White and Black Rivers and north of the Arkansas River to the Missouri line. The headquarters of the district are established at Pitman's Ferry.

* * * * * *

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, July 23, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

The governor of Tennessee is still waiting for information he has been soliciting, as I understand him, from the War Department as to certain details before he transfers his army.

In the mean time he consents to allow that army to be directed by me in certain operations I deem now expedient in Missouri. I have therefore directed General Pillow to detach from the force in the western district of Tennessee a column of 6,000 troops of various arms, and to make a movement on Missouri through New Madrid. He will be joined so soon as he lands by 3,000 Missourians now posted near that place, and, as he goes forward, with other forces that are prepared to come him. Governor Jackson arrived here yesterday while my preparations were in progress, and I shall find him willing, I think, instead of proceeding to Richmond, as he was intending, to return to Missouri, to aid in raising and concentrating his people. (Since writing the above

