
the governor gives his consent to return to Missouri with our troops.) I am advised by General Hardee that he is at Pocahontas, and will soon have a column of 7,000 men ready to co-operate with Pillow's column. There are about 2,500 Missourians near him, who will join him. Governor Jackson left McCulloch's camp, on the Arkansas line, on the 12th. McCulloch's force consisted of 6,000 men-Louisianians and troops from Arkansas. He was expecting every moment a Texas regiment and an additional Arkansas regiment. His force I learn, is well distributed as to the different description of arms. Near him is General Price, 12 miles distant, with a force of 12,000 Missourians, ready to co-operate with him. This column of 25,000 men I am in communication with. They will advance on the enemy's position (Springfield), where I learn General Lyon has concentrated the principal part of his force, say 10,000 or 12,000 men. In the mean time I shall, on Saturday next, direct the column of which I have spoken, under General Pillow, to cross the river to new Madrid and take up the line of march into Missouri for Ironton. He will be joined by 3,000 Missourians, now near New Madrid, very fairly armed and equipped, and by the time he is ready to move I shall send him two other regiments (Martin's and Bowen's), both of which are nearly ready for the field. With this force of 11,000, having as a part of its appointments three batteries complete, with two extra guns, he will find no difficulty in reaching the point indicated. At that point he will be joined by General Hardee with a column of 7,000, who will move about the same time from Pocahontas. They are directed to pass in behind Lyon's force by land, or to proceed to Saint Louis, seize it, and, taking possession of the boats at that point, to proceed up the river Missouri, raising the Missourians as they go, and at such point as may appear most suitable to detach a force to cut off Lyon's return from the West. Any supporting force that may become necessary I will draw from Arkansas from whence I am promised 10,000 additional troops at an early day. I shall draw three of the regiments to go with Pillow from Union City, and shall order up the three Mississippi regiments, under General Clark, to replace them. General Clark's headquarters will be transferred to Union City. General Cheatham will accompany General Pillow.

As to the force on this side the river, Governor Harris is increasing it by fresh accessions, and it will in a few days be as strong as it was before we sent forward the five regiments you called for. I find, too, I could strengthen it very materially by drawing men from Kentucky and organizing them on the border, and I may add that every man we draw out of Kentucky relieves us from drawing by so much on Tennessee and the States south of us. I submit to the Department, therefore, whether facilities-extra facilities-should not be placed at our disposal for drawing a force from Kentucky.

As to Bird's Point and Cairo, I know the exact force there to be about 5,000 men, divided between the two places. I have also information that they are short of men in Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio, who could be spared now to give support to Cairo. Besides that, they are without arms. I have no apprehension, therefore, of any strong support being sent to that point while I am operating in Missouri, or that they could send in any force strong enough in my rear to be formidable. Added to that, my forces at Union City and Randolph will hold them in check. If, as I think, I can drive the enemy from Missouri with the force indicated, I will then enter Illinois and take Cairo in the rear on my return. With the prestige of your great success at Manassas the

