
Southern States, and have been surprised to find how large a number there are that are available.

I am in want of a special judge-advocate for my department, and ask for the detail of Lieutenant B. L. Hodge, of Dreux's Louisiana battalion. I desire also to have Lieutenant George Williamson, of the same battalion, relieved and sent to me for duty. I wish him to act as one of my aides. I want him as legal counselor. I have asked also for Dr. Anderson as medical director of my department. He has been appointed surgeon, and directed to report to General Anderson. I should like still to have him, and think he can be of more service in this Mississippi bottom region, with the diseases of which he is especially familiar, than in the mountains of East Tennessee. I submit the names of Dr. B. W. Avent and Dr. John D. Winston, who are the other members of the Tennessee military board, either of whom would no doubt be acceptable to General Anderson.

I desire to add that it is agreed by our medical staff that the offices of medical director and medical purveyor for such a department as this cannot be performed by the same person; and if they could they ought not to be, as the one has to pass upon the accounts of the other. I recommend Dr. Potts, now in commission for medical purveyor, and Dr. Anderson for medical director of this department.

I remain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding Second Department.

P. S.-For particulars as to Missouri I refer to the bearer of this, Colonel Little.
HEADQUARTERS,Pocahontas, July 28, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding Department Numbers 2., Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The Fifth Regiment of Arkansas Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Cross, has been removed from the Saint Francis to this place. Chalk Bluff has been considered a point of importance. A force has been stationed there to guard Crowly's Bridge, by which an advance might be made into Arkansas. If New Madrid is occupied, there will be, in my opinion, no necessity of occupying Chalk Bluff; and, indeed, with the force I have at Pitman's Ferry, I do not believe an invasion can be anticipated in that direction. If it should be attempted, I shall be in position to attack their rear.

I have had a courier from General Price, commanding the Missouri forces, also one from General McCulloch, advising me of their intention to move on Springfield, Mo., and asking my active co-operation. I was compelled to decline. The forces here are just in a transition state; only a portion has been transferred, and to-day I have less than 2,300 men under my command. When all are transferred I shall have only about 5,000, and these are badly equipped, and without discipline, without instructions, and without transportation. General McCulloch stated that he contemplated moving on Springfield about the 30th instant, where it is supposed General Lyon has a force of 12,000 men.

I have sent you a requisition for supplies; among other articles mentioned are wagons and harness. Since writing I have directed Captain Crump, one of the officers of my command, who is now at Vicksburg, to buy fifty wagons, with harness and mules, complete, and to call on you

