
through your quartermaster for funds to make the payment. I learn that transportation, including what is mentioned above, may be had at Vicksburg, Natchez, and New Orleans. I shall send this communication, with others, by express to Memphis, and in a few days I shall make my arrangements for communicating with you by express twice a week, and oftener if necessary.

With high respect, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF LIBERATION,New Madrid, July 28, 1861.

Major-General POLK:

SIR: We are in possession of this place. We made a most successful movement and advance. Not an accident or incident of any character interfered with our advance.

The whole force is full of enthusiasm and eager for the "Dutch hunt." It required eight large steamers to move my force and its baggage. The movement of the fleet was a beautiful sight. The whole population of New Madrid and the country around met me with a thousand cheers.

I have much to do to get matters in order to-night, and make you this hurried dispatch simply to announce the result.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Pocahontas, July 29, 1861.

Major-General POLK, Commanding, &amp;c., Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I received last night your dispatch of the 26th. In a communication sent to you by express yesterday, I informed you of the actual condition of my command, that the Arkansas forces had not been entirely turned over to me, and when turned over my entire force would number less than 5,000 men, badly equipped, and without the means of moving.

Since yesterday I have received information, which is thought reliable, that the enemy is moving in two columns from Ironton and Cape Girardeau upon Greenville. I shall at once send out a strong detachment to support General Jeff. Thompson, who says he will fight. My opinion is that General Pillow ought not to move upon Ironton until I am in readiness to support him. It has been my intention from the beginning to attack the force at Ironton, and my plan is to throw a considerable body of cavalry on the railroad between Ironton and Saint Louis, with orders to break up the road and burn the bridges, to prevent any re-enforcements being sent to Ironton, and at the same time to prevent the escape of the force from that place. I am still of opinion that this ought to be the mode in which the attack should be made, and that General Pillow and myself ought to move simultaneously from New Madrid and Pitman's Ferry, the distance to Ironton being about the same from either point.

I am organizing my force with the greatest energy. Two regiments now here are ordered above to-day, and I shall strain every nerve to

