
along the line on the left of Captain Totten's battery, and endeavoring to rally our troops, which were at this time in considerable disorder, his horse was killed, and he received a wounded in the leg and one in the head. He walked slowly a few paces to the rear and said, "I fear the day is lost." But upon being encouraged that our troops could again be rallied. that the disorder was only temporary, he passed over to the right of the center, where our line seemed to be giving way, obtained another horse, and, swimming his hat in the air, led forward the troops, who promptly rallied around him. A few moments later he was carried from the field dead. His death was known at the time to but very few, and those few seemed to fight with redoubled valor.

Meanwhile our disordered line on the left was again rallied, and pressed the enemy with great vigor and coolness, particularly the First Iowa Regiment, which fought like veterans. This hot encounter lasted perhaps half an hour after General Lyon's death, when the enemy fled, and left the field clear as far as we could see, and almost total silence reigned for twenty-five or thirty minutes.

As soon as the enemy began to give way, and it became apparent that the field was at least for the present ours, the principal officers of the command were informed of General Lyon's death, and Major Sturgis assumed command. He at once called together the chief officers in his vicinity, and consulted with them as to the course that should be pursued. The question was a very perplexing one. Nothing had been heard from Colonel Sigel for a long time. No one could tell where he was or what he was doing. Should we move forward in pursuit of the enemy without knowing whether we should receive any support from Sigel, should we make a detour to the left and attempt to join him, or should we withdraw from the field?

nFeb.

At this time a considerable force of infantry was seen to move around the right of the position from which Sigel's cannonading had been seen some time before and advance in column toward the front of our left wing. These troops wore a dress resembling extremely that of Colonel Sigel's men, and carried the American flag. The opinion was general that this was Sigel's brigade, and preparations were commenced to move to the left and front and join him. Meanwhile the column in front moved down the hill within easy reach of our artillery, but was permitted to move on unmolested till it had reached the covered position at the foot of the ridge on which we were posted, and from which we had been so fiercely assailed before. But suddenly a battery was planted on the hill in our front, and began to pour upon us shrapnel and canister, spices of shot which had not been fired by the enemy before. At this moment the enemy showed his true colors, and at once commenced along our entire the fiercest and most bloody engagement of the day. Lieutenant Du Bois' battery on our left, gallantry supported by Major Osterhaus' battalion and the rallied fragments of the First Missouri, soon silenced the enemy's battery on the hill and repulsed the right wing of his infantry. Captain Totten's battery in the center, supported by the First Iowa and regulars was the main point of attack. The enemy could frequently be seen within 20 or 30 feet of his guns, and the smoke of the oppositing lines was often so confounded as to seem but one.

Now for the first during the day our entire line maintained its position with perfect firmness. Not the slightest disposition to give way was manifested at any point, till finally the enemy gave way and fled from the field.

A few moments before the close of the engagement the Second Kansas

