
move in a week with 3,000 men, and as many more as practicable. I agree with you that now is the proper time to move into Missouri.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

FORT SMITH, ARK. (via Little Rock),

July 30, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Colonel Cooper, with his Choctaw and Chickasaw regiments, are encamped near the old Choctaw Agency. No arms here for them; discontent prevailing among the Indians in consequence; am requested to telegraph the fact to you, and ask for arms. The "Texas" has not arrived here yet.

GEO. W. CLARK,

Assistant Quartermaster-General.

MEMPHIS, July 30, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

My column has made the landing at New Madrid [Mo.] safely. They will fortify it. Fremont is at Cairo.

* * * * *

L. POLK.

POCAHONTAS, ARK., July 30, 1861.

Major-General POLK, Commanding, Memphis, Tenn.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: It is a matter of the last importance that my command should be furnished without delay with transportation. With this view I have dispatched Colonel Cross to Memphis to consult with you, and procure the fifty teams complete which I had the honor to make a requisition for a few days ago.

I informed you that I had directed Captain Crump to procure the teams in Vicksburg, and when so procured to arrange with you about the payment. If not procurable in Vicksburg, do put Colonel Cross in the way of obtaining them elsewhere. I am more anxious than I can express to unite with General Pillow in the movement on Ironton, but to do so effectively, I must have more transportation, otherwise I shall be able to move only a part of my command.

With best wishes, truly yours,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

Captain Crump is at Vicksburg, and if you have not heard from him, do telegraph him on the subject. I am told mules are procurable in Natchez and New Orleans, also wagons and harness.

NEW MADRID, MO., July 30, 1861.

Major-General POLK:

Nothing of interest has occurred since my last dispatch. The advance of the Union [City] force has arrived safely. There are yet two regiments to come forward, which will not leave Union City till Thursday, for want of transportation for subsistence. The distance from

