
Union City to the river is 42 miles. I am using every effort to draw together from the surrounding country all the transportation I can. Don't know yet how much I can get. The positions in the interior occupied by the enemy are all abandoned, and he is concentrating his forces at Cape Girardeau. Troops from Illinois and Saint Louis are being gathered in at that point, and we h ave reports that Fremont is there. The forces at Cairo are said to be crossing at Bird's Point, and they are working night and day fortifying that place.

I understand that General Hardee will soon commence a forward movement, and that he will probably advance on the military road leading to Jackson, on the road from Cape Girardeau to Ironton. Until I hear from him, however, I cannot know his purpose. Brigadier-General Thompson, who now is in command of Watkins' force, is at Bloomfield. He has about 2,000 men, badly armed.

I will need more force before I can advance upon Cape Girardeau, unless Hardee unites with me. The enemy will have from 8,000 to 10,000 men there; a force too strong, combined with the Bird's Point forces, for me to attack alone. If Hardee would advance on the route, at some point between this and Cape Girardeau we would dislodged the enemy. The forces at Bird's Point and Cape Girardeau will be united when my movements indicate my route. That force is too large to leave in my rear. The route across the country to Ironton does not furnish subsistence. It is important that Martin's regiment should be sent forward to occupy Fort [Pillow?], and let Neely's regiment, now in efficient condition, come to my support. This would give Martin an opportunity to drill his troops, and quality them for the field.

If another new regiment could take the place of Walker's, at Randolph, and let that regiment come forward, I could then advance and sweep the enemy from my way. I will keep you advised of everything that will interest you. My work of constructing the battery is going on.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, July 30, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK:

In reply to your dispatch of yesterday we have to say, that at the time of the first transfer of volunteers to Brigadier-General Hardee, the additional ten regiments were spoken of as a valuable body of reserve as connected with the forces then turned over to him. Our agreement with Colonel Johnson is consistent with this idea, and we decline to change it; we appreciate the fact, however, that the generals in command make such disposition of forces as will best subserve the public good, and expect they will do so.

H. M. RECTOR,

President Military Board.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Bloomfield, Mo., July 30, 1861-8 a.m.

Major General GIDEON J. PILLOW,

Commanding the Army of Liberation, New Madrid, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Yours of the 29th instant is at hand. I would immediately start to see you, but think it better I should wait for the return

