
force ordered to destroy the railroad above have returned, and report that they destroyed one-quarter of a mile, and did it well, by burning up everything. I have made arrangements with Mr. Townsend to return to Saint Louis and with his secret society to destroy large portions of the Iron Mountain Road. This is essential to be done, and to be done as quickly as possible, as a means of crippling the enemy, in the future movements looking to a concentration of forces to meet us. I wish you to advise me as early as possible if you will order up the regiments asked for with Hamilton's company to work this battery.

Your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Greenville, Mo., August 4, 1861.

Major-General POLK,

Commanding Department Numbers 2, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Learning that the enemy, numbering from 800 to 1,500 men, had left Ironton for this place, I immediately advanced with 1,000 infantry, 250 cavalry, and a battery of artillery to meet him. Hearing of our approach, he packed up and retired towards Ironton.

I have sent a party of Missourians to burn the bridges and tear up the railroad between Ironton and Saint Louis. If accomplished, I shall not hesitate to advance upon Ironton. The enemy does not number more than 3,000, and although I have but, 1,250, I can have, if I need them, the active co-operation of 1,000 to 1,500 Missourians. The great point is to cut them off from re-enforcements or from communication with Saint Louis. In any event I shall not send this command back to Pitman's Ferry. I am anxious to unite with General Pillow in any movement that will free Missouri. He ought to have 10,000 men in his column; 6,000 at least. I shall not be able to advance with more than 4,000. With 10,000 or 14,000 men we ought to move to the attack of any force in Missouri. I would recommend yo to look out against an advance into Tennessee. It would strengthen the Federals to make a successful move anywhere at this time, particularly to take a place of such strategic and commercial importance as Memphis. I judge that a brave movement into Missouri would do much to prevent an offensive movement of the enemy into Tennessee. I should be pleased to have your views at all times.

Be pleased to see that my requisition for 90 days' provisions for 7,000 men are filled; if not sent, my men will be in a starving condition; also that all my requisitions for quartermaster and medical stores are sent without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

I have just received a dispatch from General Jeff. Thompson's camp, informing me that the general is absent at New Madrid, and the officer second in command declines to move without the orders of the general. It was from this force that I expected assistance.

I desire you will send me without delay 400 flour sacks and 50 covers. My quartermaster is no with me, or I would have him make out a regular requisition.

