
of Arkansas, and which you authorized Mr. G. P. Johnson to turn over to me.

I also inclose a copy of my instructions to Colonel T. C. Hindman, who is directed to proceed to the brigade of General Pearce, and receive from your agent, General Burrow, the troops under the command of General Pearce, in the service of the State of Arkansas. I regret I could not receive these troops sooner, but I have already informed you of my reasons for declining to do so.

If General McCulloch intends attacking Springfield, he has already done so.

I regret that I felt constrained to decline to accept the troops you kindly tendered to me. I want these regiments. My force is too small for offensive operations, but I did not have authority to do so.

I came here with about 1,200 men, to punish a party of the enemy numbering, it was estimated, from 800 to 1,500 men, who came from Ironton, it would seem, to plunder. Hearing of our approach, they left for Ironton. My advance is within about 18 or 20 miles of that place.

I have endeavored to interrupt communication between Ironton and Saint Louis by tearing up the railroad and burning the bridges, but my efforts thus far have been unsuccessful.

I came here expecting the co-operation of 2,000 Missourians, under General Thompson. I placed myself yesterday (after several days' delay) in communication with that officer, who promised to unite with me in an attack on Ironton. He parted with me anxious to perform his part of the expedition, but last night he sent me a dispatch stating that he had received peremptory orders from Governor Jackson to repair forthwith to New Madrid to assist General Pillow, who was anticipating an attack by General Fremont.

My force is at present too weak to advance on Ironton without his co-operation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

Much in want of clothing of every description. Shoes furnished from New Orleans not arrived.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS,Greenville, Mo., August 7, 1861.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I received to-day by the hands of Mr. G. P. Johnson an agreement made by him with the military board of Arkansas, by which the military board has transferred to the Confederate States the troops recently called into the service of the State of Arkansas by proclamation of the governor. These troops Mr. Johnson expected me to receive, but I have declined to accept for the following reasons: From the letter of instructions given him by the Honorable L. P. Walker, Secretary of War, I do not believe he had authority to receive those regiments; on the contrary, his authority extended only to receiving the troops and munition of war tendered to the Confederate States by the Confederate States do not contemplate receiving troops without arms, and I am fully convinced that these regiments are only in part armed, and most of the arms they have unserviceable. I judge this from the domestic arms I have seen

