
NEW MADRID, MO., August 12, 1861.

Major-General POLK:

I am very much annoyed by visitors to the army from Memphis. I will take it as a favor if you will grant such no more permits to come up the river. All civilians who attempt to accompany the army will be made to go into the ranks; the ladies will be returned to Memphis. Let this be understood by those desiring to come up. I would be glad to have any of the companies belonging to the Memphis Legion that are thoroughly equipped. Captain King's company of Colonel Pickett's regiment, at Union City, can get a fine supply of improved arms in Kentucky, provided they will come into this service. Dispatch at Randolph; if you send it, also send me all the canister you have in Memphis. I wish very much some 8-inch grape and all the large spherical case and shells for my 8-inch howitzer you have. Please have them sent me by the return trip of K-g.

GID. J. PILLOW,

General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, August 13, 1861.

His Excellency, C. F. JACKSON, Governor of Missouri:

SIR: The Congress have appropriated $1,000,000 to provide arms and ammunition and subsistence and transportation for the troops of Missouri co-operating with those of Arkansas, and mr. Broadwell has been appointed brigade quartermaster to perform commissary duties to carry into effect the appropriation thus made, and to supervise and direct the expenditures under the different heads mentioned, and hence he has been charged to deliver this letter to you in person.

I have the honor to be, with sentiments of high regard.

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

MEMPHIS, TENN., August 13, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK:

SIR: This is to certify that the bearer, General James Harding, quartermaster-general of the State of Missouri, is hereby authorized and empowered to make requisitions for all army stores for the Missouri State Guard, and for me, and in my name, to receive and receipt for the same; and he is further authorized to receive and receipt for such sums of money or bounds as may be furnished by the Confederate States as may, on official statement, be shown to be necessary for the indispensable wants of the Missouri State Guard.

C. F. JACKSON,

Governor, and Commander-in-Chief of Mo. S. G.

CAMP SIKESTON, MO., August 13, 1861-6 a.m.

Brigadier General W. J. HARDEE, C. S. A., Greenville, Mo.:

DEAR GENERAL: The order to General Pillow to evacuate New Madrid was countermanded after he had gone some distance down the

