
500 yard sot several miles, if desired. Every portion of a boat ademption to pass would be exposed, even tot he rudder, the covering of the deck, broadsides and stern at the same instant.

The position of these batteries, to be taken by a flank movement, is as storing in favor of the forts as they would be against an enemy on the water, if properly constructed. That with a cordon of stations on the route from the river to Union City from 25 to 35 mils in length, the whole of Northwestern Tennessee could be easily defended; and no more favorable line could be found to resist the enemy, while being ready at any moment to concentrate rapidly a strong force (without weakening the main defenses) for the purpose of offensive movements northward upon our foes.

If New madrid was threatened by a land attack, the garrison of New Madrid could be re-enforced from the neck in a few hours. With the forts above placed, one large steamer at least might always be kept in readiness at New Madrid to transport troops either side, as the emergency required.

The situation of Island Numbers 10, in connection with the mainland defenses, for the purpose of repelling the enemy from the New Madrid side as well as the Tennessee side, and for a protection to the valley of the Mississippi and a magnificent section of the State of Tennessee, has no superior, in my judgment, above Memphis.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, August 16, 1861.

Major GORGAS, Chief of Ordnance:

SIR: In a letter from Brigadier General McCulloch, dated Camp near Cassville, Mo., July 30, occurs the following paragraph:

I have been compelled to furnish other commands with so much of my ammunition that my supply is now very limited, and if the enemy re-enforced it may be necessary to have a large supply [here to carry on the war. In any event it is necessary to have a supply] sent to Fort Smith for the use of my command, and I hope you will see the necessity of at once sending me a large amount of flint-lock musket cartridges and percussion musket cartridges for percussion and minie muskets, and caps, and such cannon ammunition for field pieces as can be spared. We are very much in need of caps, both for the musket and the ordinary rifle. I am in hopes that you have sent me the cavalry arms that I have applied for in former communications. Major Clark has notified me that ammunition lately sent for the use of the brigade (70 boxes musket cartridges and a quantity of accouterments) were lost with the steamboat William henry on the Arkansas River.

Your attention is respectfully directed to the importance of this subject, especially in view of the active operations now commence din Missouri, and you are instructed to supply Brigadier-General McCulloch's want to the extent of your power.

Respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, August 16, 861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States of America:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter from Governor Jackson, of Missouri, in which he suggests the importance of all military operations in Missouri being under one head.* I have also a letter from Lieutenant

---------------

*See Jackson to Cabell, August 8, p. 639.

---------------

