
troops. The great city of Saint Louis, with its capital, shops, and bank capital, the point from which all his operations must be directed, is in imminent danger and will fall if we push up our operations, and then he will have received a blow paralyzing him more than if Washington was captured.

If you will only order me up one more regiment, and push up my transportation, and let Captain W. H. Jackson come forward with my battery and the additional ordnance and subsistence stores on board the Hill, I will drive everything out of my way, join Hardee in five days, and push on to Saint Louis, destroying the railroad; but for God's sake dont's hold me back or cripple me for a want which will wait on you until the work of emancipating Missouri is completed.

Your dispatch of last night is received and contents carefully read.

You will perceive that the steps ordered by you, and based entirely on impressions and information of last night, would be modified by the new light we now have. All of our impressions from then existing lights are totally changed by the developments since you left, showing that the enemy at that very moment was hurrying histories from our front to Saint Louis, and that the movement involved the fall of his cause in the West. Under all these circumstances I w ill suspend any action in regard to the island movement until I can hear from you. Captain Gray will remain here until we get your answer. I cannot doubt if you were here now your views would correspond with mine as to the eminent importance of pressing forward. I can push forward in two days after you return the Hill.

Don't lose a moment's time in answering.

Your obedient servant,

GID. J. PILLOW,

General, Commanding.

CAMP SIKESTON, MO., August 16, 1861.

Captain CHARLES PRICE, Commanding Dragoons, Present:

DEAR SIR: You will proceed on your march, as ordered last night, although the Tennesseeans have returned; join Lieutenant Dunson, and go as near Bird's Point as possible, to obtain information of what is going on there. I understand the enemy has called in all his workmen and guards. Be very vigilant, keeping out flankers, so that you may not be cut off. He has two companies of dragoons, but they are not you equal in prowess, if you are not surprised. If you find these reports are true, you must send us some more goods and transportation from the neighborhood of Charleston and the country stores around that point of country. We need clothes, boots, shoes, candles, soap, and many other articles, which your judgment will prompt. Prevent private stealing and personal revenge, but remember we are at war, and must be provided with certain necessaries. Send me a courier each two hours, after you reach Charleston. You will remain until relieved.

Yours, &amp;c.,

M JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP SIKESTON, MO., August 16, 1861.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW, C. S. A., New Madrid, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I have ordered the Mississippi, two companies of my dragons, and my Third Regiment to advance on Benton and Hamburg,

