
CAMP SIKESTON, MO., August 17, 1861.

Major J. H. MILLER,

Commanding Advance, Watkins' Farm, Mo.:

DEAR MAJOR: I have just received a dispatch from Captain Neely, informing me of the landing of steamboats at Commerce. I believe their stay will be temporary, but it will be well tow watch them close, and if you can hit them a rap, to do so. Pillow's column will probable move on Monday morning, and I am ordered to remain in statu quo until then. If the disposition of my troops beyond Jones' Ford does not suit you, you can change them. I had intended to move forward to-night, but I have orders to await the arrival of pillow's column.

The distrust and bad feeling at New Madrid is distressing; General Polk eighter does not understand the people of Missouri or he belongs to the ox telegraph line. He has again ordered Genera Pillow to return to Union City, but Pillow refuses to obey. If he take the troops away, I will call for volunteers, and fight on my own hook. I rely upon your superior judgment and discretion for the safety of my men beyond Jones' Ford.

Yours, &amp;c.,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP SIKESTON, MO., August 17, 1861-6 o'clock.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW, C. S. A., New Madrid, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Yours, by Captain White, was received last night.* I am astonished that rumors should have reached New Madrid that I had left your stores exposed. I have and will keep at this place, until relieved, four companies infantry (about 300 men) and about 200 dragoons. Neely's and Haywood's camps are still here, although they are both our on duty. I herewith send you a requisition for a tent for my own use. I have been sleeping about more like a stray dog than a general, and the State of Missouri has not a yard of material suitable for tents nor money to buy it with. I do not care about a regular marquee, unless you have a surplus, but anything that will answer the purpose. A dispatch from Major Miller this morning reports all safe in Scott County. I will move to Watkins' farm or Benton this morning, and await your orders.

Yours, respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP SIKESTON, MO., August 17, 1861-8 p. m.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW, C. S. A., New Madrid, Mo.:

DEAR GENERAL: I have left my command in statu quo since I wrote to you at noon. Nothing has occurred since to change my opinion about my being able to take Cape Girardeau, but my delay has filled my hands with business nearer home. I have just received a dispatch from Captain Neely, which I inclose to you.* The mill spoken of is of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

