
The information contained in your note is very gratifying, and will welcome your arrival in Benton. I will have all the wells in the neighborhood thoroughly examined and rapiered, and will have schedule of all the corn, oats, and hay in the townships taken before your arrival and properly distributed and concentrated. I have 250 head of beef cattle at Bloomfield, which can be brought up at any time, and there is an abundance on the line of our march. I have no change to report since mine of the forenoon.

I hope some of the troops will be up immediately, as the chances are that Marsh may hear the truth as to the paucity of my men and attempt to give me a fight to-morrow or next day, and I am anxious to run him through a trashing-machine.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEAR NEW MADRID, August 19, 1861.

Major-General POLK:

SIR: On the arrival of steamboat Hill a this point yesterday morning, i was ordered verbally by General Pillow's officer to take my command off boat and proceed to the interior with other troops then moving. I did not do so. The officer then made one in writing. I then made my appearance at the general's quarters, and told him I was under orders to go to Island 10. He replied he understood all, and made other arrangements with you, and issued another more peremptory order. I then reported myself to Captain Gray, your topographical engineer, named in your instructions, and he directed me to do as General Pillow ordered; that the general had furnished him all the force he wanted. I then disembarked my troops and left, getting out a few miles where I now give the fact, hoping the means of communicating with you, was at a loss to know what to do. Carroll's regiment was assigned duty at Numbers 10, together with an artillery company or two.

Thanking you for your kindness, and hoping you may be successful in all you desire, I am, very respectfully, yours,

R. P. NEELY,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Regiment Tennessee.

FORT PILLOW, TENN., August 19, 1861.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW,

Commanding Army Corps, Missouri:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding has received your dispatch of yesterday in reference to the change you have thought proper to make in the destination of Colonel Neely's Fourth Regiment and Major Stewart's battalion of artillery. He directs me to say to you that the orders addressed to the two officers commanding these corps were directed to them personally from headquarters, and that he expected them to be complied with. The commanding general therefore directs that the original detail be at once complied with, viz, Colonel Neely, Fourth Regiment, and Major Stewart, battalion of artillery, will immediately

