
In your dispatch you say that upon refection, on certain considerations which you enumerated, "I am induced to hesitate and bout the conclusion at which I had arrived (as to the expediency of a forward movement), and to submit the whole matter to you for reconsideration and for your instructions."

My opinion is that you should abandon for the present this forward movement, and my orders are that you recall your troops as soon as you can with safety to New Madrid, and that the plan submitted by me for the present employment of these troops be carried out, to wit, that a part of the force acting with you, that of General Thompson, with his consent, be posted at the best position that can be found on the Missouri side of the river, and the rest of [the] forces be divided between the fortified position of Island Numbers 10 and the post at union City. The details of this distribution will be communicated in a subsequent order.

I have dispatched to General Hardee that my opinion is he should abandon a forward movement and fall back on his base. His further movements will be matter for further consideration.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp Acock, (near Bolivar), August 26, 1861.

Brigadier-General HARRIS, Second Military District:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Price to acknowledge the receipt of your third dispatch, dated the 21st instant,* and to say that he has never received any previous communication from you. He is now marching with this army towards the Missouri River, in the direction of Lexington, near which place he proposes to concentrate as large a force as possible, with a view to future operations. he cannot, consistently with his present plans, detach any portion of his command for service beyond the river just now, and you will therefore, unless you can raise a sufficient force to maintain your position unaided, bring your troops to this side of the river, and effect a junction with this army at its proposed present destination near Lexington. An army can be organized there to operate north of the river.

General Price desires to express his appreciation of the spirited and effective manner in which you have conducted the campaign in your district.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THOMAS. L. SNEAK,

Acting Adjutant-General, Missouri State Guard.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, August 28, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, Commanding, &amp;c., Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 26th instant has been replied to by telegraph to day. In addition, I am instructed by the President to state that General Hardee writes that his campaign against Ironton was

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

