
well satisfied from the working of the existing arrangements that a change is necessary. For these operations to b directed wisely, harmoniously, and successfully they should be combined from west to east across the Mississippi Valley, and placed under the direction of one head, and that head should have large discretionary powers. Such a position is one of very great responsibility, involving and requiring large experience and extensive military knowledge, and I know of no one so well equal to that task as our friend General Albert S. Johnston. Such an appointment would cover all the commands of the generals now operating in fields nearest the enemy in the west and would give universal satisfaction. Indeed, actual experience shows that all the generals now in the Western field, having separate commands, operate to great disadvantage in consequence of the want of a single head. As I am informed our friend General Johnston is daily expected, I beg leave very respectfully but earnestly to urge upon you the expediency of this appointment. The success of our campaign in this valley may depend upon such an arrangement, and I know of no man who has the capacity to fill the position, who could be had, but General Johnston.

Hoping these views may commend themselves acceptably to you consideration, I remain, very truly, your friend,

L. POLK.

NEW MADRID, August 29, 1861.

Captain E. D. BLAKE, A. A. A. General, Dep't Numbers 2, Memphis:

CAPTAIN: I came down from the Island Numbers 10 Bend last night at the request of General Pillow. I go up in an hour, but will go down to Memphis in the first boat after this, say to-morrow, to see the general.

I have six guns in position and an impenetrable parapet, so that the enemy cannot now trouble us while erecting the larger works at Island Numbers 10.

I wrote a note to General Pillow's dispatch, at his request, and believe what I said to be the best move. I wish to communicate in person with the general himself upon all our matters here and things of importance. I wish the general commanding could let the troops remain as they are now here, until I see him in a day or two.

We are progressing as well as can be expected under the circumstances.

The Kentucky leaves in a few minutes, so pardon this hasty note.

I go up to our fort in half an hour.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

A. B. GRAY,

Captain, C. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, August 30, 1861.

His Excellency Governor RECTOR, Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: In the act of transfer, &amp;c., entered into between the governor and military board of the State of Arkansas and Brigadier-General Hardee on the part of this Government, it was stipulated, as your excellency will remember, that the State of Arkansas should furnish field transportation, &c., for the troops so transferred and that the Confederate Government should replay to the State all her outlay thus expended.

