
protected until the proposed treaty shall be ratified between your Nation and the Confederate States. General Pike, who alone is authorized to make treaties with the several Indian nations and tribes on our borders, will meet your chiefs, and conclude a treaty, by which both parties will stand or fall in one common cause.

I shall forward copies of the documents you sent me to my Government.

Hoping a treaty will be made that shall prove advantageous to all concerned, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BEN. MCCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., September 1, 1861.

Colonel JOHN DREW, Cherokee Nation:

SIR: Yours of the 24th August is now before me. I am, as will be my country, pleased with the course your chiefs and people have pursued. Our interests are the same. Then let us make it a common cause by uniting our forces against a common enemy.

As soon as a treaty can be entered into between your chiefs and General Pike your regiment will be received and mustered into service.

In accordance with the wishes of your principal chief, John Ross, I have ot employed any of your people within your limits, but have required all those who wish to join me to do so outside of the Nation. I authorized Colonel Stand Watie to raise a force to assist me in protecting your northern border from invasion by meeting the enemy north of your line. This he has done, and with his assistance I shall see that you frontier is well protected until the proper treaty is ratified and your regiment can take the field.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BEN. MCCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL 'S OFFICE, Numbers 141. Richmond, September 2, 1861.

* * * *

8. The department under the command of Major General Leonidas Polk, Provisional Army, is extended to embrace the State of Arkansas and all military operations in the State of Missouri.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., September 2, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WLAKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: I arrived here two days since, at which time the State troops were to be mustered into the Confederate service. They have all gone home except some 18 or 20. In a few weeks many of them can be re-enlisted. They do not like the idea of being sent to Pocahontas and leaving their own homes unprotected. The arms turned over by them

