
in Arkansas would now, in all probability, be garrisoned, like those of Missouri, Kentucky, and Maryland, with Northern soldiery. To his efforts the Southern cause is much indebted for the stand Arkansas finally assumed beside her Southern sister States. Manfully facing the political storm that raged over the country, he imperiled his life, property, and reputation in the support of Southern independence. I think such men deserve service at the hands of the Confederate Government, when their qualifications justify the bestowal of such confidence.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., September 4, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: It was my intention to have left this evening for Richmond, but the distressing intelligence of the entire disbandment of our troops on the Western frontier by General Pearce, and the dangerous predicament in which General McCulloch is place dy that most unprecedented act, have induced me to forego my intended visit.

The condition of affairs has materially changed since the writing of the inclosed letter.* Then McCulloch was at the head of a victorious army, in which the State was well represented. The intelligence of last night has changed the whole aspect of things-the Arkansas troops disbanded, McCulloch in retreat from Springfield, and our wounded at that place left to the tender care of a merciless foe. Who knows what may next occur? Arkansas may at any moment need her sons to defend her from the insults of the enemy. My services amy at any moment be needed at home, and whether colonel, captain, or private, I belong to my country, body and soul.

It is certainly with great regret that I am compelled, under present circumstances, to lose the opportunity of visiting the capital, and the honor of an interview with yourself.

The subject-matter of the inclose dais left to your consideration, and in whatever manner it may be decided, it will, I assure you, be satisfactory to your most obedient servant,

EDMUND BURGEVIN.
HEADQUARTERS UPPER DISTRICT ARKANSAS,Pitman's Ferry, September 4, 1861.

Major-General POLK,

Commanding Department Numbers 2, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I have received your letters of the 29th and 30th ultimo.* I have already informed you of my arrival at this place. The health of my command required that to should remove it from greenville and place it where it could recruit. Having determined to retire, I saw no object in halting short of my base, where I could get supplies for my sick. I am now laboring to organize, equip, drill, and discipline my force, which I have been unable to do heretofore. I can hardly be spared to go to New Madrid. There is no one here of sufficient experience to command in my absence; but if you propose sending a force into

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

