
Missouri, it is all important that I should have a full understanding with you before that movement commences. As I am here instead of at Greenville, where you supposed your letters would reach me, I judge it not important that I should meet you at New Madrid. The Point Pleasant plank road can be examined by some once else as well or better than by myself. If agreeable to you, I would prefer to confer with you in Memphis, which place I can reach as expeditiously as New Madrid. If this arrangement situs you, inform me be express, and I will come over as soon as possible.

I hope you will not send any troops to this place until I see you. They can be fed more cheaply on the Mississippi, and at present I am not prepared to move. My men are much in want of clothing. I am taking all proper measures to get it, but as I can only get it by making an appeal to the patriotic citizens of Arkansas, some time must necessarily elapse before it can be patriotic citizens of Arkansas, some time must necessarily elapse before it can be procured. I am sending one or two influential men to each county where companies have been raised to induce the people to aid me in this matter. I shall send this by express form Pocahontas, and hope to hear from you by the same route in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. HARDEE,

Brigadier-General.

I inclose a copy of General McCulloch's last communication.*

RICHMOND, September 5, 1861.

Colonel J. FLOURNOY, Little Rock, Ark.:

Inform General McCulloch that his telegram to the President is received, and that every effort will be made to increase his force, the only limit being the number or arms.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 5, 1861.

His Excellency HENRY M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

SIR: The following is a copy of a telegram which I sent to you yesterday, and which, in view of its importance, I here copy for fear it may not have reached you:

General McCulloch telegraphed that the Arkansas troops in his command have been mustered out of service and have taken with them their arms and batteries. Unless this is remedied disaster may befall him. All the Arkansas troops not exactly in Hardee's command should be sent to McCulloch without delay, and the arms and batteries should be returned to him, with which to arm other troops willing to join him.

In view, furthermore, of the great importance of this crisis, I would respectfully suggest to your excellency to induce, by every means in your power, the Arkansas troops of McCulloch's division to return at once to service under McCulloch if possible, and also to incorporate all the organized companies, regiments, or battalions now in your State, but not yet mustered into service, into McCulloch's division as soon as

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

