
possible. I would also further suggest to your excellency to call at once, by proclamation, for as many more troops, by regiment or companies, as will suffice to insure a total of ten or twelve Arkansas regiments at least under McCulloch's command, and to muster the same as soon as possible into service, and to do all in your power to arm them speedily with the arms of the disbanded regiments, or with any other arms that may be procured. I would also request your excellency to communicate freely with the officers commanding on your frontiers, so that you may have timely knowledge of their want, and they may know what to expect from you.

Pressing again the importance of this subject upon your excellency's attention, and confidently relying upon your cordial co-operation for the common safety, I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, September 5, 1861.

General LEONIDAS POLK, Commanding, &amp;c., Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: I send herewith, by direction of the President, a communication for General McCulloch, which yo are requested to forward to his address, retaining a copy of the same, with a copy of the laws inclosed for your own government, and furnishing a copy of both to Brigadier-General Hardee also for his government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, September 5, 1861.

Brigadier-General MCCULLOCH,

Commanding, &c., Fort Smith, Ark.:

GENERAL: Herewith inclosed you will receive a copy of the laws relating to the receiving of troops from other States than those of the Confederacy and for military co-operation with the people of Missouri.

Intelligence of the separation and withdrawal of troops at this critical juncture has caused pailful anxiety, but it is hoped you will be able soon to repair any losses which you have thus sustained by mustering new troops into the service.

Brigadier-General Pike, it is hoped, will be able with the Indian forces to give special aid to you, either by being present with you or by covering the Indian country and the western frontiers of Missouri, as circumstances may indicate.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CAMP DAVIS,

Columbus, Ky., September 7, 1861.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW, C. S. Army:

DEAR GENERAL: I beg leave to report that I am fast recovering my strength, and consider that i am now strong enough to do duty. I

