
PROCLAMATION.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Jackson, Ark., September 10, 1861.

Citizens of Arkansas, Texas, and Louisiana:

Every exertion is now being made on the part of our enemies of the North to retrieve their late disastrous defeats on the plains of Manassas and the late battle-field of Oak Hills. It now becomes necessary, in order to maintain the glorious achievements of our arms, that a large force should be thrown into the field on this frontier; and having received instructions from the War Department at Richmond to increase the force under my command, I will receive and muster into the service of the Confederate States five regiments of infantry from each of the above-named States, by companies, battalions, or regiments, for three years or during the war. Those from Arkansas will rendezvous at Fort Smith and Camp Jackson. I have in my possession arms sufficient to equip two regiments of Arkansas troops. The remaining three are required to equip themselves with the best they can procure. The forces from Texas will rendezvous at Sherman. Those from Louisiana will rendezvous at Little Rock. Bot of the above name dare expected to equip themselves with the best arms they can procure. An officer will be detailed to muster into the service the forces from each State at their respective places of rendezvous. The commanding officers of companies, battalions, and regiments, as soon as they have been mustered into service, will procure the necessary transportation for their several commands, and march them at once to Camp Jackson, unless otherwise ordered. Each man will be provided with two suits of winter clothes and two bankers, together with tents, if they can be procured. It is desirable that the forces of the several States should be in the field at as early a day as possible. I call upon you, therefore, to rally to the defense of your sister State, Missouri. Her cause is your cause, and the cause of justice and independence. Then rally, my countrymen, and assist your friends in Missouri to drive back the Republican myrmidons that still pollute her soiled and threaten to invade your own country, confiscate your property, liberate your slaves, and put tot he sword every true Southern man who dares to take up arms in defense of his rights.

The principles inaugurated in this war by the proclamation of Major-General Fremont should warn the South of the ultimate intentions of the North, and show them the necessity of rallying to the standard of their country (for the time specified above), prepared to fight in defense of their homes, their altars, and their firesides until our independence shall be recognized and its blessings secured to our posterity.

BEN. MCCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MCCULLOCH'S BRIGADE, Numbers 43. Camp Jackson, Ark., September 12, 1861.

Colonel Greer, commanding the South Kansas-Texas cavalry, will on to-morrow, the 13th instant, proceed with his command to the vicinity of Carthage. Twenty-one days' rations will be forwarded him to-day (the 12th).

On arriving near Carthage, Colonel Greer will selected an encampment

