
at a low cost, and have sent it to New Orleans, under the care of Lieutenant Carter, to be cut down and prepared for an armament.

This work is now nearly completed, and as Lieutenant Carter, who has been some time past in service in this region, has a knowledge of our wants and how to meet them, I have respectfully to represent that I should be glad to have him continued under my command for the purpose of taking charge of this gunboat, and that he be relieved from the operation of the order above alluded to.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MO. STATE GUARD, Numbers 31. Lexington, Mo., September 27, 1861.

1. Colonel B. A. Rives, with 3,000 men, composed of details of companies, as follows: First Division, 500; Second Division, 300; Fourth Division, 500; Fifth Division, 500; Seventh Division, 1,200, will be in readiness to move early to-morrow morning. The detachment from each division, under command of the senior officer, will cross the river and report on the other side to Colonel Rives.

2. The detachment from each division will be furnished by their division commissaries with five days' rations. No tents will be taken, and only one wagon to three companies, which will carry the provisions and cooking utensils of the three companies.

3. Colonel Rives will report in person to the major-general commanding.

By command of Major General S. Price:

HENRY LITTLE,Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, Ky., September 29, 1861.

General McCULLOCH:

GENERAL: From the papers General Johnston has reports of the defeat of Colonel Hunter in Missouri and your call for re-enforcement from the people of the State. Upon this he has telegraphed the governor of Arkansas to push forward by you the troops (10,000) heretofore called for from that State as rapidly as they can be armed. He has not yet heard from the governor in answer to the call, and cannot advise you of the probable time at which you can count on this force or any part thereof.

In the mean time, he authorizes you to muster into service as many armed regiments of Arkansas or Missouri troops and as many armed companies from either State as may offer for twelve months or the war, reserving to the President the granting of all commissions for the field officers of all troops raised in Missouri. You will give acting appointments to field officers of the Missouri troops, to be effective until the pleasure of the President is made known; and to avoid future trouble inform those gentlemen so appointed by you that the power of appointment is the President's alone.

The Arkansas regiments are to be mustered into service by you on their arrival, and their time of service will be reckoned on the rolls from the

