
date certified to you by the governor of the State as that of their presentation at the rendezvous in Arkansas.

Purchase such supplies as you many need and [can] procure in the district of your operations, and for all others call on the quartermaster, commissary, and ordnance officer at Memphis.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., September 29, 1861.

General M. JEFF. THOMPSON, Missouri Troops:

GENERAL: General Johnston wishes you to move your command to the vicinity of Farmington, on the route to Saint Louis.

The object of this movement is to relieve the pressure of the Federal forces upon Genera Price, and to draw attention from the movements here, and if possible to embarrass their movements by cutting their Ironton Railroad.

The position you will occupy and the route will be such as your judgment dictates. The general desires you to remain in the field so long as you can do so in safety to your command and further these projects.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO. S. G.,Camp Belmont, Mo., September 29, 1861.

Colonel W. G. PHEELAN, Commanding Second Regiment:

SIR: You will take from your command 120 men and proceed into the neighborhood of Harrison's Mills, and burn, cut down, or destroy the bridge on the Cairo and Fulton Railroad at that point. You will also accept as many volunteers as may choose to go, and select such men as may be necessary for spies and guides from the commands of Colonel Brown and Captain Price. You will endeavor to find out the exact force that may be at the bridge alluded to, and also the bridge near Charleston; and if you can whip force that may be at Harrisons's Bridge in an hour's time, you will not hesitate to attack him. But, if the force be too strong or too well posted to whip in one hour, you had better decline a fight, as the force at Bird's Point will be too near to waste too much fatigued, you can approach the railroad at the most eastern point that is possible, and, after destroying the track, you can march westward, towards Charleston, and render as many points useless as possible. Much of the detail of an expedition of this kind must be left to the discretion and bravery of the officers in command, and you will therefore understand that my object in sending you is to render the Cairo and Fulton Railroads useless to our enemies; and, if you must

fight to accomplish our object, you must not hesitate a moment, if there is the slightest possible hope of success.

By order of M. Jeff. Thompson, brigadier-general, commanding:

J. R. PURVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

