
will be out next week and ready for its guns, and it is so necessary, that I have resolved to devote certain guns I obtained for land batteries to her use. These she will take on at Memphis, and will be ready in a few days thereafter for service. Two of the enemy's gunboats came down to this place two days ago and opened fire on the batteries I was putting into position, shelling and throwing round shot. Their fire was returned with vigor and with such success as to cripple them both. One of them, we are informed, sank about 10 miles above this, and the other was so much injured as to be obliged to be relieved of her armament. Had the boat Lieutenant Carter is now building been on hand, we should have been able to capture or destroy them both.

The expense of the construction of Lieutenant Carter's boat, I am informed, is moderate, and the work remarkably well done.

It will be necessary to make provision for the payment of the expenditures incurred in the construction, and I write to say that I shall be obliged by your indicating the mode in which these expenditures are to be provided for.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp on the South side of the Osage, October 10, 1861.

Brigadier General HARRIS, Seventh Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to direct that you move with your command at sunrise to-morrow morning in the direction of Clintonville.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY LITTLE,

Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, October 11, 1861.

General B. McCULLOCH,

Fort Smith, Ark., via Memphis and Little Rock:

The quartermaster at Fort Smith telegraphs that he can haul on his return trains 200,000 pounds lead per month from the Granby mines. You are instructed to co-operate with him in this as far as consistent with your military operations.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

CARTHAGE, MO., October 12, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, President C. S. A.:

SIR: The bearer of this note, Colonel Greer, of Texas, is probably better known to you than myself, but I know him well, and can say of him that he is a gentleman and a soldier worthy of the highest confidence; that he is familiar with every movement of the Missouri troops since their entrance upon the battle-field, and will give you a faithful history of the condition of affairs in the State. On the 26th ultimo I dispatched a messenger to you (Colonel Snead), clothed with power to conclude a thready, offensive and defensive, between the Con-

