
federate States and Missouri, and trust ere this reaches you that the treaty has been made, and that you will fell at liberty to make an appointment at once of a general to command all the forces operating in Missouri. In this connection you will pardon me for suggesting the name of General Sterling Price as the man fit for the place, and under whose lead the troops of Missouri, Arkansas, and Texas will rally as one man. But in this matter I defer to your better judgment, and will be most happy to rally my men under any man you may see fit to appoint.

In a few days I have every reason to hope the legislature will be in session, and as soon as this takes place and ordinance of secession will be passed by an almost unanimous vote, and will be overwhelmingly ratified by the people whenever they can vote upon it.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

C. F. JACKSON.

RICHMOND, October 13, 1861.

D. W. DAVIS, Secretary Military Board, Little Rock, Ark.:

Will arm the regiments ordered out from Arkansas as rapidly as possible. The arms now in arsenal are subject to the order of General McCulloch, and he is authorized to put them in hands of such troops as the thinks best. Let the men be mustered into our service, and we will equip and supply them in camp, and furnish arms at the earliest possible moment.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

FORT SMITH, October 14, 1861 (via Little Rock, 18th).

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

I have this day shipped to Memphis 32,000 pounds of lead sent from the Granby mines, in Missouri. Will continue to forward lead, and I believe can furnish all that is wanted for the Confederate Army.

G. W. CLARK.

CAMP JACKSON, ARK., October 14, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: I am just in receipt of a letter from Governor Jackson, in which he informs me that his force has fallen back from Lexington to the Osage River, and that they are in great want of musket caps. I have at this time only 75,000, but will where them with him as far as would be safe for this command. He writes from Carthage, 60 miles north of this, and is on his way south with his family. Colonel Greer, whom I send as bearer of dispatches, says the governor is exceedingly anxious to march back to the Missouri River, and there go into winter quarters.

This I think, under the circumstances, to say the least, would be imprudent.

As to my own command, it is badly organized, armed, and equipped, and poorly provided with clothing and blankets for this latitude, besides being only half supplied with caps. Other kinds of ammunition we have in abundance for a campaign, though it would be impossible with my present limited means of transportation to take a sufficient supply of ammunition for the artillery. Taking all things into consideration, I

