
shall advise the Missouri forces to go into winter quarters on Spring River, the position now held by my mounted regiments. Then they would be in a country well supplied with grain, and mills to grind it, and could take the field in the spring in good condition, well supplied with everything that could be procured in the South during the winter. In the mean time the force under my command could be increased, so as to enable us to take the field with a respectable army when the winter breaks. At present the half of my command left me by sickness are so enfeebled as not to be able to stand the cold weather with the light clothing they have.

The sooner the Missouri forces are reorganized and mustered into the Confederate service the better, as they at present not bound by any tie, and will remain in the field no longer than they think fit, no matter what may result from their withdrawal.

I will march with my whole force to the aid of General Price, and in the event of General Fremont pursuing, will endeavor to form a junction with the former in time to give battle to the latter at such time and place as may be thought most advisable.

In a conclusion, I beg leave to suggest the propriety of destroying Kansas as far north as possible. We can never have quiet or safety among the Indians so long as Kansas remains inhabited by its present population, and although I have up to this time declined to march an Indian force into Missouri, yet I will do so in the event of the approach of a large Federal force, or it may be possible that they will be used against Kansas this fall.

Hoping this course will meet the approbation of the Department, I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, October 14, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

I am raising five regiments of men for General McCulloch. They need camp equipage, including tents, which can be procured in Memphis. We have nothing to buy them with except Arkansas war bonds, which are only worth seventy cents in that market. Is it not better that the confederate government supply that article, thus preventing so great a sacrifice of our paper? Again, it is impossible for us to arm these troops and I have no intelligence from McCulloch as to the number of guns he can supply. The necessities of the service require an immediate answer.

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor, and ex officio President Military Board.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp near Greenfield, Mo., October 16, 1861.

General A. S. JOHNSTON, Commanding Confederate Forces:

GENERAL: General Holding, quartermaster-general of the State, leaves my camp to-day for Memphis, and I have the honor to communicate to you the military movement now taking place in this portion of the State.

