
low than needed. He learners this from an officer stationed at Fort Pillow. They have about 2,300 now there and more coming in daily. If you could give me an order on the commanding officer at Fort Pillow for 500 hands to work at Island Numbers 10 for ten days, we can be ready for any number of troops and armament when it may be deemed expedient to occupy the forts.

I will now refer to another matter, general. The little boat, called the Gordon Grant, which Colonel De Russy, said should be sent to us at Island Numbers 10, and which the quartermaster at Memphis stated was to be sent to us as soon as ready, is now at Fort Pillow. We have a boat sent us for our service at the island which is, I understand, costing $150 per day; she is unnecessarily large and expensive.

The Grant, if placed under my charge, will not cost, under any circumstances, including fuel, over $16 per day. This boat will answer all our purposes in completing the fortifications here, and also enable me to finish the topographical reconnaissance of the Mississippi River from Memphis to the Tennessee line, and also to Columbus, showing a correct view of the river, with the situation of the defenses and their approaches.

I send you, general, a rough outline of the river from actual survey made by me. It simply will show what I suppose would be so essential to your department, that of having the correct situation of the important points. This camp can now be very shortly completed, and in a few weeks (say two weeks) I wish to be able to report the completion of the forts of Island Numbers 10, and have a complete survey and map at your headquarters of all our work. I beg you will let me have Colonel Tilghman's map of Kentucky, to incorporate upon our general map, for a few days. General Cheatham, I learn, has also a copy.

Now, general, if you can give me the order for some hands and the order for the Gordon Grant, I can promise you much that will be done; that great expense will be saved the Government, and that I can finish up the works at this point greatly to my own satisfaction as well as to the public benefit.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

A. B. GRAY.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Pineville, Mo., October 22, 1861-12 noon.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Missouri State Guard, Neosho, Mo.:

GENERAL: A portion of my command will be on the Springfield road to-morrow, and I shall push a portion of my cavalry well in the advance, if possible, to ascertain any movements of the enemy from that direction.

I have instructed Colonel Stand Watie, with one regiment of Cherokees, to move into the natural land and Kansas, and destroy everything that might be of service to the enemy. I would suggest the propriety of your ordering a portion of your cavalry to destroy all the forage on Spring River below Carthage.

I am, general, with respect, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-If the enemy should not advance beyond Springfield, we might with our cavalry lay waste Kansas.

46 R R-VOL III

