
join McCulloch at or near Arkansas line. Nothing has been communicated by General McCulloch to the authorities upon this subject, but no doubt is entertained of the correctness of the above statement. We have four regiments partially organized, which could be put under marching orders immediately if they had arms. Is it possible to send any arms? Cannot the Arkansas regiments in or near Memphis be ordered back to our assistance? I think it important.

H. M. RECOTR,

Governor, and President of Military Board.

RICHMOND, October 26, 1861.

General ALBERT PIKE, Little Rock, Ark.:

I cannot assign to your command any Arkansas troops at this moment. Governor Rector is applying for return of the regiments in Tennessee.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, October 26, 1861.

Governor RECTOR, Little Rock, Ark.:

I have no arms that I can possibly send you; will provide you the instant I can. Will communicate to the commander-in-chief of Department of the West your desire to have the Arkansas regiments moved to Arkansas.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Acting Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp near Neosho, October 26, 1861.

Brigadier General BEN. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Confederate Forces:

GENERAL: I have just received from General Fremont a proposition for a general exchange of prisoners. This clearly indicates a change of policy on the part of the Federal Government, and is a virtual recognition of our rights as belligerent. From the members of the deputation and my scouts I learn that Fremont with the advance of his army is waiting at Warsaw the arrival of the remainder of his forces, which were delayed for the want of the necessary means of transportation. His exact force I am unable to ascertain, but that it is large I entertain no doubt. He moves with much caution, but his intention is undoubtedly to follow us down here. Since my last interview with you I have received the re-enforcements I expected from Lebanon, which increase my force several thousands; and in three or four days I expect General Clark with the two new batteries, which will be a valuable addition to my artillery. I would, general, respectfully suggest that you concentrate all the force you can, and with the co-operation I hope you will afford me I feel confident that, aided by the defensive nature of the country, we will meet with success.

I send this by Colonel Wood, one of my staff, who will give you all the information you require. I also send you a late Saint Louis paper, by which you will see that the Federal authorities place great reliance

