
That there are 60 regiments in and around Springfield; that they have 120 pieces of artillery, many of them rifled; that they are pressing transportation and grain, and preparing for an immediate forward movement; that Fremont has probably been recalled within the last two days, and that General Hunter has assumed command of the forces; that the regiments are quite large, and Major Ross, the officer commanding the advance, thinks that there are 48,000 or 50,000 men, and others arriving.

I have ordered Colonel McIntosh to send his train to the rear and make a scout forward, and then fall back to his trains. If you have any arms that are not in use would be glad to have them, as I have several companies mustered in and yet unarmed.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MO. STATE GUARD, Numbers 76. Camp near Casville, Mo., November 6, 1861.

The army will move to-morrow morning in the direction of Pineville. The following will be the order of march:

Second Division, General Harris.

Fifth Division, General Steen.

Sixth Division, General Parsons.

Eighth Division, General Rains.

Seventh Division, General McBride.

Fourth Division, General Slack.

Third Division, General Clark.

The hour for march, sunrise.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Price:

HENRY LITTLE,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp on Indian Creek, McDonald Co., Mo., November 7, 1861.

General A. S. JOHNSTON, Commanding Confederate Forces:

GENERAL: It is with pleasure I avail myself of another opportunity presented to communicate with you in relation to military movements in this State. In my last letter I informed you that I was slowly falling back towards the Arkansas line before a large force of the enemy, under command of Major-General Fremont. Since that time Fremont has reached Springfield and halted, apparently for the purpose of resting his army after a fatiguing march, and also to await the arrival of the remainder of his forces. From the best information I can obtain the Federal force amounts to from 35,000 to 40,000 men, with more than 100 pieces of artillery. The withdrawal of this large force from Saint Louis and the Missouri River leaves the former point almost defenseless. To an officer, general, of your age, large experience, and well-known military sagacity, the bare suggestion of this fact reveals its great importance to an army with the relations and occupying the position ours does. Is it not the day and the hour to hasten a movement on Saint Louis, the possession of which is of such vast importance to the South? The distance between Rolla and Springfield, the terminus of the South Branch of the Pacific Railroad, is 127 miles, and should you inform me that you will advance on Saint Louis,

