
the people of Arkansas alone or whether affecting only the interests of this State, still Missourians desire to reciprocate the generous aid advanced them during the past summer, and I trust our joint efforts will enable us to drive back every invader of our soil and rights. Any troops coming as above indicated to join us will bring with them such arms as they brave. I will be able to furnish some, and these arms furnished us by the people can always be turned to use.

I am, governor, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP BURNETT, November 7, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, Commanding:

GENERAL: Judge Milligan has just come into my camp, and confirms the report I sent by Major Milburn of the advance of a column from Paducah in the direction of Columbus, or rather southeasterly from Paducah.

If deem proper by you to order me to Columbus, I will cheerfully receive such order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. WICKLIFFE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Harbin, Mo., November 8, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Acting Secretary of War:

SIR: My forces are at present near the main road from Springfield to Fort Smith, the infantry and artillery in Arkansas, and three regiments of mounted men in this State. General Price has fallen back to Pineville, some 25 miles west of this, where he will await the movements of the enemy, being able from that position to co-operate with me should the enemy advance.

My scouts have been near and around Springfield for the last eight or ten days, and report the arrival of troops continually. They estimate their present strength at near 50,000, and 120 pieces of artillery. It may not be so great, but is evidently large. They speak confidently of marching into the Southern Confederacy. I have but a small force to oppose them, but hope, by resorting to the partisan mode of warfare, to make them withdraw ere they reach Fort Smith.

The Missouri force is getting weaker daily by men leaving for their homes. The time for which many of them enlisted will expire in a few days. Nothing but a battle within the next ten days will keep together over 4,000 or 5,000 out of the 13,000 they now have. This battle cannot be fought without the enemy should advance. For us to attack them in their present position would be to lose a battle. Our troops, being mostly mounted men, are unfit to attack a strong position or to be of great use in a general engagement with heavy forces.

The Missouri Army is composed of some 5,000 infantry and artillery, 8,000 horsemen, with all sorts of arms, and without discipline. This force, if possible, should be taken into the Confederate service and reorganized this winter. It is now under the control of politicians, who know not the value of discipline, and consequently can never make an

