
In the mean time the battle was raging in the thick woods and under-brush to the front and right of the position occupied by my battery, and the First Regiment Volunteers was being hardly pressed. I now received an order from General Lyon to move a section of my battery forward to the support of the First Missouri, which I did in person, coming into battery just in front of the right company of this regiment. Within 200 yards of the position occupied by this section of my battery a regiment of the enemy were in line, with a secession flag and a Federal flag displayed together. This trick of the enemy caused me for a moment some uncertainly, fearing that by some accident ap portion of our own troops might have got thus far in advance, but their fire soon satisfied me upon this head. I immediately opened upon them with canister from both pieces, in which service, I am happy to be able to say, I was ably and gallantly assisted by Captain Gordon Granger, acting adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant D. Murphy, First Missouri Volunteers.

The next step in the progress of the battle was where the enemy tried to force his way up the road passing along by their battery towards Springfield. This was an effort to turn the left of our position on the hill were my battery first came into position, and for a time the enemy seemed determined to execute his object. Four pieces of my battery were still imposition there, and Captain Du Bois' battery of four pieces on the left nearer the road. As the enemy show himself our infantry and artillery opened upon his ranks and drove him back, and they appeared no more during the day.

About this time, and just after the enemy had been effectually driven back, as last mentioned, I met General Lyon for the last time. He was wounded, he told me, in the leg, and I observed blood trickling from his head. I offered him some brandy, of which I had a small supply in my canteen, but he declined, and rode slowly to the right and front. Immediately after he passed forward General Lyon sent me an order to support the Kansas regiments on the extreme right, who were then being closely pressed by the enemy. I ordered Lieutenant Sokalski to move forward with his section immediately, which he did, and most gallantly, too, relieving and saving the Kansas regiments from being overthrown and driven back. After this the enemy tried to overwhelm us by an attack of some 800 cavalry, which, unobserved, had formed below the crest of the hills to our right and rear. Fortunately, some of our infantry companies and a few pieces of artillery from my battery were in position to meet this demonstration, and drove off their cavalry wit ease. This was the only demonstration made by their cavalry, and it was so effete and ineffectual in its force and character as to deserve only the appellation of child's play. Their cavalry is utterly worthless on the battle field.

The next and last point where the artillery of my artillery of my battery was engaged was on the right of the left wing of the Iowa regiment and somewhat in their front. The battle was then, and had been for some time, very doubtful as to its results. General Lyon was killed, and all our forces had been all day engaged, and several regiments were broken and had retired. The enemy, also sadly dispirited, were merely making a demonstration to cover their retreat from the immediate field of battle. At this time the left wing of the Iowa regiment was brought up to support our brave men still in action, while two pieces of my battery were in advance on their right. The last effort was short and decisive, the enemy leaving the field and retiring down through the valley, covered by thick underbrush, to the right of the center of the field of battle towards

