
draw a column down that way. The wise person who divined that I would fortify New Madrid sees further into the future than I do. My desires are to have no permanent quarters, but to keep 10,000 men wandering and watching for my whereabouts. I will use every effort to get shoes and blankets.

Yours, &amp;c.,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MISSOURI STATE GUARD Numbers 84. November 15, 1861.

The army will move at sunrise in the direction of Newtonia in the following order, viz:

Fifth Division, General Steen.

Eighth Division, General Rains.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Price:

W. H. BRAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., November 16, 1861.

Brigadier General M. JEFF. THOMPSON, New Madrid, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch acknowledged. Its contents carefully noticed. We are using every possible effort to prepare for the enemy. In the event of an advance on your position (which I anticipate with a certainty) you should be prepared to throw your force across the river. Four gunboats and three floating batteries from New Orleans will be up next week. I will stop one of the floating batteries opposite New Madrid, for its protection and to support your position. I deem it of the highest importance that you finish the works commenced at New Madrid. You can easily close the south front of the work by a line of stout stockading, which you can place in position. In this work your infantry and my floating battery can hold that place against any force they can spare to go against it. Keep me advised of everything occurring below. If you will hold your position I will whip the enemy here, with God's help, of which, with proper efforts, I feel sure.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier General, C. S. Army, Commanding.

NEW MADRID, MO., November 16, 1861-7 a. m.

Brigadier General GIDEON J. PILLOW, C. S. A., Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR GENERAL: I cannot agree with you on the policy of fortifying this place, for its defense, unless the works are to be made very extensive, and by a continuous breastwork or a complete system of redans and redoubts, the whole town can be encompassed. Upon a plain like this works are so easily turned or besieged, that labor is often thrown away. I will, however, commence on Monday morning to complete the redoubt you have worked upon and use it as sort of citadel; but I have

