
stimulant, and soon after my horse being killed and falling upon me prevented my again being able to reach the right of the regiment.

The enemy now made another rally, and would undoubtedly have forced us back had not the First Iowa Regiment, led on by General Lyon and Major Schofield, arrived at the critical moment, together with the battalion of the Second Regiment, led by Major Osterhaus, assisted by Lieutenant David Murphy, of our regiment, who came up at the same time, and most gallantly seconded the efforts of our now nearly exhausted men. As the fire again slackened I met General Lyon, and asked him, "Have you seen or head from our other column?" To this inquiry he shook his head. I now noticed he appeared to be suffering, and found he had just received a shot in his leg.

The firing had now ceased for so long a time I concluded the engagement over, and going to Du Bois' battery, was met by our surgeon and by him sent to the rear, but had hardly got out of his hands when the enemy made another and last rally, and for a few moments the fire was terrible, but they were again repulsed. After a time our infantry were seen approaching, and at a few minutes past 11 o'clock a. m., being six hours after I heard the first shot, I saw them in three columns emerge from the timber into the small cleared space between myself and our recent line of battle.

Never have I found it so difficult to do justice to all, and in a position where every man so well performed his part it is almost impossible to single out individuals. That every officer did his duty no better evidence can be adduced than the fact that 13 out of 27 officers who went into the action bore away with them the marks of the enemy's shot. That the men did their duty I have but to refer you to our mortality report, forwarded some days since.

With every desire to be strictly impartial, I cannot close this report without expressing our obligations to Captain Totten and Lieutenant Du Bois, who by their masterly co-operation so effectually assisted the regiment to maintain its position.

Captain Madison Miller, commanding Company I, who, by his coolness and deliberate observation, discovered at the critical moment a large body of cavalry preparing to charge us in rear, and who, by his well directed fire, assisted by a few shells from captain Totten's battery, rapidly dispersed them. Captain John S. Cavender, who, though severely wounded, still refusing hot leave his post, mounted his horse, and remained there until exhausted nature could do no more. Lieutenant David Murphy, although shot through the leg, I saw advancing at the head of the battalion, brought to our aid, with a spirit and courage that defied his wounds. Surg. F. M. Vornyn, who, while carrying aid and comfort wherever they were required, utterly regardless of personal danger, forgot not, when human aid was of no avail, to seize the musket of the dying man, and with unerring aim avenging his death. Lieutenant and Adjt. Henry Hescock, who, from the organization of the regiment, has been of invaluable service in rendering in efficient, and in action was always found where his services were most valuable.

Among the men I must be allowed to call attention to Corporal Kane, of Company K, who, when the color sergeant was killed and nearly all the color guard either killed or wounded, brought the colors safely off the field; also Sergt, Chas. M. Callahan, of same company, who so ably filled the place of his lieutenant, and materially assisted Captain Burke when his only subaltern was disabled; Sergt. Christ. Conrad, of company G, whose assistance was indispensable to Lieutenant Sheldon

