
strong column of infantry was advancing upon it. Totten mowed them down with canister in front, and our infantry poured a murderous fire into their flanks, which compelled them to a hasty retreat.

The enemy had failed in all his endeavors to dislodge us from our position, which I conceived to be the strategic point of the battle-field, and was determined to hold it at all hazards.

Another short suspension of hostels ensued. After a consultation with the officers, Major Sturgis sent me orders to retire. Just at that time Captain Granger came up to me, and we discovered that the enemy were about to renew the attack upon us. Captain Granger rushed to the rear and collected several hundred volunteers of different regiments, while we held the enemy in check, and formed them on our left. We then advanced upon the enemy, and drove them off the field, and never saw one of them afterwards. After collecting our wounded we retired slowly from the field. I commanded the rear guard on the retreat towards Springfield, but saw nothing of the enemy; it was evident that he had been severely punished.

I wish to call the attention of the major commanding to the gallant conduct of Captain C. C. Gilbert, First Infantry; of First Lieutenant Lothrop, Fourth Artillery, and of George H. McLaughlin, first sergeant, commanding Company E, Second Infantry. Sergeant McLaughlin received the highest commendations of all present. I also mention the first sergeant of Captain Gilbert's company - Mandazy - who was killed in the last assault of the enemy; also First Sergeant Griffin, commanding Company B, Second Infantry, and Lance Sergeant Morine, commanding the company of Mounted Rifle recruits, each of whom behaved with distinguished gallantry. Sergeant Morine was mortally wounded and died on the field. During the critical state of the combat, I conferred with captain Gilbert, whose intelligence and soldierly qualities are well known, and whose self-possession during the battle was calculated to inspire the men with confidence. In the latter part of the contest he received a wound in the shoulder, which compelled him to retire from the field. I furnish herewith a list of the killed, wounded, and missing of my command during the day.*

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Captain, Second Infantry, Commanding Battalion.

Captain G. GRANGER,

R. M. R., A. A. G., Hdqrs. Army of the West, near Rolla, Mo.

Numbers 9. Report of Second Lieutenant John V. Du Bois, U. S. Mounted Rifles, commanding Light Artillery Battery.

CAMP NEAR ROLLA, MO., August 17, 1861.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that after the pickets of the enemy were driven, in the morning of the 10th instant, I followed Captain Steele's battalion into camp. Having no position assigned me, I selected one directly opposite to and about 400 yards from the advanced batteries of the enemy. My position was such that my men

---------------

* See return of casualties on p. 72.

---------------

