
sustained our retreat with great coolness and determination under a most terrific discharge from the enemy's infantry. After the wounded were gathered up our column formed in order of march, and, the enemy repulsed, the battery and infantry retired in good order.

Thus closed one of the most hotly-contested engagements known to the country, commencing 5.20 o'clock a. m. concluding 12.20 o'clock p. m., in which the enemy brought to the field 14,000 well-armed and will-disciplined troops and 10,000 irregular troops and our own force amounted to about 5,000 troops in the early part of the engagement, and considerably less than 4,000 troops for the concluding four hours of it.

It is with great pleasure that I acknowledge valuable aid and assistance from Major A. B. Porter, Adjt, George W. Waldron, who was wounded in the leg, and Sergt. Major Charles Compton, and to express my unbounded admiration of the heroic conduct displayed by both officers and me. No troops, regular or volunteer, ever sustained their country's flag with more determined valor and fortitude. They have crowned themselves with imperishable honor, and must occupy a conspicuous place in the history of their country.

A list of the killed, wounded, and missing will be found attacked to this report,* together with such notices of individual prowess are were observed on the field.

Before concluding this report I must bear testimony to the gallant and meritorious conduct of Captain A. L. Mason, of Company C, who fell in a charge at the head of his company.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. MERRITT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

J. M. SCHOFIELD, Acting Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11. Report of Major John A. Halderman, First Kansas Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT KANSAS VOLUNTEERS,Camp Rolla, August 19, 1861.

SIR: The regiment commander has the honor to report, that after a fatiguing night march of 12 miles, the First Kansas came upon the battle-field near Springfield, Mo., on the morning of August 10, in rear of the First Missouri and Iowa Regiments, the former, with a battalion of regular infantry, having been deployed as skirmishers. Very soon the enemy's outposts were driven in, and Totten's battery took position and opened fire, while the First Missouri was closed up in line on the right and in front, where they engaged the enemy and maintained position for some moments under a heavy fire.

At this time, under from General Lyon, the First Kansas moved to the front in double-quick, while the right wing and one company from the left, under command, respectively, of Captains Chenoweth, Walker, Swift, Zesch, McFarland, and Lieutenant McGonigle, all under Colonel Deitzler, advanced to a position beyond that occupied by the First Missouri, and here, forming in the very face of the enemy, engaged a rebel force four times their number, and held their ground steadfastly under an uninterrupted and murderous fire of artillery and infantry.

The four remaining companies of Captains Clayton, Roberts, Stockton,

---------------

* See return of casualties on p. 72.

---------------

