
men with me tried to prevail upon some of the Germans to assist us in clearing some of the wounded horses from the hardness, but they would not stop. After considerable trouble, my small party succeeded in clearing the wounded horses from the hardness, hitching in two more and a pair of small mules I obtained, and moving on, Corporal Lewis and Private John Smith driving, while Sergeant Bradburn and I led the horses. After reaching the retreating troops again I put two other men on the animals, and joined my company with my three men.

Before reaching Springfield it became necessary to abandon the caisson in order to hitch the animals to the piece. This was done after destroying the ammunition it contained. Lieutenants Morris, adjutant of Colonel Sigel's command, assisted me in procuring wagons, which we sent back on the road after the wounded.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. E. FARRAND,

Second Lieutenant, First Infantry, Commanding Co. C, Second Dragoons.

Captain GORDON GRANGER,

Regiment Mounted Rifles, A. A. A. G., Army of the West.

Numbers 16. Congratulatory Orders from General Fremont.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. WESTERN DEPARTMENT, Numbers 4. Saint Louis, Mo., August 25, 1861.

I. The official reports of the commanding officers of the forces engaged in the battle near Springfield, Mo., having been received, the major-general commanding announces to the troops embraced in his command, with pride and the highest commendation, the extraordinary services to their flag he now public desires to express to the officers and soldiers his cordial thanks, and commends their conduct as an example to their comrades wherever engaged against the names of the Union.

Opposed by overwhelming masses of the enemy in numerical superiority of upwards of 20,000 against 4,300, or nearly five to one, the successes of our troops were nevertheless sufficiently marked to give to their exploits the moral effect of a victory.

II. The general commanding laments, in sympathy with the country, the loss of the indomitable General Nathaniel Lyon. His fame cannot be better eulogized than in these words from the official report of his gallant successor, Major Sturgis, U. S. cavalry: "Thus gallantly fell as true a soldier as ever drew a sword; a man whose honesty of purpose was proverbial; a noble patriot, and one who held his life as nothing where his country demanded it of him." Let all emulate his prowess and undying devotion to his duty.

III. The regiments and corps engaged in this battle will be permitted to have "Springfield" emblazoned on their colors, as a distinguishing memorial of their services to the nation.

IV. The names of the officers and soldiers mentioned in the official reports as most distinguished for important services and marked gallantry

