
From dispatches through other quarters it is necessary we have communication with you; if we cannot, we will take care of ourselves. Acknowledge receipt as soon as it is received. It is important.

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, Jun 11, 1864-10. 15 p. m.

Brigadier General H. B. CARRINGTON,

Louisville, Ky.:

I have no reliable news from Frankfort. The cannonading was heard here last night and this morning, supposed to be at Frankfort. Courier just in left General Burbridge at Paris at 7 p. m. The general says if troops are sent to Lexington from Louisville, protect Camp Nelson at all hazards, also that Frankfort should be protected if not already taken. We have very small force here or at Camp Nelson. If you have the troops I think they are needed in this vicinity.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CINCINNATI, Jun 11, 1864.

(Received 9. 30 a. m.)

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Burbridge appears this morning to be driving Morgan successfully, though he keeps too much in rear to promise capture. There does not appear to be much danger to Sherman's communications or approach to the river. Infantry is of little account except to guard important points. You must change policy in Kentucky. Rebel sympathizers in the State encourage and aid these raids to injure Union citizens. Those parties should be subjected to prompt assessments to cover damages. Nothing put a vigorous application of Maryland policy will save Kentucky, and the longer that is delayed the more dangerous Kentucky becomes. The gun-boat idea is a good one, but light-draft boats must be used in view of low summer water. If the Navy Department cannot furnish them, I think men can be found here to fit out and organize a fleet. My movements for a few days are uncertain. Communications sent to Columbus will be promptly forwarded to me. Will write you.

JNO. BROUGH,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT, Columbus, Ohio, June 11, 1864-2. 10 p. m.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Spencer House, Cincinnati, Ohio:

General Carrington telegraphs from Louisville at 1 p. m.: Messenger arrived from Frankfort; all bridges burned this side of Kentucky River; rebels left Lexington for Paris. Carrington is of the opinion they will cross westward, cutting Sherman's line. Great indifference

