
LEXINGTON, KY., June 12, 1864-10 p. m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the Ohio, Acworth, Ga.:

General Burbridge telegraphs from Cynthiana: We attacked Morgan at this place this morning and gained a complete victory.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 12, 1864-11. 40 a. m.

Captain G. H. LAIRD,

Falmouth, Ky., via Louisville:

General Burbridge expects to strike Morgan at or near Cynthiana this morning. I have telegraphed General Heitzelman to send re- enforcements from Covington. The six guns and 300 men at Falmouth better await the arrival of more troops before pushing on. Send out scouts; ascertain if Burbridge is fighting; if so, do all you can to have a force pushed against Morgan's rear at once.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 12, 1864.

Brigadier General S. S. FRY,

Camp Nelson, Ky.:

Courier just from General Burbridge. The general left Paris at 10 p. m., and expected to attack rebels at Cynthiana at daybreak. Please obtain information by scouts for me where a force of ours, ordered to vacate Irvine come here, via Richmond, is. It should have been at Richmond yesterday afternoon. I heard from Richmond yesterday forenoon; all quiet there; our troops not seen. Colonel Weatherford is at Lebanon with Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry. His orders are to hold Lebanon and keep a lookout toward Danville and Bardstown. My information from Louisville is that ample re- enforcements will be furnished. I shall try to get some to you as soon as possible. In the mean time please keep your scouts well out, and send me any information of importance.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NELSON, June 12, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON:

Everything is quiet here. No enemy anywhere near, that we can hear of. Scouts are sent out every day. Will send out and ascertain where Colonel Johnson is; supposed he would have been here before this.

S. S. FRY,

Brigadier-General.

