
NICHOLASVILLE, June 13, 1864-7. 20 a. m.

General S. S. FRY:

Mr. M. C. Smith, a man here who lives three miles and a half from town on the Spear's road, reports seeing at 3 o'clock this morning about 300 rebels pass near his house; says they turned off rom the Spears; road a short distance from his house, on to a dirt road that would lead them to Butler's, on Camp Nelson pike. Citizens in from Sulphur Well report there being 150 rebels at the well.

J. S. LYLE,

Operator.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 13, 1864.

Colonel J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Lebanon and Danville Road:

Rebels turned south this side the river; crossed the pike between Camp Nelson and Nicholasville, and are making for mouth of Paint Lick. Have not heard of Jack Allen's force this morning. The force that crossed Nicholasville pike is variously estimated from 3-- to 1,000, badly demoralized. General Fry's cavalry is capturing some prisoners. I have sent a force from here on Tate's Creek road.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEBANON, June 13, 1864-10 a. m.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON:

I am just leaving with 300 men toward Danville. I will tap the line ten miles from here, where the Perryville road turns off. Give me any information you can there of movements of the enemy.

J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Colonel Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT, Cincinnati, June 13, 1864-6. 15 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.:

The officers and men of the One hundred and seventy-first and One hundred and sixty-eight Ohio National Gaurd, who were captured on the 11th of June at and near Cynthiana, Ky., have arrived in this city, and I have sent them to Camp Dennison. They have been paroled, but so far as I can learn, in an unauthorized manner. So soon as I can get a report it will be forwarded. General Hobson and the field officers are at Falmouth, Ky., on some conditional parole, the terms of which I have not learned. The latest information from General Burbridge is to about noon yesterday, when he was in close pursuit of Morgan, first going north and the east. A portion of the troops of this department are still in Kentucky, occupying the fled-works in front of Covington and the railroad to Falmouth, and cannot now be withdrawn. I will return to-night to Columbus.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

8 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT II

