
General Burbridge has already received General Sherman's high commendations for his success and energy. He has ordered the seizure of fresh horses at any cost and the utter extermination of Morgan and all guerrillas in Kentucky. *

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

LEXINGTON, June 14, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Your dispatch in regard to ex-Colonel Wolford was received during my absence in pursuit of Morgan, and will be attended to immediately. In six days my command has marched over 200 miles, fought two severe battles, killing, wounding, and capturing over three-fourths of Morgan's command. The remaining fourth is scattered and being pursued in all directions.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Big Shanty, Ga., June 14, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE,Lexington, Ky.:

Your dispatch is received and is very satisfactory. Go on, raise the hue and cry, and don't mind the cost of money or horseflesh to hunt down every robber and guerrilla in your State. Make a clean job of it, and Morgan and all other such men will let Kentucky alone in all time to come. Seize fresh horses wherever they can be had, and leave the tired ones, giving a certificate for after settlement.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JUNE 14, 1864. - For congratulatory dispatches to Burbridge, from President Lincoln, Secretary Stanton, and General Schofield, see Part I, p. 27.]

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General WHIPPLE,

Near Atlanta:

The following dispatch contains all the information I have; was received last night from General Carrington at Louisville:

Communications with Frankfort opened. Governor Bramlette says a part of Morgan's command crossed the Lexington and Frankfort Railroad, moving south. Morgan was whipped by Burbridge, losing nearly half his force. He cannot have with him over 2,000 men. He may attempt to force your line at some point. On Friday he had scouts at Lebanon, looking to contingencies of escape in that direction.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

---------------

*This dispatch in reply to Stanton of June 13, transmitting copy of Burbridge to Halleck (received 11. 53 p. m.), Part I, p. 20.

---------------

