HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Kentucky, June 14, 1864.

Colonel C. S. HANSON,Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that your force swing around in the direction of WEST Liberty; that you spare neither men, money, nor horses in capturing rebels. Separate your command, if necessary, and pursue small squads with equal numbers. Take fresh horses wherever found, when necessary, and live on the country. Spare no efforts to prevent a rebel leaving the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 14, 1864.

Captain ALLEN,

Assistant Quartermaster, Catlettsburg, Ky.:

Send the following to Colonel Truce, at Louisa, at once:

Send all your mounted force to Grayson to intercept any rebel retreating in that direction. Scout in all directions from Grayson, and capture all the prisoners you can. Be careful to have Louisa secure. In two battles at Mount Sterling and Cynthiana the rebel forces have been completely routed and dispersed.

By order of Brigadier-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 14, 1864.

Colonel J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Stanford, Ky.:

The general commanding directs that you make such disposition of your command as you may deem best to insure assistance to Colonel Eve, at Camp Burnside, should be threatened, and to pick up as many of Morgan's men as possible. Act on your discretion and report operations here. The rebels are only anxious to get to a place of safety.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

STANFORD, June 14, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have one company following rebels toward Somerset, picking up some. Killed two this morning. Sending one company to Crag Orchard. Have ordered some from Lebanon to Green River bridge toward Cumberland River and Greensburg. Will keep moving forward as long as there is say to be found.

J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Colonel Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry.

