HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, Ill., May 3, 1864-9 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Chattanooga:

General Prince, district commander, is at Columbus. General Gresham is at Clifton with 3,000 men. General Force has a small DIVISION going on board boats. General Blair is here but not formally assumed command. I will communicate your orders.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., May 3, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of a letter which I this morning received from General Hurlbut. He claims that I am to do nothing except under his direction.

Without waiting for or consulting him I put a force into the field four days ago which will whip Forrest if they can make him stand long enough, and at all events, will worry him so that you need apprehend nothing from him.

General Hurlbut orders me to send no telegram to my superiors without passing first through him. If I was sure they would pass through his hands when sober, I should not so much object; as it is, you need not look to hear from me often through that channel, and if he is to direct my movements in any way, in this district, you will of course not expect much from me. I send you General Grierson's explanation of the falling off of the cavalry.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Cairo, Ill., April 30, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of Memphis:

GENERAL: I expected before this to have received reports from you, but I am informed by Colonel Harris that you had not received General McPherson's orders. I am instructed by Major-General McPherson to exercise general supervision of all movements against Forrest. Hence it was of prime necessity that I should hear from you. I am in the dark as to your movements and plans, except as I hear of them through THIRD persons. In stopping the Fourth Iowa Cavalry you have exceeded your authority, and probably crippled General Slocum. Nothing but the most extreme necessity will justify this course. So I am informed you have sent for the cavalry from Vicksburg. This, unless you have private orders authorizing such jurisdiction, is an usurpation, and that too upon an officer very much your senior. Every effort is being made to send down to you the troops of your command and the returning veterans of Mower's DIVISION. I shall continue to urge the horses and material forward as fast as fast as can be done, so that the cavalry, now disorganized,

