
officer report his arrival at Stanford to these headquarters by telegraph. The object is to intercept and capture as many rebels as possible. The command should be provided with rations, ammunition, and forage - as much as can be carried without wagons.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKFORT, KY., June 15, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE:

Squads have for the last two days been crossing a few miles below and above this place, making in direction of Spencer and Shelby Counties; will evidently concentrate and make a raid upon the Louisville and Nashville Railroad. I think this cavalry should be employed in that direction. Two prisoners brought in on train, captured near Midway.

T. E. BRAMLETTE,

Governor of Kentucky.

STANFORD, June 15, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE:

Myself and company met the rebels, FIFTY in number, at Paint Lick, killed 2, captured 3, driving and dispersing the rest to this vicinity. Now that the enemy is scattered in small squads, some citizens of this town, who were called upon and absolutely refused to join our men and aid in fighting Morgan and his men collectively, shouldered their muskets for the purpose of going in quest of plunder, such as horses, saddles, &amp;c. Will it be permitted? My men's horses are entirely worn out from constant service. Is it not proper and just that I be allowed to demand and mont my men on the horses so captured? Please answer.

J. H. BRIDGEWATER,

Captain, Commanding Scouts.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 15, 1864.

Captain J. H. BRIDGEWATER,

Stanford, Ky.:

The general commanding directs that you procure fresh horses, leaving your own with the parties from whom you take them, and giving memorandum receipts, and that you pursue the rebels as long as you can learn of any of them.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 15, 1864.

Lieutenant T. J. HARDIN,

Midway, Ky.:

FIFTY men here will reach you in hour, mounted. Send them after the rebels. Another force will cut the rebels off in front, at Versailles. Press forward; spare nothing.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

