
LOUISVILLE, June 15, 1864.

(Received 12 m.)

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

The wires east of Eminence are destroyed. Captain George M. Jessee, of Morgan's command, reached his home, and on Sunday called a meeting in Trimble County and raised 200 men. He was at New Castle last night at sundown, when college commencement was held, and secured

---- for part of his new companies. General Ewing having returned to his headquarters at Munfordville, I started 150 good men for New Castle. Small detachments of rebels are stealing and committing violence in all directions. I shall remain until I have tidings of the arrival of the troops at New Castle, when I will write fully.

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General.

IN THE FIELD, June 15, 1864-6. 30 p. m.

(Received 12 p. m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Washington, D. C.:

I will have the matter of Sturgis critically examined, and, if he be at fault, he shall have no mercy at my hands. I cannot but believe he had troops enough. I know I would have been willing to attempt the same task with that force; but Forrest is the very devil, and I think he has got some of our troops under cower. I have two officers at Memphis that will fight all the time - A. J. Smith and Mower. The latter is a young brigadier of fine promise, and I commend him to your notice. I will order them to make up a force and go out and follow Forrest to the death, if it cost 10,000 lives and breaks the Treasury. There never will be peace in Tennessee till Forrest is dead. We killed Bishop Polk yesterday, and have made good progress to-day, of which I will make a full report as soon as of my aides comes from the extreme right flank. General Grant may rest easy that Joe Johnston will not trouble him, if I can help it by labor or thought.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, June 15, 1864.

(Received 21st.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: The affair of General Sturgis does not turn out to be as bad as he reported it, though bad enough. Thirty-six hours after he got in 1,600 infantry came in by themselves.

The loss in men will be from 1,500 to 2,000. I shall repair damages as rapidly as possible. It is generally agreed that the force attacking Sturgis was large. This same force in twenty-four hours can be run into Mobile, and if General A. J. Smith with 6,000 to 10,000 men should be sent there, as Major General W. T. Sherman contemplated, he would be certain to meet the same force that whipped Sturgis at Mobile. I have telegraphed particulars to General Sherman. In two days I will have General Smith's troops clothed and paid off, and will have them ready for anything.

