
If, as is alleged, there are 15,000 to 20,000 men on the Mobile and Ohio road, 12,000 of whom are mounted men, it is an object to hold them there. Our railroad runs out about twenty-eight miles. I can make a demonstration to the end of the road with 10,000 men, and have the cavalry push on some distance beyond and if thereby the large force of Forrest can be detained from Major-General Sherman, a point will be gained. The infantry being at the end of the railroad can be moved at a moment's notice to Memphis and shipped in any direction.

I have issued orders and am making a show as though I was again sending out to attack the enemy.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., June 15, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,Commanding Right Wing, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: You will send out in the morning on the cars, 2,000 infantry from your command with three days' rations. The rest of your command will not move to-morrow. The troops will take forty rounds of ammunition in cartridge-boxes, and blankets and shelter- tents or ponchos, with necessary cooking utensil. It will be so arranged that they be promptly said off when the paymasters come. The rest of your command will move on the morning of the 17th at 6 o'clock. The officer who goes in command will report at these headquarters for instructions.

By order of Major-General Washburn:

W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Sent June 15, 1864, orders to Brigadier General A. J. Mower to send five regiments to Memphis and Charleston depot at 6 o'clock June 16, 1864.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, No. 11. Memphis, Tenn., June 15, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

III. Colonel Gilbert, commanding Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, will have the command in readiness to take the field at 2 p. m. to-morrow, June 16, 1864. The command will take three days' rations in haversacks and forty rounds of ammunition per man. Two wagons will be allowed to each regiment. All surplus baggage the convalescents of the command.

By order of Colonel David Moore:

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

