
LOUISVILLE, KY., June 16, 1864.

Colonel J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry, Lebanon, Ky.:

Three hundred rebels passed from Owen toward Shelby last night. They will try to go out, via Shelbyville or Lawrenceburg.

THOS. B. FAIRLEIGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-sixth Kentucky Vet. Vols., Commanding

BIG SHANTY, GA., June 16, 1864.

(Received 11. 20 a. m. 17th.)

Hon. EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have made the necessary orders through General McPherson to inquire well into the Sturgis matter; also to send as large a force again as he can to get en Forrest's trail, and harass him and the country through which he passes. We must destroy him if possible. Johnston is getting militia from the extreme south to man his extensive lines at Marietta and Atlanta, as well as long the Chattahoochee, which give him his three corps for maneuvers, and a large force of cavalry, which he designs to use against our communications. It is important that the Gulf fleet, with a small land force, threaten Mobile and the country about Saint Mark's and the mouth of the Appalachicola. Could not be Secretary of the Navy order this, and Canby spare a small force (one brigade) for this purpose?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Big Shanty, Ga., June 16, 1864.

Major-General McPHERSON,Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Please direct General Washburn, or one of your inspectors-general, to make close inquiries into the history of the defeat by Forrest of the command of General Sturgis, and especially whether, it, in any measure, resulted from General Sturgis being in liquor. I cannot believe this tho have been the case, but it has been suggested, and the quicker the truth is made manifest the better for the service and the country. If there should be any truth in the suspicion, then the remedy must be applied of trial and punishment. We will not attempt the Mobile trip now, but I wish you to organize as large a force as possible at Memphis, with General A. J. Smith or Mower in command, to pursue Forrest on foot, devastating the land over which he has passed or may pass, and make him and the people of Tennessee and MISSISSIPPI realize that, although a bold, daring, and successful leader, he will bring ruin and misery on any country where he may pause or tarry. If we do not punish Forrest and the people now, the whole effect of our past conquests will be lost.

I am, &amp;c.,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

