HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Big Shanty, Ga., June 16, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,Commanding District of WEST Tennessee, Memphis:

I desire you to make close inquiry into the defeat by Forrest of the command of General Sturgis, and especially whether it, in any manner, resulted from General Sturgis being in liquor. I cannot believe this to have been the case, but it has been suggested, and the quicker the truth is made manifest the better for the service and the country. The Mobile expedition will have to be abandoned for the present at least. I wish you to organize as large a force as possible at Memphis, with Major General A. J. Smith or Mower in command, to pursue Forrest and punish him. This force should be large enough to deal with [him] handsomely, and will be composed of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, mainly of infantry, and should be got ready and started with all possible dispatch. Forrest should be followed until brought to bay somewhere and then whipped.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

(Sent to Cairo, Ill., by telegraph to Commanding Officer Post, with directions to forward by special messenger.)
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Big Shanty, June 16, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,Memphis, Tenn.:

The Atlanta papers of the 13th report that Forrest with two brigades of cavalry whipped the Yankees near Baldwyn. Roddey was not there nor was any infantry, except some of Gholson's militia that took no part in the fight. It is all nonsense about Sturgis being attacked by 15,000 or 20,000. He was whipped by a force inferior to his own. Let the matter be critically investigated. *

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, June 16, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your received. I had already ordered General Smith with other troops out, and shall endeavor to hold Forrest or whip him. I cannot learn that he moved in force this side of Ripley.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 16, 1864.

(Received 26th.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN, Commanding, Memphis:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding this military DIVISION to write to you to impress upon you the necessity of displaying great and constant activity on the part of the forces under your command, so as to detain in your vicinity as large a part of the enemy's

---------------

*For proceedings of the Board of Investigation, see Part I, p. 147.

---------------

