
force as possible, and to destroy as much as you can of the growing corps. In this you need not consider it necessary to aim at any specific purpose or objective points, the object being the general one - of diverting the enemy's attention so fa as possible from the operations in Georgia. The importance of this is so obvious that I need only to express to you the wishes of the major-general commanding and commend the matter to your earnest attention.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

(Received by General Washburn at Memphis, June 26, and a copy of it was transmitted to Major General A. J. Smith, at Moscow, Tenn., on the same day.)

NEW ORLEANS, June 16, 1864-5 p. m.

(Received 26th.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

Five thousand infantry will be held in readiness for immediate movement by the river, and all the available cavalry for a rapid movement into the interior of the State. The movement will be in concert with other movements, and the time and object of the movement will be indicated by instructions from these headquarters.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, No. 39. New Orleans, La., June 16, 1864.

1. Major General J. J. Reynolds, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the forces now being assembled at Morganza, La. All officers of the supply departments at Natchez and Vicksburg, Miss., and Memphis, Tenn., will obey any orders given by him and furnish promptly any supplies or materials that may be called for by his direction.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., June 16, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: I have just received the inclosed dispatch from General Sherman. * I have already sent out troops, and shall make as strong a demonstration as possible, and mean either to hold Forrest or whip him. The country is a desert between here and where he is. The railroad is in order a for twenty-eight miles. I am repairing it beyond, and mean to have it running for sixty miles in four or five days.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See June 13, p. 115.

---------------

