
furnished New Albany Ledger with the information that General Sturgis and Grierson, with a force near 8,000 strong, including 2,000 cavalry, met Forrest near Guntown, with a force estimated at 12,000 to 15,000, with large proportion of artillery and cavalry, when our forces were completely routed, with loss of not less than 5,000 men and trains. This news is corroborated by one of my scouts, who came in yesterday at Decatur. Roddey was withdrawn from near Decatur to re-enforce Forrest, but now that the latter has been successful Roddey can be spared, and, with a force which is estimated at near 4,000 will likely attack the railroads north of the Tennessee. All the troops of the Army of the Tennessee have been relieved, but General Granger and I both think the brigade at Decatur should remain for the present. General Granger says Roddey's force proper is between 2,000 and 3,000, and that united with some independent battalions will reach 4,000.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

FORT DONELSON, TENN., June 17, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville, Tenn.:

Steamer Mattie Cabler just arrived riddled. One man killed. Reports from 150 to 200 rebels crossing the Cumberland from this side, at Canton.

E. C. BROTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

FRANKFORT, June 17, 1864.

General S. G. BURBRIDGE:

Two hundred of Pennsylvania cavalry were started early this morning to intercept Major Jenkins and 200 rebels that cut the road at Smithfield this morning. Not expected back for three or four days. Had instructions where to pursue and break them up. Over 300 in Shelby, Spencer, and Nelson, in bands, as they could escape. I have sent your telegram to Colonel Jordan.

THOS. E. BRAMLETTE,

Governor of Kentucky.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Kentucky, June 17, 1864.

Colonel I. GARRARD,Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Nicholasville, Ky.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to express to you, and through you to the brave officers and soldiers of your command, his sincere thanks for the prompt and valuable assistance rendered him in the recent operations against the rebel forces. He also desires that you furnish him, at your earliest convenience, with an official report of the part taken by your command. Inclosed please find copies of General Orders, Nos. 46* and 47+ these headquarters. The general commanding desires that you enforce strictly in your command the provisions

---------------

*See Part I, p. 27.

+Directs all property captured during recent operations to be turned over to the district quartermaster.

---------------

