
out of WEST Tennessee, southward. Tansil has 200 men, and is ordered with them to Columbus, Miss. He thinks that Tansil talked truthfully to him. There is no appearance of any force of consequence that I can see. Colonel Hick sent a telegram to me this morning stating that the enemy was there attacking his pickets, since which I have not heard from him. I answered for him to try and catch him. It is possible that some 200 or 300 of them are in WEST Kentucky. The two officers we lost have returned, having escaped while either guard was asleep. The mounted men I sent out after them back and south of Hickman got within a mile of them. On this intelligence reaching their little camp they were moved into dense woods. The officers deny the current report of the manner of their capture, and say they were studying the ground for placing the pickets when intercepted. Several delegations have reached me from Hickman. The Union people, or quite a number of them, have strong apprehensions, and at their request I have kept a force there picketing the town, and have got a gun-boat to lay there. This force is to remain the week out to cover the removal of those

who desire to leave with their effects. The pickets allow no cotton or tobacco to come into Hickman, and I shall give permits for all original and constant loyal owners of the cotton already in to take it away, as it is quite probable that it would be burnt if left there, on account of the inhabitants having fired on the guerrillas. After such produce is removed from there it is not likely that any but rebel produce will be hauled in there, and Tennessee produce at that, and I shall give no permits for trade at that point, unless instructed to do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT FIRST DIVISION, 16TH ARMY CORPS, June 17, 1864.

Major MORGAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Small parties of the enemy are known to be scouting in this neighborhood picking up straggles from the late expedition. I believe there is no considerable force in La Grange or on this side. Our cavalry are now out; are expected in soon, and will bring more definite information. A citizen from La Grange reports that a squad passed there yesterday with 20 colored and 1 white prisoner, and reported that all parties had orders to report at Tupelo, Miss.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,J. J. WOODS,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT FIRST DIVISION, June 17, 1864-4. 50 p. m.

Major MORGAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Our cavalry just in; report that according to the most reliable information there are about 400 rebels ten miles south of this, and that Chalmers, with about 500, crossed the Tallahatchie on his way south a few days ago. No other considerable force heard from.

Respectfully, &c.,

J. J. WOODS,

Colonel, Commanding.

9 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT II

