
may be filled up for the campaign. I would advise you not to put too much confidence in the cavalry at present about Memphis. From the breaking up of regimental organizations, the Smith retreat, and the carelessness of officers, they are far from being in a good condition for an active campaign. As soon as the veterans return I wish the best regiments supplied with the Spencer carbine, which has been promised and I suppose will be there. You will send me, as soon as you possibly can, a detailed statement of your acts since taking command, and your plans for action; also your present effective force of all arms. Advise me constantly, day by day, of movements and of what you learn from scouts, and hereafter send no telegrams direct to my superior officers. Send your information here and I will have it telegraphed, if advisable to be done. I shall be pleased to give you at all times every assistance practicable, and will sustain you frankly in all energetic measures for the public good. Do not move against Forrest at any distance from Memphis without sufficient force to beat him if you bring him to action. Of the amount of that force I will not assume to determine, as my opinion, in that question, has been called in question. If you do go, or have gone when this reaches Memphis, the officer whom you leave in charge must look with special care to south approaches to Fort Pickering.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 2.] HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., May 2, 1864.

Major W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: In obedience to the request of the major-general commanding, I beg leave to submit the following for the information of Major General W. T. Sherman:

The number of horses and mules captured during the expedition under Brigadier General W. Sooy Smith, and which were reported by the several regimental and brigade quartermasters to my DIVISION quartermaster, instead of being 4,000 amounts to less than 1,000. A large proportion of the animals captured upon that expedition were mules. These were all ordered to be sifted out of the command and turned over upon the return of the expedition.

The THIRD Brigade, composed of the Second, THIRD, and Fourth Tennessee, and Fifth Kentucky Cavalry and Seventy-second Indiana Mounted Infantry and the Fourth United States Cavalry, which were brought from Nashville by General Smith, was, immediately upon the return of the expedition, ordered back to Nashville, thus taking about 2,500 animals from this command. Besides these the battalion of the Second Illinois and the First Alabama Cavalry, in all over 500 horses, have been ordered away from my command, and the Seventh Tennessee, with over 200 horses, which were included in my reports, were captured at Union City. The horses of the THIRD, Sixth, and Seventh Illinois Cavalry were, by order of Major-General Hurlbut, appraised, and such as were selected by the board were purchased by the Government. The balance, unserviceable, were allowed to be disposed of to private parties, thus relieving the command of about 1,000 horses, which were reported with the number of animals and taken upon General Smith's expedition.

