
LEXINGTON, KY., June 20, 1864.

Colonel J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Lebanon, Ky.:

You will move at once will all of your command you have in hand in

pursuit of the rebel force which was in Bardstown yesterday. The Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry have been ordered to scout through Nelson and Shelby Counties. If you get on the track of the rebels pursue rapidly, taking fresh horses and leaving your own to be exchanged on your return.

By order of Brigadier-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMPHIS, June 20, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Sherman to send out General A. J. Smith, with such forces as I can give him, and bring Forrest to bay, and whip him if possible. I am repairing the railroad and sending forward troops constantly, and shall be able to give him about 3,000 cavalry and 9,000 infantry. It will be a number of days before the expedition will leave the railroad terminus. Forrest is well posted before this time that an expedition is fitting out here, and I am well satisfied that he was with him nearly all the force this side of Grenada. While Smith is threatening Forrest Mobile must be nearly undefended, and when Smith moves it will be to draw Forrest and his force as well up toward Corinth as possible. He will then detach a swift column of cavalry to cut up the railroad below him as far down as Wilson's Point, if possible, thus preventing re-enforcements or supplies from coming up, or troops from being thrown into Mobile. You will pardon me for suggesting that while Smith is engaging the enemy here it would be a golden hour for attacking Mobile. I believe that 10,000 men moved from New Orleans quietly and quickly in ten days from now, and landed at Pascagoula, would march to Mobile and capture it without serious opposition. I inclose report* of Confederate deserter who came in yesterday.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, Big Shanty, Ga., June 21, 1864.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I inclose you herewith copy of a letter+ this day addressed to General Burbridge, who commands the District of Kentucky, an I have furnished a copy to all department commanders subject to my orders. I doubt whether the President will sustain me, but if he don't interfere is all I ask. I can get the malcontents on board ships at sea without traveling outside of my authority, but then the jurisdiction becomes doubtful. We will never have peace as long as we tolerate

---------------

*Not found.

+See Sherman to Burbridge, June 21, p. 135.

---------------

