
Tenn., son-in-law of Governor Andrew Johnson, was one of the Board of Visitors appointed by the President to attend the recent examination of cadets at WEST Point. Judge Patterson was, at the time of the nominal secession of the State of Tennessee, judge of circuit court of first judicial district of East Tennessee. I understand he took the oath to support the so-called Confederate States, and continued in office until he was re-elected, in March, 1862, and was again qualified, and served on the bench until the occupation of the country by our forces on 1st of September last. An ex-member of the Legislature of the State, a Union man, is the colonel of a Tennessee cavalry regiment, while the colonel of another regiment took the oath repeatedly to support the so-called Confederate States, even while he was a member elect to the U. S. Congress. If such acts do no debar the parties from the rights and privileges of citizenship, or even from becoming the recipients of high honors from the Government, it cannot surely be intended to exclude the sheriffs, constables, magistrates, county and circuit clerks, registers, coroners, &amp;c., from the benefits of the amnesty proclamation of the President. I respectfully request from the major-general commanding the department further instructions, if he deems them necessary, [or a simple reiteration] of those already given, provided they are intended to be received in the light in which, as has been stated, I understand them.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier General and Prov. March General of East Tennessee.

CLEVELAND, June 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The rebels have all crossed the Connesauga River, according to the latest intelligence. My scouts report hearing of the capture of the company of my regiment at Varnell's Station. I have sent scouts to ascertain truth of the report. The rebels are still about here in force.

H. G. GIBSON,

Colonel Second Ohio Heavy Artillery, Commanding.

JACKSBOROUGH, June 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMMEN:

Scout has just returned; reports that there are about 75 or 100 rebels one mile above Big Creek Gap encamped. There are 150 rebels coming in on Tazewell road. Their object I understand [is] to make an attack on this place. The men above Big Creek Gap are armed very poorly and have a number of horses. Will start a scout out Tazewell road immediately. Do not think they will make an attack until night.

H. FULTON,

Captain, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, June 21, 1864-11. 40 a. m.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

If General Hobson and staff entered into any agreement or gave paroles not in accordance with the cartel they must be arrested, and the

