
rivers, coasts, and nationality, admitting the right to rebel and move to some other country where laws and customs are more in accordance with their own ideas and prejudices. Second. The civil power being insufficient to protect life and property 'ex necessitate rei', to prevent anarchy, "which nature abhors," the military steps in, and is rightful, constitutional, and lawful. Under this law everybody can be made to "stay at home and mind his and her own business," and, if they won't do that, can be sent away where they won't keep their honest neighbors in fear of danger, robbery, and insult. THIRD. Your military commanders, provost- marshal, and other agents may arrest all males and females who have encouraged or harbored guerrillas and robbers, and you may cause them to be collected in Louisville, and when you have enough, say 300 or 400, I will cause them to be sent down the MISSISSIPPI through their guerrilla gauntlet, and by a sailing ship send them to a land where they may take their negroes and make a colony with laws and a future of their own. If they won't live in peace in such a garden as Kentucky, whey we will kindly send them to another, if not a better land, and surely this would be a kindness and a God's blessing to Kentucky. I wish you to be careful that no personalities are mixed up in this, nor does a full and generous love of country, "of the South," of their State or county from a cause of banishment, but that devilish spirit which will not be satisfied and that makes war the pretext for murder, arson, theft in all its grades, perjury, and all the crimes of human nature. My own preference was and is that the civil authorities of Kentucky would and could do this in that State, but if they will not, or cannot, then we must; for it must be done. There must be an "end to strife," and the honest, industrious people of Kentucky, and the whole world, will be benefitted and rejoiced at the conclusion, however arrived at. I use no concealment in saying that I do object to men or women having what they call "Southern feelings," if confined to love of country, and of peace, honor, and security, and even of little family pride, but these become "crime" when enlarged to mean love of murder, of war, desolation, famine, and all the horrid attendants of anarchy.

I am, with respect, your friend,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 21, 1864.

Colonel J. G. EVE,

Camp Burnside, Ky.:

A rebel force is reported to have been at Big Creek Gap at 5 o'clock this a. m. Be on the alert; keep scouts out in that direction, and send any information you may obtain here at once.

By order of Brigadier-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NELSON, June 21, 1864.

Captain DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The rebels captured my father on the 16th instant, who was provost- marshal of Owsley County, Ky. After keeping him a prisoner for some

