
time they murdered him in the most brutal manner. Will you allow me to take my regiment and go to the mountains to avenge the blood of my father?

A. H. CLARK,

Colonel Forty-seventh Kentucky Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., June 21, 1864.

Colonel D. E. COON,Commanding THIRD Brigade:

COLONEL: You will organize a force of 500 men from your command, with three days' rations and FIFTY rounds of ammunition on the persons of the men, to be ready to move at 12 o'clock to-morrow. The officers in command will report here at 10 a. m. for instructions.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL OF EAST TENNESSEE, Knoxville, June 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Ohio:

COLONEL: It is with regret I feel called upon to bring to the notice of the major-general commanding the department the reported irregularities of members of the cavalry force and mounted scouts in the vicinity of and drove Strawberry Plains. It is well known that the farmers in the major part of East Tennessee have been robbed of their stock to such an extent that they have not one-half enough left with which to cultivate their lands. Many, relying upon the encouragement given by the Government, and its promised protection if they would plant as largely as possible, have put in much more ground than they would have otherwise done. They are certainly entitled to claim from the Government an observance of this pledges; but, limited as is the farming stock they have managed to retain, they have no security for even that; for it seems that soldiers are in the habit of taking horses and mules wherever they can find them, and of disposing them for their own benefit. As men who are guilty of such acts have but one object, that of gain, they, of course, rob a Union citizen with as little hesitancy as they would a rebel sympathizer. It is represented here that the force which has just returned from upper East Tennessee brought with it a number of mules and horses altogether too young for service. The name of one person, a Mr. Vance of Kingsport, who is represented as being a man of unswerving loyalty, had, as I have been informed, his horse taken from by our men. The of our Government require that the conduct of our troops should be such as to compel even its enemies to remark on the difference between them and lawless rebel soldiers. If only from the impoverished condition of East Tennessee, I would respectfully urge that orders be issued against any further forcible seizure of stock in the hands of peaceable, law-abiding citizens, who are using it for the common good, and that parties who rob or take by force from citizens for private ends be

