
brought to punishment. Unless some measures are adopted to secure the farmers in the possession of their stock much of the corn already planted will be lost from want of necessary means of cultivating it.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier General and Prov. March General of East Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Knoxville, Tenn., June 22, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel EWING,Charleston:

The operator at Charleston reports the enemy in your immediate vicinity, destroying the railroad. What is your information as to their strength? Keep me advised of their movements. If you have not already done so, send out a scouting party.

G. M. BASCOM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky, Lexington, June 22, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky:

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following statement in relation to the late engagement near Keller's Bridge, one mile from Cynthiana, Ky., on Kentucky Central Railroad. On 5th of June your ordered a halt beyond Ivy Mountain, and, having learned the presence of the enemy in the State, directed me to return to the interior and collect a force to oppose Morgan in front, while you pursued and attacked him in the rear. I arrived, with my staff, at Covington, Ky., on the 8th of June, and found Morgan had captured Mount Sterling, an cut the railroad between Covington and Lexington. I at once got together all the force I could muster, as also such as were furnished by Major-General Heintzelman, commanding Northern Department. I learned by telegraph, from Captain Dickson, assistant adjutant-general, that you had defeated Morgan at Mount Sterling, and were pursuing him through Lexington toward Cynthiana. That I might comply with your order, I moved that night, 10th of June, by rail, to Keller's Bridge, with the One hundred and seventy-first Ohio National Guard (100-days' men, and 600 strong), and arrived there at 4 a. m. June 11. After a fight with Morgan for six hours I was surrounded by a largely superior force of mounted rebels and compelled to surrender to save the loss of life. After the surrender Morgan insisted that I should take such officers as I thought proper and proceed to the nearest point of communication and negotiate ourselves for officers of equal rank. I refused and kept up the negotiations with Morgan for four hours after the fight, hoping I could delay Morgan until you came up and defeated him. During the fight and negotiation Morgan was delayed until late in the afternoon. When I saw I could delay him no longer, at the earnest request of Colonel J. F. Asper, One hundred and seventy-first Ohio National Guard, I told Morgan I was his prisoner, but would endeavor to effect an exchange. The first agreement was in the form of a paroled and every officer refused

