
to sign it, knowing it to be a violation of the cartel to accept paroles. The agreement signed was not a parole, and only bound us to attempt an exchange - nothing is in the agreement about a flag of truce. * I have the honor to request that myself and the officers who were with me be released from arrest and restored to duty, as anything we did was done through a wish for the good of the service, and to delay the enemy, and was not known to be in violation of any cartel or orders. I endeavored to do my whole duty, and every officer who signed the agreement acted with braveness and promptness during the fight.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

MEMPHIS, June 22, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

All is going well. Forrest still remains at Baldwyn and Tupelo in large force. Smith's consists of 9,000 infantry, 3,000 cavalry, and four batteries. They will move toward Corinth and endeavor to draw Forrest as far up as possible and whip him. They will cut railroad below him, if possible. He will, no doubt, concentrate everything this side of Grenada, and will leave Mobile defenseless. If, while Smith is engaging them, General Canby would send from New Orleans 10,000 men to Mobile, via Pascagoula, that city would be easily captured. The force of Forrest is larger than you suppose, but should have been whipped.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, No. 90. Memphis, Tenn., June 22, 1864.

I. The troops of this command, excepting the artillery, will be at the Memphis and Charleston Railroad depot, in readiness to embark for the terminus of the road (Grissom's Bridge), at 7 a. m. to-day. The camp will be left standing, with a sufficient guard of convalescents to protect the property.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Brigadier General J. A. Mower:

J. B. SAMPLE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. CAVALRY, DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., June 22, 1864.

Colonel D. E. COON,

Commanding THIRD Brigade:

COLONEL: You will organize the effective force of the Second Iowa Cavalry, to start at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning as escort for train. The officer will report promptly, with his command, at 9 o'clock, at headquarters General A. J. Smith, on Poplar street. You will send

---------------

*See Part I, p. 36.

---------------

