
In this connection I beg leave to state, that although the horses of the command were generally in good condition upon our arrival at WEST Point, February 20, 1864 (as I marched in rear of the column almost entirely during the return, I know what I assert to be true), that the road from WEST Point, Miss., to here was literally strewn with dead and abandoned animals in consequence of the rapidity of the gait with which we returned, and hundreds of horses died after we had reached this point.

Besides the THIRD Brigade, Second Illinois, First Alabama, and Seventh Tennessee Cavalry being taken away from my command at the time of the writing of General Sherman's letter, there were three- quarters of eight regiments and above one-half of the Ninth of my command absent upon veteran furloughs, thus reducing the effective strength in men to what my reports have shown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, May 3, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier-General STURGIS:

GENERAL: Your dispatch this morning is received. * The delay on the part of McMillen has worried me exceedingly. I hope soon to hear that you have crossed the Hatchie and got possession between Hatchie and Tennessee. I hardly think that cars drawn by steam are running to Corinth, but I know that they have been running some cars by mule power from Tupelo or Okolona up. There is a break between the stream and mule power. I hardly think Doctor Polk can be coming north. Sherman, in his dispatch of the 28th April,+ says: "We have information deemed reliable that part of Polk's command is with Johnston, and part at Demopolis. " It will be well to be on the lookout for the reverend gentleman, but don't postpone any move that you think ought to be made on his account. I shall sent out early in the morning and lay down another bridge. Call on me for whatever you want, and if in the range of human power you shall have it. When you get in between Hatchie and Tennessee you had better send down and feel of Corinth.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, No. 10. Vicksburg, Miss., May 3, 1864.

I. In obedience to instructions contained in Special Orders, No. 3, dated headquarters District of Vicksburg, Miss., May 2, 1864, the following-named troops will be held in readiness to move to-morrow, the 4th instant, with ten days' rations, four days' forage, and 100 rounds of ammunition: Eleventh, Forty-sixth, Seventy-second, Seventy-sixth, and One hundred and twenty-fourth Regiments Illinois Volunteer Infantry, First Kansas Mounted Infantry, Fifth and Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, Battery L, Second Illinois Light Artillery, and Seventh Ohio Battery.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXII, Part I., p. 696.

+See Vol. XXXII, Part III, p. 527.

---------------

