
with this force sufficient wagons to carry the reserve supply of ammunition for your brigade. Let the ammunition be sent out by railroad, and carry forage in wagons to terminus of railroad. Let an officer be left to attend to sending out the ammunition.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Vicksburg, June 22, 1864.

Brigadier General J. P. HAWKINS,Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you hold 2,000 infantry of your command in readiness for services in the field, the force to move by the river. The time and object of the expedition will be made known hereafter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, June 23, 1864.

(Received 3. 50 p. m.)

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I can have five regiments of colored troops ready for service in a very short time, if officers are furnished. Would like to have Lieutenant Colonel J. F. Wade and Lieutenant Henry Wade to report to me. I need colored troops for garrison duty. May I use them?

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, June 23, 1864-6 p. m.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Lexington, Ky.:

The intelligence contained in your telegram of this date is very gratifying. Officers will be promoted immediately, and the officer you name will be assigned to you. If you know any persons competent for command they will be appointed on your recommendation, designating what rank they are competent for. You may use the colored troops for whatever infantry or artillery service they are needed, in garrison or in the field. Are you supplied with arms and equipments?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, June 23, 1864-2 p. m.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

It is reported here that disloyal citizens of Cynthiana assisted Morgan's raid on that place, and afterward buried the rebel dead with honors, while our dead were treated with marched insult. The Secretary

