
MEMPHIS, TENN., June 23, 1864.

Colonel WARING, White's Station:

Instead of holding the balance of your effective force, as heretofore ordered, until Colonel Winslow's arrives, you will start it at dayLight, so as to be in the vicinity of Bray's Station and Spring Hill before the railroad train arrives there. The train was fired into at Spring Hill this afternoon. Leave your ambulances and train to go with Winslow. Acknowledge receipt of this and say how many men you will send. They will take three days' rations.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 23, 1864.

Colonel WARING, White's Station:

Colonel Coon can send a detachment, say 100 men, with yours. So instruct him by my orders. Send your ambulances and train with Second Iowa. Spring Hill is between Germantown and Collierville. Forest Hill is the place meant, in vicinity of the female college.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Memphis, Tenn., June 23, 1864.

Colonel E. F. WINSLOW, Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: By direction of General A. J. Smith you will have your entire effective command in readiness to move at 9 o'clock to- morrow morning. If the THIRD Iowa has not been paid, but can receive pay so as to leave to-morrow afternoon, it can remain until that time. Take your ammunition train. Let the officers who goes in command report to General Smith's headquarters, on Poplar street, promptly at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning. Organize the force that you leave behind, place them under command of the ranking officer, and instruct him to make details daily for picketing the different approaches to Memphis. Six men and one non-commissioned officer on each road, as heretofore; the whole under charge of a commissioned officer, who will report daily for instructions to Major J. L. Atwood, general field officer of the day, at headquarters District of WEST Tennessee.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR KENESAW, GA., June 24, 1864.

(Received 2 a. m. 25th.)

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: I have ordered General A. J. Smith and General Mower from Memphis to pursue and kill Forrest, promising the latter, in case of success, my influence to promote him to a major-general. He is one of the gamest men in our service. Should accident befall me I ask you to favor Mower, if he succeeds in disposing of Forrest.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

