
MEMPHIS, TENN., June 24, 1864.

Colonel T. P. HERRICK,

Seventh Kansas Cavalry, Moscow:

You will consolidate your regiment with the detachment of the First Brigade and assume command. I think Major Febles, Seventh Indiana Cavalry, is commanding the detachment. Seventy-nine more of that brigade left White's Station this morning and will join you. Acknowledge receipt of this.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 25, 1864.

(Received 7. 45 p. m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

In justice I desire to say a few words in behalf of Major General Gordon Granger, who was relieved from his command in this State some three months ago. I had some opportunity while he was commanding in this district of observing his conduct as an officer and soldier, and it affords me pleasure to state that in my opinion he had but few, if any, superiors at the time loss and so stated in my former telegram urging his retention. I regard him as bold and energetic. I sincerely hope that the services of such a man will not be dispensed with for the want of a command by the 1st of July, the time fixed by act of Congress, as I understand, for mustering out generals not on active duty.

ANDREW JohnSON,

Military Governor.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISS., No. 90. Nashville, Tenn., June 25, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

III. By direction of the President of the United States, Brigadier General Eleazer A. Paine, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty in the Department of the Cumberland, and assigned to duty in the Department of the Tennessee. Brigadier-General Paine will proceed to Columbus, Ky., and report of Major General C. C. Washburn, commanding District of WEST Tennessee, at Memphis, Tenn., for further orders from him.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

M. ROCHESTER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 25, 1864.

Brigadier General STEPHEN G. BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

GENERAL: I transmit herewith authority under the great seal of State to declare martial law in the State of Kentucky or any part thereof, and, by direction of the Secretary of War, also send you the

