
following instructions: It has been represented that disloyal persons in Kentucky, taking advantage of the absence of our main armies in the field, are giving aid and assistance to armed rebels, and seeking to incite insurrection and rebellion in that State. It is further represented that among these aiders and abettors of rebellion and treason are distinguished officers of the State government and members of the Congress of the United States. The Secretary of War directs that under the authority conferred on you by the President, you arrest and send to Washington, under proper guards, all persons so inciting insurrection or aiding and abetting the enemy. And for this purpose you will employ the military force at your command, and if necessary you will call upon Major-General Heintzelman and the commanding officers in Tennessee for assistance. You are expected in this matter to act with discretion, but at the same time promptly and energetically. Any attempt at rebellion in Kentucky must be put down with a strong hand, and traitors must be punished without regard to their rank of sex.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Kentucky, June 25, 1864.

Brigadier General E. H. HOBSON:

GENERAL: Your report of the action at Kellar's Bridge has been received,* and I desire unofficially to express my opinion that the determined manner in which you for a long time held in check superior numbers went far toward securing the final overthrow of the rebel forces. I am satisfied no officer in your situation could have done better than you did, and feel convinced that when your report reaches the War Department, and all the facts become known there, you will not only be exonerated from any on account of the unavoidable surrender of your command, but will receive officially the credit which is justly your due.

I am, general, yours, &amp;c.,S. G. BURBRIDGE,

SOMERSET, June 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE:

GENERAL: Will you please have a squad of twenty-five or thirty mounted men sent to this place. I have applied to Colonel Eve, commanding Camp Burnside, without avail. It is necessary to have such a force here to enforce obedience to law. Citizens and deserters are banding together for the purpose of resisting the enlistment of negroes, stealing, and murdering Union men. Several have been killed in this section, many more threatened. If we had twenty-five mounted men here we could keep the scoundrels quiet. Please answer.

THOS. L. SAWYERS,

Deputy Provost-Marshal, Pulaski County.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 33.

---------------

10 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT II

