
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 217. Washington, June 25, 1864.

Covington, Ky., and the country around it within a radius of ten miles is added to the Northern Department, under command of Major- General Heintzelman.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, Tenn., June 25, 1864.

Major-General SMITH:

The railroad superintendent reports a train that left Moscow at 5. 45 p. m. is not in, and he fears it is captured, as he can hear nothing from it. Can you give any information?

C. C. WASHBURN,Major-General.

MOSCOW, June 25, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

The train that left last evening must have been engaged two hours in running on and off cars from the side-track at La Fayette, and I presume did not move from there before morning. I think she must be safe. A train left about 8 a. m., after the arrival of your telegram and will soon report if any accident has happened this side of Collierville. I have sent out cavalry toward Pocahontas, and will soon learn the condition of the road as far as Saulsbury.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Kentucky, June 26, 1864.

Colonel John G. EVE,Commanding U. S. Forces, Camp Burnside, Ky.:

COLONEL: Your communication in regard to the condition of affairs in your neighborhood is received. Captain Hall, assistant quartermaster, has been directed to furnish you with forty horses. The general commanding directs that you spare no exertions to break up entirely these bands of the thieving guerrillas; give them no rest day or night. They are frequently aided in their operations by citizens. Arrest any citizen, male or female, against whom you can obtain positive written evidence of their complicity with rebels and send them under guard to these headquarters, with charges and names of witnesses, for trial by military commission. The Forty- ninth Kentucky, being newly armed, should be now in effective condition, and the general commanding looks for valuable and efficient service from it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

