
WASHINGTON, D. C., June 26, 1864-12 noon.

General WASHBURN,

Memphis, Tenn.:

It is reported that horses landed at Memphis for shipment to other points are kept in bad condition and on short allowance, by which they are injured. This must be immediately corrected.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 26, 1864.

(Received July 1.)

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 16th is only this moment received. I have already advised you that, under the orders of Major-General Sherman, I have moved all my available force in the interior to engage Forrest. This General Sherman regards as a vital movement to him. Your dispatch, of the 16th was written, I suppose, before you heard of Sturgis' failure. I can detain General Smith on the line of the railroad, and give you time to co-operate in the direction of Mobile, if you think well of it.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

MOSCOW, June 26, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

Am I to take the colored regiments now at La Fayette as a part of my command? If not I would recommend they be stationed at this point and La Fayette and guard the bridge over Grissom's Creek. They would be invaluable to me as a wagon guard. Am I to get the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois? I am informed that 100 horses have just arrived for my batteries. Will your please order [that] they be retained until our return or we need them on our march and can send for them by rail? I have early in the morning for La Grange.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

MOSCOW, June 26, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN:

My cavalry pickets have returned from beyond Saulsbury, and report but little repairing needed. I have sent a portion of the cavalry forces to La Grange, and have ordered all the cavalry now here and paid forward. The brigade will be finished to-night, so that all trains leaving Memphis to-morrow morning will come through to La Grange. I leave with whole command early in the morning, and will be in La Grange by 10 a. m. I will send you a report of my infantry by the morning train. The cavalry has got here, and I will left you know their strength. I telegraphed General Grierson to come out to- day. A flag of truce has just come in, and I will send you the documents brought in by evening train.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

