
to Vicksburg, and ordered that a dash be made for the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and to break it up, if possible, from Macon to Meridian; also to break up the MISSISSIPPI Central. I have asked General Slocum to direct the troops, and send down and add to the force as much as possible. While these moves are being made Mobile may be taken easily. I have fully advised General Canby of the two moves.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, June 27, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

General Washburn has sent me a copy of your dispatch to him of the 14th instant, I had he should employ A. J. Smith's troops, and any other that he could reach, to pursue, and if, possible, destroy Forrest's command. I have placed under his control all the militia from the Northwestern States that were ordered to report to me, and several regiments of old troops from Missouri. This will enable him to give Smith an effective force of 12,000 or 25,000 men, and leave a reserve of 5,000 for other operations. I will start the expedition against Mobile four days later. A cavalry expedition will start at same time from Vicksburg for the purpose of distracting the attention of the enemy from Smith's operations and these in this neighborhood. A large cavalry force will leave the river above Baton Rouge for the purpose of cutting the Mobile and Ohio road, and Steele will also be instructed to make a demonstration in the direction of Price's force. We have labored under great disadvantage in having no resources for water transportation on the river, but this will soon be overcome.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., June 27, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

Please notify me when you reach the next serious obstructions on the railroad. I think you had better be in no hurry in leaving the line of railroad with your infantry and artillery, but seem to be engaged in repairing the road and moving on to Corinth. We are doing good work if we can hold Forrest, and if we can bring him up toward Corinth will be a great deal better than to go down to Tupelo after him; if he won't be decoyed up, then you must go for him. I hear that there is one brigade now at Corinth. If you can send some cavalry in Ruckersville to strike the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, six mules south of Corinth, you may develop something. Have you all the means necessary for breaking up railroads? If not, say what you want and I will have them sent you.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

LA GRANGE, June 27, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

I have arrived here with my whole command, and everything is complete between here and Memphis. The construction train and first train are now here. I will send forward my cavalry in the morning. Will you

