
please send out a train in the morning to bring forward to bring forward the colored regiment from La Fayette. I would respectfully recommend that a patrolling party of cavalry be sent from Colonel Waring's command to look to picketing all the roads between Germantown and La Grange. I will remain here and get all my supplies, and may not leave this point before Thursday, but will have the road in running order to Pocahontas if possible before that time. I have ordered out everything I may need for the destruction of the railroad, and will be in no hurry, but ready to meet Forrest if he comes within one week. I will keep you constantly advised of what he is doing.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

[JUNE 28, 1864. -For Canby to Steele, in reference to operations against Mobile, see Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 579.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, Memphis, June 28, 1864.

(Received July 2.)

Major General R. E. S. CANBY:

GENERAL: I have nothing special to add to what I have already communicated. Major-General Forrest in at Tupelo, and has with him and within reach from 10,000 to 15,000 men. One brigade of his men is at Corinth. Major-General Smith is at La Grange with 13,000 men, and will repair the railroad and move as far east as Pocahontas before he will strike south toward Tupelo. He will probably not leave the line of the railroad for a week, hoping to draw Forrest and his forces up to him. If you up here, it will be in time, should you land troops at Pascagoula in a week from this time. A small demonstration on Pascagoula would help General Smith, if you have not troops to send and capture Mobile.

C. C. WASHBURN,Major-General.

LA GRANGE, June 28, 1864-6 p. m.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Headquarters, Memphis:

I have yet one regiment at Grissom's Bridge and will bring it in early in the morning. Will you please order a guard of one company from the regiment stationed at La Fayette to guard that brigade. I will move forward the bridge-builders and escort to Saulsbury in the morning. We are getting up our supplies rapidly and will move on Thursday. Another flag of truce come to our lines, and if the dispatches arrive in time for the train I will send them in to- night.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, In the Field, near Kenesaw, June 28, 1864.

General SLOCUM,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

I see by the Atlanta paper of the 25th that the railroad bridge at Jackson is being rebuilt. If you permit the enemy to regain the use

