
of that bridge and of the MISSISSIPPI Central Railroad you need not expect military favors from General Grant or myself. There should be a weekly expedition from Natchez, Vicksburg, or Yazoo City against that road, breaking it all the time, and especially should the bridge at Jackson be destroyed. I know that W. H. Jackson's cavalry, embracing the brigades of Ross, Ferguson, and Starke, are here. Roddey is near Decatur, Ala., and Forrest is either coming here or is engaged with General A. J. Smith. I know that Loring's and French's DIVISIONS are here, and don't know what is in Mississippi, except Wirt Adams' and Logan's cavalry brigades and Gholson's militia. But no matter, Vicksburg and its people are no use to us unless used offensively as against the interior of Mississippi.

That railroad bridge Jackson is worth more to the Confederacy than all the population of Vicksburg, and I trust to you that it is not rebuilt, but, on the contrary, other points are also destroyed. There should be at least a weekly expedition, without wagons and with haversacks alone, to Brookhaven, to Jackson, to Canton, and to the Black River bridge above Canton, and I believe you have enough men, unless the negro troops have all disappeared. Every soldier should be doing something against the enemy this summer to keep him busy and from re- enforcing Lee and Johnston.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.

NEAR KENESAW MOUNTAIN, June 28, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding District of Vicksburg:

It is currently reported in the rebel newspapers that the railroad bridge across Pearl River at Jackson will soon be completed, and the cars commence running from Meridian through to that point. This should not be permitted. Watch the matter closely, and if the bridge is likely to be rebuilt, send out an expedition and destroy it. The enemy will of course try to occupy Jackson, the capital of the State, by making a show, even if they have very little, if any, force there, [more] for political effect on the people of the State of MISSISSIPPI than from any purely military reason. if it is made C. S. Army military headquarters, if newspapers are published urging on the opposition to the United States Government, the place should be visited in force.

Yours, truly,

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major- General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, June 28, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding District of Vicksburg, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: An expedition in the direction of Mobile will start about the 6th proximo. A. J. Smith's command will move from the present terminus of the Memphis road about the 2nd proximo. A large cavalry force will leave the river above Baton Rouge for the Mobile and Ohio road. You will send all your cavalry force that can be spared for the

