
purpose of making a demonstration in the direction of Jackson or beyond, for the purpose of distracting the attention of the enemy from the other operations as much as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 29, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of WEST Tennessee:

SIR: By direction of the major- general commanding, I have the honor to transmit herewith inclosed copy of Special Orders* requiring 5,000 infantry to be sent from your command to Morganza, La., and to request that the movement may be expedited as much as possible. During the absence of these troops you are authorized, if you deem it necessary, to stop any of the 100- days' regiments intended for this DIVISION that may be coming down the road and use them in the place of the troops destined for Morganza.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant- General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., June 29, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District, &amp;c., Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: By the direction of the President, General Sherman has ordered me to await your orders at Columbus, Ky. The intention of the President is that I should make my headquarters at Paducah, Ky. I will proceed to Columbus and await your orders. I write to you because I do not know the name of your adjutant- general.

I have the honor, &c.,

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier- General U. S. Volunteers.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., June 29, 1864.

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Commanding District of Vicksburg:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith inclosed copy of Special Orders+ requiring that 2,000 troops, infantry, be sent from your command to Morganza, La., and to request, by direction of the major- general commanding, that the movement be effected as speedily as possible. Should an emergency arise during the absence of these troops you are authorized to replace them, for the time being, from the brigade under General Bailey's command, but the engineer troops are not to be employed on other than their legitimate duties except in cases of absolute necessity.

I have the honor tobe, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant- General.

---------------

*See paragraph 4, Special Orders, No 52, Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 586.

+See paragraph 3, Special Orders, Numbers 52, Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, . 586.

---------------

