
tucky Cavalry, who had charge of a small squad, who had either been on picket or succeeded in escaping from the town. He also supposed the place had been surrendered. I immediately sent Captain Hudnall with his company to the right of the road, to look out for the enemy in that direction, and galloped on in toward the town. Captain McNeely volunteered to dash ahead with his squad and determine the position of the enemy. When in the outskirts of the town he came upon a line, dismounted, who poured a volley into his little band, wounding several men and horses, and forcing him to retire. We were a few hundred yards in rear and I immediately turned from the road to the right. As soon as two companies had cleared the road sufficiently, I halted, dismounted, and deployed them, and ordered them to move forward to engage the enemy, while five companies were moved rapidly to the right, aiming as I did to strike the Dug Gap road (having learned the enemy came by that road), and attack him on his left flank. Lieutenant- Colonel Kelly, with the two remaining companies, was directed to remain on the road and look out for matters there, as I deemed it important to hold that road, as it led to my train. In the mean time Captain Hudnall, hearing the firing of the enemy on Captain McNeely, immediately moved down a valley half a mile from the road he had left in the direction of the town. His approach was concealed from the enemy by the timber. As he emerged from this he saw in his front, not 200 yards distant, the rebel line of battle. Immediately dismounting and forming his men he moved forward to the open ground and opened on the enemy. About the same time the two companies of the right (Captains Jacobs and Harrington) came up on Hudnall's left. The surprise was so complete and the firing so vigorous that the enemy immediately broke and fled in confusion beyond the town, leaving their dead and wounded. Fourteen prisoners were captured by Captain Harrington, including the lieutenant- colonel and a captain of the Ninth Alabama. Captain Hudnall captured several prisoners, including the adjutant of the Twelfth Tennessee, also recaptured an ambulance belonging to Colonel Watkins' command, and the colors of his brigade, which the rebels had taken from his headquarters in the town. Just as I reached the Dug Gap road, in sight of the town, I received word from Colonel Kelly that our force were in possession. I at once ordered the companies of Captains Jacobs and Harrington to remount and join me, intending to push on for the next road leading south. At the same time I threw a force out on the Blue Bird Gap road, who learned that about 200 of the enemy had passed there nearly two hours previous, having in charge about 40 prisoners, whom I supposed were captured early that morning. Captain Jacobs' company, a platoon of Captain Long's, and a platoon of Lieutenant McDermott's company, dismounted and deployed, were moved forward toward the Summerville road, and about a mile south of the town joined the two companies which Colonel Kelly had sent directly through with a portion of the command of Colonel Watkins, which, as soon as relieved by us, had mounted and moved out in pursuit of the rebels. It was soon discovered that the enemy were in full retreat and out of our reach.

Colonel Watkins lost, he informed men, so many horses killed and captured that half of his command were dismounted, and that the whole was well nigh out of ammunition. In view of these facts, and the uncertainty as to the nature of Pillow's mission, whether independent or the advance of a large force, together with the pressing necessity of having the railroad communication to the front open and protected, which was my special mission, induced me to abandon a pursuit

