
WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 1, 1864- 12. 25 p. m.

Brigadier- General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

Your telegram of yesterday in regard to mounting your command has been received. General Halleck reports that 1,200 horses have been ordered to you from Cincinnati, and that a quartermaster from the Cavalry Bureau has been sent to Kentucky to purchase horses the re. This Department will do all in its power to render the command you have so bravely exercised efficient in every respect.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

LOUISVILLE, July 1, 1864.

Captain DICKSON:

Your telegram says that a force was sent yesterday to Owensborough to hunt up Jessee's gang. This gang is not at Owensborough, but in Owen and Henry Counties. My letter of 28th, stating that Captain Grissom had been driven across the river, had reference to Owensborough, but my telegram oft his morning had not.

W. H. SIDELL,

Major, &amp;c.

NASHVILLE, July 1, 1864.

Major- General SHERMAN:

Major- General Washburn had ordered a court or commission to investigate causes of failure of General Sturgis' expedition. A staff officer of General Sturgis is here with protest against the proceedings. He wishes the commission dissolved. It consists of Generals Brayman and Buckland, and Colonel Kappner. General Sturgis says important witness absent, and thinks he cannot have a fair hearing; it is a simple inquisition. He asks that another commission be assembled in Cincinnati or Louisville.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier- General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Kenesaw, July 1, 1864.

General WEBSTER,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Communicate to General Sturgis that the inquiry into the matter of the fight with Forrest is made by order of the Secretary of War. The detail is a good one. I know them all to be good, fair- minded, and just men, and the inquiry must go on. It should give General Sturgis pleasure to have such a court of inquiry, where all the witnesses are, and not the farce of an inquiry at Cincinnati or Louisville where the witnesses are not.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General, Commanding.

