
LOUISVILLE, KY., July 2, 1864.

Honorable A. LINCOLN,

President of the United Sates, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: There appeared this morning in the Louisville Press, a radical abolition paper of this city, a statement of a report that I had been arrested for disloyal language. The report that I had been arrested for disloyal language. The report had its origin in the wish of those who gave it circulation. The object of circulating the report is to injure men, and is evidence that there is a purpose on the part of a set of cowardly men to have done what they have reported as already done. Believing, as I do, that there are a number of men in Kentucky who will injure the country and the Government and bring ruin on the State, I feel it my duty to call your attention to the subject and invoke your interference to save your native State from the ruin and desolation that these men would bring upon it. The men who are the most influential for harm to the State, though the loudest in avowal of their loyalty, are the most cowardly in exhibition of their patriotism. Not one of them, though physically able to do so, has ever shouldered a musket or drawn a sword, or heard the whiz of a ball or the burst of a shell. I believe they continually make false representations tho cause the arrest of men to gratify their cowardly malice and mean prejudice. A few days after the election in November, 1860, and again a few weeks thereafter, I wrote you in regard to the troubles threatening the country. From December, 1860, up to August, 1861, when I commenced raising my brigade, I stated my opinions and views in many public speeches to the people of Kentucky, a number of which were published throughout the country. I entertain those opinions substantially to- day. You have known them from the beginning. The opinions and views declared by General McClellan in his great oration at WEST Point, and in his speech at Lake George, are those entertained by me. In defense of these views I entered the military service and shared the hardships of the field and the dangers of battle. In skirmishes and amid the thickest of the battle of Shiloh I was ready to offer up my life, while the cowardly men who would slander me were shirking from duty and have never dared to encounter the enemies of the country in the field. It is, however, true and well known to you that I differ from you in regard to your policy of enlisting negro slaves, and especially I Kentucky. I believe the policy unwise, unconstitutional, and unjust and cruel to the negro. I differ with you as to other measures, but I never allowed any difference of opinion to swerve me from what I deemed a just support of the Government. It is further true that I doubt the final success on the basis of policy now pursued, and I order to try a different policy, and avoid, if possible, further effusion of blood and sacrifice of human life, I would be glad that you inaugurate an armistice, and if possible adjust the troubles, restore the Constitution, and preserve the Union. I would have urged you to try this course had I supposed I had the least influence, and I should earnestly have the war be brought to a close. If we cannot conquer a peace, and establish the authority and supremacy of the United States over the whole territory by our arms, I desire an armistice, and attempt it by treaty. I verily believe it is in your power to save the country by this course and to win for yourself the name and fame which I stated in my letter of November, 1860. I trust that you may see that this is the course of wisdom, and peace, and union, and I	 beg, Mr. President, that you will take such action as will save Kentucky and her people from the harmful influence of those cowardly patriots, who, shrinking from

