
IN THE FIELD, May 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE,

Louisville, Ky.:

Five thousand of the militia recently called out will be ordered to Louisville subject to my orders. You will assume command of them and dispose them so as to relieve a corresponding number of your old troops, and send the latter to me by rail. Select the best regiments you have to come to the front, and have them all prepared so that they can come at once when the militia arrives. Inform me what regiments you will send, and their strength.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, Ky., May 5, 1864.

Colonel C. S. HANSON,

Commanding THIRD Brigade:

Instruct your brigade commissary and quartermaster to procure all necessary supplies from Camp Nelson. Captain Hall, quartermaster at Camp Nelson, has been instructed to furnish sufficient transportation from that point for all stores going to Irvine. As it is very difficult to procure horses, you will instruct your brigade quartermaster to recruit all broken-down horses of your command. This can be done by renting pasturage and stabling, and dismounted men detailed to feed and care for them. From the disposition of the forces now being made in East Tennessee, it will devolve upon us to prevent raids and invasion through Eastern Kentucky. We will also have to protect the flank of the East Tennessee army, and to do this, will have to make frequent raids into Western Virginia and threaten rebel force in the vicinity of Abingdon and Barboursville, Va. Hence the necessity of taking care of our stock. I will send you battery or section of battery as soon as possible, and will exert myself to have your command fully mounted. Keep me advised.

Respectfully,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, May 5, 1864.

Colonel C. S HANSON,

Commanding THIRD Brigade, Irvine, Ky.:

COLONEL: Send 400 of your command through Proctor, Booneville, and Hazard to Pound Gap. When the expedition arrives at the junction of the Pound and Stony Gap roads in the vicinity of Whitesburg, small force should be sent to Stony Gap. See that the men are provided with rations for the trip. They should move cautiously and at moderate gait, for the purpose of saving their stock. If necessary, use mules belonging to regimental trains for purpose of carrying sufficient rations. Send all information of importance to these headquarters by courier as to the success of the expedition. This force must move promptly Monday morning next.

Respectfully,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

