
the hardships and danger of the battle which I and my son and many others have, and still endure, would urge upon you or, without your knowledge, on the Secretary of War and other military authorities.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant and fellow- citizen,

J. T. BOYLE.

[JULY 2, 1864. - For Canby to Washburn, in relation to operations against Mobile, and support of Steele, in Arkansas, see Vol. XLI.]

LA GRANGE, July 2, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

If the One hundred and twenty- second Illinois can bring four wagons I will be happy. I have just discovered that a large portion of my ammunition is worthless. I have ordered an examination of all the boxes, and will retain and send in a special train this evening with that condemned. I am happy that I have made the discovery this early. What is issued from the ordnance store is supposed to be good. I will telegraph you again at 4 p. m.

A. J. SMITH,

Major- General.

MEMPHIS, July 2, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

Communication with Steele is again open. One hundred and twenty head of cattle will go out in the morning. The position of Steele does not require any haste. You will leave the railroad when you get ready. I am endeavoring to get up a force of cavalry to send to operate with Slocum's cavalry from Vicksburg.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Vicksburg,Vicksburg, Miss., July 2, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of June 27 [28] has been received. Soon after my arrival at this post I sent out an expedition which succeeded in destroying portions of the MISSISSIPPI Central Railroad and forcing the enemy to concentrate in this vicinity. The official report of General McArthur, commanding the expedition, has been forwarded to Major- General McPherson. During the absence of this expedition Major- General Canby arrived at this post and exhibited orders placing him in command of the Department of the Gulf and the Department of Arkansas, also giving him control of all troops on the east bank of the Mississippi. These orders give him entire control over me. His headquarters were established within the limits of his district, and he issued various orders which were promulgated throughout my command. Among others, he ordered me to hold myself in readiness to send him 2,000 men whenever called upon. This and other orders rendered it impossible for me to act upon some of the orders received from you relative

