
to the movements of troops. On the receipt of your telegram I at once ordered a force of 3,500 men toward Jackson, with a view of going out to- morrow and assuming the command of the expedition. To- day I am in receipt of a dispatch from General Canby ordering me to send the 2,000, men (ordered to be held in readiness) to the Department of the Gulf, which is utterly impossible, on account of my having sent away in obedience to your order all the forces that can with safety be spared from this post. I have refrained from writing on this subject, not because I felt satisfied with my position, but because I felt reluctant to thrust upon you at a time like this any subject calculated in any manner to increase your care or anxiety. I prefer to submit to having my junior in rank take up his headquarters within my district and issue orders to me, in conflict with those emanating from yourself and General McPherson, and do so without complaint. I have just written to General Canby that I cannot send the 2,000 men required by him. If I fail to accomplish what you suggest I am, in the language of your dispatch, "to expect no military favors from yourself or General Grant. " The penalty which General Canby proposes to inflict has not yet been announced. Without any particular desire to secure favors from yourself or any other parson, I shall continue faithful in the discharge of my duty, which, I think, you readily perceive a very disagreeable and difficult one when you compare the different orders issued to me by General Canby with those issued by yourself.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Vicksburg, Miss., July 2, 1864.

Colonel F. M. CRANDAL,

Commanding Forty- eighth U. S. Colored Infantry:

COLONEL: You will embark with your regiment, with as little delay as possible, on the boats of the Marine Brigade, taking your transportation, ten days' supplies, and a small number of intrenching tools. Colonel George M. Ziegler has been directed to report to you for orders. As soon as the two regiments are embarked you will report to Major General H. W. Slocum, commanding district, for instructions.

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

SAML. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

KNOXVILLE, July 4, 1864.

General WEBSTER,

Chief of Staff, Nashville:

If rebel deserters are turned loose so close to rebel lines as is Knoxville the place would soon be filled with spies, who could, under guise of deserters, come in with impunity. It is too expensive to hold and feed them, even should such course not deter them from deserting. The only safe course left is to send them to the rear. If any disposition can be made of them after reaching Chattanooga or Nashville they are still in hands of authorities and can be disposed of as I thought best.

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier General and Prov. March General of East Tennessee.

11 R R- VOL XXXIX, PT II

