
WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 4, 1864- 7. 45 p. m.

Major- General BURBRIDGE, Lexington, Ky.:

I have the pleasure of informing you that, for meritorious and distinguished service, you were, on the recommendation of this Department, nominated by the President as a major- general by breve, and the nomination was unanimously confirmed by the Senate.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., July 4, 1864.

Major- General SMITH, Commanding Expedition:

GENERAL: This will introduce Brigadier- General Hatch, who, if well enough, will go with you and take command of one brigade of cavalry. He knows the country like a book, and has had several turns with Forrest. He says after you leave Ripley if you go to Pontotoc you will find plenty of forage. I think your route should be via Ripley, New Albany, Pontotoc to Okolona, thence to Columbus. Tupelo is a strong place; make Forrest come out of it. After you get into the country about Okolona and Aberdeen, live on the country and save your hard bread to come back with. I send you a map.

I am, general, yours, truly,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, July 4, 1864.

Major General N. B. FORREST,

Commanding Confederate Forces:

GENERAL: In answer to your communication, dated June 30, 1864, received at the hands of Captain Jackson under flag of truce, I have the honor to state that the reports therein mentioned of the killing after capture of any of your men, to the best of my information and belief, are not true. I have examined both officers and men of the Seventh Kansas Cavalry and the Ninth Illinois Cavalry, and they deny positively having participated in, or having any knowledge of, any such occurrence. Citizens of the country who are at home peaceably pursuing their avocations have not bee, and shall not be, injured by my command. Should I find, however, that any of these citizens have so or forgotten the peaceable status they assume as to act temporarily as scouts or spies, I assure you they shall receive the punishment they deserve. I intend that the action of the army under my command be in accordance with the principles of civilized warfare, and the occasional outrages which will occur upon the assembling of so large a body of men together will not be by my order or approval, and shall be promptly punished upon coming to my notice. I send you herewith a copy of general orders* to my command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Major- General.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 5, Vol. XXXIV, Part II, p. 573.

---------------

