
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 6. La Grange, Tenn., July 4, 1864.

This command will be held in readiness to march early to- morrow morning, July 5. The infantry and artillery of this command will be provided with three days' rations, commencing on the 5th and ending on 7th. Proper requisitions will be immediately made out and the rations drawn. The cavalry will be provided with five days' rations It is also desirable that as much forage (particularly oats) should be carried as possible. Additional orders will be issued later in the day for the order of march.

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 9. La Grange, Tenn., July 4, 1864.

Commanding officers of regiments and companies will not permit any straggling from their respective commands on the march. The disgraceful manner in which our march was conducted on the day we marched to this camp must not be repeated. Commanding officers of companies will see that every man has his canteen filled with water before the hour of marching in order that the subterfuge of looking after water may be no excuse. Experience has proven to both officers and men that those who remain with their companies uniformly endure the march better than those who straggle. Firing of guns while on the march will not be permitted. Regimental and company officers will be held responsible for the non- fulfillment of this order, which will be published to each regiment before we enter upon the march.

By order of James I. Gilbert, colonel commanding brigade:

W. G. DONNAN,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 5, 1864- 4. 30 p. m.

Major- General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

The President has by proclamation of this date renewed the order suspending the writ of habeas corpus, and also declaring martial law in force in the State of Kentucky. * It is expected that you will spare no effort to protect loyal citizens, and carry into effect the enlistment of troops, white or black, and suppress treasonable and disloyal practices within your command.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 233, July 19, 1864, p. 180.

---------------

