
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 7 In the Field, near Ripley, Miss., July 7, 1864.

While in the enemy's country, with parties of the enemy's cavalry in our front, on our flank, and in our rear, all officers of this command will use their utmost endeavors to prevent straggling from the ranks. Regimental commanders will be held strictly responsible for the conduct of their men in this particular. The roll will be called on leaving camp in the morning, while on the march, at noon, and on arriving in camp at night, and all absentees from either of these stated roll- calls, unless by written permission of the regimental commander, will be reported through the proper channels to these headquarters, under guard, for punishment. There will be no necessity for straggling, as frequent halts will be made, and there must be none. A field officer of each regiment will march in the rear of his command and will see that this order is enforced.

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 24. Baker's Creek, Miss., July 7, 1864.

The troops of this command will be in readiness to move to- morrow morning at 4 o'clock. The Second Brigade, Fourth DIVISION, will take the advance. Commanding officers of brigades, chiefs of cavalry and artillery, will report to these headquarters at 3. 30 a. m. to- morrow. No bugle calls or beating of drums will be allowed.

By order of Brigadier General E. S. Dennis:

WM. E. KUHN,

Actin Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES of the UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., July 9, 1864- 9. a. m. (Received 2. p. m.)

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS, Quartermaster- General:

I can see no earthly object in opening the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Don't know where the troops are to come from the guard it if it was open. Who makes the requisition for rolling- \stock and material for it! To supply Sherman's army we now have two roads as far as the Tennessee River. Working the Memphis and Charleston road would give us three railroads to the same point, after which all supplies from the three railroads would have to pass over a single road. Unless there is some object in view that I do not see I would not approve putting any work on that road.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant- General.

BURKESVILLE, KY., July 9, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER, Assistant Adjutant- General:

Scouts just come in from Obey's River had a sharp fight with Captain Smith and Pardy. Killed Smith and 2 of his men; captured 2 and 6 horses.

J. W. WEATHERFORD,

Colonel Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry.

