HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ALABAMA,Decatur, July 9, 1864.

Brigadier- General WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Department of the Cumberland:

SIR: I have the honor to forward, for the information of the general commanding, two communications* found among many papers captured in Colonel Patterson's camp by troops sent out by me on the 30th of June . These would have been forwarded sooner, but I was called to Nashville by Major- General Rousseau. From reports, Patterson's brigade numbers between 600 and 700 men for duty; Roddey's DIVISION, about 2,800. In addition to Patterson's command, from all information I can get, there are 400 more up the river between this point and Stevenson. I have no doubt that by continuing the activity referred to in Colonel Patterson's letter we may be able not only to annoy the enemy, but to effectually stop him from dividing his force to cross the river for the purpose of making raids on the railroad or stealing from citizens. The constant firing upon the pickets at this post before I came here has ceased altogether, and the railroads have not been interrupted for a moment. We make it a point to attack the enemy somewhere along his lines on the south side of the river every day, invariably with success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier- General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF Vicksburg, Numbers 65. Vicksburg, Miss., July 9, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VI. Brigadier General Mason Brayman, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters for duty, is assigned to the command of the post and defenses of Natchez, relieving Colonel B. G. Farrar of that command. On being relieved Colonel Farrar will resume command of his regiment. Quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation for General Brayman and his staff.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major- General Slocum:

H. C. RODGERS,Assistant Adjutant- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 25. Big Black Bridge, Miss., July 9, 1864.

The troops of this command will move at 3 p. m. this day. The following will be the order of march: First, cavalry (except one regiment, which will bring up the rear of a the column); second, Second Brigade, First DIVISION; THIRD, artillery; fourth, Second Brigade, Fourth DIVISION; fifth, transportation; sixth, the Thirtieth Regiment Missouri Infantry, of Second Brigade, First DIVISION; seventh, pontoon train. Ambulances and ammunition wagons will follow their respective regiments.

By order of Brigadier General E. S. Dennis:

WM. E. KUHN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

---------------

*See Pillow to Mead, June 15; Ellis to Roddey, June 18; Roddey to Patterson, June 25; and Patterson to Roddey, June 27, post.

---------------

