HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Vicksburg, Miss., July 9, 1864.

Brigadier General I. F. SHEPARD, Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: You will place your entire command in readiness to march at 4 o'clock to- morrow morning. The men will carry on their persons five days' small rations (no meat) and sixty rounds of ammunition per man. The men will take no baggage except one blanket each; no cooking utensils will be required except cups for coffee, which the men can carry on their persons. No tents or baggage will be allowed for officers that will require transportation. Officers must confine themselves to what they can carry. Your picket will be relieved this p. m. All fatigue details and all details except permanent ones will be called in.

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

SAML. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

(Same to Colonel H. Scofield, Second Brigade.)
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Vicksburg, Miss., July 9, 1864.

Captain ROBERT RANNEY,

Commanding Battery C, Second U. S. Colored Light Artillery:

CAPTAIN: You will please have the entire effective force of your company in readiness to march at 4 o'clock to- morrow morning, equipped as infantry. The men will carry on their person five days' small rations (no meat) and sixty rounds of ammunition per man. The men will take no baggage except one blanket each. No cooking utensils will be required except cups for coffee, which the men can carry on their persons. No tents nor baggage will be allowed for officers that will require transportation. Officers must confine themselves to what they can carry. Your men will be relieved from fatigue this p. m. You will report in person to Brigadier General I. F. Shepard, commanding First brigade, without delay for further instructions.

By order of Brigadier General J. P. HAWKINS:

SAML. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

CATLETTSBURG, July 10, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER, Assistant Adjutant- General:

Rebel forces captured and sunk three barges hay this morning within four miles of Louisa. Swore the crew to transport no more Govrnment supplies on Sandy River. Captain Sowards is in pursuit with all the force he can spare from Louisa.

A. J. ALLEN,

Captain and Assistant 	Quartermaster.

MEMPHIS, TENN., July 11, 1864.

(Received 9. 30 p. m. 13th.)

Hon EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Do you sanction my orders in regard to excluding supplies from traitors and preventing them from bringing in and selling cotton! If so, I hope that the gun- boats may not be allowed to order transports to and at unoccupied points on the river and take up cotton purchased

