
of traitors, as they are doing. I have ordered that no transport shall land except to wood between the mouth of White River and Cairo except at a military post. Shall that order be enforced, or shall cotton thieves and speculators, whether in or out of the Army and Navy, be allowed to abuse our patience!

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major- General.

[JULY 11, 1864. - For Canby to Washburn, in reply to dispatch of July 5 (p. 164), see Vol. XLI.]

ROOMS OF PADUCAH COUNCIL, Numbers 3,

UNION LEAGUE OF AMERICA,

Paducah, Ky., July 11, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of WEST Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: We, the undersigned, officers of this council of the Union League of America, are requested by the council to write to you in reference to the present condition of affairs in this city. As the case now stands large quantities of goods of all descriptions are going from this post to the interior, and of course the articles find their way into the hands of rebels. Rebels are doing all the business, and they are reaping all the advantages of trade. The true Union men of this section of country were pleased with your former orders concerning trade, and we are satisfied in our own minds that if you were acquainted with the condition of affairs here, and could see the present workings of men who are now and ever have been enemies to the Government, you would at once bring about a change that would benefit the Union men and the Union cause. We have heard with pleasure the probability of our old and tried friend, General Paine, being assigned to command here and to have his headquarters in Paducah, and from him we hope and expect to obtain relief. We respectfully ask at your hands that you direct or permit General Paine to issue his orders relative to trade in Paducah according to his best judgment, believing as we do that he, being here upon the spot and being somewhat acquainted with the people here, will be able to protect Union men, and give traitors and secret Southern sympathizers their just dues. The members of this council of the Union League of America are residents of this Congressional district (First), consisting of fourteen counties. We have stood by our Union through weal and woe for the past three years of this terrible struggle, and we earnestly hope the military authorities will give us the protection we need and resp honor to answer this communication, directing it to John Perkins, secretary, Paducah Council, Numbers 3, Union League of America.

We are, general, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

WM. H. KIDD,

President pro tempore.

THOMAS BARCHETT,

Vice- President.

JOHN PERKINS,

Secretary.

[JULY 11, 1864. - For Canby to Slocum, in relation to preparing white troops for active service, &amp;c., see Vol. XLI.]

