
LEXINGTON, KY., July 16, 1864.

Governor O. P. MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

Another rebel invasion of this State is imminent. If you have any regiments to spare, please send them at once to report to Lieutenant- Colonel Fairleigh, at Louisville. Answer.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major- General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF Kentucky, AND Numbers 59. 5TH DIVISION, 23rd ARMY CORPS, Lexington, Ky., July 16, 1864.

The rapid increase in this district of lawless bands of armed men engaged in interrupting railroad and telegraphic communications, plundering and murdering peaceful Union Citizens, destroying the mails, &amp;c., calls for the adoption of stringent measures on the part of the military authorities for their suppression. Therefore, all guerrillas, armed prowler, by whatever name they may be known, and rebel sympathizers are hereby admonished that in future stern retaliatory measures will by adopted and strictly enforced, whenever the lives or property of peaceful citizens are jeopardized by the lawless acts of such men. Rebel sympathizers living within five miles of any scene of outrage committed by armed men not recognized as public enemies by the rules and usages of war, will be arrested and sent beyond the limits of the United States, in accordance with instructions from the major- general commanding the Military DIVISION of the Mississippi. So much of the property of rebel sympathizers as may be necessary to indemnify the Government or loyal citizens for losses incurred by the acts of such lawless men will be seized and appropriated for this purpose. Whenever an unarmed Union citizen is murdered four guerrillas will be selected from the prisoners in the hands of the military authorities and publicly shot to death in the most convenient place near the scene of outrage.

By command of Bvt. Major G en. S. G. Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant- General.

LEXINGTON, KY., July 16, 1864.

Colonel HANSON,

Mount Sterling, Ky.:

What information have you! It is reported rebels have passed in above you. How far and on what roads have your scouts been!

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant- General.

MOUNT STERLING, July 16, 1864- 3 p. m.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

I have no information as to any large body of rebels being in the State. Within the last few days my scouts have been to Owingsville, across

