
for his instructions. The Secretary of the Treasury being absent, the President has delayed giving any instructions until he returns, so that there can be a full consideration of the subject. Mr. Fessenden is daily expected, and the conclusion of the President will be communicated to you at the earliest moment. Your orders accord with my own judgment, but the matter must abide the President's determination.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

LA GRANGE, July 17, 1864.

Major- General WASHBURN:

SIR: The best information I have places General Smith between New Albany and Pontotoc on the 10th instant. Two intelligent negroes from Noxubee County came in this morning who heard Smith's drums north of Pontotoc, but could not get to him on account of the enemy's scouts. They report that they saw trains of wagons and heavy guns run past their place to Meridian. Forrest had called for citizens, from fifteen to sixty- five, to hold his horses while his soldiers fought. Their young master had gone. These men saw white men who said they had seen Smith's column. I shall send a cavalry scout to Ripley or below for information to- day.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier- General.

WASHINGTON, July 18, 1864- 11. 30 a. m.

Brevet Major- General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

Your proposition [of June 30] to enforce in Kentucky General Grant's General Orders, Numbers 4, of November 5, 1863,* is approved.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General, Chief of Staff.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., July 18, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE:

I cannot well spare the dismounted cavalry required just now, but expect to be able to do so when we get Atlanta, which should be by the 1st of August. What day is fixed for the insurrection in Kentucky, or how soon have you reason to expect it! I have supposed that a formidable invasion could not be organized within several weeks. If possible, the Governors of loyal States should give you the necessary aid in defending Kentucky, so as not to diminish the army in the field, until we shall have accomplished our great object.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major- General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXI, Part III, p. 58.

---------------

