HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, Ky., July 18, 1864.

Colonel John MASON BROWN,

Commanding Second Brigade:

Pursuant to instructions from General Burbridge, you will concentrate your brigade at once at Boonesborough, on the Kentucky River, without delay, and keep out scouts to Big Hill and Irvine, to get early information of any rebel force approaching in that direction. You will keep up communication with Colonel Hanson, at Mount Sterling, and Co. S. B. Brown, at Winchester, and these headquarters, by courier lines.

By order of Brigadier- General McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

LEXINGTON, KY., July 18, 1864.

Brigadier General S. S. FRY, Camp Nelson, Ky.:

Rebels are believed to be about making a formidable raid in the eastern part of Kentucky, and may have already entered the State, though of this we have no positive information. Troops at Boonesborough, Winchester, and Mount Sterling, with scouts well out. Have the camp well guarded and your forces kept well in hand ready for any emergency.

By order of Brevet Major- General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, July 18, 1864 (Received 10 a. m. 20th.)

The SECRETARY OF WAR:

The expedition of Major General A. J. Smith has been a complete success. He met Lee, Forrest, and Walker near Tupelo. He fought them for three days, thoroughly whipping and routing them. I quote the following from his dispatch to me, dated yesterday, at new Albany, Miss.:

We met Lee and Walker at Tupelo, and whipped them badly on three different days. Our loss is small when compared with the rebel loss. I bring back everything in good order; nothing lost.

A scout who has since come into La Grange reports the triumph of our arms complete, and the loss of the enemy at 2,500 men.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major- General.

(Same to General Sherman.)

MEMPHIS, July 18, 1864.

Major- General McPHERSON, Commanding, &amp;c.:

The expedition of Major General A. J. Smith has been a complete success. He met Lee, Forrest, and Walker near Tupelo. He fought them for three days, whipping and routing them. I quote the following from his dispatch to me, dated yesterday:

We met Lee and Walker at Tupelo, and whipped them badly on three different days. Our loss is small when compared with the rebel loss. I bring back everything in good order; nothing lost.

