
A scout who has since come into La Grange reports triumph of our arms is complete, and the loss of the rebels at 2,500 men. It will be one week before General Smith with his troops will arrive here. I shall put them in complete marching order with the least possible delay. What with the Sturgis disaster, and the past twenty days' hard service with Smith, my cavalry must be very much run down. As soon as they recuperate a little I shall pay my respects to General Shelby, who is north of White River, in Arkansas, with 2,500 mounted men.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major- General.

LA GRANGE, July 18, 1864.

Major- General WASHBURN:

General Smith's chief of scouts, Jerry, has just arrived. General Smith has whipped Forrest thoroughly, inflicting a loss of 2,500. He will be at Salem to- morrow. Five days' rations for 15,000 men wanted. Send two days' rations for same number by extra train immediately.

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier- General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 233. Washington, July 19, 1864.

By the President of the United States of America:

A proclamation to suspend writ of habeas corpus, and establishing martial law in Kentucky.

Whereas, by a proclamation which was issued on the 15th day of April, 1861, the President of the United States announced and declared that the laws of the United States had been, for some time past, and then were, opposed, and the execution thereof obstructed, in certain States therein mentioned, by combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary curse of judicial proceedings, or by the powers vested in the marshals by law;

And whereas, immediately after the issuing of the said proclamation, the land and naval forces of the United States were put into activity to suppress the said insurrection and rebellion;

And whereas the Congress of the United States, by an act approved on the 3rd day of March, 1863, did enact that during the said rebellion the President of the United States, whenever in his judgment the public safety may require it, is authorized to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus in any case throughout the United States, or in any part thereof;

And whereas the said insurrection and rebellion still continues, endangering the existence of the Constitution and Government of the United States;

And whereas, the military forces of the United States are now actively engaged in suppressing the said insurrection and rebellion in various parts of the States where the said rebellion has been successful in obstructing the laws and public authorities, especially in the States of Virginia and Georgia;

