
ton and General Heintzelman have responded promptly to my application for troops. The conspiracy referred to is much more formidable in Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois, than in Kentucky.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major- General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, KY., July 20, 1864.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Columbus, Ohio:

I get no further definite information concerning the anticipated raid. If you can spare the troops sent to Paris I would like for them to remain there awhile. They cover Covington at that point, and can continue to report as usual to you.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major- General.

NASHVILLE, July 20, 1864.

Major- General SHERMAN:

On the 1st instant I telegraphed you that General Sturgis protested against appointment of commission at Memphis to investigate causes of failure of his expedition. General Brayman, General Buckland, and Colonel Kappner comprise the Board. General Sturgis again protests by letter against the proceedings as ex parte and iniquitous, and appeals to you for protection against them. Shall I send you the papers!

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier- General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 20, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

Your telegram of the 7th has been received. * You have already been advised that the force intended for the operations against Mobile have been sent to the Army of the Potomac. I am now preparing a smaller force to act in co- operation with the Navy in an attack which Admiral Farragut will make in that harbor. This force will be ready in six days, and, although much smaller than was contemplated originally, will no doubt have a good effect. General Asboth, at Pensacola, has been advised of General Rousseau's expedition, and will be prepared for it. Forage and subsistence will be sent to Pensacola, and transportation held in readiness to be sent as soon as I hear of his arrival. The diversion of so large a force from this command will limit our movements very materially, but I will do whatever I can to facilitate yours.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major- General, Commanding

---------------

*See Vol. XXXVIII, Part V, p. 84.

---------------

