
WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 20, 1864- 3 p. m. (Received 22d.)

Major- General WASHBURN, Memphis:

The following note has just been received by this Department from the Secretary of State. He says that foreigners refusing to perform military duty on the ground of alienage may be required to depart from your command, but cannot properly be subjected to arrest and punishment, the option being with them to stay and perform duty or to leave the country:

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, July 20, 1864.

Hon EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I suggest that General Orders, Numbers 23, issued by Major- General Washburn, be modified, so that foreigners claiming exemption from the Memphis militia by reason of alienage, instead of being arrested and punished, may be notified to leave the city of Memphis and the military district under command of General Washburn within twenty- four hours after such notice is served- not to return within said command until the said order, as amended, is revoked or modified, or until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

The modification of your order suggested by the Secretary of State will probably serve your purpose, and you will please, therefore, conform to his suggestion, in order to avoid difficulties with foreign governments. Please acknowledge the receipt of this instruction, and forward a copy of your modified order.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., July 20, 1864- 9 p. m.

(Received 22d.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN, Memphis, Tenn.:

Order Smith to pursue and keep after Forrest all the time. The papers announce his moving from Tupelo for Ripley, but I suppose he went to replenish his supplies. Even the Atlanta papers do not claim for Lee and Forrest a victory, although they report Smith as retreating badly whipped. Rousseau has reached the railroad at Opelika, and I am closing in upon Atlanta, having destroyed its eastern road, and now enveloping the town from the east to the WEST on the north side, my lines being within two miles and a half. I think a few more days will bring matters to a crisis. Johnston is relieved and Hood succeeds to the command.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,La Grange, July 20, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Headquarters, Memphis:

I have just arrived with my supply train and colored brigade. My two DIVISIONS encamp to- night at Davis' Mills, six miles from here, and will be in early in the morning. I wait your further instructions.

A. J. SMITH,

Major- General.

