
spected all these troops in marching order, and found many of them, especially the white infantry troops and the Sixty- THIRD and Sixty- fourth U. S. Infantry (Colored), in indifferent condition as to arms, accouterments, discipline, instruction, competency of officers, &amp;c. In the former many were deficient in bayonets, some without cartridge- boxes, many with unserviceable ones, some were entirely unarmed, and this latter was also especially the case in the cavalry, who, with an aggregate present at the post of about 900, report only 220 serviceable horses, 460 serviceable carbines, 422 serviceable revolvers, and 490 serviceable sabers.

The artillery, although under good instruction and discipline, is entirely deficient in horses, having a four- gun battery, and only horses enough to move the pieces without caissons, battery wagon, or forge. I found eleven four- horse teams in the cavalry command, and as the horses were reported unserviceable for cavalry command, and as the horses were reported unserviceable for cavalry, and I judged them fit for artillery, I ordered them to be turned over to it. Many horses are also in possession of the depot quartermaster, some in possession of officers and of temporarily mounted troops of the Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (Colored). I have ordered these to be turned over to the cavalry, and the commanding officer has also seized all serviceable horses in this city and vicinity. There are also at the post cavalry arms and equipments to outfit about 100 men. It is supposed that by these means the greater part of the cavalry regiment will be made serviceable. There are enough arms and equipments in depot here to furnish all the infantry who are at present unequipped; the fact of their being in their present condition is attributable only to neglect of duty on the part of the officers. It is not to be concealed that the frequent change of commanders, and the neglect of one of them at least (Brigadier- General Tuttle, lately resigned), whose attention is represented to have been engrossed by efforts for personal gain, has operated to effect a destruction of discipline and order in the command which has resulted in all the evils and abuses consequent on relaxation, and on men following the example of unworthy officers. It is expected that Brigadier- General Brayman, who has now assumed command of the post, will be undisturbed in his command, and that his efforts to reduce things to system, order, regularity, and wholesome restraint, both with regard to troops and disloyal persons, will be seconded and sustained by all his superiors; and that appeals against his authority, decisions, and orders, coming as they will from the loose and dissolute, and from the crowd of sharpers who, swelling with professed patriotism, whilst managing to fill their own pockets by dishonest means, will not be listened to or entertained. From by observations of the characteristics of the now commander, I fell sure that if left permanently here and made somewhat independent he will succeed in reforming very many abuses and corruptions, and prevent the occurrence of new ones. I have mentioned Brigadier- General Tuttle- he has resigned- and as his administration here occurred prior to the Military DIVISION of WEST MISSISSIPPI I have not thought proper to take testimony as to his conduct; but it has been offered to me here, and the whole community is filled with open talk of is having enriched himself by collusion with an agent of the Treasury Department and by constant malfeasance in office. I am informed by General Brayman's assistant adjutant- general that Captain Lorenzo Thomas, Jr., First U. S. Artillery, can produce at least ten witnesses residing here, who will make affidavit to having paid Tuttle many thousands of dollars; and, if it was thought desirable still to pursue the investigation, evidence can undoubtedly be had here in

