
the remainder unserviceable. They had three six- mule teams; harness very old and rotten, and should be replaced by new. Instruction good. Inspected at 6 a. m. July 15 the Twenty- ninth Illinois Veteran Infantry. All the re- enlisted veterans (aggregate 345) are home on furlough and will not return for about five weeks. Aggregate effective men at the post, 381. They knew nothing about Orders 4, 5 1\2, 6, and 7, expect one officer in the regiment who had seen Numbers 4 somewhere, therefore there were no preparations under it. Arms of one company in very fine order, remainder in good firing order; many bayonets gone; clothing ordinary; some cartridge- boxes. Knapsacks, canteens, and haversacks wanting. Discipline tolerable, considering the absence of so many officers; manual good. They had eight six- mule wagons, which were old and much worn, but all the animals at the post are in fine condition.

Inspected at 8 a. m. July 15 the Fourth Illinois Cavalry. Aggregate effective force her, 806. Only 220 serviceable horses; 290 unserviceable. Many men unequipped and unarmed; clothing tolerably good; discipline and general condition good. There is no suitable drill ground here and therefore the regiment is not well drilled. Many recruits were never yet mounted. They had eleven four- horse teams, one tow- horse team, eight four- mule teams and one six- mule team. There wee 8 public horses in possession of officers, viz, Captain Wallace, 2; Captain Smith, 2; Captain Wardlaw, 2; Lieutenant Allshouse, 1; Captain Hitt, 1.

Inspected at 5 p. m. July 15 the FIFTY- eighth U. S. Infantry (Colored). Aggregate effective strength at the post, 674. They were armed with new Springfield muskets, and they were in fine condition. A few cartridge-boxes and bayonet scabbards were wanting, but otherwise the equipment was good. Many haversacks and canteens wanting, owing to articles having been destroyed in the post hospital. Sanitary condition good; discipline good; instruction fair; officers good. As soon as it can be relieved from its constant fatigue and working parties on fortifications, &amp;c., and can have time for instruction and drill, it promises to make a fine regiment., It had three six- mule teams and two four- mule teams.

Inspected at 6 a. m. July 16 the Sixth U. S. Heavy Artillery (Colored). Aggregate effective strength at this place, 1,107. In about the same condition as the FIFTY- eight. They had two 12- pounder howitzers with horses and equipment, in addition to their infantry arms. Five six- mule teams.

Inspected at 9 a. m. July 16 the Seventy- first U. S. Infantry (Colored). Aggregate effective strength at the post, 283. There are seven companies, one of which is yet new and not armed. This is an incomplete regiment and promises to be a good one. It was in good condition and discipline and performed the manual well. Sanitary condition good and quarters in good order. The fatigue and working parties called for from the regiment are so large and frequent that it has but little opportunity to drill.

Inspected at 5 p. ml. July 16 the Seventieth U. S. Infantry (Colored).

Aggregate effective strength at the post, 139. This is a new regiment and has only two companies as yet. They are good ones and may be remarked as the same as the Seventy- first.

Inspected on the 14th and 16th of July the Sixty- THIRD and Sixty- fourth U. S. Infantry (Colored). This is an inefficient detachment of nine companies from two regiments. Aggregate strength at the post, 630. Many useless soldiers, old, crippled, sick, and unserviceable. In

