
I do not doubt that the Secretary of War has authorized General Thomas to use his name in giving orders I the specific duty n which he is engaged, in the organization of negro troops, but I must be permitted to doubt the fact of the authority having been granted to use such a liberty in granting special privileges an liberties and taking special jurisdiction whenever his judgment may dictate, in matters within the commands of regularly assigned commanders, thus overriding their authority, and in fact assuming a superior command not proper for a staff officer to attempt to exercise. I doubt the propriety of yielding to such a claim of the general to give special orders and permits, which he has done in many and peculiar instances, in particular cases, when it is obvious and certain that he never consulted the Secretary on the point or received any authority from him. Still more must I doubt that the Secretary entertains the idea that General Thomas delegates to a young officer on his staff when he is a thousand miles away the privilege and power of placing his name at the bottom of an order to override the authority of a commanding officer, and grant privileges to persons of undoubted disloyalty, who impertinently and defiantly refuse to acknowledge allegiance to the Government which protects, favors, and supports them. At all events, it is not to be imagined that the astonishment of the Secretary of War would not be great at the discovery of his name at the bottom of a pass to procure a barrel of whisky from the commissary store for use on a private plantation. I have mentioned the se matters plainly because I believe these abuses contain the seeds of dangerous growth. The annoyances of commanders are great at such interferences, if they are not warranted by proper authority, an if they are, then it is proper they should be relieved of their perplexities when cases arise, the propriety of which they honestly doubt, by the publuthral Thomas exercises whilst he is absent from the seat of Government, and is not in reality performing the duties, though he may fill the place of Adjutant-General.

The quartermaster's department of the post was examined into by me, but the incumbent has just entered on his duties. his predecessor was sent away suddenly in arrest, and Captain Perce has arrived here in his absence, and entered into possession and commenced labor by inventory, &amp;c. The number of persons and articles hired was verified and is considered large for the post, but it is being reduced by Captain Perce. he has now in all 107. Since I have been here a boat load of hay has arrived in disgraceful condition, showing negligence at some point above here.

The arrangements and accounts of the commissary department are neat and complete, and the duty very efficiently administered. Having heard very much to arouse my suspicions I have looked very scrutinizingly into his affairs, especially of fresh beef, by repeated examinations without discovering abuses which were supposed to exist. For one matter I have given him reproof and admonition. A man by the name of Paul has been permitted to go outside the lines and collect cattle by theft, and has brought them in and received pay for them in large amounts, when it was known that the cattle could not be his own property. Whisky, from the subsistence department, is more plentifully used here than it ought to be, upward of 500 gallons having been sold to officers during the month of june, and about the same amount issued to the troops. The ordnance department here is well supplied and in excellent order; it does credit to the officer in charge.

