
I submit this report with the consciousness that there is much evil to unmask, which I cannot discover to view. An aptitude, and experience, and great length of time are necessary; these necessary requisites are not mine. I have every desire to "hold the mirror up," but think that several officers of proper qualifications should pursue laboriously and slowly the investigations of the matters indicated if it is thought best. By a sufficient process Judge Hart, who has been compelled to make some disclosures to save himself, and has bee allowed apparently to go free, can be followed to Saint Louis, where it is understood he has invested his money, and can be so placed again in jeopardy as to compel him to disclose all he know, not only with regard to General Tuttle, but others whose peculations have been concerned in trade stores, &amp;c. A long course of evil practices by cunning men makes it necessary that smaller fields of work should be assigned to a greater number of officers, who could patiently pursue their purpose without feeling that they were remaining away from duties which are awaiting their attention elsewhere. As for myself, it is not my purpose to originate charges or to attempt to prove and substantiate reports which are public talk and common as the daily new, but I have merely in a general way endeavored to point out the way, in obeying the instructions I have received, to "unmask much of the evil that has so long existed under official sanction on the river. " I intend to proceed to Vicksburg by the first boat, and if the course I have pursued does not meet the entire approbation of the major- general commanding I trust I may receive full particulars at that point by return of mail.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major- General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] SPECIAL ORDERS, GOODRICH LANDING, LA., Numbers 99. November 5, 1863.

I. Colonel John Eaton, Jr., of Ninth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers of African Descent, is hereby authorized to raise a second regiment of colored troops in the department of Tennessee, to be designated the Seventh Regiment Louisiana Volunteers of African Decent. The regiment will be composed of such men as may be incapacitated for active service in the field, but who are otherwise fitted for ordinary garrison duty. Colonel Eaton is authorized to recruit for this regiment in any of the camps for colored people within the department, including Arkansas. Commanding officers are directed to facilitate him in his endeavors to fill up this regiment with as little delay as possible.

By order of Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant- General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Natchez, Miss., July 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to call your attention to the fact that Mrs. Elliott, a lady of prominence in this community, and her two sons, residents of this city, after failing to obtain a pass from these headquarters

13 R R- VOL XXXIX, PT II

