
to leave the district by reason of not taking the oath of allegiance as prescribed by existing orders, was permitted to go North upon a pass issued by Captain Thomas, First Artillery, aide- de- camp to Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant- General, which pass was written in the following language:

NATCHEZ, MISS., July 8, 1864.

Mrs. Elliott has permission to go to any place in the United States with her two sons. Her trunk and baggage will not be subject to inspection or search.

By order of the Secretary of War.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant- General.

L. THOMAS, JR.,

Captain First Artillery, Aide- de- Camp.

I feel satisfied that Captain Thomas was cognizant of the fact that this pass had been repeatedly requested at these headquarters and as often positively refused upon the ground stated above, and that his action in giving it without the sanction of this office was a direct violation of orders governing this command. I further question his authority to sign by order of the Secretary of War, and, believing that his course is prejudicial to the interests of the command and subversive of every rule prescribed by the general commanding for its governance, I have ordered him to report to you in arrest, for such action as the commanding general may think proper.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. G. FARRAR,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 47. Natchez, Miss., July 9, 1864.

* * * * * * *

III. Captain L. Thomas, First Artillery, U. S. Army, aide- de- camp, is hereby directed to proceed forth with to Vicksburg, Miss., to report in arrest to Major- General Slocum, commanding that district. Quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation.

By command of B. G. Farrar, colonel commanding:

JAS. E. MONTGOMERY,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.] NATCHEZ, MISS., July 19, 1864.

Brigadier General MASON BRAYMAN,

Commanding Sub- District of Natchez:

Having, under special instructions from the major- general commanding the Military DIVISION of WEST Mississippi, completed an inspection of the troops, &amp;c., under your immediate command, I have now to communicate to you the following views and instructions from him. The command, over which you have within a very few days assumed control, has not been fund in good order and condition, and exhibits a lack of system, which can but be the result of negligence and carelessness under some former commander. It is not doubted that the evident zeal and ability you bring to your work will speedily repair all defects and reform all abuses. Whilst the quartermaster's department appears

