
Natchez I found evidences of everything connected with the proper administration of military affairs having been entirely neglected. A total lack of discipline among the troops, and an entire absence of that strict attention to orders and regulations which alone can insure efficiency, and render soldiers worthy of the name. A large proportion of the troops were quartered in the city, and under no restrictions whatever, but allowed to roam at will throughout the city at all hours of the day and night. The natural consequence was that assaults, robberies, and incendiary fires were matters of almost daily occurrence. I immediately took the first step toward correcting those evils by ordering all the troops quartered in the city within the limits of Fort McPherson, and issuing imperative orders that no officer or soldier should be permitted to pass outside of the fortifications during the day without proper authority, and that no one should be passed out after retreat, and the result of those measures showed itself in the facts that no incendiary fire took place after the THIRD day of assuming command, and that assaults, robberies, and misdemeanors by soldiers of my command became matters of very rare occurrence. I found guard duty and all other duties of a soldier performing a very careless, slovenly, and negligent manner, and with an utter disregard to military appearance and the rules laid down for the guidance of all. Orders were issued almost daily to the different commanding officers, calling their attention to the many evils existing in their commands, and requiring a more strict observance of their duty, and holding them strictly responsible for all neglect of duty on the part of their man, and to all who wee familiar with the condition of the command when turned over to me it is plainly evident that those orders had at least a portion of the desired effect. The pursuit of selfish interests, to the utter neglect of the interests of the service, seems to have claimed the entire atteander, and the task left to me of restoring the command to a proper state of efficiency and discipline was one of no small proportions, and a work of labor an time, and whilst some reformation has been effected, much yet remains to be done, and I regret that it has been almost impossible to effect much more during the period of my holding command, so that the general commanding might have found everything in a more efficient condition. Assuring you of my earnest co- operation in the work of reformation,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. G. FARRAR,

Colonel, Commanding.

LA GRANGE, July 21, 1864- 8. 40 a. m.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

I have just received your telegram of the 19th congratulating us on our success. * Regret I did not receive it sooner. My troops are all in and will be ready to commence embarking as soon as the trains arrive. I will start my land transportation in the morning. I will come in as soon as it is practicable for me to leave. How many trains will be sent out to- day!

A. J. SMITH,

Major- General.

---------------

*Dispatch not found.

---------------

