HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,La Grange, July 21, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. MOWER,

Commanding First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to state to you that one train will be here at 10. 30 and one at 11. 40 a. m. this morning, and he desires that you send two regiments or more into Memphis on each train. Their baggage can be loaded on the same train and their transportation will be sent overland with a cavalry escort. he does not know the size of the train, but desires that as many troops be sent in as they can carry.

Hold your DIVISION in readiness to move to- day.

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,La Grange, Tenn., July 21, 1864.

Colonel D. MOORE,

Commanding THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that the batteries of your command be stretched out on the Moscow road in readiness to move toward Memphis at 7 a. m. to- morrow. They should be provided with three days' rations and forage.

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

LOUISVILLE, July 22, 1864.

(Received 4. 25 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Mr. Guthrie, president of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, had, by letter and dispatch, asked that you would supply him with 300 repeating rifles, those of Henry preferred, for the use of the employees of the road. This is a matter of much importance and urgency. The increase of guerrilla bands has been such that unless those engaged in running the trains are armed it will not be possible much longer to retain them in the service. General Burbridge and Colonel Fairleigh favor the application which has been made, and as the Government has a deep interest in the protection of this road and the trains, which have of late been frequently stopped and fired into by guerrillas, it is hoped that prompt action may be taken.

J. HOLT.

NASHVILLE, July 22, 1864.

Major- General SHERMAN:

Would it not be well for you to call the attention of the navy commander to the necessity of patrolling the Cumberland from Smithland to foot of Ingram's Shoals, near Canton, and the Tennessee from the mouth to terminus of Northwestern road! We are beginning to do a good deal of work by this last route, 3,000 sacks of grain, for example, received this a. m., and it is very important to us now that the Cumberland is down. I patrol the river with my gun- boats from Nashville to Ingram's Shoals. The address of the naval commander is Captain Le Roy Fitch, commanding DIVISION gun- boats, Smithland, Ky.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster.

