
U. S. Colored Infantry has been directed to have his command in readiness to move at that hour, and to report to Colonel Crandal for orders. A section of artillery has been detached from Colonel Lieb's command, and will also move out under the commanding officer of the infantry. On the arrival of the forces at Big Black the commanding officer will report to Brigadier General E. S. Dennis. If he has moved from there they will proceed to Edwards' Depot. The troops will carry three days' rations in haversacks and three in wagons.

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

SAML. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, U. S. COLORED TROOPS,Vicksburg, Miss., May 9, 1864.

Colonel H. SCOFIELD,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: You will please direct the commanding officer of the Fiftieth U. S. Colored Infantry to have his command in readiness to move to Big Black to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock, and to report in person to Colonel F. M. Crandal, Forty-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, for orders. The troops will carry three days' rations in haversacks and three in wagons. All details from this regiment must be relieved by details from other regiments of your command to-night, so that they may accompany the expedition in the morning.

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

SAML. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, May 10, 1864.

Captain John C. CRANE,

Assistant Quartermaster:

SIR: Several messenger report the commencement of destructive operations by guerrillas. I have thought it my duty, as tending very much to protect Government property, and by advice received at the office of the post commander, to make you a report, and to solicit your attention to some considerations respecting them.

A stone, as an intimation of the commencement of operations, was laid upon the track May 4 between Franklin and Spring Hill. But the principal field of their present operations seems to be between Stevenson and Huntsville, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and along the Tennessee and Alabama Railroad. They have since the above date twice fired into trains, and in the last instance killed the engineer and fireman. The unfortunate engineer, although mortally wounded, conducted his train our of the reach of miscreants, and died. A messenger has also reported, since I began this communication, that a very alarming attempt was made to destroy the bridge at Elkmont, about forty miles this side of Huntsville. And another has reported that the telegraph wire was cut on Sunday, and a rail laid upon the track to throw off a train, upon the same railroad; and that a considerable quantity of cord wood was set on fire in several places between here and Franklin.

If these miscreant operations are allowed to go on and increase in this ratio, may not some serious impediment soon be interposed to your

