
garrison equipage can be loaded upon the same train with the troops. The wagons will go overland in charge of a cavalry escort, to be furnished by Brigadier-General Hatch. It is desired that you be as expeditious as practicable in moving your command. The general commanding will go in this morning. This post will be under the command of Brigadier- General Hatch until our troops are all in.

I am, colonel., very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,La Grange, Tenn, July 22, 1864.

Colonel D. MOORE,

Commanding THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

COLONEL: The major- general commanding directs that you march by the nearest route with your command to Collierville, and embark on the trains from that point to Memphis. You will move as early as possible, keeping everything well closed up. You will take charge of and take with your command all trains of wagons that belong to the SIXTEENTH Army Corps, leaving nothing at this point.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

WASHINGTON, July 23, 1864- 3 p. m.

Lieutenant- General GRANT:

Governor Bramlette applies to have an order, issued in compliance with your request, prohibiting the sending of arms into Kentucky, relaxed so far as to allow the State authorities to receive arms for which they have made contracts and which had been partially supplied previous to the order. THE arms are mostly Ballard rifles, and, as he says, are intended exclusively for Kentucky troops now serving under General Burbridge. Ought they to be allowed to go forward!

C. A. DANA.

Assistant Secretary of War.

LOUNDON, July 23, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

It was reported here last night that Thomas was up on Tellico River with a force of Indians and rebs, reported from 100 to 300, about twenty- six miles from here. I immediately sent a scout of fifteen men under a commissioned officer to ascertain their location and strength. They will report every twelve hours by courier. Will keep you advised. Scout left here at midnight.

M. L. PATTERSON,

Lieutenant- Colonel.

