
concede to him superior knowledge of the pressing necessities at local points. Therefore when he orders troops, comply with his orders, and report the troops not as transferred but as detached, and keep him advised of the tenor and purpose of any general instructions or orders from the commander of the Department of the Tennessee or from me. Our command is on the east bank and General Canby's on the WEST the War Department has wisely ordered that for the protection of the great interests, as it were afloat on that river, General Canby's orders to local garrisons are good. If, as I hope will not be the case, an absolute conflict should arise, I think our commands to you would be superior, but if good sense and feeling prevail, I do not apprehend any real conflict, for the protection of the river and its commerce, which is common to our commands must always take precedence over any mere inland expedition.

You will have heard with pain and sorrow that General McPherson was killed day before yesterday at the beginning of a battle brought on by Hood, who attacked our left as we were closing our lines on Atlanta. General McPherson had the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Corps in line, conforming to the enemy's works, and was moving Dodge's troops obliquely by the flank to the left to form, as it were, a shoulder. General McPherson was crossing one of those valleys by a road or wood path by, as it were, a diagonal, to reach the left flank of General Blair, doubtless to prepare a place for General Dodge, and he must have encountered the advanced line of the enemy's skirmishers, who preceded the column which had reached the rear of the line of General Blair. He was shot through the breast, high up from the right side. He fell dead from his horse but a few yards from the road or path. We soon got his body and sent it to the rear and to the North. He was a noble, gallant gentlemen, and the best hope for as great soldier that I had in my mind's eye. You will find many a moist eye in Vicksburches Vicksburg. General Logan is in command of the army in the field, but the President must name his successor. In the mean time execute his general orders, and in all matters of detail your own good sense must direct.

Butterfield, is home sick. Ward, Geary, and Williams command Hooker's DIVISIONS. All have done good fighting.

Your friend and servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, KY., July 25, 1864.

Brigadier General HUGH EWING,

Munfordville, Ky.:

Have the men been shot that I ordered? If not, have them shot at once, except Goulder. Send him to Lexington. Order all the Twenty- sixth Kentucky at Louisville that have been mounted through Meade County and along the lower counties on the Ohio, with instructions to clear out the guerrillas and then to report to Colonel Maxwell at Bowling Green. Have the balance of the Twenty-sixth and Forty- eighth mounted as soon as possible. I send you 600 colored troops to Bowling Green and Russellville to-morrow. They are heavy artillery.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

