
MEMPHIS, TENN., July 25, 1864.

(Received 10. 45 a. m. 27th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I want two good batteries immediately for an important move pending. The great loss of artillery by Sturgis makes this demand necessary. I learn that there are several new batteries at Saint Louis doing nothing. Will you not order two here at once? General Smith whipped Forrest very badly in his late campaign, but I want to keep whipping him until his power is destroyed. To do this effectually I need this artillery. I beg that there may be no delay.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

General WASHBURN,

Memphis:

It was by General Grant's special order that General Smith was required after his fight to pursue and continue to follow Forrest. He must keep after him till recalled by me or General Grant, and if Forrest goes toward Tennessee General Smith must follow him, aiming to reach the Tennessee River at Decatur. We have had some hard fighting here, but have got the enemy in a tight place now, inside of Atlanta. General Rousseau broke the road at Opelika, and my cavalry have broken up the road toward Augusta for FIFTY miles out. Only one railroad remains to the enemy, viz, that to Macon, and I am nearly ready to strike it, after which the enemy must come out of Atlanta to fight or be invested. General Smith must keep well out after Forrest, but rather watch him closely than attempt to pursue him, but when he does fight he should keep an advantage. The railroad could supply him out as far as Grand Junction. It is of vital importance that Forrest does not go to Tennessee.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JULY 5, 1864. - For Canby to Washburn, in relation to relief of forces on White River, Ark., by troops from SIXTEENTH Army Corps, see Vol. XLI.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, July 25, 1864.

General WEBSTER,

Nashville:

Answer General Sturgis that he may rely on my seeing that no injustice be done him. I think he has a fair court of inquiry, and it will not close his case without collecting the fullest testimony on his side. The court should, in General Washburn's orders, have been styled a court of inquiry by order of the President of the United States, under the 92nd Article of War, and not a court of investigation, but that is a mere difference of words, and not of meaning. Don't send me the papers.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

