HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., July 25, 1864.

Colonel DONALDSON,

Nashville:

Make proper representations to Commander Le Roy Fitch or Admiral Porter as to the necessity of patrolling the Cumberland River below Harpeth, and they will give it the most respectful consideration. you may say that I have referred you to them, as I have no personal knowledge of the stage of water, or dangers to be guarded against, nor of the relative importance of that as to other parts of our inland navigation.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General. Commanding.

LOUDON, July 26, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN:

Courier just in from my scouts. They are now near Germansville, thirty-five miles from here. Have had no engagement when courier left. Rebels are burning houses, stealing and robbing. It is doubtful about catching them. Scouts will start back some time to- day.

M. L. PATTERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

WASHINGTON, July 26, 1864-4 p. m.

General L. THOMAS,

General S. G. BURBRIDGE.

Lexington, Ky.:

The Secretary of War and General Grant both disapprove the raising of any more cavalry regiments. If General Burbridge levies horses in Kentucky they should be used for the cavalry we now have.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF Kentucky, 5TH DIVISION, 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 61. Lexington, Ky., July 26, 1864.

I. All safeguards heretofore given from these headquarters or from the headquarters of any subordinate command in this district are hereby revoked.

II. It having been brought to the knowledge of the general commanding that there are in this district many persons who have been banished from Missouri and other States on account of the expression of rebel sentiments and other acts tending to weaken the authority of the United States Government and encourage those in arms against that authority, it is hereby ordered that all such persons leave the district within twenty days from the date of this order, not to return during the war. All military officers, provost-marshals, and their deputies in this district are charged with the execution of this order, and will arrest and send to these headquarters for transportation beyond the limits of the United States all persons failing to comply with its provisions.

By command of Bvt. Major General S. G. Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

