
NASHVILLE, July 28, 1864.

Major General J. B. STEEDMAN:

I wish you would relieve the Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania, now at Whiteside's, and order it to report at this place. Two regiments have been sent from here to Louisville by order of the War Department, and the garrison is reduced to a mere trifle.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., July 28, 1864.

Colonel D. C. McCALLUM,

Director and General Manager U. S. Military Railroad:

SIR: I received to-day a copy of the letter from General Grant to General Meigs, with your indorsement. I have opened the Memphis and Charleston Railroad to Grand Junction, by order of Major General C. C. Washburn, commanding district, &amp;c. I do not think it is the intention to open the road any farther east than Grand Junction. Think it is opened for the purpose of moving troops supplies for an expedition against Forrest and other Confederate forces in that section. I have an order to open the MISSISSIPPI Central Railroad south from Grand Junction to Holly Springs, and possibly to the Tallahatchie River. I think the whole is temporary. I suppose I cannot do less than to open roads wherever the commander directs, and have done so The road had then been open two weeks. I will try to carry out any instructions I may receive from you.

Very respectfully, yours,

A. F. GOODHUE,

Superintendent.

(Forwarded by Colonel McCallum to headquarters Armies of the United States.)

LOUISVILLE, KY., July 28, 1864.

(Received 12 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Burbridge has earnestly asked for authority to mount two colored regiments, the horses to be seized from citizens of known disloyalty. General Thomas has reported to you fully, favorably on the application. It is most important that this authority should be given, and promptly. These regiments, composed of men almost raised, as it were, on horseback, of uncompromising loyalty, and having an intimate knowledge of the topography of the country, would prove a powerful instrumentality in ridding the State of those guerrilla bands of robbers and murderers which now infest and oppress almost every part of it. Besides, their presence in the different counties engaged in this popular service would exert the happiest influence in favor of the Government policy of employing colored troops.

J. HOLT.

