
ability to supply our forces at this important period of our conflict? The military force has been so largely withdrawn that the protection of the roads is entirely inadequate, and its weakness will invite the malicious who prowl in the country. Would it not be an effectual measure to disarm the inhabitants living along the lines of the military railroads where the guerrillas, to a great extent, live and shelter; and could it be in the least degree offensive or injurious to good, loyal men? And would it be difficult or impracticable to execute such a plan? Suppose that an order were issued at your instance requiring all persons living within twenty miles on either side of the Nashville and Chattanooga, and the Tennessee and Alabama Railroads, and perhaps for the same distance on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, to bring in all their arms, at certain specified points, within ten or twenty days from the publication of the order, and every man to be treated indiscriminately as a guerrilla found in arms or having been secreted after the expiration of that time?

You will know what importance to attach to this report and communication, which I make from the desire to make the passage of the messengers safe, and from the relations of the subject with the preservation of the Government property and with the safe transit of the Government stores.

Please accept this communication as arising from my desire to be of the highest service possible to your department.

I have reported to Mr. Sloan the cause of the needless destruction of two engines near Shellmound, and also of the destruction of property at Stevenson from the want of proper switch tenders and signal men.

Your very respectfully and obedient servant,

C. L. HEQUEMBOURG,

Chief of Courier Line, &amp;c.

[First indorsement.]

ASST. QMRS. OFFICE, U. S. MILITARY RAILROAD,

Nashville, May 10, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel J. L. Donaldson, senior and supervising quartermaster, for his information and action.

JOHN C. nd Assistant Quartermaster.

[Second indorsement.]

NASHVILLE, May 11, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Major-General Rousseau, with the suggestion that commanding officers along the line of the roads be required to visit points on the road, weekly, twenty miles above and below their posts, and to warn all persons living near the lines that they will be held to a strict accountability if they do not give warning of the acts and approach of guerrillas in their neighborhood.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Senior and Supervising Quartermaster.

JACKSBOROUGH, May 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMMEN:

SIR: I made a reconnaissance yesterday and found a small squad of rebels and dispersed them, but did not kill nor capture any. It became dark, and I returned to camp. The attack commenced on Sharp's place, two miles from Colonel Wheeler's. I will send twenty men out

