
command at Vicksburg, I would direct General Canby to send a suitable major-general from his military DIVISION. General Dana would probably be the best man, but I would leave this to Canby, knowing that he would make a proper selection.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NASHVILLE, July 29, 1864

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

General Thomas will remember that the Nashville and Northwestern Railroad was placed by the Secretary of War under my control, with authority to select engineers, &amp;c. The road is now used to its utmost capacity in transportation of supplies for the army. We are making every effort to increase that capacity. The services of Major Yates at this time are important, and I hope he can be spared, which will not interfere with Colonel McCallum in any way. I hope you will permit me to make one suggestion in reference to persons being sent to Nashville and north of it. The whole population in our front, instead of being sent this way, should be pressed back with the rebel army. Let them hear the cries of suffering, and supply their stomachs and backs with food and raiment. To the extent that we receive and feed their population, which is disloyal, we relieve the Confederate Government. Let them fall back with the army. By sending them here they add to the rebel or Copperhead sentiment and increase opposition to the Government. The rebels who have been sent from East Tennessee north, should have been sent south. They would rather go anywhere else than south, and it would create more terror than sending them north. If this meets your views, I hope you will submit to General Sherman for consideration.

ANDREW JohnSON,

Military Governor of Tennessee

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 29, 1864.

(Received 3. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HEINTZELMAN;

I have civil writs in my hand which I cannot execute in Montgomery and Fayette Counties in this State. Confederate officers in command of district; citizens are committing murders, robberies and assaults on Union men. I need 500 well-armed men at Pana, Ill. Can you send them?

D. L. PHILLIPS.

Approved:

RICHARD YATES

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,In the Field, July 30, 1864.

Governor ANDREW JohnSON,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I remember that at first the Northwestern railroad was placed under your charge, but thought that subsequently all the military railroads were placed in charge of Colonel McCallum. Major Yates will be de-

