
tailed to report to you. I have always held the same opinion about sending rebels and their sympathizers south instead of north that you do, and have had frequent conversations on that subject with General Sherman. To send them south as our lines advance would require that they be sent through our lines under flag of truce, which he does not like to do at this time. They will probably all be sent south after the campaign is over.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, July 30, 1864.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN:

Major-General Burbridge now here, has ordered the arrest to-day of the leading traitors in Louisville. He is still here and makes requisition on me for the arrest of Judge Bullitt, of Kentucky. Dick Barrett, leader, from Saint Louis, is here in consultation with them. Shall I arrest him and send him to General Rosecrans? Several of the leading military leaders of the order are here and others expected. Shall they be arrested and sent south, as urge by General Burbridge, with those he arrests? Next Tuesday the leaders appointed to meet for definite future action. The Governor has published my report to him in June, of which I wrote you. Lieutenant Flowers goes over on noon train. Can you not come here?

HENRY B. CARRINGTON

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C. ., July 30, 1864.

(Received August 7.)

Major General H. W. SLOCUM,

Vicksburg:

As soon as relieved by an officer selected by Major General Ed. R. S. Canby, you will report in person to Major General W. T. Sherman.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General,&amp;c.

COVINGTON, Ky., July 30, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. WEBSTER

Chief of Staff, Nashville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: You favor of the [26th] instant, inclosing copy of telegram from Major-General Sherman is just received. I regret very much to trouble you again on the subject, and the more so as I perceive from the nature of the general's telegram that you have presented my case to him as strongly as you could. Yet I feel that the general does not comprehend the exact difficulty of my position. Probably I was not clear in representing it, and I would be doing myself great injustice were I to fail in giving him a clear idea o fit. Soon after my return to Memphis from my late expedition, I made a formal application to General Washburn for a court of inquiry "to investigate the cause of the disaster to my expedition. " The general declined granting it on the ground that he did not have the authority to do so, but said he would forward it through General McPherson to General Sherman, upon whom

