
he would urge it. Two days, I think, thereafter General Washburn did order a court of inquiry, but the order did not state that it was ordered at my request. Nevertheless, thinking that might have been an oversight, I handed in (to the president of the court) a list of witnesses whom I requested might be summoned before it. To this I received no reply. After waiting some ten days and hearing no more of the matter, and not wishing my friends abroad to think I was having a hearing when in fact I was not, I made application for authority to repair to this place to await orders from the Secretary of War, to whom I had already reported by telegraph by direction of General Washburn. To this General Washburn replied that he would like to have me remain a few days for the purpose of giving my testimony before a "board of investigation," which had been ordered. It appears that on the 26th of June he dissolved the "court of inquiry" and instituted this board of investigation; this, too, in face of the fact that he had forwarded (or said he would) my application to General Sherman for a "court of inquiry. " I think, that General Sherman is a little in error in supposing the difference between these, in this instance particularly, to be merely "in name; " if it were a mere accident or difference merely in name, why dissolve the one and order the other? The fact is a court of inquiry is a legal organization, governed by certain laws and rules, and before which I had a right to appear, whereas the board now in session is a thing not known to law. Its proceedings may be conducted in such manner as General Washburn may choose to direct and as it is not ordered at my request I have no claim to come before it, though its whole proceeding is a virtual investigation of my conduct. I must say that such a course is without precedent in the U. S. Army, or in any other army in the world (so far as my information goes)-is ex parte in toto-not calculated in any sense of the word to elicit the truth, and better calculated to inflict injury upon the innocent than any organization or device ever invented since the days of the Spanish Inquisition, and I feel certain that a soon as the major- general commanding can have a true understanding of it he will dissolve this board and order a proper court.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, July 31, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: In compliance with your written instructions I proceeded to Kentucky and conferred fully with Governor Bramlette, Major-General Burbridge, General Ewing, Colonel Fairleigh, Major Sidell, and others connected with the civil and military administration. I had also interviews with various prominent and well-instructed citizens upon the condition of public affairs in the State. The result may be briefly stated as follows:

Kentucky has been for some time and is still in a deplorable condition. A very large part of the State is completely overrun with guerrillas, who plunder farm-houses, and fields, and villages at will and often murder the helpless victims of their robberies. These thieves and murderers, with the exception of Jessee's band, which is believed to consist of some 300 men, move in small bodies of from four or five to twenty. They are mounted on the fleetest, and best horses of

