
the country, and are thoroughly armed with weapons which they conceal in their boots and under the clothes. They dash rapidly from point to point, and pouncing suddenly upon country houses and small towns, encounter no opposition. With the exception of a single guerrilla, who was recently shot while endeavoring to force his way into a store at Bardstown, these miscreants have met with no resistance on the part of the citizens. The explanation of this seemingly spiritless conduct, as made to me, is that the citizens suppose a greater calamity would fall upon them from resistance than submission. They prefer yielding up their horses, good, and other portable valuables to having their houses burned over their heads, and their lives probably sacrificed, which they think would be the immediate or ultimate result of any attempt to defend themselves. These guerrilla bands are the fruit of the President's amnesty proclamation. In a letter addressed to yourself by Major-General Burbridge, and which I will deliver to you in person on my arrival at Washington, the opinion is expressed that nine-tenths of the guerrillas now infesting Kentucky have taken the oath under that proclamation.

It is well known that the rebels do not regard any oath administered to them by Federal authority. Their demoralization is so utter and shameless that they make a continual mockery of such oaths, which they take only because they an make them instrumental in advancing their personal interests and treasonable enterprises. So far as Kentucky is concerned the rebels have used this proclamation, and the oath under it, only as a means for returning to the State, visiting their friends, making observations themselves either for the Confederate service or for the career of robbers and cut-throats. General Burbridge earnestly urges a suspension of the proclamation in its application to Kentucky, and in this recommendation I fully concur. The ascertained existence of a conspiracy in that and the adjoining States for an armed co- operation with the rebels furnishes an additional and powerful reason why the request of General Burbridge should be complied with. The Government is not strong enough in Kentucky to justify it in allowing so vast an accumulation there of active treasonable elements as the abuse of this proclamation is daily furnishing. It is proper to add that the recent orders of General Burbridge enforcing indemnity from rebel sympathizers for thefts and robberies of guerrillas, and directing the execution of guerrilla prisoners in retaliation for murders committed by these bands, cannot fail to produce the happiest effect in mitigating these atrocities. A number of these executions has already taken place and no murder by guerrillas has since occurred. These outlaws are banded together in the same interest, are animated by the same spirit, and seek the accomplishment of the same guilty ends. They are a brotherhood of traitors and felons, and the public safety demands that they should be held responsible in solido for the crimes of each and all of their members. These executions have inspired a most wholesome terror, and it is to be hoped that the stern but necessary policy thus inaugurated will be in nothing relaxed. The recruiting of colored troops in Kentucky is proceeding most satisfactorily. About 10,000 have already been enlisted and this number it is believed, will be doubled in sixty days. They have for some time been coming in at the rate of about 100 per day. When we consider the perils and menaces which these down-trodden men have to brave in making their way to the recruiting stations we cannot but regard the example of their courage, and loyalty, and zeal as among the noblest and most cheering signs of the

