
times. The commencement of the recruiting of colored troops in Kentucky, was signalized by disgraceful outrages perpetrated in the twin - and, it would seem inseparable interests of treason and slavery. Slaves escaping from their masters with a view of entering the military service were waylaid, beaten, maimed, and often murdered. This shameful condition of things, however, has disappeared, under an improved public sentiment, and from the vigor and success with which the Government has continued to press its policy. The popular opinion is rapidly reaching the conclusion that the policy of recruiting colored troops is to firmly established to be resisted, and that it is the interest, as it certainly is the duty, of Kentucky to acquiesce in it. The feeble opposition which still remains is fostered mainly by unscrupulous politicians who hope to make out of this popular irritation a certain amount of political capital to be invested in the approaching Presidential election. Upon the whole, the recruiting of colored troops in Kentucky must be held to be a decided success thus far, and to be full of encouragement for the future. The service, under the vigilant and faithful administration of Major Sidell and his subordinates, is marked by energy and discretion, and promises soon to bring to the support of the Government a numerous and zealous body of soldiery, of a class whose courage and loyalty been conspicuous on so many fields. Careful investigation has revealed the existence of a treasonable association in Kentucky, with ramifications extending throughout the State of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and I believe Missouri also. The association is probably more numerous and formidable in Indiana and Illinois than elsewhere. It is secret in its meetings, has its ritual and passwords, and aims, through a co-operation with the enemy, in striking at General Sherman's communications or otherwise to overthrow the Government as now administered. The oath of the THIRD or military degree of the order is, for obvious reasons, suppressed in the ritual, but its nature has been clearly ascertained, and the object, for the accomplishment of which its obligations are imposed, is that which I have mentioned. A large number of influential men in Kentucky, embracing several occupying the highest positions under the State government, are found to be members and officers of this association or conspiracy. General Burbridge having ascertained the facts will, in a few days, proceed to deal with the most prominent of these conspirators in Kentucky in a manner demanded by the public peril and justified by the precedents of history. Involved as the country is in civil war, and with Kentucky as the base of vast military operations, it is not to be endured that these conspirators should be permitted to remain within the limits of the State, secretly but actively engaged in prosecuting their traitorous schemes, and prepared at any moment to lay their hands on the throat of the Government should the occurrence of any great military disaster enable them to do so. In the step which he is about to take General Burbridge, will have the support of Governor Bramlette, intensely conservative as he is, and of all truly loyal men of the State. If he is fully sustained by the Government in this and kindred measures, I am satisfied that he will not only cut up this conspiracy in Kentucky by the roots, but will also make treason in that State socially infamous, as it is legally and politically so. His action will be a marked departure from the policy of conciliation which, though well intentioned, has resulted in giving to the rebellion all its insolence and defiance, and much of its present strength. Such an open abandonment of a policy that has failed after such sacrifices of blood and treasure will, I am sure, beion. It is to be regretted that a similar

