
will march direct from this point by the Pigeon Roost road, in charge of supply train, and will probably move to-morrow morning. I have notified Colonel Coon of this disposition of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry. Forage will be sent out as fast as possible. I have reported with my command to General A. J. Smith or orders. You will carry out any instructions which may be sent you direct from him.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, July 31, 1864.

Major General GORDON GRANGER, U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: The force under your command is not in number or appointment as large or as complete as I designed to send, but I cannot increase it until after troops from Texas, or from points above, come within my reach. The present object is simply that of co-operation with the Navy in the operations about to be undertaken by Admiral Farragut against the rebel works in Mobile Bay. Should these operations open the way for move extensive ones, or call for a larger force, I will add to it as far as I have the means of doing.

I do not give you any special instructions, as I know that you will make the best possible application of the means under your control.

Keep me advised as constantly as possible of your operations and of whatever you may require to increase the efficiency of your command and give proper results to the work before it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JULY 31, 1864. -For abstract from returns of the Departments of the Cumberland the Tennessee, and the Ohio, see Vol. XXXVIII, Part V, pp. 316-319.]
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland Gap, August 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMMEN,

Knoxville:

I have information that the rebel court convenes at Jonesville to- day to try Union citizens for treason; the court is protected by about 100 rebel soldiers. I propose by your permission to make a raid on that place. I think it will be successful.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

[MEMORANDUM.] - Make the raid and to it with as much secrecy and dispatch as possible. Capture the court. Be on the alert for an attack while your party is out.

