
again to-night. I think it would be necessary to arrest some of the citizens in that vicinity, as I think they know something of their whereabouts. They had run off three negroes and one horse the night before.

A. V. D. ABBETT,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., May 10, 1864.

Major-General SLOCUM,

Commanding District of Vicksburg:

GENERAL: I inclose you an order which I have just issued here in regard to trade. If your views should agree with mine I shall be most happy to have your co-operation to break up the wretched system that has contributed so much toward prolonging the war. The cavalry that I borrowed from Vicksburg I am ready to return. They have driven Forrest clear out of this part of the country. I have sent to General Sherman for authority to send your cavalry back overland, with what I have to accompany them. The Mobile and Ohio Railroad is repaired and running from Mobile to Tupelo, and the MISSISSIPPI Central is running north to the Tallahatchie with a break at Grenada. General Polk has been drawing supplies over these roads for his army at Demopolis. I propose to send a cavalry force to thoroughly break up the Mobile and Ohio well down to Meridian, and then cross the country and destroy the MISSISSIPPI Central between Camden and Grenada, and strike the Yazoo City. If I make this raid you will be timely advised, but if not I shall send back your cavalry by boat.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, No. 3. Memphis, May 10, 1864.

The practical operation of commercial intercourse from this city with the States in rebellion has been to help largely to feed, cloth, arm and equip our enemies. Memphis has been of more value to the Southern Confederacy since it fell into Federal hands than Nassau. To take cotton belonging to the rebel Government to Nassau, or any foreign port, is a hazardous proceeding. To take it to Memphis and convert it into supplies and greenbacks and return to the lines of the enemy, or place the proceeds to the credit of the rebel Government in Europe, without passing again into rebel lines, is safe and easy. I have undoubted evidence that large amounts of cotton have been, and are being, brought here to be sold, belonging to the rebel Government. The past and present system of trade has given strength to the rebel army, while it has demoralized and weakened our own. It has invited the enemy to hover around Memphis as his best base of supply, when otherwise he would have abandoned the country. It renders of practical non-effect the blockade upon the ocean, which has cost, and is costing, so many mIllinois. It opens our lines to the spies of the enemy, and renders it next to impossible to execute any military plan without its becoming known to him long enough in advance for him to prepare

