
BEFORE ATLANTA, August 3, 1864.

(Received 6th.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

General Slocum is assigned to command the Twentieth Corps in the field, vice Hooker, who has gone off offended because he was not made McPherson's successor. You will extend your command over the Vicksburg District and exercise control over all the troops of my command on the MISSISSIPPI River. Orders will come by mail.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS STEAMER LAURA.

Eastern end of Petit Bois Island,MISSISSIPPI Sound, August 3, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to announce that I have arrived and anchored off this point with the following transports, viz: Battle, James Brown, Tamaulipas, Clyde, St. Charles, with barge, containing in the aggregate about 1,700 men. I shall commence to disembark al the troops about ten miles east of the western extremity of Dauphin Island this afternoon at 4 o'clock all the arrangements having been perfected arrived and some little delay has been caused thereby. You will please hurry forward as rapidly as possible the remaining troops of my command, as their services are required. It is probable that the fleet will not attempt to pass the batteries until Saturday next, and certainly not before Friday. It affords me pleasure to state that all is progressing favorably.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, August 4, 1864.

(Received 6th.)

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your telegraph of the 1st just received. The force of Forrest is at Montgomery stationed below Okolona, and I am moving in that direction, while Smith is after him with 5,000 cavalry and 10,000 infantry. He will hardly go into Middle Tennessee. The country where Forrest's command is is full of corn, and meat, and Smith can subsist there. I have ordered him to push after Forrest wherever he may be and to go as far as Columbus, Miss., in pursuit of him, if necessary, and have all railroads this side of there to be destroyed. I telegraphed you on the 2d, but if you do not approve of the plans there laid down I shall expect to hear from you by the time Smith reaches Oxford, and will move then as you may direct. If you approve of the plan there indicated shall Smith, after penetrating as far down as Columbus, march north to Decatur and Tuscumbia or return here? Should he meet and effectually whip Forrest should he not return here and be sent to Mobile?

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

