
manding, and will be respected and obeyed accordingly: Captain E. L. Gooding, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, as chief commissary; First Lieutenant Hunn Hanson, Fourth Missouri Cavalry, as aide-de-camp.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 4, 1864

Governor BROUGH,

Columbus, Ohio:

Your telegram respecting the officers and men for patrol-boats has remained unanswered until I learned what number of boats were obtained and when they would probably be ready, as on this point depends in some measure the source from which the force can be supplied. Colonel Swords was directed to confer with you; has he done so? The Springfield arms can be placed in your arsenal, to be distributed as you may need them; but it was my design to let your troops take their arms home and then turn them over. This seemed to be satisfactory to you, and no answer was deemed necessary. The question as to local camps of rendezvous is under General Fry's consideration, and he has not yet reported. I think the objections are insuperable to having a rendezvous in each Congressional district, but if it be possible without serious injury to the service the effort will be made to conform to your wishes. If it be done in one State it will be claimed in all, even without any reason, and this circumstances renders special arrangements impossible. Such regulations only can be made, and such modifications of general regulations permitted, as can be executed consistent with the service in every State. Every Governor claims some specific arrangement for himself, and insists because some other Governor has been indulged. Only yourself and one or two others seem willing to conform to anything but their own notions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT TENTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Knoxville, Tenn., August 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General TILLSON,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Fourth Div., 23rd Army Corps:

GENERAL; I have the honor to report that, in compliance with instructions issued from your headquarters on the 3rd instant, Captain Sears, with forty-two men of this command, went to Sevierville, arriving thereon the 4th at 7 a. m. On arriving there they were informed that the rebels had left, upon which the command halted and sent out a scout, who returned in the afternoon, stating that the rebels had retreated by way of Newport and Sweet Water, and from there into the mountains. There had been about twenty-five rebels roaming through the country (a part of Osborne's former command), their object being to steal horses, quite a number of which they had taken with them. They had also taken two prisoners, but on an attempt of some citizens to bushwhack them (the rebels) they abandoned their prisoners. The command returned to camp this morning.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

H. E. Light,

Captain, Commanding.

