
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., August 5, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of Brigadier-General Ammen, commanding Fourth DIVISION, Twenty-THIRD Army Corps.

It will be seen that the reports sent in by the commanding officer at Sevierville were not based upon facts, proving that he did not take the steps necessary to ascertain the number and character of the enemy before forwarding his urgent requests for aid. This, with the additional facts that there is a force of eighty men of the Second Tennessee stationed at Sevierville amply sufficient not only to drive away the rebels, as was done by a few citizens, but to have entirely destroyed them, excite suspicion both as to the courage and competency of the comment are to be mustered out of the service in a few days the general commanding this brigade would deem it his duty to institute an official examination into his conduct, and to prevent its repetition in future.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

MOSCOW, August 5, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN:

A scouting party of seventy-five men from my regiment came on a rebel force north of Somerville, on the Hatchie, at Solomon's Mills, said to be 800 strong, with two small pieces of artillery. I have not force enough to spare from this post to move there. I can get no co-operation from La Grange. A small force of 250 went out from La Fayette in same direction, at same time, and have not been heard of since Wednesday noon. Can anything be done?

A. H. BEREMAN,

Colonel Forty-fifth Iowa Infantry, Commanding Post.

FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

MOBILE BAY, August 5, 1864.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding Forces at Dauphin Island:

GENERAL: We have had our free fight with the forts, as you perhaps saw. One of the monitors, the Tecumseh was sunk by a torpedo and nearly all hands perished. We had all anchored above when I saw Buchanan making up for me. I knew full well his design was for me. So we had a free fight. We all ran at him and punished him with shot and heavy charges until he struck his flag and became my prisoner, and we have the Tennessee with the Stars and Stripes flying. I will now place gun-boats down at Pilot Town to protect your army so soon as you are ready to land. I took one of their gun-boats also. I have lost many killed and wounded; 19 killed and 25 wounded in this ship; others have lost more or less.

I am, general, very respectfully,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding WEST Gulf Blockading Squadron.

15 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT II

