
CUMBERLAND GAP, August 6, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have just returned from Jonesville; met with poor success. Ran two companies of Morgan's men out of the town; captured 3 prisoners and 7 horses. The court does not meet until THIRD Monday in this month. Morgan will certainly attempt to occupy Lee County.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS.

Lexington, Ky., August 6, 1864. (Received 1. 20 a. m. 7th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON.

Secretary of War:

I have arrested the leading members of the organization known as the Sons of Liberty in this State, and have the names of the leading members in Indiana and Illinois. I would suggest that General Heintzelman be ordered to arrest these men in Indiana and Illinois otherwise my action will be of little effect. I would also suggest that the prisoners at Rock Island and Indianapolis be removed to some safe point farther north, there being great danger of their being released and armed by traitors at these places.

S. G. BURBRIDGE.

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIFTH Kentucky INFANTRY.

Bardstown, August 6, 1864.

Lieutenant JAMES B. TRUE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. First Brigade,

First DIVISION, District of Kentucky, Lebanon, Ky.:

LIEUTENANT: When I was ordered to this part of Kentucky I was with the mounted portion of my regiment scouting through the Ohio River counties between the Green and Cumberland Rivers, and had been for some thirty-odd days. Before starting on the scout I had applied frequently for a remount for my regiment; the requisitions had been approved, but it was impossible to get the horses. In this condition having in all some 300 worn-out horses, that had been in almost constant service for over eight months, I was ordered by Colonel Cicero Maxwell, to go on this scout for the purpose of driving out the numerous bands of guerrillas in that section of the State, as there were great numbers of them, some 800 to 1,000, and all then concentrated between Morganfield and Uniontown, in Union County. I mounted every man I could, which was some 300, and represented to Colonel Maxwell that the condition of my horses was such that it was impossible for me to do any effective service with them, and requested that he obtain an order for me to remount my men from the country through which I would scout, receipting to truly loyal men for the horses I took from them, and taking the horses of rebels without any receipt being given, stating, which was true, that if the Government did not take the horses from that section of the country the guerrillas would. Colonel Maxwell wrote me that he would endeavor to get the order, &amp;c. Some days after upon my again applying for the order, stating my unwillingness to leave

