
for it. The facts here stated are known to every intelligent man in Memphis. What is the remedy for these great and overwhelming evils? Experience shows that there can be but one remedy, and that is total prohibition of all commercial intercourse with the States in rebellion.

It is therefore ordered, that on and after the 15th day of May, 1864, the lines of the army at Memphis be closed, and no person will be permitted to leave the city, expect by river, without a special pass from these headquarters after that date. All persons desirous of coming into the city will be permitted to do so, but should be notified by the pickets that they will not be allowed to return. All persons who desire to leave the city to go beyond our lines must do so before the 15th instant.

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

W. H. MORGAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,May 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE,

Louisville, Ky.:

Send forward the infantry and heavy artillery regiments with as little delay as possible. I think some of them, at least, might be sent at once. The enemy is so thoroughly occupied in front that Kentucky is in no danger. The force now there is much larger than necessary. Send troops to the front, and you need have no fear of Kentucky.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., May 12, 1864.

(Received 5. 20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I require for my command, to enable it to perform the duty expected of it, about 3,000 horses. They cannot be obtained from the Cavalry Bureau. If authorized I can obtain them by impressment, giving proper vouchers, or I can obtain the necessary number in a short time by purchase on contract. Horses are being constantly stolen in the State for rebel use, and in many sections the citizens are anxious to sell their stock to the Government. I cannot protect the border without a sufficient mounted force. These horses are wanted at once for regiments already authorized to be mounted by authority of the War Department.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF Kentucky, No. 41. Lexington, May 12, 1864.

The practice of giving employment and contracts in the military service to rebels and rebel sympathizers in this district has become so frequent as to amount almost to a monopoly, and cannot be further tolerated without serious injury to the service. It is, therefore, ordered that all

