
force that I can collect. Kirby Smith, I have no doubt, is trying to send a part of his force east of the Mississippi, but I think we will be able to prevent it.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 6, 1864.

Major General GORDON GRANGER, U. S. Volunteers:

Commanding U. S. Forces, Near Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: The only troops that are now available are those from Texas, all that have arrived, about 1,800 men, will be sent. They will embark as soon as the vessels are coaled and watered, and will probably sail before 12 o'clock to-morrow. I will also send the light battery you left behind, and such other troops as I can gather from above. The troops from Texas are not in good condition, as they have some scorbutic taints, but the sea air, fresh vegetables, and active employment, will probably bring them up at once. I will send other troops to you as fast as possible. The results at Mobile are exceedingly gratifying, and will no doubt open the way for still more important operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 7, 1864-1 p. m.

Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Louisville:

Your communication,* by General Holt, and your telegram received. Your proceedings against disloyal person in your command are approved. Your telegram has been forwarded to Major-General Heintzelman. The whole Sate of Kentucky is constituted a military district of the Department of the Ohio, and placed under your command with authority of a department commander, except in matters which by law are vested in departmental commanders. The orders will be transmitted by mail. You are also authorized to establish your headquarters at Louisville or wherever you deem expedient. You may re-enlist for general service for one year all the cavalry you can mount. General Grant suggests that new organizations, white and black, should be enlisted as infantry, and mounted, if you wish to use them as cavalry, which would avoid trouble in dismounting them when needed for infantry. The promotion you ask for Lieutenant-Colonel Fairleigh would be cheerfully given, but the law authorizing the appointment of additional aides has been repealed, so there is no power to do more than give him a brevet appointment of colonel, which gives no additional pay. Your mode of mounting cavalry by seizing horses of disloyal persons is approved, and you are authorized to seize all you can lay hands on, and if you do not need them yourself, turn them over to the Quartermaster's Department for general service.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

