
as to your system of obtaining information, its reliability, &amp;c. He will be pleased to hear from you frequently relative to your command, recently very much extended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 7, 1864,

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of WEST Tennessee:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding in sending an order,* by a staff officer, for the detachments of regiments belonging to the Seventeenth Army corps in the field, to suggest to you that the services of these men are very much needed here, and to request relieve all men on detached service belonging to these commands and now serving within your jurisdiction, with orders to join their regiments forthwith. I am also directed to say that the order assigning General Morgan L. Smith to your command has been for the present suspended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 7, 1864. - For Washburn to Canby, in relation to operations in Louisiana, Arkansas, &c., see Vol. XLI.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 210. New Orleans, August 7, 1864.

I. The following-named regiments will be immediately held in readiness to embark on the transports Patroon, Josephine, and Saint Charles, at Carrollton, La., at 8 a. m. this day. They will proceed with the utmost dispatch to Dauphin Island. On their arrival they will be reported to Major General Gordon Granger for duty:

Ninety-fourth Illinois Regiment Volunteers, Twentieth Wisconsin Regiment Volunteers, Twentieth Iowa Regiment Volunteers, Thirty- eighth Iowa Regiment Volunteers.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

C. S. SARGENT,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 8, 1864. - For Canby to Washburn, in relation to operations in Louisiana, Arkansas, &c., and for same to same, in relation to re-enforcements for General Gordon's command in Arkansas, see Vol. XLI.]

---------------

*See p. 230.

---------------

