HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Holly Springs, Miss., August 8, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM TO. SHAW and

Colonel EDWARD BOUTON:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you hold your command in readiness to move at an hour's notice.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS,Waterford, Miss., August 8, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Right Wing, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report the following in answer to your communication just received by special courier, viz: Two regiments of infantry, one of cavalry, and First DIVISION pioneer corps (without artillery) left this place for the crossing of the Tallahatchie River at 2 p. m. 7th instant. We have not communicated with them as yet. At 11 p. m. reports of about SIXTEENTH artillery shots in rapid succession were distinctly heard in that direction. The only report from there was by a courier from the Tallahatchie River with dispatches to Brigadier-General Hatch, who told Colonel McClure, commanding Second Brigade, First DIVISION, that our cavalry crossed the river, followed by the infantry, skirmishing with the enemy. The cavalry recrossed the river, and when he left heavy firing was going on. You will probably be able to learn particulars from the courier. Very little or now work could have been done on the bridge unless it was done after dark on the 7th. I have not heard anything of Chalmers' or any other force. Our cavalry have found no large force of the enemy. I have no information from Panola. Citizens have reported a small force of the enemy at Oxford. We have no cavalry here.

Later, 12. 30 a. m. I inclose dispatch just received from Colonel S. G. Hill, commanding infantry sent to Tallahatchie River. The bearer of the dispatch left Colonel Hill's command before the enemy used their artillery. The courier verbally reports that work on the bridge has not been commenced. The pioneer corps built a small bridge in the bottom on this side on the approach to the crossing.

Later. By courier arrived Colonel S. G. Hill asks for more infantry, and that artillery be sent to them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

J. J. WOODS,

Colonel, Commanding at Waterford, Miss.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIFTH IOWA,August 7, 1864.

Lieutenant H. HOOVER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: We have reached the Tallahatchie and have two companies across holding the ferry boat. Since dark the enemy have re- enforced their picket heavily with the apparent intention of disputing the crossing of the cavalry and the construction of the bridge. I would respect-

