
Union men of money and arms, and living upon the property of Union men. Upon telegram from Colonel R. W. Thompson, provost-marshal at Terre Haute, I went over, holding the Forty-sixth Indiana (220 men) ready to move upon ten minutes' notice. I found that they had struck their camp and moved into Illinois. A small force was at once sent to Vermillion, and the band fled, crossing at fords eighteen miles below Terre Haute, and temporarily dispersing. Several union men have just called who were robbed of arms and money. These men seem to act under the control of Andy Humphrey (major-General of secret order), candidate for State representative, who daily appeals to the people to arm and be prepared to resist the draft at all hazards. In Rush County the same state of affairs exists. This morning Governor Morton referred to me several letters from men whom he indorses as prudent, reliable men (one of them Jesse J. Brown, of New Albany), all of whom state that in Harrison, Washington, Orange, and Jackson Counties, the traitors drill openly, cheer for Jeff. Davis, and pledge themselves to resist the draft, arrests, &amp;c. On the border there are four detachments of rebels under Jessee, Sypert, Taylor, and Johnson. They number together over 2,000 men. Last night one of my confidential agents started from Louisville, Ky., to visit them all, to learn whether they proposed to act in concert with their friends in Indiana and Illinois. This agent, "Stidger," is grand secretary of the order in Kentucky, and since the arrest of Judge Bullitt (grand commander for State of Kentucky), is accepted as the only safe man in that State for these traitors to negotiate with. He spent Sunday with Colonel W. A. Bowles, leading major-general of the order at French Lick Springs, in this State. At this conference orders were produced from H. H. Dodd, grand commander for Indiana, to make a demonstration on the 16th instant. The members in council protested that this was a violation of the order "not to rise in arms until a Confederate force crossed the Ohio," or "opened up in Kentucky. " Having due notice of their plans, I expected to anticipate them; but it will not do to ignore them. The leaders of the order are desperate men. They have little to lose, all to gain, by disorder. I am surprised at their knowledge of rebel movements. They have a wonderful intuition or a perfect system of information.

For myself, while appreciating fully all the embarrassing questions that daily perplex the Government, I am willing to abide by my own acts if the Government will give full discretion as to affairs WEST to the military commanders. I wish to act with your full sanction in all things, and feel that I ought not to trouble you with minute details save for your own information. It is, however, certain that either this conspiracy is a substantial reality of serious concern, or it will fall by its, own weight upon exposure. Either alternative I wish to guard against, looking to the general good. I communicate freely with General Burbridge, with whom I have arranged for either to cross troops either way in an emergency; but neither the general nor myself can, with present force, guarantee the border against occasional raids. That you may see the daily danger I give copy of telegram just received:

EVANSVILLE, August 9, 1864.

General H. B. CARRINGTON,

Commanding District of Indiana:

I have reliable information of a rebel force of 1,000 men under command of Colonel Adam Johnson, near Morganfield, Union County, Ky. I fear an attack on this city, and am making arrangements accordingly.

EDWARD TOMBLER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

