
This Johnson was unable to cross last week on account of quicksand at the bar he attempted; but if he attempt it there is small [sic] for a [sic] of resistance. General Burbridge has sent 200 negro troops to Owensborough and the same for to Henderson. He has no cavalry to spare. As to the Indiana State Legion, I will say that the 100-days' service took the best of them. The rebels in this State are daily stealing their arms at private houses, and the Copperheads are openly organizing companies. The State Sentinel of yesterday says: "If the Sons of Liberty are as strong as they claim, they will carry out their plans. " These papers defy the Government. It becomes a question whether it is not duty to arrest the military leaders for "levying war against the United States. " It seems to me that the Government would sanction it, or give discretion in the matter. Governor Morton will send special messengers to Washington to-day, urging, among other things, that I be supplied with funds for detective purposes. I keep the Illinois and Missouri authorities advised of movements here, and to-day have seized letters to Dan. Voorhees from various parties including one from Senator Wall, of New Jersey, under his frank, relative to supplying 20,000 stand of arms to Voorhees, &amp;c.

I have ample evidence of all I furnish you, and know that I do not exaggerate any facts which I deem it necessary to communicate, as events have already demonstrated.

Governor Morton wishes me to advise the Government of the present condition of affairs, and I therefore write you thus fully.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. CARRINGTON.

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Indiana.

[AUGUST 9, 1864. - For Washburn to Canby, in relation to re- enforcements for the Department of Arkansas, &c., see Vol. XLI.]

HOLLY SPRINGS, August 9, 1864.

(Received 10th.)

Major-General WASHBURN:

The telegraph from here to the Tallahatchie is in good order; from Davis' Mills to this point can be repaired in twenty hours. I therefore request you will have it done as we may be in this vicinity for some days yet.

A. J. SMITH,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Holly Springs, Miss., August 9, 1864. (Received 13th.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding Department of WEST Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have General Mower at the Tallahatchie with about 4,000 men, and will send him more to-day. By this time I presume he has crossed and is at Abbeville. I re-enforce him as rapidly as possible. The colored brigade, with all the supply train we have loaded, is now at Waterford. By to-morrow night I hope to have the cars run-

