HEADQUARTERS.

Lexington, August 11, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,Commanding:

There are in this State about 3,000 head fat, heavy cattle, which in the event of an invasion would probably fall into the hands of the enemy. I respectfully suggest your order your commissary to purchase all he can and send them at once to the front, thus saving transportation from north, and putting them where the enemy can derive no benefit from them. Please answer immediately.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 11, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE:

If the 3,000 head of beef cattle are not safe in Kentucky they would hardly be on the road to the front. If in danger of falling into the enemy's hands let the owners drive them to a place of safety.

W. T. SHERMAN

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 11, 1864.

General LESLIE COOMBS.

Frankfort, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: Yours of July 30, did not reach me till to-day. I need not tell you that I have no personal or official wish to harm the hair of an inoffensive person in this world. In ordinary times I would wish to see the lives and property, the liberties and rights, political and religious, of every human being in America, protected and insured. But we have fallen on troublesome times. There have been and still remain in Kentucky people who are utterly callous and forgetful of the rights of others, and who will on all occasions thrust their offensive opinions and acts upon the rest of the community. Not content with sending their sons and all they could influence into a hostile army, they continue to reside in Kentucky and by secret acts and letters keep alive the spirit of hostility, keeping up an uncertain feverish state of things, actually more hurtful to the peace of the State than if they were openly hostile. I do know the fact and so do you, and how difficult it is to apply the remedy. Of myself I can do nothing, but through officers of your own State, tried, in war, and commissioned by the President of the United States, I endeavor to reach them, not for their immediate comfort and conversion but for the peace of your community and rest of its industrious people. I cannot believe General Burbridge would commit the acts of wanton cruelty you describe nor can you expect me to leave this army to come and give it personal attention, nor to give orders based upon your simple ascertain. I will refer your letter to General Burbridge that he may undo an act of injustice if committed on false information. I am aware that military power, unchecked by the forms which in peaceful times surround the citizen, may do wrongs, grievous

