
wrongs, but how is it to be avoided? Shall we sit down and trust to grand juries, in these days of revolt? It does appear that in Kentucky you are such a bundle of inexplicable family and State factions, that the veriest murderer, and horse-thief, and dirty dog, if arrested can forthwith produce credentials of respectability that I could not establish or you either. I do not say this of Mr. Grimstead or any other for whom you petition, but of nearly every case that is appealed to me. You speak of Jeffreys, in the time of James II, and the French revolution. Now, my good old friend, be a little more in the merry mood. Have we not, as a people, been more forbearing than any people on earth? Did we not bear the taunts and insults of these secessionists until forbearance was cowardice? Have they not tried to coerce you into rebellion, and did they not begin to burn the houses of Union men in Kentucky and carry off the slaves of Union men in Kentucky, when I, poor innocent, would not let a soldier take a green apple, or a fence rail to make a cup of coffee? Why Why! we have not yet caught up with our friends of the South in this respect for private rights. Still, I do not propose to make their acts the test or model of my official actions. I do know that families of hitherto great respectability in Lexington and Frankfort, blind to the interests of the industrious classes of your State, have and do continue to encourage the public enemy in every way in their power. I hope General Burbridge will send to the Dry Tortugas, or Brazil, every one of these men, women, and children, and encourage a new breed. I hope he will do no single act of injustice, not one; but he is human and not infallible. No act will be done which cannot be recalled. Still, for the time being, they must go away. I hope the blow will fall on no friend of yours, but should it, I pledge my honor when the South ceased its strife, sends its members to Congress, and appeals to the courts for its remedy and not to "horrid war," I will be the open advocate for mercy and a restoration to home, and peace, and happiness of all who have lost them by my acts.

Your friend.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 11, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Smithland, Ky.:

If Johnson moves on Salem in force draw the forces there into Smithland. If he threatens your post notify Paducah, asking aid. Be sure to have ample supply of water and bread in fort at all times.

HUGH EWING,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Mayfield, Ky., August 11, 1864.

Brigadier General Henry PRINCE,

Commanding Post of Columbus:

GENERAL: The general commanding the district directs that on the return of the cavalry bearing this dispatch you will send out a scout

16 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT II

