
toward Hickman and east of Hickman, continuing this way two or three days, in order to discover any movement of the enemy's cavalry. Also send every two days infantry scouts, with one day's rations, in the same direction, keeping yourself well posted as to his whereabouts.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. A. HAMILTON,

First Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., August 11, 1864. - 4 p. m.

(Received 17th.)

Major-General SHERMAN:

Yesterday General Hatch attacked a force from Forrest's command, 2,000 strong, under General Chalmers, at Oxford, and drove him pell-mell toward Grenada, capturing 3 caissons. A large portion of A. J. Smith's forces are south of the Tallahatchie, at Abbeville, but owing to very heavy rains for the last few days, washing the railroad badly, there has been some delay in getting supplies forwarded. I hope that two days more may place everything on the south side of the Tallahatchie. There is reason to believe that they mean to fight us on this line between here and Grenada. As soon as they can be brought to bay and whipped effectually General Smith will move to Decatur. In addition to his force proper, 10,000 strong he has 3,000 colored troops from Memphis, three Minnesota regiments sent me from Saint Louis, and 4,000 cavalry. When he takes up his line of march for Decatur shall he not send back to Memphis all but his own forces, as it will be perfectly safe to do so? My force now at Memphis are all 100-days' men whose time will expire on the 30th. General Canby orders me at all times to keep a force on hand to assist General Steele, should he need help. When your orders and General Canby's conflict whom am I to obey? I have been embarrassed by conflicting orders heretofore. To have obeyed General Canby would have defeated General Smith's last expedition. General Forrest is not dead, but was in Pontotoc four days ago.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

MOSCOW, August 11, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN,

On train, west:

Not knowing you were at La Grange to-day I sent the following dispatch a few hours ago to the commanding officers at Holly Springs and Davis' Mills, which I now repeat to you, viz:

A reliable citizen scout, who has heretofore proved truthful, just now reports that Chalmers is confronting General smith for a feint while Forrest and Dick Taylor are moving to the north, flanking him and expecting to come in at La Grange or farther north with a large force, say 20,000 men. This is from rebel sources and the scout believes it. I give it for what it is worth.

A. H. BEREMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

