
to submit so soon as copies can be made for use in Kentucky and this office. A map of the defenses of Covington and Newport has already been furnished the Engineer Department (February 9, 1863), but as I have had the surveys considerably extended I have had a new map made, which will be forwarded as soon as a copy of it can be made for this office. The commanding officer of the Northern Department, Major-General Heintzelman, which embraces these works, has been supplied with a trace of the line of works. The fortifications at Camp Nelson (a large military depot), which are quite extensive and have been made chiefly by impressed and soldiers' labor, are nearly completed, and if the requisite fatigue force can be detailed from the troops garrisoning the post, for which I have made requisition will be finished in a few weeks. The depot at Camp Burnside on the Cumberland River, near Somerset, being about to be abandoned, I have directed all engineering operations at that post to be stopped. A survey of this locality has been made by my direction but not yet forwarded to this office.

On the 28th day of July I had the following correspondence with Major-General Schofield:
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY COMMANDER,Louisville, Ky., July 28, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

Atlanta, Ga.:

General Burbridge has directed me to throw up some fortifications at this place, build an additional work at Lexington, a work at Mount Sterling, strengthen the defenses at Frankfort, and modify the works at Louisa. These works are all necessary, and it would facilitate matters very much to have your orders in the premises. Be pleased to reply as soon as possible.

J. H. SIMPSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,July 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. SIMPSON, U. S. Engineers:

In reply to your dispatch of this day, you are authorized and directed to make such additions and modifications in the fortifications of Louisville, Lexington, Mount Sterling, and Frankfort as yourself and General Burbridge may deem necessary and proper, having due regard to economy.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

In accordance with the above instructions from Major-General Schofield I have, after proper personal reconnaissances, commenced operations at Mount Sterling, Lexington, Frankfort, and Louisville; the plans furnished being at each locality small inclosed field- work of about 200 yards total development along the interior crest, with the exception of that at Louisville, which will be about 500 yards. Other works may follow at Louisville, as opportunity and the means available will allow. These works are all being done by soldiers' labor, except at Frankfort, where it is done by the State, and at Louisville, by the city, I furnishing the plans and engineering force. I have also to report that I am engaged in rebuilding the stockade defending the bridges on the Kentucky Central Railroad burned by the rebels under John Morgan in his raid in June last, at the following points: Keller's Bridge (two stockades); Kimbrough's Bridge (two stockades); Townsend's Bridge (two stockades).

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. SIMPSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Engineers.

