HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 13, 1864.

Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT,

Commanding WEST Gulf Blockading Squadron,

Mobile Bay, Ala.:

MY DEAR ADMIRAL: I send over this morning by your dispatch-boat General Bailey and Captains McAlester and Palfrey, engineers. General Arnold will also come over as soon as he gets his material well under way. I will also send General Granger some additional force to be sued in the prosecution of the work against Fort Morgan, or the occupation of Cedar Point, as may be considered most advisable. After we left you yesterday I was impressed with the idea that the obstructions placed by the rebels in Grant's Pass had deepened the water in Heron Pass, and that one might find it more advantageous to use it than Grant's. Will it not be well to have this examined? Colonel Sawtelle is now looking for a dredge- boat, and will send it in as soon as a suitable one can be found.

I send you a telegram* which has just reached me. I have no doubt it is correct in its main features. If I should get anything more before the boat leaves I will send it. Please let me know when I can do anything that will serve you in any way.

We have about 30,000 tons of anthracite and 250,000 bushels of bituminous coal, and can spare you what you may need until your own supplies come on. Two light-draught boats will be sent over to General Granger for service in the bay.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General,
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 13, 1864.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Dauphin Island and Mobile Point, Ala.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that Brigadier-General Arnold, Brevet Brigadier-General Bailey, and Captains McAlester and Palfrey have been ordered to report to you for temporary duty. The first-named officer will report as soon as he has collected all the necessary siege materials; the others leave here at 7 this evening. The steamers Tamaulipas and James M. Brown have been ordered sent to you. Some 1,200 to 1,500 additional troops will be sent to you as soon as possible.

I have the honor to transmit copy of dispatch* reporting the capture of Atlanta, with severe losses on both sides. The steamer Planter will carry siege material to you, and can be retained if you need her services.

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 13, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding District of Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that he desires that General Orders, Numbers 31,+ from these headquarters,

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

+See July 30, 1864, Vol. XLI.

---------------

