
shall be carried out to the letter in your district, and that particular attention be given to the numerous hangers-on of the army who are fattening on the war and contributing nothing to its support; there are a great number of such both at Vicksburg and Natchez. In regard to all matters concerning trade I am directed by the commanding general to say that he makes no exception from the rules established by General Orders, Numbers 33,* and that he desires that none should be made within the limits of his command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 14, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Near Atlanta, Ga.:

Our official information extends only to the passage of the forts by the fleet and Granger's landing on Dauphin Island. Through the rebel papers we learn that Forts Gaines and Powell were captured and destroyed. I have seen nothing to indicate that either Fort Morgan or Mobile had been taken, and I have no reason to hope that the fleet or Granger's command will be able to open the Alabama River. Your dispatch+ will be sent to General Grant for his reply. #

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 14, 1864.

Honorable JAMES GUTHRIE,

Louisville:

MY DEAR SIR: I regret exceedingly the arrest of many gentlemen and persons in Kentucky, and still more that they should give causes of arrest. I cannot in person inquire into these matters, but must leave them to the officer who is commissioned and held responsible by Government for the peace and safety of Kentucky. It does appear to me when our national integrity is threatened and the very fundamental principles of all government endangered that minor issues should not be made by Judge Bullitt and others. We cannot all substitute our individual opinions, however honest, as the test of authority. As citizens and individuals we should waive and abate our private notions of right and policy to those of the duly appointed agents of the Government, certain that if they be in error the time will be short when the real principles will manifest themselves and be recognized. In your career how often have you not believed our Congress had adopted a wrong policy and how short the time now seems to you when the error rectified itself or you were willing to admit yourself wrong. I notice in Kentucky a disposition to cry against the tyranny and oppression of our Government. Now, were it not for war you know tyranny could not exist in our Government; therefore any acts of late partaking of

---------------

*See August 3, 1864, Vol. XLI.

+See Vol. XXXVIII, Part V, p. 482.

#See Grant to Sherman, 8. 30 p. m., Vol. XXXVIII, Part V, p. 488.

---------------

