
that aspect are the result of war; and who made this war? Already we find ourselves drifting toward new issues, and are beginning to forget the strong facts of the beginning. You know and I know that long before the North, or the Federal Government, dreamed of war the South had seized the U. S. arsenals, forts, mints, and custom- houses, and had made prisoners of war of the garrisons sent at their urgent demand to protect them "against Indians, Mexicans, and negroes. " I know this of my own knowledge, because when the garrison of Baton Rouge was sent to the Rio Grande to assist in protecting that frontier against the guerrilla Cortina, who had cause of offense against the Texan people, Governor Moore made strong complaints and demanded a new garrison for Baton Rouge, alleging as a reason that it was not prudent to have so much material of war in a parish where there were 20,000 slaves and less than 5,000 whites, and very shortly after this he and Bragg, backed by the militia of New Orleans, made "prisoners of war" of that very garrison, sent there at their own request. You also remember well who first burned the bridges of your railroad, who forced Union men to give up their slaves to work on the rebel forts at Bowling Green, who took wagons, and horses and burned houses of persons differing with them honestly in opinion, when I would not let our men burn fence rails for fire or gather fruit or vegetables though hungry, and these were the property of outspoken rebels. We at that time were restrained, tied by a deep-seated reverence for law and property. The rebels first introduced terror as a part of their system, and forced contributions to diminish their wagon trains and thereby increase the mobility and efficiency of their columns. When General Buell had to move at a snail's pace with his vast wagon trains Bragg moved rapidly, living on the country. No military mind could endure this long, and we are forced in self- defense to imitate their example. To me this whole matter seems simple. We must to live and prosper, be governed by law, and as near that which we inherited as possible. Our hitherto political and private differences were settled by debate, or vote, or decree of a court. We are still willing to return to that system, but our adversaries say no, and appeal to war. They dared us to war, and you remember how tauntingly they defied us to the contest. We have accepted the issue and it must be fought out. You might as well reason with a thunder-storm. War is the remedy our enemies have chosen. Other simple remedies were within their choice. You know it and they know it, but they wanted war, and I say let us give them all they want; not a word of argument, not a sign of let up, no cave in till we are whipped or they are. Those side issues of niggers, State rights, conciliation, outrages cruelty, barbarity, bankruptcy, subjugation, &amp;c., are all idle and nonsensical. The only principle in this war is, which party can whip. It is as simple as a schoolboy's fight, and when one or the other party gives in we will be the better friends. I confess to-day I have more respect for some of the open enemies than I have for the canting sneaks to my rear and though they call me pretty hard names I believe the feeling is reciprocated. I hope the question will soon resolve itself into "Shall we have a government that must be obeyed, and will you fight fort it?" and if the answer be affirmative they are friends, if in the negative or doubtful, then they are enemies or mere denizens of the land, stripped of the right of suffrage, debarred from speaking or writing, yea even from marrying, for I would stop the breed. If the people of our country had at any stage of existence of this war rise to the full occasion, instead of being put off with sickly expedients, we would long since had peace, and the longer we remain blind to it the longer will be the

