
war, the more of these insidious, mean little side issues that harass you in Kentucky and the fearful load of debt that somebody must pay.

I surely wish you all in Kentucky well. I want to push the main rebel army far from you, and to root out that other class, who, under the plea of being soldiers are regarded by us all as common vagabonds and thieves. Joe Johnston would never sanction such dogs as call themselves guerrillas in Kentucky, nor would Lee or Bragg, or any other man who thinks he is fighting establish a new and independent government better suited to their interests and honor. I will, therefore, sustain General Burbridge if satisfied he is not influenced by mere personal motives, and nothing has occurred to evince anything of the kind. Bullitt and the rest must therefore spend some years abroad and take time to study and reflect on the great theory, of self-government which began with old Adam and has made precious little progress since. I should like Governor Bramlette and the real thinking men of Kentucky to know the kindly feelings I entertain toward them, and how earnest is my wish to insure to them tranquillity and peace.

With respect.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUDON, August 14, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scouts sent out to Citico on 12th instant returned; report a fight with rebels whipped and ran them into the mountains; wounded 2, leaving them for dead; took 2 prisoners, 5 stand of arms, 1 horse, 1 mule.

M. L. PATTERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding

(Memoranda in pencil.)

P. - Thanks; the rebels are reported coming down the valley; keep a sharp lookout.

W. P. A.

Colonel D[ILLARD,]

Cumberland Gap:

Let me know when the party arrives.

W. P. A
HEADQUARTERS,Cumberland Gap, August 14, 1864. - 11. 45 a. m.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

There are 400 rebels, under Slemp, five miles east of Tazewell. I will send a force to cut them off from Mulberry Gap. Can you send a scout to Thorn Hill? If you can, I think we will be able to bag them.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

