
LEXINGTON, KY., August 14, 1864

Brigadier General E. H. HOBSON,

Lebanon, Ky.:

It is of great importance you should move immediately. Rebels concentrating at Uniontown. Answer.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, KY., August 14, 1864.

Brigadier General HUGH EWING,

Louisville, Ky.:

Order the FIFTY-second [Kentucky] to move toward Uniontown and menace Johnson until Hobson can come up with his force, and all of the Forty-eighth and Twenty-sixth [Kentucky] you can get together.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, August 14, 1864. - 3 p. m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Columbus, Ohio:

It is thought that the Pennsylvania regiment sent to Johnson's Island will not be required there, and should be put at Gallipolis. The gun-boats at Cincinnati should be manned with thirty men each, selected from the Veteran Reserves, and one should go up as soon as possible to Gallipolis. That point should be looked to at once, as Morgan may be aiming at it.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MEMPHIS, TENN., August 14, 1864,

(Received 17th.)

Major-General SHERMAN:

I am informed by a member of General Canby's staff, just from New Orleans, that General Canby has placed General Dana in command of the District of Vicksburg. The enemy is troublesome on the river below, and is believed to be making a determined effort to cross to the east side. The steamer Express was riddled and nearly captured near Gaines' Landing four days ago: 5 persons killed and 12 wounded. This was probably a feint to draw the gun-boats there. you understand that if Smith goes to Decatur I am powerless to do anything toward keeping the river open should the navigation be interfered with. I have just received a peremptory order from General Canby to keep 5,000 men in readiness here to send as may be required. What am I to do when your orders and General Canby's conflict?*

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

---------------

*For Washburn to Canby, August 14, in reference to same subject, see Vol. XLI.

---------------

