HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Holly Springs, Miss., August 14, 1864.

Major J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report that the detachment sent out on the Salem road proceeded to that town, finding no enemy and learning through rumor and by means of inquiries among citizens that the enemy were thought to be below the Tallahatchie River. Saw a few scouts in and about Salem, but could not catch them.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

E. F. WINSLOW,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF Vicksburg, Numbers 18. Vicksburg, Miss., August 14, 1864.

Pursuant to orders from Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, assigning me to the command of the Twentieth Army Corps, I hereby relinquish command of the District and Post of Vicksburg.

H. W. SLOCUM,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

Mobile Bay, August 14, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

DIVISION of WEST Mississippi, New Orleans, La.:

DEAR GENERAL: I received your kind letter by the mail-boat, and learn with great pleasure that Atlanta is at last taken, but I cannot believe it until I get a good acknowledgment by the enemy that they have been whipped, and show their tribulation for Mobile and Savannah.

I intend visiting Mobile City to-day, outside the obstructions. I shall take Granger along with me, so as to have a perfect understanding of all the forces, naval and military. I shall take up a couple of monitors by way of making a reconnaissance in force.

As to Grant's Pass: The Rose brought through to-day nine feet at high tide; Pass Heron can only bring through four and a half. I really do not think there will be any necessity for a dredge, as there is more water in the pass than I found outside in the sound. your boats came through all safe to-day. I continue to amuse the fort with a shell every fifteen or twenty minutes, night and day.

Very respectfully, yours,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

P. S. -Your kind offer of coal will be gladly accepted. There may be enough at Pensacola for our present wants, but I think the commodore will want some to send to Texas.

Respectfully,

D. G. F.

