HEADQUARTERS,Mobile Point, August 14, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the steamer Tamaulipas with four 8-inch mortars arrived this morning and is now on her way to Mobile Point to disembark the same near Fort Morgan. The Seventeenth Ohio Battery has also arrived in the Saint Mary's, and will be forwarded immediately to our field of operations. I visited the picket-lines last evening and found everything progressing very favorably. If not further delayed by the incessant rains, which seem to prevail to a pitiless extent during this month particularly, I shall have all my Parrotts in position to-morrow morning; two are already mounted and the others are on their way. our sharpshooters have succeeded in silencing the guns of the enemy on the east and north faces of Fort Morgan. They are now close to the glacis and maintain an annoying vigilance. The monitors with the ram Tennessee are drawn up in line on the prolongation of our right flank, and commenced shelling the fort yesterday afternoon with great effect. They continued this sharp practice during the night and are still at work, firing with great accuracy and to all appearances doing great execution. Upon the arrival of the two additional regiments promised me by General Canby during his visit last week, I propose making a lodgment and throwing up a redoubt at Cedar Point a short distance north of Fort Powell, as I deem it important to hold that position. Deserters, contrabands, and refugees, from Fort Morgan, Mobile Point, and Mobile are arriving daily. I forward a squad of the former to New Orleans by to-day's dispatch. On Tuesday morning next I hope to have twenty-two guns in position and at work.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 97. New Orleans, La., August 14, 1864.

* * * * * *

3. Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Mobile Point, Ala., and report to Major General Gordon Granger, commanding U. S. forces, for assignment to duty.

* * * * * * *

6. Three companies (about 250 men) of the Seventy-fourth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry will be transferred from Ship Island for temporary service at Mobile Point, Ala., and reported on arrival there to Major General Gordon Granger, commanding U. S. forces, for duty with Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of artillery of the Department of the Gulf.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

