
STRAWBERRY PLAINS, August 15, 1864.

Captain W. W. DEANE:

The reports of the enemy at Bull's Gap very from 600 to 3,000. The most reliable reports make it from 900 to 1,200. Morgan is said to be in command; headquarters at the gap; they have their tents pitched and camp established about one mile this side the gap. Captain Walker, of Colonel Crawford's scouts, got this information from a reliable citizen who left the vicinity of Bull's Gap yesterday, or the day before. I have heard nothing of Breckinridge being in command. Colonel Kirk told me this morning that he had information that they sent one train of forty wagons back, loaded with wheat.

L. S. TROWBRIDGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 15, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

Johnston seized 3 steamers Saturday night. He crossed near Shawneetown, Ill., on Sunday with 1,500 men. Have telegraphed General Ewing Hobson must move lively. I sent one veteran regiment and start another one to-night for Evansville and Mount Vernon. I have ordered them to mount themselves, and have also ordered that no boat stay on the Kentucky shore between Evansville and Louisville unless by permission of commander of one of those posts.

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General.

PADUCAH, KY., August 15, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE:

Two hundred and seventy-five cattle were taken from the boat at Caseyville this morning or last night. The boats were fired into and 1 man killed. Guerrillas on both sides of the river.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General.

CAIRO, August 5, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. PAINE:

GENERAL: I received [information] to-day that the rebels have crossed the Ohio into Illinois at Shawneetown or near there 700 strong. Have you correct information upon the subject? Is there anything that I can do in the matter?

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 15, 1864.

General HOBSON,

Elizabethtown, Ky.:

I forward following dispatch. * I have ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson to obey your orders. Lieutenant-Colonel Hester, now at Elizabethtown, will place his available force at your disposal. I think

---------------

*See Burbridge to Ewing, August 14, p. 250.

---------------

