
from breaking out, but would afford but feeble resistance if aided by even a small force of the disloyal from without. The discovery of those secret organizations shows that this danger from without is not imaginary nor to be despised. With a loyal population surrounding these prisons I moved feel no uneasiness as to their security. On the 27th the detachment (four companies) of the One hundred and sixty-second Ohio National Guard, now at Tod Barracks, in this town, and employed in guarding the arsenals, &amp;c., will be mustered out of service, and I do not know where to find troops to replace them. In addition the provost-marshal-general of this State is calling on me to furnish troops to aid in serving notices of the draft, as in certain localities no one can be found to do so without military aid. There will undoubtedly be resistance to the draft, and if more troops are collected here now they would aid in quieting this disloyal element as well as be available in enforcing the draft.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ohio, August 15, 1864.

Brigadier General A. WILLICH,

Commanding, Cincinnati, &c.:

A force of rebels, under Colonel Johnson, crossed the Ohio near Shawneetown Saturday night; the force is reported 1,500 strong. Troops have been sent from Indianapolis; so inform commander of gun-boats, and have him aid in intercepting them. Have a gun-boat go at once to Gallipolis. See Colonel Swords and ascertain if he can send any boats to Gallipolis.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Information telegraphed to Captain A. M. Pennock, Cairo, Ill. ; Colonel J. H. Simpson, U. S. Engineers, Cincinnati; Lieutenant- Colonel Oakes, Springfield, Ill; and commanding officer, Cairo, Ill.)

[AUGUST 15, 1864. -For Washburn to Canby, in reference to troops of Seventeenth Army Corps on the White River, in Arkansas, &c., see Vol. XLI.]
HEADQUARTERS,Mobile Point, August 15, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Brevet Brigadier-General Bailey reported yesterday, and has been assigned by me to the command of all the forces operating on the WEST shore of Mobile Bay, including Fort Gaines, and the position at Cedar Point, which I shall occupy and hold as soon as the two additional regiments arrive. To

