
further this object I respectfully request that the Ninety-ninth U. S. Colored Infantry (engineers) may be ordered here forthwith, as their services are very much required in preparing works in the field, placing Fort Gaines in proper order, attending to the saw- mills, and such other duties as specially belong to an engineer regiment. The Ninety-sixth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry is now employed on Mobile Point, and their services cannot possibly be dispensed with in that locality. Should the regiment be assigned to my command, General Bailey requests that the tools specified in the inclosed list, which were turned in to the assistant quartermaster at Morganza, may be sent with it. I have also to request that two companies of cavalry may be directed to report to me at this point. Upon the occupation of Cedar Point they can be used to great advantage in scouting toward Mobile, and in obtaining information of much importance to the further progress of our operations. I opened with two of my Parrotts on Fort Morgan yesterday afternoon, and to-morrow morning will salute it with four more and the four mortars. In the firing by the monitors yesterday afternoon the flag-staff in Fort Morgan was knocked away, which caused no little excitement and cheering amongst the land forces in close proximity thereto. In company with Admiral Farragut I made a reconnaissance of the bay this morning to within four miles of Mobile. The obstructions are about one mile and a half below the city, and appear to be of a formidable character. We passed up with two monitors and four gun-boats, and our appearance created intense excitement and commotion. Several shots were exchanged with their gun-boats, but their river steamers left the wharves very hurriedly, with full cargoes of citizens and contrabands. The people of Mobile evidently believed that their fate was sealed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, August 16, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All I can hear of is 400 at Benton. There does not seem to be a larger force in this vicinity.

M. B. EWING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, August 16, 1864.

Brigadier General E. A. PAINE,

Paducah, Ky.:

Leaving a sufficient garrison at Paducah, move with 1,500 men at once against the rebel force at Uniontown, either by river or by land, as you deem best. A mounted force is moving up from Hopkinsville and another from Elizabethtown; these troops are under General Hobson. Communicate by telegraph with General Ewing, at Louisville, for information concerning Hobson's movements. General James Hughes, Indiana militia, also has a co-operating force at Evansville. Answer.

By order of Brevet Major-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

17 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT II

