
by the orders of my predecessor, General Orders, No. 15. On ascertaining, by means of the expedition under Colonel Moore, that there was no longer any regularly organized force in this district, and having applications from persons to bring in supplies, I concluded that till I should receive instructions I would place it in the power of post commanders here and at Paducah to permit persons whom they should be satisfied were unconditional Union men to bring a moderate amount of supplies. For this purpose I published the inclosed order and gave special instructions to Colonel Hicks and Colonel Lawrence. It is my opinion that in this course the Union people can be encouraged sense to begin with an can be expanded by my instructions. I have information that intercepted letters showed much smuggling through the district into Tennessee. Great quantities of goods went from Paducah to Fulton, and, of course, into WEST Tennessee. If this region should be allowed unrestricted trading, WEST Tennessee would be supplied from it. The anti-unionism is so strong in this district that large bodies of guerrillas, led by men of respectable families, assemble in the best settled parts. They captured a picket of Colonel Moore's near Mayfield, nine men. I hope to recover them, for I do not see how they can get them off. Sixty of them in a band killed 3 men day before yesterday between Baltimore and Dublin. When trade is open the worst men toward the Government enjoy the most of it on account of the strength of anti-unionism, and I believe a genuine Union man is prevented form trading. They break him up. The railroads from Paducah to Union City, and from Columbus to Union City, are not in running order at present. I am informed by the engineer that the latter can be run in a week, bridging being required. Railroad men from Paducah say three or five days would put the other in order; two or three culverts require repairs. I have not begun in earnest to repair the railroad hence to Union City, although I have caused the engineer to make an estimate of the work. It will not be attended with any great expense, but if the roads is to run no farther I do not see why it should be opened. Your order will meet with the difficulties you mention, but it commends itself to all military persons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

P. S. -The road from Paducah to Union City being in order for military purposes would possibly be the means of controlling guerrillas to some extent, but their hostility would be directed against it if used solely for military purposes. This letter supposes that Columbus, Paducah, and Cairo are the only positions permanently occupied by troops, and that their garrisons are but sufficient to hold them when threatened. The object of my Order No. 27 is to keep what trade is permitted, if possible, in the hands of undoubted Union men-the only real citizens of the Government, in my opinion-without proclaiming it as a policy.

H. P.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO, No. 27. Cairo, Ill., May 9, 1864.

In the opinion of the commanding general some relaxation of General Orders, No. 15, is needed, hence the commanding officers of Paducah,

