
skirts of town, in saloons and fourth-rate boarding houses, and under proper surveillance. I also furnish the names of the leading men of the secret order, who are urging resistance to the Government, and are identified with such measures: H. H. Dodd, Indianapolis, Ind. ; Horace Heffren, Salem, Ind. ; J. J. Bingham, Indianapolis, Ind. ; Andrew Humphrey, Linton, Green County, Ind. ; L. P. Milligan, Huntington, Ind. ; W. A. Bowles, French Lick Springs, Orange County. Linton and French Lick Springs are quite removed from railroads and surrounded by traitors. Bowled has his doors barred and watches with signals to rally help at all times.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., August 16, 1864.

Colonel W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Special Field Orders, Numbers 90, dated August 6, in regard to the troops of the Seventeenth Corps, has been received. I regret to say that I cannot comply with it, for the reason that the troops are now serving in Arkansas, having been sent there about one week since, pursuant to an order from Major-General Canby. I was ordered by General C[anby] to relieve a force which he had sent to Saint Charles, on White River, and I had no other troops but these with which to comply with the orders. My position recently has been quite embarrassing from the conflicting orders which I have received from Generals Canby and Sherman. The last expedition of General Smith, which resulted in the defeat of Forrest, I should have had to abandon had I not disobeyed General Canby's orders. The order assigning General Canby to command recited that-

Orders given by Major-General Canby, commanding the Military DIVISION of WEST Mississippi, will be obeyed by all the troops on the eastern bank of the MISSISSIPPI River.

You will readily see my awkward position. I write to know what I am to do when I receive orders from Generals Sherman and Howard directing me to do one thing, and from General Canby direction me to do the opposite?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., August 16, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, U. S. ARMY:

GENERAL: From the time of taking command here by your orders, I have conducted, without ostentation, the necessary business of this district, and have occupied myself assiduously, being a stranger to it, in the endeavor to become acquainted with it-a slow work- sufficiently to form a judgment in the first person of its condition as respects the rebellion and the course which ought to be pursued. The utmost activity of the troops consistent with the nature of them, the immense changes which have taken place in them, and the good of the district and the cause, has been kept up. The utmost care and fidelity and

