
purity and applying the restrictions of trade prescribed by authority over me, have been observed. But the absence of noise and pretense on my part appears to have led to the impression that nothing was being achieved, and a new commander of the district, imbued with that idea, and with the theory that the sickest patient requires the most violent dosing, has, unannounced, superseded me. To being superseded I make no objection, but a policy calculated, in my belief, to spread ruin and devastation, and having no good in it, is being pursued at the moment that an improvement in the feeling of the citizens toward the Government was making itself apparent to me. They were getting tired of the rebel reign of terror, propagated by guerrillas, and were meditating on the comfort of being relieved from them and of having a government. The new policy propagates a new reign of terror by means of soldiers and hired assassins and unsettles every nook of society. The facts which I shall state to illustrate the mode of proceeding are only some which are well and thoroughly known to me. This new commander took from my custody at Columbus, Ky., a man named Kesterson, whom I had captured and whom I was holding in prison for trial, conducted him to Paducah, Ky., and publicly killed him there, in semblance of an execution, without authority of law or any proper justification. One Gregory, a citizen heading a gang employed by the new commander and acting under his orders, too a man named Bryant from his bed, near Dublin, in the district, conducted him to Mayfield, and there publicly killed him in semblance of an execution, without authority of law or any proper justification. The first of these acts was committed on the 27th day of July, 1864; the second on the 2nd of this present month. He has sent under guard from this neighborhood quiet and peaceable citizens, who had taken the oath of allegiance, and actually banished them to Canada. The main object of my writing this letter is to show that I have not barticipator in these acts, which are patent to the public here, and to ask to be relieved-which has occurred from other authority while I am writing. I beg leave, in vindication of myself, to add my protest against them in the name of God and of all my countrymen who respect the rights of mankind.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Holly Springs, Miss., August 16, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

COLONEL: The colonel commanding DIVISION districts that you hold your command in readiness to move to-morrow, August 17, 1864, at 5 a. m., and await further orders. Order of march: First, First Brigade, THIRD DIVISION; second, wagons of First Brigade; THIRD, Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION; fourth, wagons of Second Brigade; fifth, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infantry Volunteers. You will also draw in your pickets at daylight to-morrow morning.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. COMSTOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

