HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 17, 1864.

(Received 6 p. m. 18th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of yesterday is received. * We must have the Alabama River, and, if I remember the bay, the best river channel is on the Tensas side; but, of course, I must trust to Admiral Farragut and General Canby. I have a tight grip on Atlanta, and was on the point of swinging round to the southeast when Wheeler went to my rear with 6,000 cavalry; he has passed into East Tennessee, having damage us but little. I will avail myself of his absence to reciprocate the compliment, and to-morrow night the Macon road must be broken good. General Kilpatrick will undertake it. Wheeler cannot disturb Knoxville or Loudon. He may hurt some of the minor points, but, on the whole, East Tennessee is a good place for him to break down his horses and a poor place to steal new ones. All well.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NEAR ATLANTA, GA., August 17, 1864-11. 30 p. m.

(Received 7 p. m. 18th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Canby's orders and mine begin to conflict on the Mississippi. My orders are for A. J. Smith to come across to Decatur, and General Canby orders Washburn to hold 5,000 men to be ready for his call. He cannot do both. I think that the Department of the Tennessee extends over the territory east of the river, and that we control it, and have the nomination of all post commanders; but they must assist Canby in maintaining the navigation of the river. Still, I do not wish to make points of difference at this time. Please define clearly our boundaries, that our subordinates may not infer a conflict of authority.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Louisville, Ky., August 17, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

We absolutely require here the formation of colored regiments for duty in the quartermaster's department and at posts, in order to have laborers at soldiers' wages, thus saving large sums, and to have permanent labor to relieve men fit for field service and secure them in the field, to avoid sending away slaves who are to fit to bear arms. Can do valuable duty. Sending them away discourages enlistments. The officers to be examined for this purpose. Six hundred and sixty suitable men have already been collected.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

---------------

*Probably of August 14, 2 p. m., p. 247.

---------------

