
one regiment now guarding the large number of prisoners at Camp Chase. Cannot another regiment be ordered to report to me here at once? I cannot get along without it.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., August 17, 1864-3 p. m.

(Received 9 a. m. 26th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

I returned from Mobile Bay on the morning of the 13th. The communications with the fleet are fully secured by the occupation of Forts Gaines and Powell. The outworks of Fort Morgan, batteries Gee and Bragg, were abandoned by the rebels, and the fort closely invested by Granger's forces. Batteries of 30-pounder rifle guns have been established at 1,200 yards, and of mortars at 500 yards from the fort. The troops are well covered from the fire of the enemy, and very few casualties have occurred. Farragut coincides with me in the opinion that it will be unwise to make any direct attempt upon Mobile until the co-operating land force can be largely increased. This cannot be done now, but such demonstrations will be made from the bay and from the MISSISSIPPI as will keep up the state of uneasiness now felt there, and operating in favor of General Sherman. General E. K. Smith has nearly completed the reorganization of his army. Magruder commands the District of Arkansas; Buckner the District of WEST Louisiana; are moving eastward and toward the Mississippi, above the mouth of Red River. The transfer of General A. J. Smith's command to Sherman's front makes it advisable that any troops that can be spared from the main operations should be concentrated at Memphis, with the view of supporting the line of the Arkansas, as I cannot now safely draw any considerable force from General Washburn's command.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 17, 1864.

General CANBY, New Orleans:

Dispatch of 6th received. Convey to Admiral Farragut my admiration of the bold and successful passage of the Mobile forts. I am familiar with fort Morgan, and would advise that a single gun-boat lay above Pilot Cove and prevent supplies going to Fort Morgan, and time will work its fall. To reduce Mobile I would pass a force up the Tensas and across to old Fort Stoddard, and operate in the direction of Citronelle. The Mobile and Ohio road broken and the river occupied, Mobile would be untenable to the rebels. If possible, the Alabama River should be possessed by us in connection with my movement. I could easily open communication with Montgomery, but I doubt if you will have troops enough till the September draft. I am pressing Atlanta hard, but don't want Kirby Smith here. I can beat Hood in the open field, but not intrenched. I have repeatedly disabled his roads, but the manages to patch them up.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

