HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, August 18, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM T. SHAW,

Commanding THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you move with your command to-morrow morning, the pioneer corps and the THIRD Brigade at 5 o'clock, and the First and Second Brigades at 7 o'clock. The cavalry will precede the pioneer corps.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. IRON-CLAD ESSEX,

Memphis, Tenn., August 18, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of WEST Tennessee:

GENERAL: Inclosed* herewith I send you the names of the regularly armed vessels composing the several DIVISIONS of the MISSISSIPPI squadron as the same are arranged in districts by Admiral Porter's last general order in regard to them. To the respective names I have added initials, whose significance is shown in the explanations subjoined to the list. I have also given you a condensed outline sketch of the several classes of armed vessels belonging to the squadron, which I trust will enable you to form a clear, general idea of their character and force. Thus, I hope I have satisfactorily fulfilled my promise given to you the other evening. You will notice that tow of the double-turreted monitors were in Admiral Farragut's gallant fight with Forts Morgan and Gaines, and the rebel iron-clads in Mobile Bay. When the details are received I think we will find that they did good service in their own peculiar way. Now that I am writing, general, I beg leave to recall your attention to an expression in your General Orders, Numbers 4, which far and wide has received an interpretation most offensive to the navy, an interpretation which I feel sure you could have had no intention to convey. I refer to the phrase-"the farce of landing under the guns of a gunboat. " Even before I had the pleasure of making your acquaintance I felt sure that, as an officer of rank and a gentleman, you could not have intended to offer a gratuitous insult to the sister service. And thus believing I understood you to mean that, with corrupt treasury agents to grant permits, and with orders from high quarters that gunboats should not interfere with steamers having revenue aids on board, the act of landing under the guns of a gun-boat could be only a farce. And, as Admiral Porter states in his General Orders, Numbers 209+ (I beg leave to draw your attention to the copy inclosed herewith), quoting and indorsing your own General Orders, Numbers 4, under the late Treasury regulations, the fisco-fiducial duties of the navy were limited to the prevention of the introduction of articles contraband of war within the enemy's lines. The permit of a corrupt Treasury agent, indorsed by a venal military commander, could pour the products of Europe and of the North over the rebel cotton-fields, with none to gainsay the authority or prevent the act, though a whole fleet of gun-boats lined every reach

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

+See p. 61.

