
LEXINGTON, August 19, 1864.

Major General S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Columbus, Ohio:

It will be impossible for me to spare you a regiment at present. My troops are all needed to attend to Johnson and to watch Wheeler's movements, who threatens Kentucky from East Tennessee.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

INDIANAPOLIS, August 19, 1864.

(Received 10. 50 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel S. H. LATHROP:

I ordered the troops sent from here to follow up Johnson whenever they found him. Just received dispatch by courier from General Hovey, at Morganfield, that he scattered them in every direction and was sending expeditions to White Oak Springs, Caseyville, and Geiger's Lake, and had assessed expenses upon disloyal citizens of Union County, Ky. Conductor of Terre Haute road reports trouble in Illinois, without particulars.

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General.

NEW ORLEANS, August 19, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 25th.)

Major-General WASHBURN:

Your dispatch of the 14th has been received. Immediately after you advised me that A. J. Smith had been ordered to join Sherman, I went to Mobile Bay for the purpose of conferring with Admiral Farragut. The immediate operations at that place will be limited to the reduction of the forts and the control of the bay and such demonstrations as will serve as a diversion in favor of General Sherman's operations. No direct attack will be made upon Mobile until we have a larger land force than can be spared. We shall probably need all our troops on the river. If Kirby Smith fails in his attempt to cross the MISSISSIPPI River, he will probably attack Steele. His troops from Texas and Western Louisiana are now moving up and toward the river. I am getting transportation for the movement of 15,000 men up the river, if that should be his intention. Please keep your available troops and transportation in readiness. I have asked, with a view to future operations, that troops raised under the new call that are not required for General Grant's and General Shermans' operations may be ordered to Memphis. We may expect some of them before the 100-days' men are discharged.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, August 19, 1864-3 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta:

It seems absolutely necessary that General Canby should command the troops on both banks of the MISSISSIPPI River. He cannot otherwise protect the navigation or prevent Kirby Smith from re-enforcing

