
Cairo, and Columbus will, until further orders, exercise a sound discretion in permitting supplies to be landed at these posts, for the purpose merely of relieving the absolute necessities of the citizens. They will be held accountable for a careful and intelligent execution of this order.

By command of Brigadier General H. Prince:

J. H. ODLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF Kentucky, No. 42. Lexington, May 14, 1864.

It have been brought to the notice of the general commanding that in some parts of this district attempts have been made to prevent the enlistment of persons desiring to enter the service of the United States, the following extract from the proclamation of the President of the United States, of September 25, 1862, is republished for the information of all concerned:

That during the existing rebellion, and as a necessary measure for suppressing the same, all rebels and insurgents, their aiders and abettors, within the United States, and all persons discouraging volunteer enlistments, resisting militia drafts, or guilty of any disloyal practice, affording aid and comfort to rebels the authority of the United States, shall be subject to martial law and liable to trial and punishment by courts-martial or military commission.

Provost-marshals and deputy provost-marshals throughout this district will arrest and prefer charges against any person violating the above law, and will send all persons so arrested under guard to these headquarters to be tried by a court-martial.

By command of Brigadier-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE, No. 4. Memphis, Tenn., May 14, 1864.

The abuse existing on the MISSISSIPPI River render the interference of the military power imperative. Boats are cleared almost daily from Memphis with clearances for any landing place they may choose, and that without any further restriction than a clause in their clearance that they will not violate the law of the United States. Boats thus cleared, loaded to the guards with a variety of merchandise, proceed down the river, sometimes landing on the shore, sometimes rounding to and anchoring out, and communicating with the shore with small boats. They opened trade with all classes of people, except loyal ones. They negotiate with rebel chieftains and guerrillas for the bringing in of cotton and taking out of supplies. They invite rebel officers and soldiers on board, and drink and hobnob together.

Some boats, I am assured, have been out forty or FIFTY days from their clearances from Memphis, replenishing their supplies from time to time from other boats proceeding up or down the river, running into every creek, bayou, and lagoon where Confederate trace can be carried on. Even the farce of landing under the guns of a gun-boat is seldom complied with. The revenue aids on board of each, with very few exceptions, are known to be of bad character, and many of them are proved

