
Hood. The conflict of orders at Memphis probably results from the fact that General Grant first directed troops in WEST Tennessee to be sent to you, but a few days after directed that General Canby should send everything available to Mobile. I think that you will find General Canby is giving you all the assistance in his power.

H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

(Copies sent by General Sherman to Generals Howard and Washburn August 19.)
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 19, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to the inclosed telegram* of Major-General Washburn, and also to my orders and letters of instructions relative to the matter referred to in the dispatch. While I assure you of my hearty co-operation in everything which may be done by Major-General Canby to promote the general interests of the service, I may be permitted to suggest that the order which sent the detachments of the Seventeenth Corps up White River works great injustice to the officers and men of those regiments. Some of the field officers, many of the line officers, portions of nearly all the companies, are here. Their records are almost entirely with their commands on the Mississippi; hence they can make up no accounts, can draw no pay, nor furnish their sick and wounded men with descriptive lists. As to Vicksburg, I am unable to understand the necessity which required it, there being two general officers of this army there. I doubt not, however, that it will be satisfactorily explained. With your approval, I will again direct General Washburn to relieve the detachments of the Seventeenth Corps with other troops, and order them at once to join their commands in the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, August 19, 1864-10. 45 a. m.

(Received 23d.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

I want here A. J. Smith's DIVISION, and all the parts of the SIXTEENTH and Seventeenth Corps that are already here. I expect the cavalry and balance of A. J. Smith's present command to remain with you, and if they come through to Decatur will send them back, but if A. J. Smith does not go to Columbus you may send the troops described across by the best way you can, retaining the balance.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Washburn to Clark, August 16, p. 260.

---------------

