HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Before Atlanta, Ga., August 20, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of WEST Tennessee, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I send to you by Colonel Howard and Captain Norton, of my staff, copy of communication from Major-General Sherman to Major-General Halleck, relative to the status of the troops in this department as regards the orders of General Canby. You will observe that for tactical purposes General Sherman cheerfully concedes to General Canby the right to control his troops on the MISSISSIPPI River, whenever the necessities of the service may demand, while at the same time he proposes to preserve the integrity of all the organizations, and, if possible, bring into the field all fragments of brigades and DIVISIONS, and at least one DIVISION besides. Colonel Howard, my aide, will give on the matters last referred to, and if the troops are to be relieved and ordered, as requested, you will please see that they are sent without delay. You will also please direct all troops temporarily detached from this department, upon the order of General Canby, to make their "reports and returns" as heretofore, it being my desire to prevent any permanent transfers from this army and to guard against any confusion in records. It would be well in making up any command for General Canby's use to select complete organizations rather than fragmentary regiments. It is very necessary that the portions of the Fourteenth, Seventeenth, and Thirty-THIRD Wisconsin, Eighty- first and Ninety-fifth Illinois, belonging to the Seventeenth Corps, and the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois, belonging to the SIXTEENTH Corps, should be at once relieved and sent to join their commands in the field, and if General Halleck has telegraphed, that besides these another DIVISION can be sent forward to join this command, which you fact you can learn from Colonel Howard, you will please order it forthwith, selecting either the First or THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Corps, now absent, I understand, on expedition under Major General A. J. Smith. Respecting the command at Vicksburg, when General Morgan L. Smith reports for assignment to that district as ordered, I have no doubt that General Canby will at once relieve General Dana on representing the case to him. It being understood that you are under the orders of Major-General Canby for the purpose only of furnishing troops from this department for the proper protection of the navigation of the MISSISSIPPI River, there need be no conflict of orders, and everything will move on harmoniously.

Colonel Howard and Captain Norton, of my staff, will convey any information or suggestions that you may have to make to me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Abbeville, Miss., August 20, 1864.

Colonel W. T. SHAW,

Commanding THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

You will order one brigade of your DIVISION forward to Hurricane Creek, to report to Brigadier-General Hatch, commanding at that point. If the men can carry their rations with them there is no necessity for taking all their teams, as they can be left with a small guard to go for-

