
Rivers, one battery with seven guns and the other with five, one 32-pounder rifled gun in each. It takes one hour to run with steam from the new batteries to the Tensas railroad station, where 350 of a MISSISSIPPI infantry regiment and 100 militia are stationed, Colonel Withers commanding. Along the railroad to Pollard every trestle-work is well guarded. General Maury is in command at Pollard, with 3,000 troops and eight pieces of artillery at his disposal. His advance guard, 400 to 500 strong, all cavalry, is encamped this side Silver Spring, with commissary stores at Widow Lawson's place and at Pine Barren bridge. The rebel camps this side Fort Morgan are deserted, all the cavalry having been ordered from Camps Withers and Powell party to Perdido Mill, WEST side of the river, and partly to Pine Barren bridge, this side of the Perdido. At Milton there is one company of cavalry scouting down to the Blackwater River. Torpedoes are placed in the Escambia from Cotton Ferry upward, and in the Blackwater River below and above Milton. The torpedoes were made at Mobile. General Page, in command at Fort Morgan, reported to General Dabney H. Maury that he would hold the fort to the last man, and that it was not with his consent that Fort Powell was evacuated and Fort Gaines surrendered. Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, Twenty-first Alabama Infantry, late commander at Fort Powell, is under arrest for evacuating the fort.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Atlanta, Ga., August 21, 1864-10 a. m .

(Received 8 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Howard and I have talked over the affairs of the Department of the Tennessee, and admit the wisdom of General Canby exercising command of all the troops on the Mississippi. To preserve organizations already existing without materially diminishing the military force on the Mississippi, we ask that certain fragments of regiments and brigades, not exceeding in the aggregate 2,500 men, be allowed to come to their organization here. Also, if possible, that a DIVISION of the Seventeenth Corps, originally designated as part of General McPherson's column, but detained up Red River, be also allowed to come by any route deemed advisable by General Washburn. To accomplish these results General Howard sends to-day a staff officer to Louisville to confer with you may conclude. Be assured that General Howard and I both cheerfully concede anything that will produce good results. I think it would be well not to change the limits of departments, but to have all troops now belonging to the Department of the Tennessee still make returns to General Howard, but be subject to the military orders of General Canby, to whom they could make reports of effective force that would satisfy his purpose. All well. Expect to hear of General Kilpatrick every hour. Nothing further of Wheeler:

E. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

