
to be in complicity with persons engaged in contraband trade. One arrested yesterday is known to be a Confederate soldier; belonging to a regiment in Arkansas, and is now in the Irving block; another when the boat was overhauled, upon which he was aid, took the precaution to throw his valise overboard, thus destroying the evidence of his crime.

It is therefore ordered that no boat shall land between Cairo and the mouth of White River, except where there is a garrison of United States troops. They will not be allowed to land in skiffs or small boats, nor will they be allowed to land supplies at any military point named above except for the use of the United States troops, and such persons as are residing within the Federal lines, without special permits in each case from these headquarters.

The ram Monarch will proceed to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock down the MISSISSIPPI River and arrest every trading boat found between Memphis and White River. All passengers on board, who are women and children, or all persons not liable to conscription by the laws of the Confederate States, will be put ashore at the first landing, together with any effects they may have; and parties liable to conscription are presumed to be in the rebel army, and will be brought as prisoners of war to this city. The commander of the ram Monarch will send each boat to this city under guard, which will be furnished by Brigadier-General Buckland, and no boat will be allowed to land except at Helena on the way up.

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

WM. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., May 14, 1864.

Major W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: In obedience to your order of this date, I have the honor to report that the effective mounted force of my command is about 3,000. The numbers have been diminished since the 10th instant by the prevalence of the distemper among the new animals of the THIRD and Fourth Iowa Cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, May 14, 1864.

This report is manifestly incorrect. I sent out with Brigadier- General Sturgis full 3,400 mounted men, leaving me here from 400 to 500 odds and ends mounted. Since then the THIRD Iowa Cavalry has come with a large number of horses. Making all due allowances for excessive mortality, there should be at least 4,000 horses here for service; where are they?

By order of Major-General Washburn:

W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

