
Louisville and Nashville Railroad. What assistance can you render from Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois? The force to be stationed at Richmond, Lexington, and Paris, which will cover Cincinnati. I have provided for Johnson; no danger from that source.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., August 21, 1864.

(Received 12. 30 p. m. 24th.)

General HOWARD,

Atlanta:

Major-General Forrest, with three brigades of cavalry, attacked this city at 4 a. m. to-day, making a sudden dash on our pickets and riding into the heart of the city. They were repulsed and driven out, with considerable loss. They obtained no plunder, but about 250 100-days' men were captured. They left General A. J. Smith's front at Oxford the evening of the 18th and made a forced march of nearly 100 miles. General Smith has all my cavalry but about 400 and I have taken measures to notify him and have him fall upon them and intercept their retreat. The whole thing has resulted very satisfactorily so far. What cavalry I have is harassing their rear.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

[AUGUST 21, 1864. -For Washburn to A. J. Smith (three dispatches), relative to attack on Memphis and pursuit of enemy, see Part I, pp. 469, 470.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., August 21, 1864.

Colonel WINSLOW,

Commanding Cavalry:

Follow the retreating force to-night and give them no rest. They are very much tired and jaded. Keep them so. Follow until you become satisfied as to the point at which they intend to cross the Tallahatchie and let me know it at once, that I may have Grierson and Hatch informed as to where to intercept them. If your cavalry is now out without two days' rations forward rations to them. Surprise them to-night if you can. They will sleep soundly.

Yours, respectfully,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

HERNANDO ROAD, August 21, 1864-2. 30 p. m.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

Forrest, with his whole force, according to all information I can get, is just beyond Nonconnah Creek, in front. Lieutenant-Colonel Hepburn is now in conference with him at his line under flag of truce.

GEO. DUFFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel THIRD Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Cavalry.

