
CITY POINT, VA., August 22, 1864-9. 30 p. m.

(Received 2 p. m. 23d.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

There is no place from which troops can be withdrawn to send General Burbridge that I know of. I do not think Wheeler can get to Kentucky to do much harm, nor do I think he can be spared from Hood's army. John Morgan, I think, has no command. If Wheeler does go, however, Burbridge must pick up all his force and leave everything else, expect very important points, unguarded, and go in pursuit.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RUSSELLVILLE, August 22, 1864.

General TILLSON:

Have you heard anything further from the enemy? Please send the train to this place to-morrow. Do you not believe I could whip Morgan's force and turn and beat the force now advancing up the south side of French Broad? I do not believe this latter force will dare to cross to this side the river. Its number cannot be so large as represented or it would have destroyed Loudon bridge.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 22, 1864-10 p. m.

General GILLEM,

Russellville, Tenn.:

Will send you the train unless something transpires to make it unsafe. The enemy's force is divided, and at the present rate of motion will not reach you for several days. They are busily engaged in tearing up the track between our stations. I have no doubt they will tear up the track between this place and Strawberry Plains. I have no means of preventing it, unless you can send me back the Tenth Michigan Cavalry with which I can drive them off. It will not be safe to send the train more than one trip at most. The garrison of Loudon is very strong, well supplied with food, ammunition, and good works. I do not think 5,000 rebels could destroy the bridge. Have just sent you dispatch, giving latest news from the enemy. If you can beat Morgan within the next four days without being compelled to advance too far, I have no doubt you could then turn back and destroy the enemy's force now advancing up the Holston.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

KNOXVILLE, August 22, 1864.

Lieutenant REED,

Loudon:

A citizen on the road between Louisville and Maryville reports that the enemy were passing his house toward Maryville all night. Reports cavalry and trains; does not know whether artillery or wagons. Gil-

