
woods up to Big Creek Gap, if possible, and report the moment you find the enemy in any force. Be careful, as Wheeler and Morgan may be advancing by these routes. Do not be captured.

N. C. McLEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, KY., August 22, 1864.

Captain DU BOIS, London, Ky.:

Where is the wagon train? Protect it from enemy. Send scouts on all roads south of London. Look out for Wheeler's cavalry, and report often. Be vigilant.

N. C. McLEAN,

Brigadier-General.

PADUCAH, KY., August 22, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON:

I left here on the morning of the 17th instant with 1,500 infantry, no cavalry or artillery; parts of One hundred and forty-first, One hundred and thirty-ninth Regiments Illinois 100-days' men; part of Thirty-fourth Regiment New Jersey Infantry, and part of Eighth U. S. Colored Artillery. At Vinetown I learned that General Hovey had been there and left for Mayfield with about 800 cavalry. Moved there soon. General Hovey took one route southeast, thence bearing toward Henderson. I moved in three columns toward Caseyville. Neither Johnson nor any of his thieves could be found. The next day in the p. m. I took boat for this place, having seized property enough of rebels to pay for the cattle taken. The troops were sent in two columns to Smithland, one marching by Marion and the other by Salem. Boats have gone to bring them back. Too my troops from Columbus, Cairo, Mayfield, and this post, leaving these points with very small commands. Cannot send troops to Henderson without endangering my own district. Three hundred men at Uniontown and 300 at Caseyville will hold that county.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General.

SMITHLAND, KY., August 22, 1864.

Captain PAINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The death of Colonel Woodward is confirmed. He charged into Hopkinsville on Saturday, at 2 o'clock, with 200 men; was repulsed by FIFTY of the FIFTY-second [Kentucky] stationed there.

JOHN H. PECK,

Major, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, August 22, 1864.

Brigadier General HUGH EWING, Louisville, Ky.:

General Paine suggests a force of 300 at Uniontown and 200 at Caseyville will hold that section of the State quiet. Can not the Forty-eighth [Kentucky] be so disposed? General Paine and command have returned to Paducah.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

