
in this vicinity on Friday night, but was arrested and only got here last night. He says Buford is in front of General Smith and intends to get in his rear. Will any other disposition of the troops on this road need to be made, or have you any information to corroborate the report that Forrest will come this way?

Respectfully,

A. H. BEREMAN,

Colonel Forty-fifth Iowa.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., August 22, 1864.

Colonel BEREMAN,

Moscow:

Forrest when last heard from sunset last night, was fourteen miles out retreating on Hernando road. He had about 2,500. His men and horses much jaded. I do not think he will trouble the railroad, but be wide awake.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., August 22, 1864.

Colonel ANKENY,

White's Station:

The enemy when last heard from was fourteen miles out on the Hernando road. I thank you for your vigilance, but think you will not be troubled this time.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., August 22, 1864.

Major General GORDON GRANGER,

Commanding U. S. Forces at Mobile Point:

SIR: The movements of Kirby Smith were such that I did not consider it advisable to withdraw any more troops from Morganza until I could make arrangements to replace them. I sent, however, an equivalent in number from the First Indiana and Sixth Michigan Heavy Artillery and the Seventy-fourth Colored, from Ship Island. The Ninety-seventh Colored (engineers) have since been sent, and two regiments from Morganza go over to-day. In accordance with your suggestions orders have been telegraphed to the Ninety-seventh Colored to go to Fort Macomb, but the steamer may have got beyond reach or may not be able to get in the Chef Menteur Pass. If so, retain or send them back to Fort Macomb, as you may judge best. Kirby Smith is concentrating his troops with the view of forcing the passage of the MISSISSIPPI or of attacking Steele. In either case we have no more troops than will be needed. I had counted upon A. J. Smith's force for the line of the Arkansas, but had gone forward to Sherman. The occupation of Mobile and a demonstration up the Alabama would favor Sherman's operations greatly, and if I can get the force it will be done. I advised the admiral when I was over that I could not materially increase your

