
force, and he concurred with me in the opinion that it would be unwise to make any direct attempt upon Mobile until this could be done. We can still make such demonstrations from the bay and from the MISSISSIPPI as will materially aid Sherman.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., August 23, 1864.

Brigadier General A. C. GILLEM,

Commanding Expedition, &amp;c., Morristown, Tenn.:

Propositions have been received and accepted from General John Morgan (rebel) for the release of all non-combatant citizens of East Tennessee held as prisoners by both sides, and to cease making such arrests except for offenses against civil or military law. Three commissioners were to meet three from us at Morristown on the 25th instant, under flag of truce, each flag to be allowed a small escort and in no wise to affect military movements. Will you please appoint three commissioners, a colonel, major, and captain, to meet those of the rebels to make the necessary arrangements and decide when and where the exchange is to be made. As some of the prisoners we hold are at Johnson's Island we must have time enough to get them here. Answer.

G. M. BASCOM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 23, 1864-7 a. m.

General GILLEM, Russellville, Tenn.:

Train will start from here at 8. 30 o'clock this morning. It must return at the earliest possible hour or it will be cut off, judging from the past operations of the enemy. We hear of the enemy at Clinton. I have apprehensions for the safety of the bridge at Strawberry Plains, as the enemy have a small howitzer battery carried on mules with their advance cavalry which they could bring to bear on the garrison without our being able to return the fire, as the howitzers there have been taken away to put on steam-boats. Can you not send back the Tenth Michigan Cavalry? If you can, I will artillery to the Plains, hold the bridge, and keep communications open with you. The enemy's force is badly scattered, and with a small body of good cavalry I would attack him on this side of the river, wherever I could find him. Think I could drive him off and prevent further depredations on the railroad. Should telegraphic communications be cut before these dispositions are made, I must rely on you to take care of the bridge at Strawberry Plains, and get the train safely back to this place.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 23, 1864-4 p. m.

Brigadier-General GILLEM, Bull's Gap:

I have sent a strong force down on the Loudon road with orders to whip the enemy or compel him to develop his force. The scout I sent

19 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT II

