
[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., May 14, 1864.

Respectfully returned with the reports of the commanding officers of the First and Second Brigades inclosed. Besides these, the Ninth Illinois have about 180 horses, making in all 3,180 horses for duty at present. A staff officer of Colonel Waring's on the recent expedition has just given me the precise amount of cavalry which was out upon that expedition, and it sums up 3,130. It has been reported to me that many horses were disabled on that trip. The First Brigade have this day turned over 400 unserviceable horses. This, together with the number in the Second Brigade rendered transiently unserviceable by sore backs and distemper, will account for the discrepancy.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

WHITE'S STATION, May 14, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRIERSON:

My patrol has returned from Olive Branch; reports FIFTY or sixty guerrillas in Nonconnah bottom. No larger force near. Captured 2 and killed 1; lost 1 killed, and 1 slightly wounded, both of Fourth Missouri Cavalry, also 4 horses killed. I will attend to this gang. The parties were stopped on the road and detained over night as a matter of prudence. No whisky was taken from them. The lieutenant took revolver from G. A. Easton because he had no pass. He delivered it to me when he came in, and I will send it to headquarters by the first opportunity.

GEO. E. WARING.

CATLETTSBURG, May 15, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Have received dispatch from Major Smith dated May 11, three miles east of Prestonburg; he has heard nothing of the detachment from Irvine. One hundred rebels under Colonel Chenoweth are reported on the Beaver. Major Smith says I shall look him to-day. All rebel forces are reported to him to be moving through gap into Virginia. The detachment all in good health and spirits.

S. B. BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD,

Near Resaca, Ga., May 15, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of WEST Tennessee, Memphis:

GENERAL: Your dispatch,* inclosing copy of Brigadier-General Sturgis' report is just received, and I am gratified to know that Forrest has been driven out of WEST Tennessee and Kentucky. Could we have sent a force to Purdy at the time Sturgis left Memphis, it would have

---------------

*See Vol. XXXII, Part I, p. 694.

---------------

