
toward Maryville disobeyed instructions and did not get any definite information. I have sent out another party that I have reason to believe will do better. If I get information which will warrant my leaving the Tenth Michigan with you, I will so inform you. It is possible such may be the result. I hope to get something reliable by to-morrow a. m.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 23, 1864-6. 55 p. m.

General GILLEM,

Bull's Gap:

A scout just in reports it is reported that the enemy were moving along the Bowman's Ferry road to cross the French Broad between 12 and 2 o'clock. There were about four regiments. There is only one boat at this ferry. This information is reliable. A soldier of the Second Tennessee Infantry who was in the fight at Maryville, and was taken prisoner and escaped, reports that a man who treated him very kindly told him the force to which they surrendered was the advance brigade of Wheeler's corps of 7,000 men and 20 pieces of artillery; that the main force was behind. Did not state where. This advance brigade is undoubtedly the one now making for bowman's Ferry, on the French Broad. I shall take pains to re-enforce at Strawberry Plains.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., August 23, 1864-7. 25 p. m.

Colonel C. G. HAWLEY,

Commanding First Ohio Volunteer Heavy Artillery:

COLONEL: You will at once have seventy-five men of your regiment in readiness to move to the railroad to embark for Strawberry Plains. They will have days' rations in their haversacks and forty rounds of ammunition.

By command of Brigadier-General Tillson:

W. W. DEANE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 23, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

Captain STANDISH,

Strawberry Plains:

Your dispatch received. I think your information correct. I will send you re-enforcements to-night by train. Should anything happen before the train arrives to make it necessary do not fail to send out and give warning to prevent its capture.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

