HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIANA, NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Indianapolis, Ind., August 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. H. LATHROP,

Acting Chief of Staff, Columbus, Ohio:

I have been called upon the increase the guard again at Camp Morton. Some of the prisoners who have proven trustworthy and given correct information heretofore, this morning reported new tunnels and that the prisoners had their plan perfected to attack the inclosure and force their way to the arsenals at whatever cost of life in the attempt. A part of the Massachusetts regiment will have to go on as supernumeraries to-morrow. I furnish this statement in connection with letter respecting Colonel Bowles and Captain Hines as indicative of the purpose of some of the worst of these men to do mischief, independent of the general plan of the order.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

MOSCOW, August 23, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis, Tenn.:

One Simmons brought the information to Baldwin, a citizen, who brought it to me. Simmons has left and is down on the Coldwater. He did not come through General Smith's lines; he thinks Smith did not know of the move. Baldwin is in camp now; came in since your first telegram, with this additional statement, that Forrest left his baggage and plunder at the crossing of the Tallahatchie in lower part of De Soto County with 1,000 men, and will return and attack some of the posts on this road to-day with 5,000, dividing his forces and attacking at different places. Baldwin was out all night near Mount Pleasant, and gives this without any knowledge of the scare at Memphis.

A. H. BEREMAN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

CAMP THIRD IOWA CAVALRY,

Memphis, Tenn., August 23, 1864-7. 30 a. m.

[Lieutenant C. H. TOWNSEND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:]

LIEUTENANT: I have just reached camp. I followed the road traveled by Forrest in retreat from Memphis as far as Hernando. On account of non-receipt of rations I was delayed in pursuit and compelled to return. Forrest's command commenced crossing the Coldwater on day before yesterday evening. The last regiment left yesterday at 9. 30 a. m. He is falling back on the Senatobia road toward Panola road.

GEO. DUFFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Detachment.

[AUGUST 23, 1864. -For Sherman's Special Field Orders, Numbers 59, relative to trade and intercourse with States in insurrection, see Vol. XXXVIII, Part V, p. 647.]

[AUGUST 23, 1864. -For Gordon Granger to Canby, reporting surrender of Fort Morgan, see Part I, p. 419.]

