
LEXINGTON, August 24, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Near Atlanta, Ga.:

I have my forces well in hand, and should the rebels invade the State will fight them promptly.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, August 24, 1864.

Colonel DILLARD,

Cumberland Gap:

The enemy are on the south side of the Holston between this place and Strawberry Plains, endeavoring to cross the Holston. From escaped and captured prisoners, and intercepted letters, we learn it is their intention to make their way into Middle Tennessee. They have avoided fighting at Loudon and Knoxville. Their force is estimated from 3,000 to 5,000, and nine pieces of artillery. They have a telegraph operator with them, and are now on the wire between Knoxville and Strawberry Plains.

AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., August 24, 1864

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

Wheeler's force is on the south side of the Holston, between here and Strawberry Plains, estimated at 3,500 strong, with artillery. Their number, as reported by themselves and scouts, is from 5,000 to 6,000. From captured and escaped prisoners, and intercepted letters, it seems to be their intention to make their way through Middle Tennessee. So far they have avoided fighting at Loudon and here. Railroad and telegraph all right between here and Loudon. No communication beyond.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, Ky., August 24, 1864.

Colonel BROWN:

Colonel Brown will march with his regiment to Crab Orchard immediately, via Camp Nelson and Lancaster, where he will be joined by the Twelfth Ohio Cavalry. As soon as the junction is made he will march without delay to Somerset where he will be joined by Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry. Colonel Brown will then take command of the whole force, and will send one company to scout the country, via London, south on all roads leading to Big Creek Gap and Cumberland Gap. With the balance of his command he will then march to or within close supporting distance of Camp Burnside; scouts will then be sent forward from that point as far as Big Creek Gap, or until accurate information is obtained of the movements of the enemy. Two companies of the Twelfth Ohio are now scouting in both the directions above indicated, and may by the time Colonel Brown reaches Somerset have

