
valuable information. Should the enemy advance in such forces as to make it impossible to drive him back or hold Camp Burnside, then the stores at that point must be destroyed and the whole force fall back fighting to this point or until further orders are received. Great care must be taken that the stores are not destroyed so long as they can possibly be held from the enemy. All necessary preparations for their destruction should be made beforehand, so that the torch need not be applied until the last moment arrives, when all hope of saving them is gone. Colonel Brown will send frequent reports of all his movements and the information he obtains. Captain Hall, assistant quartermaster at Camp Nelson, will give Colonel Brown information as to where he can supply himself with forage for his horses and rations for his men. Should it be necessary to live upon the country, Colonel Brown will see that subsistence of all kinds is taken by commissioned officers, who will in all cases give proper receipts for the same, and any deviation from this will be severely punished. Colonel Brown will hold his officers responsible for the conduct of their men in this regard. He will also see that no straggling is allowed upon any pretense whatever, and will promptly report all officers who allow this in their command.

By order of Brigadier-General McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, Ky., August 24, 1864.

Colonel R. W. RATLIFF,

Commanding Fourth Brigade:

You will order the Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry to march from Richmond, via Paint Lick, to Crab Orchard, where they will report to Colonel S. B. Brown, Eleventh Michigan Cavalry, for further orders; should the Twelfth arrive there first they will await the arrival of Colonel Brown.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIANA, NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Indianapolis, Ind., August 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. H. LATHROP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ohio:

I have the honor to report that 400 revolvers, 135,000 rounds of ammunition, with grand seal of Sons of Liberty, roll of members, roll of 400 rebel prisoners claimed as members, with rituals and correspondence, have been seized at the office of H. H. Dodd, grand commander for this State. Two parties have given on oath all they know of it. Dodd has disappeared, but intercepted letters show him to be at Saint Paul, Minn. I have also seized FIFTY kegs of powder in a saloon, the owner of the saloon denying all knowledge of the powder. Large invoices of arms are en route, variously disguised, which will be watched.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. CARRINGTON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

