
regiments are before Atlanta, without records. Will you direct that the fragments up White River be relieved and ordered to the front? Every consideration of accountability requires that they should be there.

Second. About 3,000 men, intended as a part of General McPherson's column, were also absent with General Banks. They are now with the expedition under Major General A. J. Smith. We need them with their corps before Atlanta. Can they possibly be spared? If so, will you give the necessary orders? They have already been ordered to Decatur, via Columbus with intention of sending them here, and are en route, if the order has not been countermanded from Washington.

THIRD. Returns show for duty at Natchez 3,000 men; Vicksburg, 12,700; Memphis (including troops under General A. J. Smith), over 18,000; District of Columbus, over 7,000; besides, over 11,000 cavalry, of whom about 4,000 are mounted. This includes colored troops. Nearly 1,500 men leave this army in front of Atlanta this month-term of service expired.

Fourth. By direction of Major-General Sherman the command of Major- General Washburn was extended to include the District of Vicksburg, and General Morgan L. Smith assigned to the command. Major-General Canby has placed General Dana in command at Vicksburg. General Dana is senior to General Washburn, and does not report to me. Was the assignment of General Dana merely temporary until an officer could be assigned by the department commander, or was it intended to supersede my order placing General Washburn in command? I desire to cooperate with General Canby in every way possible, but wish at the same time to preserve the organization of my army, and to prevent the embarrassment arising from conflict of orders.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

I am directed to await your answer, and then proceed to Memphis and other points on the MISSISSIPPI River.

C. H. HOWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., August 24, 1864-3 p. m.

(Received 9 a. m. September 1.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch is received. Kirby Smith is concentrating his troops, evidently for the purpose of forcing the passage of the MISSISSIPPI or to attack General Steele. I have only a reserve force of 12,000 men, in addition to 5,000 at Mobile. In either case, all of the reserve will be needed on the MISSISSIPPI or in Arkansas. I had counted upon the force at Memphis to aid Steele, if necessary, and hoped to have accomplished all that Sherman now suggests. The consultation with Farragut, reported in my dispatch of the 27th, was in consequence of being advised by General Washburn that Sherman had ordered A. J. Smith to join him. It is not to be expected that Kirby Smith's army, now reorganized and considerably strengthened, will remain comparatively idle much longer. If any troops can be sent to Memphis, to be in position to re-enforce the line of the Arkansas, I can use the greater part or whole of Reynolds' force against Mobile.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.

[AUGUST 24, 1864. -For Canby to Halleck (two dispatches), reporting surrender of Fort Morgan, see Part I, p. 404.]

