HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, August 24, 1864.

Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT,

Commanding WEST Gulf Blockading Squadron,

Mobile Bay, Ala.:

ADMIRAL: Commodore Palmer has communicated your kind message. It is hardly necessary to assure you that we all feel that the Navy and the Army can have no divided interests in this struggle. Our great object is to perform the work we are appointed to do. The operations in Mobile Bay were essentially naval operations, and the part taken by the army was simply a co-operation. That it has done its work satisfactorily is sufficient, and the only regret that we can feel is that we have not the means at present to press these operations to greater and more brilliant results.

Kirby Smith has completed the reorganization of his army, and is now concentrating it above Red River and near the Mississippi. In this he has probably two objects, the first to force the passage of the river and the second to attack the line of the Arkansas. If A. J. Smith's force had remained at Memphis I could have spared from 10,000 to 15,000 men for the operations against Mobile; but I have now only 12,000 men in hand to oppose any operations that Kirby Smith may attempt, and I cannot safely draw any from the Memphis forces.

We may still be able to do a good deal in the way of harassing, both from the bay and from the Mississippi, and whatever I can do, either directly or in co-operations with you, will be done. Sherman, anticipating that Mobile has been captured, is anxious that a demonstration up the Alabama should be made. This would no doubt bring great results; but I cannot spare the troops without exposing both the MISSISSIPPI and the line of the Arkansas.

I have now 5,000 men east of the Mississippi, but within reach, if Smith's operations should make it necessary to recall them, and it is very possible that I may aid some of your operations that will not require the removal of the troops to too great a distance.

Please advise me freely of your wishes, and be assured that in whatever way I can aid them it shall be done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., August 25, 1864.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Honorable A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States, and

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The following is a dispatch received from General Gillem, who is now operating in East Tennessee:

LICK CREEK, TENN.

A detachment from my command, under Lieutenant-Colonel Ingerton, Thirteenth Tennessee Cavalry, attacked Rogersville at daylight this morning; killed 23, captured 25, among them Colonel Walker [Watkins], and several non-commissioned officers. Joe Heiskell walked to meet us.

ALVAN C. GILLEM.

Joe Heiskell is a member of the Confederate Congress. Morgan has been in upper East Tennessee, no doubt intending to form a junction

