
with Wheeler, who is now making a raid for the purpose of again entering Kentucky, and destroying the Nashville and Louisville Railroad. The rebels have been, under the directions of Morgan, threshing and gathering all the straw in the part of the State. Rogersville is seventy miles east of Knoxville in the direction of the salt-works in Virginia, and of Lynchburg. We hope to destroy the salt-works, which will not be very comfortable news at Richmond.

ANDREW JohnSON,

Governor.

NASHVILLE, August 25, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

General Carter telegraphs from Knoxville that Wheeler has crossed the Holston above Strawberry Plains, and intends striking the railroad between Nashville and Chattanooga.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBUS, KY., August 25, 1864.

Captain PHELPS PAINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A blind scout named Green, who has lately been employed by Generals Washburn and Prince, has brought information this morning of Buford's DIVISION, numbering between 4,000 and 5,000 men, with six pieces of artillery, contemplating a raid in this portion of Kentucky. He overheard Forrest and Buford in conversation in regard to it, and also in a speech which Buford made to his command on the 13th instant in Chickasaw County, Miss. He also heard them contemplating the raid on Memphis, but could not get in to report in time. Bufford's raid to take place immediately after the raid upon Memphis. If they come, Mayfield, I think, will be their first point to attack. I am informed that Captain Campbell, of the Seventeenth Kentucky Cavalry (rebel), has received information of the barbecue at Blandville on Saturday. The scout reports his force at about 700 in all. The above information, I think, is reliable. Shall I send this scout again in the vicinity of Jackson?

J. N. McARTHUR,

Colonel, Commanding Post Columbus.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 25, 1864-2 p. m.

(Received 6. 25 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have telegrams informing me that I have been assigned to the command of the District of Indiana, but no orders. The horizon is dark in this State, but a strong arm can dispel the darkness, if supported by your Department. Military arrests and trial should at once be restored to, but to do this effectually martial law should first be proclaimed. The jurisdiction of military courts then could not be denied, and

