
offenders could be punished. The press, too, should be compelled to keep within bounds. Such would be my policy, but I await your commands.

ALVIN P. HOVEY,

Brevet Major-General.

WASHINGTON, August 25, 1864 - 10. 30 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. H. HOWARD,

Louisville, Ky.:

The control of all troops on the MISSISSIPPI River, no matter to what department or command they belong, was given to General Canby. He must therefore decide, under the orders he had received from General Grant, whether any and what troops may be sent to General Sherman's armies. You will communicate with him before giving any orders from General Howard, and carry out such instructions as General Canby may give. General Dana was placed in charge of Vicksburg by order of the Secretary of War. Troops belonging to General Howard's command will make their returns and reports to him; but, in their military operations, they are subject to General Canby's orders. You will show this to General Canby, or give him a copy.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

LOUISVILLE, KY., August 25, 1864.

(Received 10 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Canby Is at New Orleans. It will take some weeks to communicate with him. Cannot General Sherman's order, already give to General A. J. Smith, be carried out if not yet countermanded?

C. H. HOWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

MEMPHIS, TENN., August 25, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

Your dispatch of 19th is received. General W. T. Sherman has authorized me to retain Mower's DIVISION, sending him only Smith's old DIVISION. This will as soon as Mower returns enable me to give you a force of 5,000 men, should you require them. General Sherman desires that the troops at Saint Charles, being fractional regiments of the Seventeenth Corps, be sent to him. I shall send Smith to General Sherman as rapidly as possible by river and railroad, moving him back here for that purpose. Moved and the cavalry will remain at Holly Springs to watch Forrest, unless you require Mower, in which case he can be moved in one day from Holly Springs here. I have to-day received a dispatch* from him, which I inclose copy of. I beg you to look at the map and notice that the Tallahatchie was only passable at the pontoon at panola. I also ask you to read the dispatches which I forwarded to Gen-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

