
eral Smith. If my orders had been obeyed you will see that Forrest could never have crossed the Tallahatchie, and in the exhausted condition that his men and animals were in, his capture would have been certain. When Forrest left Oxford, Smith with 4,500 cavalry and 1,000 infantry was within ten miles of Oxford. That Forrest should have been able to move on Memphis, and that General Smith did not learn of it until he heard from me, is most surprising; but he heard from me in time to have cut them off had he followed my directions.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS RIGHT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, August 25, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. MOWER,

Commanding First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you move with your command to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock, taking the road leading to Holly Springs. The order of march will be as follows: First; the First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps; second, the general supply train; THIRD, the THIRD DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps; fourth, the brigade U. S. Colored Troops. The general also directs that you throw back two regiments to guard the first half of the supply train.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Colonel Shaw to guard balance train.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION, SEVENTH Illinois CAVALRY,La Grange, Tenn., August 25, 1864.

Major WILLIAM H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Memphis:

SIR: In pursuance of orders from General Washburn, I marched from this place at 1 p. m. on Sunday, the 21st instant, with 100 men in charge of dispatches from General Washburn to General Smith: also the dispatch that was sent from Memphis at 1. 15 o'clock, which reached me a few miles out on the road. I was informed by citizens on the road that there was a rebel force in Holly Springs, which induced me to leave that place about four miles to my right. Arrived and the Tallahatchie before daylight; found the bridge washed away, and the stream very much swollen by the late rains. We succeeded in swimming it, however, after some delay. I then took with me ten of the best mounted troopers and pushed on to Oxford, where I found Generals Smith, Grierson, Mower, and Hatch. Arrived there between 10 and 11 a. m. Monday, 22nd instant. I left the Tallahatchie on the morning of the 24th and arrived here last night. There was heavy skirmishing in the rear on the 23d. General Smith is falling back; there is a force destroying the railroad between here and Holly Springs under Mitchell, reported to be 300. Don't think there is any other force this side the Tallahatchie.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. GRAHAM,

Major Seventh Illinois Volunteer Cavalry.

