HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Mount Gilead, Ga., August 26, 1864.

General STEDMAN,

Chattanooga:

If Wheeler goes up into East Tennessee beyond the Holston, let him go. The people must rally and destroy bridges and roads and worry him. He cannot do us any harm, but will simply consume the grain and hay needed by the people. He cannot disturb Loudon or Knoxville. Let General McCook increase his cavalry from Nashville, and after awhile we will send him to attend to Wheeler, who is well out of our way.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

HOLLY SPRINGS, August 26, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN:

I received your orders this morning at Waterford, and marched to this place with the Right Wing (First and THIRD DIVISIONS) SIXTEENTH Army Corps, leaving the Seventh and Ninth Minnesota Infantry and artillery at Waterford. The Second DIVISION of Cavalry were in the advance and on the flanks with orders to move on this point prior to receiving your orders, and will be reordered to Waterford on arrival here. The telegraph wire badly cut and destroyed in several places between this and Lamar; five small bridges and trestles burned. Cars cannot run to this place with any degree of certainly as to time if the road is repaired. If we are to march east I would prefer outfitting at La Grange, or if to go to Memphis, come in. If to go east, is it not with both DIVISIONS, First and THIRD, of the SIXTEENTH Army Corps? Please answer by return of courier, who will wait at La Grange.

A. J. Smith,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Holly Springs, August 26, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

District of WEST Tennessee:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I have not sufficient ammunition left for my command. Eighteen days; marching and one hour's hard fighting. My horses have had no forage for the last ten days but green corn, and this is exhausted in this section of country. They are consequently badly worked down, and in a short time will be gone. The greater portion of this command have been absent from camp nearly one month, and it is much need of clothing and other supplies. The railroad and telegraph between here and La Grange have been destroyed by small parties of the enemy, and it would probably be a week before supplies could be received here by rail. I respectfully ask that my command be ordered to the line of railroad between Memphis and La Grange, that it may be refitted prior to an extended movement.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

20 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT II

