
U. S. FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

Mobile Bay, August 26, 1864.

Major General ED. R. S. CANBY, U. S. Army,

Commanding Military DIVISION of WEST Mississippi, New Orleans:

GENERAL: Believing as I did that General Page was one of those unfortunate men who had been by circumstances to join the rebels rather than by inclination, and having known him for many years on his community as a man of respectable standing and a good officer on our Navy, I was much disposed to intercede for him in order that he might be sent North, which appeared to be his desire. But since I have heard of the wanton destruction of the public property, and his childish behavior that he has a sword to deliver up after manifesting his submission by showing the white flag on his fort, I have determined to say nothing on the subject, but to leave it to yourself to say how he shall be disposed of. Much indignation, I understand, was maintained by the garrison of Fort Morgan at the surrender of Fort Gaines by Colonel Anderson. I think the community will render a very different judgment when the facts are known. As I stated to the honorable Secretary of the Navy, Colonel A. found himself in a small fortification, with a much larger garrison (many of them being boys) than could be sheltered from either the shot or shell of our ships or the guns of our army, and perfectly untenable, as was satisfactorily proven to him and his officers by one of our shells entering his casemate and killing 2 of his sick men and wounding several. He, therefore, very wisely determined, in order to save a wanton sacrifice of life, to capitulate, and in this determination was supported by all his officers save one. On the other hand, General Page, commanding a first-rate work, with a sufficient force to maintain it, well armed and provisioned, and a garrison determined like himself to defend it to the last, quietly and tamely yielded after one days; bombardment, that of the 22d, and during which he never fired a single gun, as all the firing previous to that day were merely occasional shots, apparently to obtain their rangers, while preparations were making for the bombardment. And then, having raised the white flag in token of submission, with a chivalrous spirit of resistance they destroyed everything they could lay their hands on, spiked the guns, sawed gun carriages, and broke their swords and threw them away. Colonel A., however, was so conscientious that he would not permit a thing to be touched after he had made an offer of surrender, and everything was left intact after that moment. So that whether Colonel A. was to blame or not, I cannot conceive that General P. and his officers are the proper persons to criticize him.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding WEST Gulf Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, August 27, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point:

GENERAL: In a letter just received from General Sherman he advises that Granger should not attack Mobile, but move directly up the Alabama River to Selma or Montgomery. He says the capture of Mobile will only weaken our active forces by the garrison required to hold it, whereas garrisoned by the enemy and threatened by our gun-boats, Hood's forces are weakened to the amount of that garrison.

