
er's whereabouts, but will have soon if he is anywhere in the vicinities above named. The telegraph lines from this point have not been in working order during to-day; probably caused by the recent heavy storms; parties are at work repairing them now. The command now numbers about 1,200 effective men. The horses and men are in a very good condition. We have had plenty of forage and rations thus far, and are prepared to meet Wheeler or his friends at any time. I will hear from the direction of Big Creek Gap and Monticello to-morrow, and will inform you what is going on in those directions without delay.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BROWN,

Colonel Eleventh Michigan Cavalry, Commanding Fourth Brigade.

HOPKINSVILLE, KY., August 27, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

your to the FIFTY-second Kentucky to go to Lexington is received. Adam Johnson's force is scattered, but there are still hundreds of them all around us. We beg you to reconsider your order and allow them to remain. The citizens have aided in repelling the rebels, and will now be left to their mercy.

S. M. STARLING,

JNO P. POTTER.

JAMES B. GOWEN.

BOWLING GREEN, KY., August 27, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE:

Woodward's and Johnson's men are scattered over Southern Kentucky and the FIFTY-second Kentucky in pursuit. Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson is re-enlisting his regiment and recruiting rapidly. If the regiment is withdrawn Southern Kentucky is ruined and the re- enlistment is defeat. He will have twelve companies soon if allowed to remain.

B. H. BRISTOW.

LEXINGTON, KY., August 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General EWING,

Louisville, Ky.:

The following just received: *

General Burbridge directs that you send the Forty-eighth [Kentucky] to Hopkinsville and Princeton and have the twenty-sixth and FIFTY- second move to Camp Nelson as quickly as possible, not, however, to run down their horses. Have General Hobson move to the same place with his command. Mount the Eleventh Kentucky Cavalry and let them move here immediately, together with the Forty-sixth Indiana.

CHAS. M. KEYSER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* For dispatch (here omitted), see Dillard to Burbridge August 26, 6. 40 p. m., p. 303.

---------------

