HEADQUARTERS OF THE POST,Columbus, ky., august 27, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Captain PHELPS PAINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Paducah, Ky.:

Your dispatch of yesterday has just been received. The Thirty- fourth New Jersey will start to-morrow morning at daybreak, in light marching orders, Having received information that the enemy were to concentrate near Lodgeton to-day. I sent all the cavalry under Captain Beatty this morning. He was to meet Captain Berry, of the scouts, with his command at Moscow. Consult with him in regard to their movements, and be governed by circumstances.

JAMES N. McARTHUR,

Colonel Fourth U. S. Colored Artillery, Heavy, Commanding Post.

MEMPHIS, TENN., August 27, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m. 29th.)

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of the 7th instant went to New Orleans and reached me a day of two ago. I have recalled troops from the interior, and in three days can send 5,000 or 6,000 men to General Sherman by the river.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, August 27, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The result of Forrest's said foots up 15 killed and 65 wounded and 116 missing. The enemy had about --- killed, and we captured about 25 prisoners. They destroyed and captured property except about seventy-five horses. They made a forced march across the Tallahatchie, then very high, on pontoons. The morning following General Smith was notified of the move by me. He, with all his command, was then at Oxford. He was ordered to move 1,500 cavalry instantly to the --- crossing, and with the rest of his cavalry, 2,500, to cross at Abbeville, and come up on Forrest's rear. My dispatches were most urgent, and had my orders been followed there would have been no escaped for him. Instead, the cavalry was all sent toward New Albany, and he escaped. To have allowed Forrest to elude him and march on Memphis is strange; to have failed to intercept him is equally so. I have ordered General Smith to return here at once an his old DIVISION will at once be sent to you. The recent rains render the overland march too slow and tedious.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 16TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 107. Holly Springs, August 27, 1864.

* * * * * *

I. Brigadier General B. H. Grierson, commanding cavalry corps, will leave Holly Springs at 4 a. m. to-morrow morning, and will proceed with his entire command to La Grange, Tenn., and report his arrival by telegraph to Major-General Washburn, commanding District of WEST Tennessee, and await further orders from him.

* * * * * *

