
III. Brigadier General J. A. Mower, commanding First DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, will leave Holly Springs, with his command, at 6 a. m. to-morrow, and proceed to La Grange, reporting, on arriving, by telegraph to Major-General Washburn, commanding District of WEST Tennessee, and await further orders from him. General Mower will take with him all land transportation properly belonging to the First DIVISION, and also the supply train belonging to the SIXTEENTH Army Corps proper, which will arrive to- night. The Seventh and Ninth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry will also be reassigned to his DIVISION on their arrival.

By order of Major General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, August 28, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

Albert G. Watkins, ex-member of Congress, and Joe Heiskell, member of the Confederate Congress, have been captured in the recent expedition in upper East Tennessee and sent to Knoxville, and are there now in confident. I hope General Sherman will permit me to suggest the propriety of their being elsewhere for safe-keeping until their cases can be properly disposed of. They are bad men, and exercised a dangerous and deleterious influence in the country, and deserve as many deaths as can be inflicted upon them. They are extensively connected with influential persons throughout that region of the country. Powerful influence will be brought to bear in favor of releasing them on parole and bonds. They should at once be removed from Knoxville. I trust in Heaven that your efforts now being made will be crowned with success.

ANDREW JohnSON,

Military Governor.

LEXINGTON, KY., August 28, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. WEBSTER,

Hdqrs. Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, Nashville, Tenn.:

I have just received the following:

DANVILLE, August 28, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

My latest intelligence from Jacksborough bears date of evening 27th. My repairer had just returned from Clinton. The rebels left the latter place on evening of 26th, going down the country toward Kingston. The main body went down by Bell's Bridge, half way between Knoxville and Clinton. There were only 150 rebels crossed the river at Clinton. A prisoner, captured by them at Morrowville and paroled on 26th, states that the rebels force numbered twenty- eighth regiments, continuing in all 12,000, with five generals, which he named, but Mr. Palmer, my repairer, forgot the names, except Wheeler and Shelly [?]. Mr. Bowman, sutler for Second Tennessee Regiment, was captured at Clinton and taken a distance of fifteen miles and released yesterday morning. He says that from inquiry made by the rebels he thinks they are making for the railroad about Murfreesborough.

W. L. GROSS,

Captain and Assistant Superintendent.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

