
LEXINGTON, August 28, 1864.

POST COMMANDER,

Parksville, Ky.:

You will keep a good watch to your front to prevent any surprise from Wheeler, who may attack you. Keep me well posted in regard to the condition of matters around you.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 28, 1864 - 2 p. m.

Major-General HEINTZELMAN,

Columbus, Ohio:

As there may be an attempt to relieve prisoners at Camp Douglas during the session of the convention, the Secretary of War thinks you had better go there in person to ascertain the condition of affairs, and also to have available troops at Rock Island and other points ready to move at a moment's warning. It would not be good policy to send troops there now if it can be avoided. It is probable that if it can be avoided. It is probable that it an attempt at a rescue is made it will be during the excitement and confusion resulting from the adjournment of the convention. See if Governor brought cannot gove you some of his National Guards in case of necessity.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 28, 1864.

(Received 10 a. m. 29th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our military agent at Gallipolis telegraphs me this morning: "I have reliable information of Breckinridge's advance into the Kanawha Valley with 8,000, via Leesburg. " General Heintzelman left for Chicago this morning, under your order. I have telegraphed him on the way. I have the State battery at Camp Dennison and three regiments of National Guards at Gallipolis. No general officer on the State.

JOHN BROUGH,

Governor.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 28, 1864.

(Received 12. 10 a. m. 29th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of war:

There will be five regiments of 100-days' men here to-morrow morning, to be mustered out. It might be well, under existing circumstances, to permit them to go home under pay for sixty days, subject to be called if needed. Something must be done here speedily to check the progress of treason. Have received no orders yet.

A. P. HOVEY,

Major-General.

