
the First Tennessee Infantry, Colonel Byrd, enlisted in East Tennessee for only the unexpired term of the regiment, by your authority, now demand their discharge. Was such authority given to Colonel Byrd?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

LEXINGTON, KY., August 29, 1864.

(Received 5. 40 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Will give General Heintzelman all aid in my power. Morgan and Wheeler in Tennessee, near Border line. Concerning First Tennessee, Colonel Byrd never gave any orders concerning them.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., August 29, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE,

Lexington, Ky.:

Wheeler's whole force is this side of Murfreesborough. General Rousseau is skirmishing with them ten miles out. A force of rebels reports at lebanon. Nothing from Forrest and Roddey. High water in the Tennessee has probably prevented their crossing to co-operate with Wheeler. Nothing from General Sherman for some days.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

CARROLLTON, IND., August 29, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

There are 400 rebels in camp eight miles from here, Colonel Jessee in command.

A. V. CARLISLE,

Deputy Provost-Marshal.

CAMP BURNSIDE, August 29, 1864.

Captain BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following are the latest reports from scouts at London, dated 29th instant:

Scouts in this morning; no rebels at Big Creek Gap up to 10 a. m. on 27th instant, Mr. Kenwell, at Williamsburg, captured a rebel deserter of Wheeler's command. He makes the following statement; He left Wheeler's command last Tuesday; they were then in Blount County, Tenn. ; he reports the rebels 8,000 strong, with two pieces artillery, under command of Wheeler and Forrest; he says that Morgan with 2,000 men was thirty or forty miles above them; says he heard rebel officers say they intended coming into Kentucky for the purpose of getting horses; thought they would not start for the gap under a week from the time he left; he says officers are not certain whether they are coming by Big Creek Gap or Pound Gap. I do not place implicit confidence in his report.

F. A. DU BOIS,

Captain, Commanding Scout at London.

