
the district, from Captain Dana, aide-de-camp, that the regiment formed by the consolidation of the Marine Brigade would report to me and that I would encamp them comfortably within the limits of my command. On the 27th I received the order designating the organization as the Marine Regiment, and assigned them to the brigade. Lieutenant Colonel John A. Ellet, commanding the regiment, reported to me in person in the morning. I went with him and designated a camp in the valley next the river, on the left of the new fortifications and defenses, and directed him to move his regiment off the boats to the place designated soon as possible and go in camp in as good order as the nature of the ground would permit. About 3 p. m. I received the inclosed communication, marked Exhibit A:
HEADQUARTERS MARINE REGIMENT,Vicksburg, August 27, 1864.

Captain carter,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, First Div., Seventeenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I am compelled to inform you that the enlisted men on board their boat (Autocrat) refuse to leave it in obedience to my orders, except they go under guard. I am inclined to believe (without positive evidence) that the rest of the command are equally mutinous, and I therefore request that a sufficient force be immediately sent down here to enforce my orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. ELLET,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Marine Regiment.

I reported the matter to the major-general commanding the district, who instructed me to call out a regiment of infantry, put down and quell any mutiny, enforce order, and march the regiment to camp. He also instructed Colonel Osband, commanding cavalry forces, to send a regiment of cavalry to report to me for the same purpose. The Seventy-second Illinois Infantry and Fifth Illinois Cavalry reported in due season on the levee near the boats. Captain Dana, aide-de-camp, and myself went on board the steamer Autocrat, found Brigadier-General Ellet, Lieutenant-Colonel Ellet, and other officers, evidently very much excited. I reported the command to General Ellet, stating we were prepared to enforce the orders. He asked me if I would fire on the men if they refused to go on shore? I told him I would if necessary, but thought it would be best to arrest the ringleaders if possible. He replied that they all seemed to be ringleaders. He desires Captain Dana to take some message to the major-general commanding the district in relation to the disturbance, and stated [sic] Major Tallerday, of the Marine Regiment, came on board and stated to General Ellet that he thought he could get the men on shore without much trouble, and of he should talk to them a little when they were in line thought they would go to camp willingly. The general requested him to try, and Lieutenant-Colonel Ellet desired the major to take command of the regiment and give the commands, as he was not posted in regard to them, stating also that doubtless they would go more quietly and willingly with the major, as they had for the most part been under his command and never under him, also that they were particularly bitter against him, and seemed to think he was the cause of their being organized into a regiment so he could command them, accusing him of selling them out, &amp;c. Captain Dana returned with the message from the major-general commanding the district, and General Ellet said he would place the whole matter in my charge, and instructed me to order the men off the boats, and if they did not go to force them. The men left

