
the nearest military post shall send a sufficient force to the locality, with instructions to seize from disloyal citizens property sufficient to fully indemnify the lessee, which property will be sold at public auction and the proceeds paid to the injured person. If the corps of the lessee are destroyed, or in any manner injured, crops of the same kind will be seized from disloyal citizens and harvested for the benefit of the injured party. If any lessee is killed by guerrillas, an assessment of $10,000 will at once be levied upon the disloyal people residing within thirty miles of the place where the offense was committed. Property of any kind will be seized and sold for this purpose. The amount so assessed will be appropriated for the benefit of the family of the lessee. Full reports of all seizures and sales of property under this order will in all cases be forwarded direct to these headquarters.

III. In deciding upon the class of persons who are to be assessed, it should not be forgotten that the oath of allegiance is not an infallible test of loyalty. If a citizen has relatives and friends among these, if he harbors or protects them, or if having the means of doing so he fails to inform the lessee of their approach, he must be held accountable. Men must be judged by their acts and not by the oaths they have tnd of Major General H. W. Slocum:

H. C. RODGERStant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,In the Field, May 16, 1864.

Brigadier General JACOB AMMEN,

Commanding 4th Div., 23rd Army Corps, Knoxville, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say to you, in explanation of the telegram of this date from these headquarters ordering certain regiments to the front, that the success of General Crook in cutting the railroad in Virginia and our success here has rendered it impossible for the enemy to invade East Tennessee with any considerable force, and the garrisons left at the different posts from which troops are withdrawn will be sufficient to repel any cavalry raid that may be attempted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, Ky., May 16, 1864.

Colonel C. S. HANSON,

Commanding THIRD Brigade, Irvine, Ky.:

COLONEL: Move with all the mounted men of your command to Mount Sterling.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	* 	*

Very respectfully,

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

