
the boats and formed line on the levee by companies in a disorderly, disorganized, lawless manner. Major Tallerday stated to each of the companies in succession that the question was not whether they would go to camp, because they were going peacefully or by force, whichever they might elect; that of they were going to camp peacefully to send details to load their baggage on the wagons in waiting, &amp;c. Most of the companies expressed a willingness to go, and cheered. One company wished to know if they went to camp under protest. The major said they did. They then said they would go. One squad of twenty-three men said they would not go unless they went under guard, and all men who would not go without guard were sent to this squad, which grew to number some forty- eight men, mostly from one company known in the new organization as Company F, Captain Fisher commanding. One man in particular was very boisterous about it and seemed to be the leader and spokesman. I think if it had not been for him the whole company would have gone with the others, without trouble. I would states that the officers of this company did not participate in this mutinous conduct of their men, but endeavored to keep them orderly and have them go to camp willingly with the others. The mutineers were placed under guard and confined in prison. The regiment was marched by Major-General Tallerday peaceably to camp. On the way some of the me were quite noisy, accusing their officers of all manner of things - of selling them out to the Massachusetts recruiting officers for a consideration, stealing cotton, &c., directing their abuse principally to Brigadier-General Ellet and Lieutenant-Colonel Ellet. They went quietly into camp. Some of the men did not wish to take shelter tents, thought it was rough, &c., but put them up and are now occupying them. A guard was furnished General Ellet, at his request, over the steamers, to prevent any of the men from going on board again, and a guard is posted around the camp. The officers of the companies to which the mutineers belonged have been instructed to prepare charges without delay against them for mutiny. The regiment is demoralized, insubordinate, undisciplined, and grossly ignorant. The officers obey all orders willingly, and endeavor to maintain, to their est ability, I believe, good order, and try to put down all insubordination, but they are dissatisfied, think themselves aggrieved and wronged. The men seem to care but little for their commands. With a few exceptions, they do not seem to be well posted as to their duties as soldiers, not have they their souls or best energy in the regiment, neither do I think any of them ever will have, further than to obey all orders and instructions willingly. Major Tallerday is doing all that can be done with such a demoralized, disorganized mass, and deserves great credit thereof. The cause of the present trouble is that the officers and men were enlisted for a particular branch of the service. They have received no bounties, and are now consolidated from cavalry, infantry, and what is known by them as the Ram Fleet companies, &c. They represent every State in the Union. I do not think, as a regiment, they will ever be of any benefit or service whatever. I they were mustered out all of the men who are good for anything would doubtless re-enlist.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. STARRING,

Colonel Seventy-second Illinois Infantry, Commanding First Brigade.

