
CITY POINT, August 30, 1864.

(Received 5. 20 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

The following is an extract from the Richmond Enquirer of this morning:

MOBILE, August 26, 1864.

The major-general commanding boat returned last evening. The Yankees say Fort Morgan capitulated at 2 o'clock last Tuesday. On Monday p. m. they concentrated their force on the fort, which replied spiritedly. Tuesday the bombardment was renewed. In the meanwhile the enemy succeeded ion getting their howitzers in position, and a line of skirmishers on the glacis of the fort, and opened a heavy fire on our guns and gunners. With the assistance of the mortar fleet they succeeded in damaging several gun carriages. The fort did not fire Thursday. General Page destroyed everything in the fort and spiked his guns. He and a garrison numbering 581 were sent to New Orleans; 17 were killed; the number of wounded is unknown. None of the non-combatants were allowed to visit the city. The enemy have thrown a force of 4,000 in on the mainland at Grant's Pass.

[Second dispatch.]

MOBILE, AUGUST 28, 1864.

No change of affairs at this point. All quiet.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CUMBERLAND GAP, KY., August 30, 1864.

Brevet Major-General BURBRIDGE:

It is generally believed that Wheeler has gone into Kentucky some place below Clinton. His Inspector-general was on hi was to communicate with Morgan when captured. General Gillem was at Bean's Station last night. He was to return to Rogersville this morning. I sent telegraph wire to repair the line between Clinton and Knoxville. Think we will have the line ion working order to-morrow.

W. Y. WILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, August 30, 1864.

General E. H. HOBSON,

Bowling Green, Ky.:

Wheeler at Lebanon, Tenn. Remain at Bowling Green for the present. Lookout out well toward Gallatin and Scottsville. If Wheeler enters Kentucky will press him from Burnside Point with cavalry.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, August 30, 1864.

Colonel J. MASON BROWN,

Commanding Second Brigade:

The general directs that you send Captain Dyas' company to-day to Morgan's Station, Kentucky Central Railroad, where they will be met by Captain John Canner, and will operate with him in ridding the country

21 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT II

