
around Williamstown of the guerrillas. Sent them dismounted, with plenty of ammunition. They will report bach here on Monday, unless they get further orders to the contrary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP BURNSIDE, KY., August 30, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Degenfeld has just arrived with his company. He reports having left Huntsville, Tenn., Monday morning, and that the rebels numbered four regiments of cavalry and two pieces of artillery; left Johnston, Tenn., Monday morning. He learned from a man who was taken prisoner by them that a colonel of one of the cavalry regiments told rebel citizen they were destined to destroy Louisville and Nashville Railroad in Kentucky. Their main force is reported at or near Concord. They found it difficult crossing the Tennessee River, the Yankee troops having destroyed the ferry- boats. The main force is estimated at 5,000 infantry. He could not learn the name of the commander of the four regiments of cavalry. I consider this information reliable.

S. B. Brown,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Telegraphed to General Ewing at Louisville, Ky., by General Burbridge.)

CAMP BURNSIDE, August 30, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER:

Major Hurt, Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry, has just returned from a scout to Monticello, in direction of Huntsville and Jamestown, Tenn. He reports that at Monticello he received information that Wheeler was at Jacksborough, consequently he moved thirty-five miles in direction of Huntsville. He there met refuges, who stated that Wheeler had not been at Jacksborough, but had taken Kingston, and that part of his command was at Crossville and moving toward Jamestown. He therefore marched in direction of Jamestown; found Wheeler was not in that vicinity; he then returned to Parmleysville, Ky. He here met a relative, Mr. Bertram, whom he terms reliable, just escaped from Wheeler, who captured him a few miles from Kingston, who states that Wheeler had not been at Jacksborough and kingston, in direction of Knoxville. Major Hurt met no guerrillas.

S. B. BROWN,

Colonel Eleventh Michigan Cavalry.

LEXINGTON, KY., August 30, 1864.

Brigadier General HUGH EWING,

Louisville, Ky.:

Wheeler at Lebanon, Tenn. Send all the force you can spare from Louisville to Muldraugh's Hill, Munfordville, and Bowling Green. Order FIFTY-second Kentucky to move to-night to Bowling Green. Re-

