
RESACA, GA., May 16, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

Make up a force of 5,000 men from the volunteers and militia now in District of Columbus, Ky., or expected there soon, and send them up the Tennessee River to Eastport, where they will establish a post and fortify their position. Send them under charge of a competent officer. This will make a good covering force for you in your proposed expedition against Columbus, Miss., and thence around to Grenada.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., May 16, 1864.

Brigadier General W. SOOY SMITH,

Chief of Cavalry, Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: In answer to your request of the 2nd instant, I saw Lieutenant Williamson concerning the correspondent "Barr," but he remembered nothing of it. Lieutenant Metcalf, of my staff, however, remembers the circumstances. He states that the man's name was Barr, and he is quite certain that he never reported, in accordance with his parole. I herewith inclose reports of the unserviceable horses, condemned and turned over in this command during the months of February, March, and April of this year. * This does not, however, include the old regiments of the DIVISION, as they are nearly all absent on furlough. These are commencing to return however. The THIRD and Ninth Illinois have just returned, and the Sixth and Second Iowa will be here in a week or ten days; a part of these come mounted, and a part not. I could readily use 3,000 horses to mount men of this command who are now dismounted. I instructed the Second Iowa, Sixth and Seventh Illinois, to make requisitions for Spencer carbines; I cannot say whether they have done so or not. If not, I will forward them immediately upon their return. I should have at least 3,000 of these arms forwarded, subject to my order, at once. It would save great delay in the fitting out of this command. Cannot some arrangement be made to this end? I would willingly receipt for the arms myself, and afterward secure the requisitions of the regiments to which they are issued. I trust something will be done to furnish me with horses and arms without delay. This command can then be placed in elegant condition.

Forrest has passed south, and, as near as I can ascertain, is near Tupelo, Miss. His force while in Tennessee was about 7,000 effective men, besides between 1,500 and 2,000 conscripts, interiorly armed, and somewhat disorganized. I am informed that the THIRD MichiKansas have been ordered to rejoin this command, but do ny will arrive. They are said to be armed and mounted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

MAY 17, 1864.

The THIRD Michigan arrived in the night, dismounted. Of course they can perform no efficient service.

B. H. G.

---------------

*Not found as inclosures.

---------------

3 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT II

