
porting upon arrival to Brigadier General Richard Arnold, chief of artillery, Department of the Gulf. The Indiana artillery will take with them all their siege equipments complete, with the exception of eight 10-inch mortars, old pattern, which, with their beds, platforms, and implements, will be turned over to the ordnance officer at Fort Morgan. The chief quartermaster of this DIVISION will cause the necessary transportation to be furnished as early as practicable.

7. The three companies of the Seventy-fourth Colored Infantry, now on duty of Mobile Point, Ala., will return to Ship Island, Miss., as soon as the necessary transportation can be furnished. The chief quartermaster of this DIVISION will cause transportation to be furnished as early as practicable.

8. The following-named regiments are hereby relieved from duty with the U. S. forces at Mobile Bay, and will proceed without delay to this city, reporting upon arrival at these headquarters: Twentieth Iowa Infantry, Thirty-fourth Iowa Infantry, Thirty-eighth Iowa Infantry, Sixty-seventh Indiana Infantry, Ninety-sixth Ohio Infantry, Seventy-seventh Illinois Infantry. The chief quartermaster of this DIVISION will cause the necessary transportation to be furnished as early as practicable.

* * * * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO, Numbers 79. Knoxville, Tenn., September 2, 1864.

Until further orders the Hiwassee River will be regarded as the southern boundary of the District of East Tennessee and of the Department of the Ohio.

The commanding general of the District of East Tennessee will indicate in orders, from time to time, the limits of actual military occupation in his district, within which command intercourse may be permitted, so far as necessary to supply the necessities of loyal persons residing within such limits, as provided in Section 9 of the act of Congress approved July 2, 1864.

The general commanding the district will confer with the U. S. Treasury agent at Knoxville, and agree with him in writing as to the place or places within the limits above referred to which supplies may be taken for the loyal residents therein, and the aggregate amount which may be taken monthly to each of such places. Such agreement will be submitted at department headquarters for the approval of the commanding general.

permits to ship necessary supplies for officers serving with troops in the field can be obtained from the officers of the Treasury, upon invoices approved by the army commander, and the shipment may be made in the name of an agent appointed for the purpose, with the approval of the army commander.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

G. M. BASCOM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

22 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT II

