
BLOOMINGTON, September 2, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

Officers of the State militia at Evansville report that four white men and a negro crossed from Indiana to Kentucky, and were captured by armed guerrillas, and the negro, under the infliction of three hundred lashes, induced to say that they crossed to obtain substitutes, colored I suppose; thereupon a magistrate committed the whole party to jail in Henderson for kidnaping. If you will authorize it, and also General Hovey, I can send a force from Evansville and release them.

JAS. HUGHES,

Major-General, State Militia.

LEXINGTON, KY., September 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General HOBSON,

Lebanon, Ky.:

Move your command to Columbia, and order Colonel True to join you via Glasgow. Order Lieutenant True to join you with your detachment here. There is a company of the Thirteenth Kentucky at Burkesville. Dibrell's rebel brigade is at Albany. You, of course, remembered the position for defense at Green River bridge, where we whipped Morgan in 1863.

By order of Brigadier-General McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP BURNSIDE, September 2, 1864.

Captain J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following dispatched were just received:

BURKESVILLE, KY., September 2, 1864 - 11. 25 a. m.

Colonel BROWN:

Scout just returned from center Point last night confirms the report that Wheeler is in below there, and that Morgan and Dibrell and striking for Pound Gap, with 5,000 men. It is impossible to cross Cumberland at Celina, as the boats are all sunk from that point to Creelsborough. Have sent scout across river from here in that direction.

J. A. MORRISON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry.

LONDON, September 2, 1864.

Colonel S. B. BROWN:

Lieutenant Van Dyke, Twelfth Ohio Cavalry, telegraphs from Big Creek Gap, via Jacksborough, that there are no rebels in that vicinity. He says Wheeler's force passed through Winter's Gap, and last heard from was leading for Middle Tennessee.

F. A. DU BOIS,

Captain, Twelfth Ohio Volunteers.

S. B. BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

