
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,

Field's Mill, Ga., May 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. Bascom, assistant adjutant-general, is hereby assigned to duty in charge of the assistant adjutant- general's office at headquarters Department of the Ohio, Knoxville, Tenn.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GLASGOW, KY., May 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

Our men fired on by citizens; they have double-barrel shotguns and pistols. Have been disarming some; would like to have orders to disarm every suspicious-looking citizen in the vicinity.

H. M. HURT,

Major Thirteenth Kentucky Cavalry.

LEXINGTON, May 17, 1864.

Major H. M. HURT,

Glasgow, Ky.:

If citizens fire on your men, show them no quarter. Treat them as guerrillas. Arrest suspicious persons, and by all means disarm those whom you have reason to believe will interfere with the military in the vicinity of Glasgow.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF DISTRICT,Columbus, May 17, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

GENERAL: I have finished the railroad to Moscow, because it is so often difficult to cross the Little Obion, and I can complete to Union City in four days, but am in no haste to begin that part for reasons already given. It is evinced that the road will pay from Union City here if we take the cotton and tobacco which will be offered for freight. My impression is decidedly against taking it, and I shall follow this policy, which in indicated by the orders you have issued for Tennessee, till I receive new instructions from you, if I can. The depredations committed on Union people by the force I sent out under Colonel Moore were by the citizens mounted by General Brayman's Special Orders, No. 45. I took away their horses and arms the day after they returned and revoked their permits. They knew the Union people, and selected them for annoyance according to my best information, which is confirmed from all different quarters. There is a force of guerrillas centering at Boydsville on the Tennessee line. Their object is to cover smuggling, I suppose, and I ought to have mounted men to disperse and catch them. A good squadron of cavalry would be very useful here. In the absence of it, I am trying to get up mounted infantry, but my force is limited. I have not latitude for selection or detail of officers, and horses are wanting. The steamer W. W. Crawford is suspected of smuggling.

