
and the glorious achievements of the army under Major-General Sherman in the State of Georgia, resulting in the capture of the city of Atlanta, call for devout acknowledgment to the Supreme Being, in whose hands are the destinies of nations. It is, therefore, requested that on next Sunday, in all places of public worship in the United States, thanksgiving be offered to Him for His mercy in preserving our national existence against the insurgent rebels who so long have been waging a cruel was against the Government of the United States for its overthrow; and also that prayer be made for the Divine protection to our brave soldiers and their leaders in the field, who had so often and so gallantly periled their lives on battling with the enemy; and for blessing and comfort from the Farther of Mercies to the sick, wounded, and prisoners, and to the orphans and widows of those who have fallen in the service of their country; and that He will continue to uphold the Government of the United States against all the efforts of public enemies and secret foes.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

September 3, 1864.

The national thanks are tendered by the President to Admiral Farragut and Major-General canby for the skill and harmony with which the recent operations in Mobile Harbor and against Fort Powell, Fort Gaines, and Fort Morgan were planned and carried into execution; also to Admiral Farragut and Major-General Granger, under whose immediate command they were conducted, and to the gallant commanders on sea and land, and to the sailors and soldiers engaged in the operations, for their energy and courage, which, under the blessing of Providence, have been crowned with brilliant success, and have won for them the applause and thanks of the nation.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,September 3, 1864.

General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

Orders should be sent to the chief quartermaster at Nashville to organize and arm at least a part of his employees for the defense of that place. The organization will be made by the Quartermaster's Department, and in case of immediate danger they will be placed under the orders of the commanding officer at Nashville.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, September 3, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: In reply to your note of this date you are respectfully informed that the organization of the employed of the quartermaster's department at Nashville was ordered some time since. Colonel Donald-

