
son reports that on the 1st of September, with General Miller, commanding the post of Nashville, he reviewed 4,000 quartermaster's men, organized and under arms, and that the spirit of the officers and men is admirable; that General Miller was exceedingly pleased with their appearance, and Colonel Donaldson is of opinion that on a pinch they can defend Nashville alone. At Louisville, under instructions from the Quartermaster-General, General Allen has organized a similar force, and his requisition for 1,000 muskets has been approved. He has not so many men as Nashville.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Brevet Major-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, Ky., September 3, 1864.

Captain ASHCROFT,

Commanding Detachment Twenty-sixth Kentucky:

(Through Post Headquarters.)

The general directs that you move at once with all your command, via Shelbyville, to Louisville, and on your arrival to report to Lieutenant Colonel T. B. Fairleigh, commanding post, Louisville, Ky. Three hundred rebels are reported in vicinity of Shelbyville, Ky., and Lieutenant-Colonel Craddock, with Thirtieth Kentucky, is after them. If on your route you can operate with Lieutenant- Colonel Craddock, you will do so, and assist in clearing the country and driving the rebels out, after which you will proceed to Louisville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 3, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH:

It is General Grant's wish that you act with your command against Wheeler's cavalry raiders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ohio, September 3, 1864.

General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Chief of Staff, Washington:

GENERAL: In obedience to your telegram of 2 p. m. August 28, I left on the next train for Chicago, and arrived there on the evening of the 29th. I immediately put myself in communication with the leaders of the Democratic party, and was satisfied that no danger need be apprehended. The next morning I visited and inspected the barracks and prisons, and found them in good order, and all arrangements had been

