
made by Colonel Sweet to resist an attack, should it be made. I remained till 10 p. m. of the day after the convention had adjourned, by which time the crowd had measurably dispersed. I also has an interview with several of the prominent leaders of the Democratic party of Indiana, and have their assurances that there will be no organized resistance to the draft, but there may be riots and disturbances at a few places.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 4, 1864 - 8 p. m.

(Received 10. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Paine must be removed from paducah. He is not fit to leave a command where there is a solitary family within his reach favorable to the Government. His administration will result in large and just claims against the Government for destruction of private property taken from our friends. He will do to put in an entirely disloyal district to scourge the people, but even then it is doubtful whether it comes within the bounds of civilized warfare to use him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., September 4, 1864.

Adjutant-General LINDSEY,

Frankfort, Ky.:

If Twenty-sixth Kentucky Mounted Infantry has not left Frankfort, or is near there, please send them orders to communicate with Colonel Craddock at Eminence, or vicinity, and assist him at once in catching Jessee's men. Craddock reports having chased them to Sligo, and scattered them.

By order of Brigadier-General McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., September 4, 1864.

Colonel HARVEY BUCKLEY,

New Castle, Ky.:

Tell Colonel Craddock to keep on after Jessee, and to communicate with Twenty-sixth Kentucky Mounted Infantry, which moved from here yesterday to help him. The Twenty-sixth moved through Frankfort to Shelbyville, well mounted and strong.

By order of Brigadier-General McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

