
PADUCAH, KY., September 9, 1864.

(Received 5. 35 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Following dispatch just received here from General Burbridge. General Paine was ordered here by the President to collect assessments on rebel sympathizers. Union men all indorse his policy. If sent away the Union men in this end of the State will all leave. All is lost. Have the order of Grant revoked. Telegraph me:

LEXINGTON, KY., September 6, 1864.

General E. A. PAINE,

Paducah:

You are hereby relieved from command in this district, in accordance with orders from Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, and will turn over your command to the officer next in rank, together with all books and papers pertaining to your office. You will report the name of your successor to these headquarters by telegraph, and will report yourself for orders to Major-General Schofield, commanding Department of the Ohio.

By order of Major-General Burbridge, commanding District of Kentucky.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

L. ANDERSON.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Vicksburg,Vicksburg, Miss., September 9, 1864.

Brigadier General M. BRAYMAN,

Commanding, Natchez:

Yesterday a copy of an affidavit made by a refugee from Jackson was sent to you. It appears to be probable that Forrest, in conjunction with Adams, with considerable force, is near that place with the purpose of active operations. The impression entertained in the country is that he intends to attack this place with a view of attempting to destroy or hold it. He may at any time attempt a dash on Natchez, and you must hold yourself so much on the alert that he cannot surprise you and to prevent him from damaging the town or destroying and carrying off property. It is presumed you now have every available man armed and ready for defense, as directed in the orders I communicated to you from the major-general commanding the Military DIVISION of WEST MISSISSIPPI on the 27th of July, and that your militia is rapidly organizing. You will not fail to use every elements of defense in your power, and to hold your post secure. The forces at Vidalia would, of course, re-enforce Natchez in necessary, and the guns of the fort at Vidalia can assist in keeping or driving the enemy out of the city in event of your forces being compelled the retire within the defenses. The garrison at this post is, in view of the force which is now in the field against us, not sufficient strong to enable me to send you a white regiment. I will at once represent to General Canby the necessity of your having one sent to or left with you, and if he cannot leave either the Twenty-eighth or Twenty-ninth [Illinois], I hope he may be able to send you one from Morganza; if not, still as the Fourth Illinois Cavalry is 900 strong, you can, by properly arming it and drilling the dismounted portion as infantry, be able to consider yourself as having two regiments of the ordinary strength.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

