
She has just gone down with a freight for troops, and before starting the captain obtained from the permission to pass Columbus without landing. I gave it, supposing that it is an entering wedge, and that he will make the same application again, expecting to get it as off hand; if he does I shall give it, and inspect his vessel as he goes down. There is, I learn to-day, smuggling to a considerable extent carried on by small boats, between a point at the head of Wolf Island and Hickman. I shall search the river there for boats, and take all I find or destroy them. The troops of the SIXTEENTH Army Corps, which have been here for rendezvous, embarked this morning on two steam-boats with transportation for Vicksburg, leaving here at noon. It was the presence of these troops that enabled me to send out Colonel Moore. Measures are being taken to bring off the guns at Island No. 10. A telegram from Colonel Hicks says he is preparing to send out cars toward Mayfield to-morrow, guarded, to make some repairs on that road. I inclose a communication from Major Sidell respecting the draft. A squadron of cavalry is necessary to prosecute this completely.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. ACTG. ASST. PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, STATE OF Kentucky,Louisville, Ky., May 15, 1864.

Major General Henry PRINCE,

Commanding District of Cairo, Cairo, Ill.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that by frequent reports from Captain R. H. Hall, provost-marshal of First District of Kentucky, which comprehends all the counties of the State lying WEST of the Tennessee River and within your command, I am informed that he is impeded in his work of enrolling and drafting the national forces by armed bands of the enemy and by disaffected inhabitants acting in the enemy's interest. In order that he may complete his enrollment, make his draft, and serve the necessary notices within the ten days required by law after the drawing, it is necessary that he should have a sufficient force under his control of either mounted men or with authority granted to the officers of said force to supply themselves with the means of quick locomotion by obtaining the use of horses, mules, or wagons for the purpose. Captain Hall announces that he will commence drawing on Wednesday, 18th instant, but this will be begun for the counties lying east of the Tennessee before drawing for those WEST thereof, by which course some week or two will be gained to allow provision to be made for the protection of his officers in the counties lying within the limits of your command WEST of the Tennessee.

His duties which require the protection of a force are principally these: enrolling those not yet enrolled, drawing the names, serving the notices on the persons drawn within ten days after the drawing at their usual places of residence or in person, guarding the drafted men who come into rendezvous, and guarding the squads he may send from his rendezvous to general rendezvous at Louisville. Mounted men are not considered necessary for these guards.

As Captain Hall may himself communicate with you, I write this letter to advise you of the general necessity and to enable you to provide

