HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Vicksburg,Vicksburg, Miss., September 9, 1864.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military DIVISION of WEST Mississippi:

I beg lave to refer particularly to my report of inspection at Natchez, dated July 20, 1864. The Captain Thomas therein reported is First Lieutenant Lorenzo Thomas, Jr., First Artillery, U. S. Army. I have the honor now to inclose a letter from Brigadier- General Brayman, commanding the post at Natchez, with four inclosures, alleging further outrages on the part of Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant-General. I regret very much not having received the report of his high-handed interferences in presuming to arrest and tie my guards, in the proper performance of their duties, before he left the limits of this district. I certainly should have sent him in arrest, with proper charges, to the headquarters Military DIVISION of WEST MISSISSIPPI for trial. He has gone North. Born and raised in the South, and having his early friends among the disloyal of this district, he continues his sympathies with them and talks of conciliation (?) and acts accordingly, doing favors for disloyal people, not proper to be done by any officer, and highly culpable when done in disregard of the proper military commanders. But I cannot account for his acting so contrary to the common interests of a profession in which he has passed his life, by overpowering a guard, in any other way than by crediting the current reports of his intemperate habits. Now that he is beyond my reach, I can only ask that his conduct shall not go unnoticed or unpunished.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Natchez, Miss., September 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I inclose for official notice: First, report of Lieutenant I. N. Earl, commanding Independent Scouts, concerning capture of arms and quinine, with circumstances; second, statement o Sergt. A. J. Maddox, Company M, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, in which Brigadier General L. Thomas, Adjutant-General U. S. Army, is referred to; this, statement of John D. Baker, of Company K, and Thomas M. Vineyard, of Company A, Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, in which the name of the same officer and of his son are in question. As the matters refer to a superior officer and the Adjutant-General of the Army I forbear comment, except to say, in justice to myself, that the last two transactions were not reported to me (verbally) until the day preceding.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, September 16, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

I have reason to apprehend that there may be some personal feeling introduced in these complaints, but the subject should be referred to the Adjutant-General for explanation.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

