
partially made, not being finished. There were three bottles with quinine in them, one full and two party full. The one that was full was taken out by General Thomas the day before.

I have, sir, the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

I. N. EARL,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Special Scouts, Mil. Div. of WEST Miss.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.] Statement of Sergt. Arnold J. Maddox, Company M, Fourth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry:

On Friday night, September 2, 1864, I was on patrol duty in the city. About 9 o'clock at night myself and two others, also on patrol duty (James Ferguson, Company I, Fourth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry; the other I do not know his name; he was of the Fourth Illinois Volunteer Cavalry), went out to the picket-post on the Washington road. On our way back we met two citizens and examined their passes about a quarter of a mile this side of the picket- post. While examining their passes we heard a carriage coming, and waited until it came up. We halted the carriage. I asked the driver who he had in there; he answered that he had Adjutant-General Thomas. I said I wanted to see General Thomas; a man opened the carriage door and put his head out, and said he was Adjutant- General Thomas, of the U. S. Army. He asked me if I was on duty in the city. I told him I was. he then asked me if I wanted the countersign. I did not know whether I was entitled to it, and consequently did not answer him. He then asked me if I had the countersign. I answered I had not. He then asked me if I was entitled to receive the countersign. I told him I did not know whether I was or not. He then repeated the question if I had the countersign. I told him I had not. He then said, "I won't give it to you," and, further, said I could take him where I pleased and do with him as I pleased. I then asked him to let me see his shoulder straps and that would settle all difficulty. The man that called himself Adjutant-General Thomas asked to see his shoulder straps. He said he would not do it. I remarked that I had never seen Adjutant-General Thomas and did not know the man, but that if I could see his shoulder straps it would be all right. He said I could take him and do as I pleased with him; I then told the driver to drive to the court house. Up to this time there had been no angry conversation; nothing but questions and answers. On the way to the court-house there was some conversation in the carriage which I did not understand, on account of the noise. When I got to the court-house I called the lieutenant of the provost guard, and told him that there was a man that called himself Adjutant-General Thomas. The lieutenant went and opened the carriage door; the man ordered the lieutenant to put me under arrest; the lieutenant tried to explain matters, but he would not listed, and threatened to put the lieutenant under arrest if he did not put me under arrest. The lieutenant told him that he would see that his orders were obeyed. I then asked the lieutenant to find out the name of the other man in the carriage. The general said to the lieutenant: "If you do not put that man under arrest (referring to me), I will arrest you, for he is a rascal; a scoundrel. " About that time the provost guard came up with a man they said they had arrested for using disloyal language; the general said he would vouch for him, and took him in his carriage and drove away.

A. J. MADDOX.

