
[Sub-inclosure Numbers 3.]Statement of John D. Baker, corporal, Company K, Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry:

While on duty, September 2, 1864, in Natchez, Miss., and under the hill, saw a carriage going by that contained a keg of whisky. I assisted in detaining the carriage; the driver stated that the whisky belonged to General Thomas, and was put into the carriage by order of Lieutenant thomas. I could see no marks on the keg that showed it to belong to General Thomas, and told the river that he would have to get an order from General Thomas showing that it belonged to him. The driver went to the boat, as I supposed, to do so, but came back with a guard from the boat and arrested Daniel Singer and myself; Singer was on guard with me. They took us abroad the steamer Rocket. Lieutenant Thomas asked us by what authority we had detained the carriage; I told him "by General Brayman's orders; " he said he would see General Brayman, and show us what it was to interfere with anything of his. He then ordered the guard to tie us hand and foot, and if we attempted to get away to use their muskets, and if any soldiers came to assist us in getting away, to load the guns (pointing to the cannon) with grape and canister.

Daniel Singer, Company E, Twenty-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, corroborates the above statement.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 4.]Statement of Thomas M. Vineyard, corporal, Company A, Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry:

On the night of September 2 I saw a carriage stopped by a guard on duty under the hill; the carriage contained a keg of whisky; the guard made some inquiries about it; the driver said that the whisky belonged to General Thomas; he was then told by the guard that an order from the general would be required before they could release the carriage. The driver went to the boat, as I supposed, to get the order, but soon came back with a guard from the boat, who arrested the soldiers that had detained the carriage, and took them aboard the steam-boat Rocket, where they were tied hand and foot, and were kept there nearly or quite two hours. Lieutenant D. H. Smith, Company A, Twenty-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, was on duty as officer of the guard that day, September 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General BRAYMAN, Commanding:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that above statements were made under oath.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. PARKER,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Natchez, Miss., September 8, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. RODGERS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The inclosed paper should have gone with others on the same subject yesterday. Please file with them.

Yours, &amp;c.,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

23 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT II

