
[Sub-inclosure.]
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH Regiment Illinois VET. VOL. INFTY.,Fort McPherson, Natchez, Miss., September 4, 1864.

Lieutenant T. A. RALSTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I am informed that on the evening of the 2nd instant two or three soldiers of this command (then on duty as provost guard at the time landing) were arrested while in the legitimate discharge of their duty by Lieutenant Thomas, son of the Adjutant-General of the Army, and by his order were bound hand and foot for at least one hour. I understand that he alleged as a reason for such action that these men refused to allow him to bring ashore a keg of whisky, while they were ordered to allow nothing to come ashore without being property permitted. Such conduct by an officer toward soldiers in the discharge of duty under strict orders is strictly unjustifiable and tends directly to subvert good discipline, unless good and sufficient reason can be given. A soldier has very little means of self-defense in himself, and unless his officers interfere in his behalf it is scarcely possible for him to receive justice. I therefore, as the commanding officer of these men, respectfully, but earnestly, ask that the commanding general order an investigation of the whole matter with a view to securing justice to all parties concerned, especially the soldiers.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. KENT,

Colonel, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FORT McPHERSON,September 6, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

B. G. FARRAR,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Natchez, Miss., September 7, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

A full investigation has been made and the matter reported to General Dana. Colonel Kent will please thank the two faithful men who were the victims of the outrage for their fidelity and good conduct.

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General.

[SEPTEMBER 9, 1864. - For Sherman to Hood, in reference to exchange of prisoners, see Second Series.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 9, 1864.

Major General A. J. SMITH,

Cairo:

You will prepare your command to immediately take the field WEST of the MISSISSIPPI against Price &amp; Co. General Rosecrans suggests that you move from Cape Girardeau, but it seems to me that if the enemy is

