
on White River it will be better for you to unite with Mower and Steele in his rear. Advise with such officers as you can and telegraph me your opinion. In the mean time I will consult General Grant's wishes.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 10, 1864-2. 10 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The declaration of Mr. Seward, at Auburn, that there would be no draft, was unauthorized and a mistake. The credits for recruits have been ascertained. The draft has been to commence in every district in every State next Monday and to proceed as rapidly as possible until the whole number is obtained. There will be little or no armed resistance, unless in Indiana and Illinois, and even there it is not expected to be very extensive.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., September 10, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

As soon as your men are sufficiently rested and preparations can be made, it is desirable that another campaign should be commenced. We want to keep the enemy constantly pressed to the end of the war. if we given him no peace while the war lasts, the end cannot be distant. Now that we have all of Mobile Bay that is valuable, I do not know but it will be the best move to transfer Canby's troops to act upon Savannah whilst you move on Augusta. I should like to hear from you, however, on this matter.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 10, 1864-6. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Petersburg paper of the 9th contains a dispatch from Mobile of the 7th announcing the arrival of Generals Forrest and Taylor. It is to be hoped that the enemy have found it necessary to call in Forrest's forces.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 10, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 11. 50 a. m. 11th.)

General GRANT,

City Point:

I have your dispatch of to-day. My command needs some rest and pay. Our roads are also broken back near Nashville, and Wheeler is not yet disposed of; still, I am perfectly alive to the importance of pushing our advantage to the utmost. I do not think we can afford to

