
III. Major-General Thomas will cause a guard to be established on the road, out beyond the camp-ground, with orders to allow all wagons and vehicles to pass that are manifestly used for this purpose without undue search, and Major-General Howard will send a guard of 100 men, with a field officer in command, to take post at Rough and Ready during the truce, with orders, in concert with a guard of like size from the Confederate army, to maintain the most perfect order in that vicinity during the transfer of these families. A white flag will be displayed during the truce, and the guard will cause all wagons to leave at 4 p. m. on Wednesday, the 21st, and the guard to withdraw at dark, the truce to terminate the next morning.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

BULL'S GAP, TENN., September 10, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

Can you send a cavalry force through Pound Gap to co-operate with me against the rebels in Southwest Virginia and East Tennessee? A diversion from East Kentucky would aid much. Please answer.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, September 10, 1864.

Brigadier General A. C. GILLEM,

Bull's Gap, Tenn.:

If you can defer your movement one week I can concentrate enough cavalry to move through Pound Gap and co-operate with you in taking the salt-works. Let me know your force. Can you not take artillery with you? My road will be bad.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[SEPTEMBER 10, 1864. - For Canby to Washburn, in relation to operations in Arkansas, See Vol. XLI.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE, Numbers 123. East Point, Ga., September 10, 1864.

* * * * *

II. In accordance with the requirements of Special Field Orders, Numbers 70, Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, herewith transmitted,* Major General John A. Logan, commanding Fifteenth Army Corps, will cause 100 men properly officered, and in command of a competent, reliable, and gentlemanly field officer, to proceed at daylight on Monday, September 12, 1864, to Rough and Ready Station on the railroad, there to remain during the truce proclaimed, viz, till dark on Wednesday, September 21, 1864, when they will return to their command. General Logan will

---------------

*See p. 356.

---------------

