
part in checks on New York. I feel satisfied this would save a great deal of risk and trouble to the United States as well as the army. The money would not be endangered in transit either way. One- tenth or one-eighth in money and the balance in credits on New York or the North would satisfy this army and would save to the soldiers' families several mIllinois of dollars and prevent much gambling and waste of money. All a paymaster would want would be a check-book and enough greenbacks for change in special cases.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 113. East Point, Ga., September 11, 1864.

* * * * *

III. Brigadier-General Harrow, commanding Fourth DIVISION, will cause a detail of 100 picked men, properly officered, armed, and equipped, and selected, both officers and men, with a view to their soldierly bearing and neatness of dress and appearance, to report at daylight to-morrow morning at headquarters Fourth DIVISION to Colonel Robert F. Catterson, Ninety-seventh Indiana Volunteer Infantry, to proceed to Rough and Ready, as contemplated in Special Field Order, Numbers 123, from department headquarters, herewith inclosed. *

IV. Colonel Robert F. Catterson, Ninety-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry, is hereby detailed to proceed with 100 men, properly officered, and ordered to report to him at daylight to- morrow morning at headquarters Fourth DIVISION, to Rough and Ready, there to remain during the truce proclaimed, viz, till dark on Wednesday, September 21, 1864, when they will return to the command. He will report at 4 p. m. this day at these headquarters for instructions.

* * * * *

By order of Major General John A. Logan:

R. R. TOWNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 11, 1864. - For Hood to Sherman, relating to exchange of prisoners, see Second Series.]
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Atlanta, Ga., September 11, 1864.

Colonel W. J. PALMER,

Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Calhoun, Ga.:

Williams' brigade, rebel cavalry, has been attacked and routed, and is supposed to be trying to cross Tennessee River between Washington and Loudon or above. A courier to Wheeler, captured, reported them out of ammunition and horses jaded. They are still being pursued by Ninth Pennsylvania and Fifth Tennessee Cavalry. Keep look out for them and attack them. As soon as the raid is quieted your regiment will be ordered to front for special service.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.

---------------

*See p. 357.

---------------

