
BULL'S GAP, TENN., September 11, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

Four thousand is more than necessary; 2,000 will be ample. When could you have that number at Pound Gap? The enemy cannot concentrate 2,500 in Southwest Virginia and East Tennessee combined. The principal part of their force is now at Jonesborough, Tenn. Morgan had concentrated all his available force at Greeneville, where I surprised and defeated him on the 4th. His men are much discouraged. From the most reliable information I am confident that there are not 200 men at the salt-works. The loss of these works would be a terrible blow to the rebellion. I have a good battery. Please answer.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF Kentucky,Lexington, Ky., September 11, 1864.

Brigadier General N. C. McLEAN,

Commanding First DIVISION:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you concentrate at Mount Sterling on the 16th instant the forces under General Hobson - the Thirteenth Kentucky, Twelfth Ohio, and Eleventh Michigan Cavalry - and the regiments of Colonel J. M. Brown's command. You will direct Colonel Hanson to keep his command well in hand and in readiness to move. Colonel Hanson will also keep scouts well out toward Pound Gap. Colonel Mims will be directed to hold his two companies of cavalry ready to move at a moment's notice. He will also be ordered to accumulate supplies of corn, bacon, sugar, coffee, and crackers, without delay, at Prestonburg. Lieutenant Mattingly, acting assistant quartermaster, will receive instructions from these headquarters in regard to accumulating supplies at Mount Sterling. The troops above mentioned will be supplied with at least 150 rounds of ammunition per man, and every man will carry a sack in which to take extra rations of corn. To render the contemplated expedition successful secrecy and celerity of movements are essential.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., September 11, 1864-11 a. m.

Brigadier-General HOBSON:

Move with your whole mounted force, without a moment's delay, to Mount Sterling, by nearest route, without coming by Lexington. You must reach Mount Sterling by all means by Friday night. Leave one company at Burkesville. Leave all dismounted men behind under command of good officer, and let me know the name of the officer and number of effective men (dismounted) left. See that your command is supplied with ammunition. Thirteenth Kentucky had better move through Somerset and Irvine. Take no wagons with you. Kee this strictly private. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of Brigadier-General McLean:

J. S. BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

