
LEXINGTON, September 11, 1864.

Brigadier General HUGH EWING,

Louisville, Ky.:

Have you any official information of the capture of Jessee and his command? The general commanding directs that all captured guerrillas be held for trial by military commission.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., September 11, 1864.

Captain J. B. DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have no information of the capture of Jessee or any of his command. I informed Holeman that he might officer good terms to those who came in and gave themselves up.

HUGH EWING,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Paducah, Ky., September 11, 1864. (Received 10. 45 a. m. 12th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

On assuming command of the district* I find five 100-days' regiments, whose time has expired. They are still here. There are no troops in the district but two regiments heavy artillery (colored) and Thirty-fourth New Jersey - 400 men. I respectfully request five regiments of General Smith's command, who are now here, to be ordered to report to me. Would like to have the Eighty- ninth Indiana, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois, and Twenty- fourth Missouri for three of them.

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., September 11, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Atlanta, Ga.:

I have a disposable force of only 15,000 men, but this can be increased to 25,000 or 30,000 as soon as the enemy determines his line of operation. I do not think that Kirby Smith can concentrate more than 30,000, although his returns show 97,000.

Admiral Farragut and myself concurred in the opinion that the occupation of Mobile would be a disadvantage unless we had a sufficient land force to push up the Alabama River in the direction of Montgomery. It would absorb troops to garrison it, and it would become a depot for supplying the rebel armies.

Nearly half of Reynolds' corps is now in Arkansas, but will return as soon as the troubles there are over, when I hope to resume operations

---------------

*General E. A. Paine relinquished command September 11, and was succeeded by General Meredith.

---------------

