
up the Alabama River and east of Mobile. Preparations are now being made in Mobile Bay and at Pensacola. In the mean time, such demonstrations will be made about Mobile and the railroads as will keep up the feeling of uneasiness and prevent any reduction of the force now there. If you can suggest anything that will aid your operations, I will carry it out as far as I have the means. The rebels are concentrating supplies to a great extent at Montgomery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., September 11, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Atlanta:

I learn from Colonel Howard that there has been some misconception as to the nature and extent of the authority exercised by me over the troops on the east bank of the Mississippi. The orders and instructions give me the control of the troops on both banks of the river for the purpose of keeping it open and for such emergencies as might arise. I have considered that this authority was to be exercised in subordination to your own, and without interfering with the relations existing between the post or district and department commanders. The reports made to me are in addition to those which should be made to department commanders, and the assignments that I have made from troops in your DIVISION are temporary. This is fully stated in the orders (General Orders, Nos. 3, 6, and). If any officer has failed to make this report, it is from inattention to, or misconception of, these orders, and this will be corrected. The organization of districts on the Lower Mississippi, the powers given to district commanders within the limits of your DIVISION, and the regulations for the police of the river are general in their character, but were necessary to secure uniformity on both banks of the river, and to give the greatest effect to the means under our control. They conform in the main to the regulations established by General Grant and yourself. The detachment of the Seventeenth Corps, now on White River, was sent by me to Memphis in accordance with your request about the 20th or 25th of May, and I supposed until now that it had been retained by your authority. I have directed General Reynolds to send it back to Memphis, and have advised General Washburn that you wish it to be sent forward. I have not counted upon Smith's force, except as to the contingency of his being spared to support Steele in case of necessity, and upon being advised brn that yim to join you, modified my own plans to conform to this change. Beyond the duties with which I have been specially charged, I have regarded the operations in this DIVISION as entirely subordinate to yours, and have shaped them to accord with your intentions so far as they have been known.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[SEPTEMBER 11, 1864. - For Dana to Canby, in regard to a threatened attack upon Vicksburg, see Vol. XLI.]

