HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Decatur, Ga., September 12, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, Atlanta, Ga.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend for promotion the following officers of my command for gallant and meritorious services during the campaign just ended: Brigadier General J. D. Cox is now the senior brigadier-general of volunteers in active service. He has held various important commands during the war, and was appointed major-general in 1862, but his name was withdrawn from the list sent to the Senate for confirmation because of the limitation by law of the number of major-generals authorized to be appointed. General Cox commanded the Twenty-THIRD Army Corps for some time previous to the assignment of Major-General Stoneman to that command. During this summer's campaign he has commanded the THIRD DIVISION of that corps, under my immediate personal observation. I have no hesitation in saying that I have never seen a more able and efficient DIVISION commander. General Cox is possessed of a very high order of talent and superior education. As a commander he is discreet, energetic, and brave. As a just reward for long, faithful, and efficient services and as an act of justice to the army and the country, I earnestly recommend that Brigadier General J. D. Cox be appointed major-general of volunteers. Brigadier General M. S. Hascall is a graduate of the Military Academy of the class of 1852. He has held his present rank in the volunteer service since April 25, 1862, and has exercised various important commands. He commanded the campaign in Georgia as commander of a brigade in the Twenty-THIRD Corps, and on the 18th of May was advanced to the command until the present time. General Hascall has uniformly handled his DIVISION with skill, energy, and discretion, and all his operations have been attended with marked success. He has shown himself eminently worthy of the command he holds and should have the corresponding rank. I respectfully recommend that Brigadier General M. S. Hascall be appointed major-general of volunteers.

I also recommend the following colonels commanding brigades in the Twenty-THIRD Corps for promotion to the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers. They have received the special recommendations of their DIVISION commanders, which are fully approved and forwarded herewith: Colonel John Bond, One hundred and eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, Second DIVISION; Colonel John S. Casement, One hundred and THIRD Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION; Colonel Silas A. Strickland, Fiftieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding THIRD Brigade, Second DIVISION. I earnestly hope all the appointments above recommended may be made. Should the number of vacancies in the grades of major-general and brigadier-general not justify the appointment of so large a number from this army I respectfully request that the officers who may not be appointed may receive the brevet of the rank for which they are recommended.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, September 12, 1864-12. 35 p. m.

General AMMEN:

Will patrol river to Loudon. Enemy reported moving toward East Tennessee without ammunition; will know definitely to-day and report.

J. B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

