HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,White's Station, September 12, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN,

Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The force of Forrest, of which you telegraphed this morning, was about 800 strong. This I learn from scouts and patrols. The scouts I am inclined to believe. That this force began night before last to destroy the railroad between Germantown and La Grange, which has been most effectually done, so far as burning trestles and bridges go. The men of this force report they will yet attack Memphis; and that Forrest has promised to take them to Tennessee, and means to have his share of the corps; this, however, may be only the camp rumors. We have forwarded reports of the grain of this command falling short in weight. Could our horses have their full allowance of hay we might be able to keep them up with the loss of twenty per cent. in actual weight, rather than oblige our quartermasters to receipt for twenty per cent. of what they do not get. There is another way it can be remedied, drawing the full allowance of grain when the command is out on scout, and thus, by accumulation, supplying the deficiency when in camp.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,White's Station, September 12, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, District of WEST Tennessee:

GENERAL: On being asked by General Washburn for information regarding a force of Forrest's in this neighborhood, I have reported from all I can learn from scouts and patrols. Night before last about 800 men destroyed the railroad from Germantown to La Grange. I have also written him in regard to forage falling short of weight. The THIRD Illinois have reported, dismounted. Is it your intention to have them mounted?

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Camp Howard, September 12, 1864.

Colonel NOBLE,

Commanding Second DIVISION, Cavalry Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that four men have just come in from the patrol on the Hernando road, and report that they were cut off from the main body by a considerable number of rebels who fired upon them. I have immediately ordered an armed party to go out and find the main body of the patrol.

JOHN F. RUGERS,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

