
expedition to Grenada with a view of breaking up the railroad and destroying supplies; this I cannot do if I hold myself in readiness to respond to a call from you, which I shall do, supposing that your wants may be the most urgent.

I do not hear of any interruption to General Steele's communications. The reports are that the force that has been confronting him has fallen back. I have only about 2,800 white infantry. I have several batteries and a large amount of dismounted cavalry and odds and ends of non-veteran regiments, that make a show on paper but are not of much account.

I shall be glad do all in my power in aid of any enterprise you have in view. Could spare 1,000 colored infantry.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

WHITE'S STATION, May 18, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN:

The Pocahontas story may be true, but I have heard nothing to confirm it, except the evacuation of Tupelo. I have always thought that Forrest would cross the Tennessee River, if he could, and go to Kentucky.

G. E. WARING, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, No. 93 Memphis, Tenn., May 18, 1864.

I. The detachments of the THIRD Illinois and THIRD Michigan Cavalry, now on duty with the Provisional Regiment and with the dismounted cavalry camp in Fort Pickering, will proceed immediately to rejoin their respective regiments on the Hernando road. All arms in the hands of these detachments will be transferred to their respective company commanders.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	* 	*

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,

White's Station, May 18, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of WEST Tennessee:

I do not like the dearth of news. In view of the uncertainty of Forrest's movements, I think I ought to send 100 good men, under first-rate officers, as far as La Grange or Saulsbury, to ascertain more surely the position and movements of the enemy. I don't understand why Henderson's scouts are constantly about us. They usually have some communication with Forrest.

G. E. WARING, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

