
of a "brave people," which I hardly expect he will publish. If his is widely circulated it might also be well to let the Southern papers get mine through Northern channels. I will have all my official reports in by the 15th, which will dispose of the past, and leave us free to think of and prepare for the future, and now I will only renew the expression of the hope that our ranks will be replenished by a liberal supply of recruits.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 303. Washington, September 13, 1864.

* * * * *

26. Brigadier General T. F. Meagher, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Nashville, Tenn., and from there report by telegraph to Major-General Sherman, U. S. Army, commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 13, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Major-General Rousseau being absent after Wheeler, and there being an emergency, I communicate with you directly. I am informed that the Sixth Kentucky, which garrisons the block-houses from Stevenson to Cowan, has been ordered to Nashville. I have just received a dispatch from Major-General Steedman ordering the Eighteenth Wisconsin and FIFTY-ninth Indiana to Chattanooga. These regiments were left on this line two weeks ago by General Steedman and are garrisoning the block-houses and stockades from Cowan to Duck River. I have sent the Fifth Tennessee Cavalry to join McMinnville to pursue Williams. The two 100-days' Indiana regiments left, whose terms of service expired twelve days since, are concentrated here to start home. With the exception of the little artillery company here to start home. With the exception all guards from Duck River to Stevenson. What shall be done?

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRANGER, Decatur:

The following note from operator here just received:

Operator at Brownsborough, Ala., reports at 5 o'clock this a. m., rebels, 1,000 strong, had crossed the river and railroad, cutting telegraph lines, two miles south of Brownsborough; also states that a large force was crossing the river below. Line working to Brownsborough.

GLASS,

Chief Operator.

Look after this at once and see if there is anything in it.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

