
NASHVILLE, TENN., September 13, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE, Lexington, Ky.:

There is said to be a rebel force of 2,000 to 3,000, under Williams, in White County. They are crippled and demoralized. We have a complete force after them. They will hardly trouble Kentucky. I hear of no other force in that direction.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF Kentucky, Numbers 3. Lexington, September 13, 1864.

The general commanding is pained to hear that, in various portions of his command, squads of Federal soldiers and companies of men styling themselves "State Guards," "Home Guards," "Independent Companies," &amp;c., are roving over the country committing outrages on peaceable citizens, seizing without authority their horses and other property, insulting and otherwise maltreating them. That the traitorous guerrillas robbers and thieves should perpetrate such outrages is to be expected, for having been guilty of the highest crime known in the law, they are prepared to commit all others. But that any one, armed in the cause of Union and law, should engage in robbing and plundering defenseless citizens, is humiliating in the extreme, and he who so dishonors his calling deserves the severest punishment. Such outrage will not be tolerated longer, and the general commanding is determined, to the extent of his ability, to preserve law and order: Therefore-

I. All property seized or taken as aforesaid without authority by any persons whatsoever for military purposes will be forthwith restored to the owners, if possible, and hereafter no property of any kind will be seized or taken from peaceable, law-abiding citizens of this command without authority in writing from these headquarters or from some one of the DIVISION or brigade commanders, except when absolutely necessary in the actual and immediate pursuit of the enemy, or where provisions and forage are needed, and it is impossible to obtain them in the regular way; in all such cases the property, other than provisions and forage, to be returned to the owners as soon as possible.

II. The officers of this command are directed to strictly and vigorously enforce this order, and should any such companies as are above mentioned fail or refuse to obey it, the nearest officer of this command will, in case of "Home Guards," or "Independent Companies," disarm and disband the men, seize the property they have illegally taken, restore it to its owners, arrest the officers, and send them to the nearest brigade commander, with a statement of the facts and circumstances. Should the offenders be regularly organized under the laws of Kentucky as "State Guards" the facts will be at once reported to the Governor of the State.

III. While the general commanding feels it his imperative duty to make this order, he will gladly co-operate with the forces under his command with army such companies as are above named in every legal and laudable effort to protect the loyal citizens and clear the State of the common enemy, and so long as they respect law and order will give them all the aid in his power.

By order of Bvt. Major S. G. Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

