
and sending Blair to the MISSISSIPPI to make up his corps out of the troops there. General Blair wants to go home on a visit, and this may suit him. There are plenty of men over on the MISSISSIPPI to make a good corps, but they are scattered. I would risk the exercise of the right to make the order transferring the DIVISIONS if General Blair and the DIVISION commanders consent.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, September 14, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN, Atlanta:

GENERAL: It being reported that there was an extravagant waste of money at Nashville on improperly planned fortifications, General Cullum was sent there by the Chief Engineer to examine into the condition of affairs. Before completing his duties he was ordered by the Secretary of War to WEST Point, and General Tower has been ordered to take his place. The latter is not now able from wounds to do active duty in the field, but will be subject to your orders for whatever he can do. I think it is very important that an engineer officer of his experience should inspect the fortifications in your DIVISION, see that they are properly planned for the protection of depots, and, above all, that the expenditure of money on them be reduced to the lowest possible limit. General Cullum's report on the extravagance of the plans at Nashville, the large sum of money required to construct them, and their defects when constructed, induces me to urge upon you the importance of placing General Tower, or some other experienced engineer officer, on such inspecting duty.

Very respectfully,

H. W. HALLECK.

[SEPTEMBER 14, 1864. - For Hood, to Sherman, agreeing to terms for the exchange of prisoners, see Second Series.]

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE OHIO, Numbers 110. Decatur, Ga., September 4, 1864.

* * * * *

XIII. During the temporary absence of the major-general commanding, Brigadier General J. D. Cox will command the army in the field, and will exercise all the powers of the army commander, except in matters which require the [action of the] general-in-chief of the army or the War Department. Such matters will be referred to the major-general commanding at department headquarters.

* * * * *

XXX. Upon the receipt of this order Brigadier General H. M. Judah, U. S. Volunteers, will report by letter of Bvt. Major General S. G. Burbridge, commanding District of Kentucky, for assignment to duty on general courts-martial.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

