
BRIDGEPORT, September 14, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

I have the honor to communicate the following dispatch to you:

DECATUR, ALA., September 14, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Bridgeport:

Captain Morehead, of gun-boat General Sherman, informs me that on friday last Clanton made a speech at Chattooga County, Ga., in which he said he was soon to make a raid upon Bridgeport and Whiteside's. He is gathering up all the forces he can for that purpose. The information was given to Captain Morehead by one of our scouts at Larkin's Landing who heard Clanton made the speech.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

Having no cavalry, I therefore respectfully refer this dispatch to you.

W. KRZYZANOWSKI,

Colonel, Commanding.

(Same to General Rousseau from General Granger.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Decatur, Ga., September 14, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Military DIVISION of the Mississippi:

GENERAL: I respectfully request your permission to visit East Tennessee and Kentucky, to attend to the affairs of my department during the period allowed for the army to rest about Atlanta. My command here will be left in the hands of a competent officer, Brigadier-General Cox, and cannot suffer from my absence, while there is some important department business requiring my personal attention. My private business also demands a few days' attention, which I desire to avail myself of this opportunity to give it. I will be within reach of call by telegraph, so that I can rejoin the army in time for any move which may be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

LOUDON, September 14, 1864-10. 50 a. m.

Captain AMMEN:

A dispatch just received from Major Reeves, which left Kingston at 8 p. m. 13th, by the steamer Lookout, says he has orders from General Thomas to destroy all ferry-boats, &amp;c. The captain on boat reports rebels moving toward Kingston, and that General Steedman is after them. He received information that a small squad of rebels was seen at foot of mountain and has sent a scout, and he asks for re-enforcements.

H. C. CONNELLY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUDON, September 14, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Captain Gordon, SIXTEENTH Regiment U. S. Colored [Troops], with company [and] three pieces [of] artillery, just arrived here from Chattanooga.

