
He is ordered to destroy all ferry-boats and patrol river, then return to Chattanooga. Will leave soon. Have you anything you wish to send down? The enemy thought to be in Sequatchie Valley on Sunday, and that they would aim to effect a crossing of the Tennessee River at some point about Chattanooga. Major Reeves this morning reports all quiet. Scouts out in all directions will keep us posted.

M. L. PATTERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[SEPTEMBER 14, 1864. - For Washburn to Halleck, in relation to operations in Arkansas, &amp;c., see Vol. XLI.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Decatur, Ga., September 14, 1864.

Bvt. Major General S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky, Lexington:

I am not certain whether it will be advisable to make the expedition into Virginia. More important movements will probably require all the troops we can raise. I will be in East Tennessee and Kentucky in a few days, when we will discuss the matter.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 14, 1864.

General HOWARD,

East Point:

I was coming down to-day, but think I had better stay here and get up my report and papers and finish up before I begin a general tour of visits. I have several pieces of information that should be considered before you begin to consolidate corps. The draft will be made next Monday. General Grant has sent a special messenger to me with plans and papers, which I should receive before doing anything. You should hear from Colonel Howard as to whether he can get the fragments. We should know the finale of Wheeler and detachments, so as to form an approximate estimate of the force necessary to guard our rear. I think you had better be a little patient till these thinks are better settled, when we can do all for the best.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 14, 1864.

Major MORGAN:

SIR: In pursuance of General Washburn's orders, I proceeded with 575 men on the Hernando road as far as Hernando. I saw quite a number of the enemy's scouts. I also learned that Captain Forrest and Colonel McDonald were on my left flank on the Holly Ford road. At

