HEADQUARTERS TWENTIETH CORPS,Atlanta, Ga., September 15, 1864.

Colonel BENJAMIN HARRISON,

Commanding Brigade, Chattahoochee River:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your brigade, with the exception of one regiment, to this city to-morrow and rejoin your DIVISION, reporting your arrival to Brigadier- General Ward, commanding, for assignment to a camp. One regiment will be left at the bridge to protect the stores there.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 15, 1864.

Brigadier General W. D. WHIPPLE,

Atlanta:

It is certainly the best policy of the enemy, and I believe it their purpose, to assail your communications this side of the Tennessee. Wheeler and Roddey combined, without Williams, can come with 8,000 men. A. J. Smith's return to Memphis may induce Forrest to join Wheeler. From every indication I am satisfied that an early raid will be made, and I think the forces now in the district insufficient to prevent the destruction of the roads. There ought to be more cavalry and infantry than I have had control of. A large part of my cavalry is dismounted, and will remain so on account of its being used to garrison block-houses. The country is now full of bushwhackers and men belonging to Wheeler's command. They are receiving large accessions of recruits, induced to join by Governor Johnson's order to enroll the militia, which order is certainly proper in any event.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, September 15, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

The operator at Brownsborough telegraphs that the rebels, 1,000 strong, crossed the river and struck the railroad two miles east of that place at 5 a. m. to-day, and began work by cutting the wires. Have had no word of this from General Granger. Do you know anything of this force?

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

ROME, September 15, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

Clanton is moving on Rome by Cave Spring road. We are now skirmishing with his advance. A force is also reported moving to attack me by the Texas Valley road, north side of the Coosa.

WM. VANDEVER,

Brigadier-General.

