
CLINTON, TENN., September 15, 1864-7 a. m.

General J. AMMEN,

Commanding District of East Tennessee:

GENERAL: The rebels, after passing up Dutch Valley, six miles north of Clinton, made a movement to the right and crossed the river (Clinch at Moore's Ferry, two miles east of here. They have artillery, and are some 2,000 strong. They are now in Big Valley, and will no doubt attempt to cross the Holston at McKenny's Island, or on the road leading to New Market. They seem to be in a terrible hurry. Not one came to Clinton. Everything is now quiet, and we are of opinion all have passed. No straggling.

Truly,

L. C. HOUK.

ATHENS, September 15, 1864.

(Received 11 a. m. 16th.)

Brigadier General S. P. CARTER,

Provost-Marshal-General of East Tennessee:

We have a rumor that Dibrell and Williams, with 2,000 men, were crossing the Tennessee River at or near the mouth of White's Creek on yesterday. They were cut off from Wheeler's men near Murfreesborough. I have the above report from three different sources.

JOHN McGAUGHEY,

Deputy Provost-Marshal.

(Same to Major-General Steedman.)

LOUDON, September 15, 1864.

(Received 1. 45 p. m.)

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

By courier just in Major Reeves reports all quiet at Kingston. Two companies of First Ohio Heavy Artillery arrived all safe. Says no rebels this side of mountain. Rumors of rebels crossing Tennessee, fifteen miles below Kingston. He has scouts out, and will give us latest advices. It is reported that Dibrell, with 2,000, has been cut off from Wheeler, and was crossing the Tennessee at White's Creek on yesterday. This comes from Athens; supposed to be the same force reported by Reeves. The major is wide awake.

M. L. PATTERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., September 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General TILLSON,

Strawberry Plains:

Keep your whole force; we will take care of Knoxville. General Manson will command here during my absence. Courier just in from Colonel Melton reports that he followed the enemy to near Loy's Cross-Roads and captured 1 of them. This prisoner reports Wheeler behind, and is to join them above Tazewell - not probable; moving rapidly, with but little ammunition, and not disposed to fight. I think they will

