
I would add to the above report to Mr. Gunn that the laboring parties employed on the fortifications at Lexington and Mount Sterling have been detailed entirely from the troops occupying those posts.

Mr. Ernst Ruhl, assistant U. S. engineer, who was in charge of the defenses of Camp Burnside during the month of August, till he was ordered on the 9th to suspend operations on account of the information obtained from headquarters that that depot was about being broken up and the stores removed, reports August 20, in relation to total work from commencement done on said defenses as follows:

CAMP BURNSIDE.

North of the Cumberland river, at and about the places where Forts Putnam (H) and Bayard (I) were designed to be built the timber is cut to the extent of about fifteen acres, but no earth-works or any other kind of work done. South of Cumberland River timber is cut on all points where fort were intended.

At Fort Breckinridge (A) about --- acres; also for a road leading to it, 3,600 feet long and 50 feet wide, but no other work done.

At Fort Wallace (B) about six acres, and no other work done.

Fort Sayles (C) is finished; has two embrasures and two barbette batteries; the parapet measures 151 feet in length; the magazine is 27 feet long, 6 feet 3 inches wide, and 7 feet high.

Fort D is finished with the exception of part of terre-plein; it contains five embrasures and three barbette platforms; the parapet measures 300 feet in length; magazine 20 feet long, 7 feet high, and 7 feet wide.

Fort Reno (E) is about four-fifths finished; it contains two embrasures and two barbette platforms; the parapet measures 153 feet in length; the magazine is 14 feet long, 7 feet wide, and 7 feet high.

Of Fort F the revetment is put up and about one-THIRD of the parapet is done; it is intended for four embrasures and two barbette batteries; timber for magazine is framed but not built.

One continuous rifle-pit, 6,500 feet in length, extends from Fort Sayles (C) to the bluffs of Cumberland river near Fort F. In front of rifle-pit, between Forts D and F, the timber is cut for a distance of about one-half mile.

STOCKADES AT KELLER'S, KIMBROUGH'S, AND TOWNSEND'S BRIDGES, Kentucky CENTRAL RAILROAD.

Mr. A. B. Miller, assistant U. S. engineer, in charge of rebuilding the stockades defending three of the bridges on the Kentucky Central Railroad, burned by John Morgan in his raid in June last, reports:

We began work on the block-houses (Kentucky Central Railroad) at Keller's, Kimbrough's, and Townsend's Bridges on the 8th of August, but before I could begin had to go to Lexington to get tools and materials and orders for the men to work. The tools, &amp;c., came on in due time, but we had to wait for orders from Colonel Clark, Forty-seventh Kentucky, commanding at Paris, for the men to work, he having neglected to issue them, and after applying again to headquarters at Lexington we finally got them and began the work at the aforesaid time. Finding that we did not have men enough to work to advantage I applied to Captain J. Bates Dickson, assistant adjutant-general, at Lexington, and in a few days got word that the men would be furnished as soon as possible. They came and relieved the Forty-seventh Kentucky on Wednesday, the 31st ultimo, and since then have been getting along very well at one of the bridges (Townsend's), but at Keller's and Kimbrough's Bridges the men were allowed to remain only one day, when they (or part of them) were ordered away by the major in charge at Cynthiana. Colonel Clark, of the Forty-seventh Kentucky, having taken twenty of his (the major's) men to Paris, consequently we have been able to work only five or six men daily at Keller's, and none at all at Kimbrough's, as the men there were reported most of them sick with the measles. I applied again to the authorities and they promised more men soon, but as yet they have not come. However, we have been doing all that we could at Keller's and Kimbrough's with the help we could get. We have one of the block-houses up ready for the top timbers at Townsend's Bridge, and some of the timber cut for the other house there, and the men are now preparing the foundation. At Kimbrough's Bridge we have about one-half of the timber for one house cut, hauled, and hewed, and part of it framed, ready to raise. At Keller's Bridge we have about two-THIRDs of the timber for one house thus prepared.

