
was killed; Colonel Brownlow, First Tennessee, wounded through both things; Captain W. H. Evans, Eighth Iowa, arm, and Lieutenant J. A. Gray, Eighth Indiana, leg severely; Captain A. M. Green, Sixth Kentucky, slightly by spent ball. Official report not yet come in. Brigadier-General Croxton was in immediate command of the cavalry detachment.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 16, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I received a dispatch from Colonel Krzyzanowski this morning stating that Captain Morton, U. S. Navy, informed him this morning that Roddey left Guntersville yesterday, and was marching in direction of Lebanon.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Sparta, Tenn., September 16, 1864.

[Major SETH B. MOE:]

MAJOR: Agreeable to orders of Major-General Milroy, as soon as the detachments from the Fifth Tennessee and Second Kentucky, 230 strong, reached McMinnville, I marched for Sparta. I reached this place last night without hearing anything but vague reports of the enemy and without seeing any. This morning I marched northward on the Cookeville road, and about twelve miles from Sparta found several scouts from the command of Colonel Stokes at Carthage. From these I ascertained that the commands of Williams, Robertson, and Dibrell had taken the mountain road leading toward Montgomery, In Morgan County, and that they had on Sunday night encamped about twenty-five miles from Sparta, at the head of Dry Valley, and that on Monday they had crossed Sinking Cane, all moving in a compact mass, without leaving any stragglers. I infer from the movements that they are endeavoring to reach East Tennessee by way of Obey's River, near Clinton, from which point they can select some one of the various fords between Strawberry Plains and mountain by which the Holston can be crossed. Finding that the enemy were pushing on without halting, and having so long a start of me, I returned to this place. To-morrow I will detach Major Armstrong, with the Fifth Tennessee and Second Kentucky Cavalry, to return through McMinnville to Tullahoma. I sent Major Waters to the WEST and south of Cookeville to scout upon the various roads leading toward Sligo fording, on the Caney Fork, and Smithville, hoping he may be able to pick up some stragglers on those unfrequented roads. He will in a few days report to Tullahoma. I will, with the Ninth, remain at Sparta till day after to-morrow morning, when I will march to Pikeville and Dunlap, in Sequatchie Valley, from whence I will report to Major-General Steedman, at Chattanooga. I will reach Dunlap on the evening of the 19th, unless I find when at Pikeville that my presence may be necessary at Grassy Cove or the vicinity of Kingston.

Respectfully reported.

THOS. J. JORDAN,

Colonel Ninth Pennsylvania Vol. Cav., Commanding U. S. Forces.

