
PULASKI, September 16, 1864.

Major POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I move in the morning against the enemy at Boonshill. Dispatches sent to my headquarters will reach me.

J. C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, September 16, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following is just received:

DECATUR, September 16, 1864.

Scout in from Courtland says Roddey's command gone toward Guntersville, leaving Pickett's regiment near Courtland. Wheeler is reported as moving down the river on the north side, going to WEST Tennessee.

S. M. KNEELAND,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The Twelfth Indiana Cavalry moved yesterday, and were at Stevenson at 1 p. m.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,East Point, Ga., September 16, 1864.

Brigadier General John A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Considerable confusion and embarrassment have arisen in this army and department from the conflict of orders resulting from General Canby assuming the entire command of troops belonging here. I am informed that a portion of General Blair's corps is ordered to the Department of the Gulf, and attached permanently to the Nineteenth Corps; that fragments of several regiments, represented here by detachments, have been also transferred to the Department of Arkansas, and ordered to report to General Steele; that General Mower's DIVISION had recently been sent up White River; that General A. J. Smith's DIVISION has been ordered somewhere into Missouri; that General Canby has given his own commander to the District of Vicksburg. From every little stampeding report General Washburn, commanding District of WEST Tennessee, is ordered to send troops across the river to different points. In all these cases the department commander is not consulted nor even informed. I have no personal end to subserve, but it is unfair to this gallant army to dissipate it and absorb it little by little in positions where it can do little good. I know, too, that General Grant and General Sherman coincide with me in the policy of concentrating force rather than scattering it. If my command is too large I beg that organizations may be removed rather than fragments of regiments, brigades, and DIVISIONS, as is now the case. It is desired to make this column for the field from 25,000 to 30,000 strong, but not having any control of the troops on the Mississippi, I cannot effect this. If permitted, with the approval of Major-General Sherman, I can reorganize the department so as tog et a field force of 30,000, and at

