
the same time have the posts now occupied by the troops on the MISSISSIPPI garrisoned with sufficient force. I can also have a movable force properly organized to spare in case of emergency. I do not object to assisting Major-General Canby, nor that the necessary military control of the MISSISSIPPI be in his hands, but would like to preserve this army from complete absorption, and be able, while held responsible, to make proper returns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

LEXINGTON, September 16, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

My troops are placed and in complete readiness to move. General Gillem expects me to be at Pound Gap on the 23d, and is in readiness to co-operate. General halleck approves and sanctions the movement if made at once, while Sheridan detains Breckinridge in the valley. I am convinced I can inflict a severe blow on the rebels by moving immediately. Please answer.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Major-General.

LOUDON, September 16, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Dispatch just received from Major Reeves, commanding Kingston. Wheeler's rebels were passing up through Morgan County yesterday, making their way up the country; soldier was wounded by them; says 2,000 or 3,000 strong. They should be intercepted if possible.

M. L. PATTERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

MAYNARDVILLE, September 16, 1864-10 a. m.

General AMMEN:

SIR: From the best information that I can get of the enemy, they crossed last evening at Pinacle Ford. They are moving up Big Valley between Clinch and Powell. I will endeavor to find out whether they go by Evans' Bridge or Walker's Ford. I have just received information the enemy breaking up in small detachments; also that the enemy at Loy's Cross-Roads are moving neither way.

Yours, respectfully,

J. L. WILD,

Second Lieutenant Company F, Tenth Michigan Cavalry.

KNOXVILLE, September 16, 1864.

General TILLSON, Strawberry Plains:

The courier from Maynardville brings report from Lieutenant Wild at 10 o'clock this morning that enemy crossed last evening at Pinacle Ford; are moving up Big Valley between Clinch and Powell, and are breaking up in small squads; also that the enemy at Loy's Cross- Roads are moving

