
neither way. The line from here to Cumberland Gap is repaired, and Dillard reports that Williams' brigade and two other brigades were at Big Springs. This morning a small party dashed into Tazewell, but did no damage of any consequence. They are evidently going the Mulberry Gap road. The two reports show they are on the move. No news from Melton yet to-day. Colonel Palmer, Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, was at Athens this morning and stated he had orders to intercept Dibrell or Williams, and is going to Madisonville. Please let me know what you are doing.

W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General TILLSON, Strawberry Plains:

Colonel Palmer telegraphs to General Ammen from Athens, inquiring the whereabouts of the enemy and asking if the Fifth Tennessee and the Ninth Pennsylvania Regiments have been heard from. I judge from this that these two regiments are in pursuit of the enemy. General Manson assumed command this morning. Nothing from Colonel Melton since last dispatch. General Manson wishes you to send any information you may get of the enemy. Will it be safe to send a train to Bull's Gap to-morrow? We shall send courier to meet Colonel Palmer at Maryville to-morrow.

W. W. DEANE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BLAIN'S CROSS-ROADS, September 16, 1864.

Captain W. W. DEANE, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just returned here; met courier with dispatch. I struck the Clinch and Walker's Ford at 12 m. to-day. The enemy all passed up beyond Tazewell last night and early this morning; they crossed the Clinch at Pinacle Ford the morning I left Knoxville. The enemy have been more than twenty-four hours ahead of us all the time. They are making for Bean's Station or Mulberry Gap. I have sent a dispatch to Strawberry Plains to be sent to General Gillem, containing the above information. I have not heard of the whereabouts of the Fifth Tennessee or the Ninth Pennsylvania Regiments. My command will reach Strawberry Plains to-morrow at 12 m. It will be safe, I think, to send a train to Bull's Gap. Send a train up in the morning to take down my command.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 23rd ARMY CORPS,Knoxville, Tenn., September 16, 1864.

Lieutenant TITUS, Acting Assistant Quartermaster:

The general directs that a train be at Strawberry Plains to-morrow at 12 m. to bring his command to this place. General Tillson also says that it will be perfectly safe to send a train to Bull's Gap to-morrow.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. DEANE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

