
MEMPHIS, TENN., September 16, 1864.

(Received 11 p. m. 17th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

On the 10th instant Forrest, with all his effective mounted force, was at Okolona, and about moving on a raid somewhere - I think to Middle Tennessee. He has taken great pains to mask his movements. Nearly half of my effective cavalry is in Arkansas after Price and Shelby, and I have no force here now with which I can hold Forrest where he is. General A. J. Smith's command and 100-days' men all gone, leaving me powerless to move aggressively any great distance.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, September 16, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

On the 6th instant Forrest was at Mobile, having taken some dismounted men there. On the 10th he was at Okolona, and all his effective mounted force were with him and were about moving on a raid somewhere - I think to Middle Tennessee. Look out for your weak points. Nearly half of my cavalry are in Arkansas after Price, and I cannot hold Forrest where he is with the small force now at my command. Smith, Mower, and 100-days' men gone.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

[SEPTEMBER 16, 1864. - For Washburn to Canby, in relation to movements of Shelby and Forrest, see Vol. XLI.]

WHITE'S STATION, September 16, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN:

Information has reached me from a scout who has been in the neighborhood of Grenada. On the 7th there were 5,000 infantry that are supposed to have crossed the Mississippi. Forrest is making a movement, believed to be on Sherman's rear. Forrest is promoted to lieutenant-general.

E. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., September 17, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I feel great interest in the subjects of your dispatch mentioning corn and sorghum and contemplated visit to you.

A. LINCOLN.

ATLANTA, GA., September 17, 1864.

(Received 12. 20 a. m. 18th.)

A. LINCOLN, President of the United States:

I will keep the Department fully advised of all developments as connected with the subject in which you fell so interested. A Mr. Wright,

