
former member of Congress, from Rome, Ga., and a Mr. King, of Marietta, are now going between Governor Brown and myself. I have said that some of the people of Georgia are now engaged in rebellion, begun in error and perpetuated in pride, but that Georgia can now save herself from the devastation of war preparing for her only by withdrawing her quota out of the Confederate army and aiding me to repel Hood from the borders of the State, in which event, instead of desolating the land as we progress, I will keep our men to the high roads and commons and pay for the corn and meat we need and take. I am fully conscious of the delicate nature of such assertions, but it would be a magnificent stroke of policy I could, without surrendering a foot of ground or of principle, arouse the latent enmity to Jeff. Davis of Georgia. The people do not hesitate to say that Mr. Stephens was, and is, a Union man at heart, and they fell that Jeff. Davis will not trust him, or let him have a share in his government.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ATLANTA, GA., September 17, 1864-8 a. m.

(Received 1. 50 a. m. 18th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

My report is done and copied. Many of the subordinate reports are also ready, and I could send them forward to-day, but as I expect a special messenger from General Grant every hour, who will return, I will await his arrival, and avail myself of his return to send on the reports. All well. Troops in fine health, but are unusually anxious about paymasters and the draft. Mr. Stanton tells me the draft will be made on Monday next. If Mr. Lincoln modifies it to the extent of one man, or wavers in its execution, he is gone. Even the army would vote against him. Atlanta is pretty well cleared out of the families, so that source of trouble is disposed of. Now, I will build some strong interior redoubts, and then, I suppose, for Augusta?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEBSTER, Nashville, Tenn.:

General Sherman has arranged to exchange 2,000 prisoners, and has given orders to hold those en route and at Chattanooga, to be returned, if needed, but cannot get his orders obeyed, and he now directs that you stop and hold at Nashville all prisoners going north until further orders from him. He don't want any modifications of this order, but to be held to strictly until you get orders from him direct.

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

ROME, September 17, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The enemy has been quite bold for the past two days. Day before yesterday Clanton moved up near my pickets south of the Etowah.

