
TULLAHOMA, September 17, 1864.

(Received Decherd 18th.)

[Lieutenant-Colonel JACKSON:]

Was hays going east or WEST then he crossed the railroad? Did any of the citizens along the route he came give you information of his approach? If not, send over and arrest those along the route of his approach to the railroad, and burn a house or two of the most prominent secessionists along the route nearest the break in the railroad.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

PULASKI, TENN., September 17, 1864.

Major POLK, Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

Enemy reported some 400 strong at and near Brownsville. Moved this morning to see what it amounts to. Any dispatches for me will reach me through my headquarters.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, September 17, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch, September 16, 7. 50 p. m., says the enemy at Loy's Cross-Roads are moving neither way. Does this mean that there is a force still there? Our information, later dates than of yours, indicated that they were all on north side of Clinch, and that their rear passed Walker's Ford, on north side of river, going up Bear Creek road toward Big Springs at 3 a. m. 16th. If there is still any force south of Clinch we are unable to hear of it. Please let me hear from you immediately, so that I can communicate with the general, who is at Blain's Cross-Roads.

N. A. REED,

Aide-de-Camp.

BULL'S GAP, September 17, 1864.

Major-General BURBRIDGE:

I am ready to move. The enemy are much demoralized. I hope there will be no delay. The salt-works are at the mercy of the move we propose. Their destruction would be a ruinous blow to the Confederacy. By what road will you move from the gap? The destruction of the salt-works and Virginia railroad relieves East Tennessee and East Kentucky from rebel raids.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, September 17, 1864.

Brigadier General A. C. GILLEM, Bull's Gap, Tenn.:

I am to meet General Schofield to-morrow at Louisville. This may delay my movement eastward one or two days. I will telegraph you from Louisville.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

