
River and ride roughshod over Middle Tennessee and Kentucky, robbing and stealing and breaking up railroads. This he can do if he is allowed to cross the Tennessee River, as we have no cavalry force in Middle Tennessee or Kentucky that can cope with him. He ought to be attacked where he is at once and not allowed to carry out his plans, for, if not interfered with, he will do us incalculable damage.

My force here is only equal to the defense of this place, and to move to attack him 100 miles from here would require every man here, and even then I should not be as strong as he. Should I move from here there would be nothing to prevent him, with his large mounted force, from coming down upon Memphis. I am absolutely powerless to assail him without more forces. If I had 5,000 or 6,000 more men I could, with the force I have here, organize a moving force of 10,000 men, with which I would move against him at once. Where can these troops be had? If A. J. Smith's and Mower's troops could be had here for ten days I believe I could thoroughly break up Forrest's plans. Without some help I will not be responsible for any disaster that may arise from his being allowed to roam at large. General Price has only 1,400 at Columbus and 800 at Paducah. None of the militia that were promised for this place and Columbus have been heard of.

I inclose copy of dispatch* just received from General McPherson.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

WHITE'S STATION, May 20, 1864.

Colonel G. E. WARING, Jr.,

(Care General Grierson, Memphis):

General Forrest was at Corinth four days ago, and is still there. I will go as near him as I can.

P. J. YORKE,

Major.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,May 21, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of WEST Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of May 18, 1864, the commanding general directs me to say that the services of the troops will not be required in this vicinity.

By order.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT J. MYER,

Colonel, &amp;c., U. S. Army.

CUMBERLAND GAP, May 21, 1864.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reports are current here to-day that Jon Morgan is at Stickleyville with a large force, and intends to take the gap; force estimated at 10,000, but I do not think he has that number.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*See May 16, p. 33.

---------------

