
me and my God and you decide that my earnest prayer to the Almighty Father to save our women and children from what you call kindness is a "sacrilegious, hypocritical appeal. " You came into our country with your army avowedly for the purpose of subjugating free white men, women, and children, and not only intend to rule over them, but you make negroes your allies and desire to place over us an inferior race, which we have raised from barbarism to its present position, which is the highest ever attained by that race in any country in all time. I must,ur statements in reference to your kindness toward the people of Atlanta, and your willingness to sacrifice everything for the pace and honor of the South, and refuse to be governed by your decision in regard to matters between myself, my country, and my God. You say " let us fight it out like men. " To this my reply is, for myself and, I believe, for all the true men, ay, and women and children, in my country, we will fight you to the death. Better die a thousand deaths submit to live under you or your Government and your negro allies.

Having answered the points forced upon me by your letter of the 9th [10th] of September, I close this correspondence with you, and notwithstanding your comments upon my appeal to God in the cause of humanity, I again humbly and reverently invoke His Almighty aid in defense of justice and right.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOOD,

General.

[Inclosure Numbers 7.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 14, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD, C. S. Army,

Commanding Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: Yours of September 12 is received and has been carefully perused. I agree with you that this discussion by two soldiers is out of place and profitless, but you must admit that you began the controversy by characterizing an official act of mine in unfair and improper terms. I reiterate my former answer, ant to the only new matter contained in your rejoinder I add, we have no " negro allies" in this army; not a single negro soldier left Chattanooga with this army or is with it now. There are a few guarding Chattanooga, which General Steedman sent to drive Wheeler our of Dalton. I was not bound by the laws of war to give notice of the shelling of Atlanta, a "fortified town" with magazines, arsenals, foundries, and public stores. You were bound to take notice. See the books. This is the conclusion of our correspondence, which I did not begin, and terminate with satisfaction.

I am, with respect, your ob

W. T. SHERMAN,

-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 20, 1864.

Major-Genera SHERMAN,

Atlanta:

General Washburn telegraphs that on the 10th Forrest was at Okolona with all his force for a movement, he thinks, into Middle Ten-

