
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 20, 1864-1. 20 p. m.

Colonel WILLIAMS S. PIERSON,

(Or the officer commanding at Johnson's Island, Sandusky Bay, Ohio):

This Department has just been informed that rebels from Canada have captured two steamers at Bass Island. The effort will probably be made to release the prisoners under your charge. You will use every exertion to guard against any surprise and to prevent the rescue. Acknowledge the receipt of this telegram, and give any information you have on the subject; also report your state of defense and what precaution you are taking.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

JOHNSON'S ISLAND, September 20, 1864.

(Via Sandusky. Received 1. 50 a. m. 21st.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your telegram of to-day to Colonel Pierson, relating to rebel raid from Canada, is received. The rebels abandoned and set the Island Queen adrift this morning at 3 o'clock, then with the other, the Parsons, steered for Decatur River. Lieutenant-Colonel Hill telegraphs that they abandoned her, and went ashore in Canada, near Sandwich, on Detroit River. The Michigan went out at daylight this morning, and cruised along the islands and to the mouth of the Detroit River. Returned here about 3 this afternoon. I approved of her departure. I have one 30 and six 20 pounder Parrotts and three 12-pounder howitzers on the island, and a six-guns light battery, New York, at Sandusky, and by calling in my fatigue parties, extra duty men, and recruits, could have a force of near 900 available men on the island, as infantry and heavy artillery. Nearly all my available men for guard duty ordinarily go on guard every other day. Granting the petition of my officers to the adjutant-general, dated 5th of August, would place us just right and be force enough. We are always ready for the rebels, inside and out. Yesterday afternoon I united with captain of the Michigan in arrest of Cole, and to-day Robinson, certainly conspirators in this raid last night. Six citizens of Sandusky to some extent implicated by Colonel This morning I reported these arrests to district attorney and marshal at Cleveland. I think this raid is over.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

SANDUSKY, September 20, 1864.

Captain C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Michigan has been to Detroit River and returned. The Island Queen was plundered and set adrift about 3 o'clock this morning. The rebels, with the Parsons, turned up the lake from the islands, ran into Detroit River, and there disabled and abandoned her. I think the raid is over, but we shall be ready for anything.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

