
line of works cross the railroad at right angles through William McLaren's garden, near the old stage stand. All last night was at work running his line of works toward the Chattahoochee below Campbellton. A citizen scout by name of Cook is expected in by noon; he may have additional information. He lives at Enon Church, and reported to me last evening that a large force of cavalry had gone into camp near his place, and that infantry encamped at Steven's Cross-Roads. Colonel Murray returned from a reconnaissance in direction of Fairburn. He drove in the enemy's pickets and was stopped near Sideling by a considerable force of the enemy behind barricades. Colonel Sanderson reached Stevenson's Cross -Road and Campbellton; he confirms the report of last evening, and that the enemy moved back in direction of Fairburn and Palmetto before daylight. There may be no truth in the report about the two corps of infantry, yet all my scouts bring the same reports.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding DIVISION.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp Crooks, Ga., September 21, 1864.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: A scouting party has just returned from below Campbellton, on the opposite side. The enemy is not crossing. No enemy on that side. I am pushing a reconnaissance toward Fairburn and Campbellton to see what has become of his cavalry that threatened my right last evening.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,East Point, Ga., September 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General KILPATRICK,

Commanding Cavalry DIVISION:

I am directed by Major-General Howard to communicate with you and ascertain what you mean when you say you want "our infantry to swing up, so as to give you a brigade of cavalry. " My command will be under arms at daylight in the morning, and ready to assist you with a brigade. Please answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. E. G. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General.

ROME, September 21, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

My scouts report Pillow at White Plains with several thousand conscripts, old men and boys. Wheeler recrossed the Coosa below Gads-

