
den, in a dilapidated condition, on his way to Hood. A part of his force was expected to pass Wedowee last evening. Clanton has gone back to Blue Mountain.

WM. VANDEVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PULASKI, TENN., September 21, 1864.

Lieutenant KNEELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Decatur:

Roddey crossed to this side of the river on Sunday with four regiments at Bainbridge Ferry, and moved thence in the direction of Florence. My two regiments not yet back; expect them in to-day. Information as to crossing of enemy is from one of my own men, who was captured and made his escape. Citizens report that Tennessee troops had a fight yesterday below Lawrenceburg. Have scouts out. No enemy above us that I can hear of.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, September 21, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Spalding sends following information: That Roddey, with three regiments, is encamped at the upper mills, on Shoal Creek. Roddey has pressed the mills and is pressing all the grain in that vicinity. Colonel Spalding will proceed immediately with Tenth, Twelfth, and THIRD Tennessee Cavalry to drive him out of the country.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

LEXINGTON, September 21, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Galt House, Louisville, Ky.:

General Gillem telegraphs to-day from Bull's Gap that he has reliable information that General Vaughn intends attacking him within three days; that he has withdrawn six guns and all soldiers but the artillerists and a few militia from the salt-works. My command left Mount Sterling yesterday morning.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

(Repeated from Louisville to General Schofield, at Cincinnati.)

BULL'S GAP, TENN., September 21, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE:

From reliable information I am convinced that General Vaughn, now commanding the rebels in East Tennessee, intends moving to attacks me within the next three days. He has withdrawn at least six guns from the salt-works, and all the soldiers but the artillerists and a few militia-thirty seven soldiers-at Abingdon. I think you will find all the enemy below you.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.

