
LEXINGTON, September 21, 1864.

Brigadier General A. C. GILLEM,

Bull's Gap, Tenn.:

Your telegram of to-day received. My command left Mount Sterling yesterday morning.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

BULL'S GAP, September 21, 1864.

General AMMEN:

From rebel information I am convinced that General Vaughn intends moving against me within the next thee days; they are enabled to do this in consequence of the arrival of Williams and Dibrell. Urge Palmer to come on; don't wait for him to drive his rebels into my camp and leave them.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, September 21, 1864- 2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

A veteran regiment * was sent from here yesterday to Johnson's Island, as additional guard for prisoners of war against rebel raids from Canada. There are several new regiments here, detained by your direction, to await the movements of General Sheridan. I think they would not be of much use to him in the pursuit of the enemy. Shall I retain them here for the present or send them to City Point.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

SANDUSKY, OHIO, September 21, 1864.

Captain C. P. HORTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

Paine, attorney, Bill, marshal, and White, commissioner, all U. S. officers, were from Cleveland to-day. The attorney and marshal, with captain of the Michigan and myself, spent nearly the whole day in carefully examining the facts as to the men whom I reported yesterday as arrested. We all agreed that as to Brown, Stanley, Williams, and Stran there was no cause, and that they ought to be immediately discharged. Captain C. H. Potter was here and concurred. I discharged them. The evidence is pretty strong against Merrick, Rosenthal, Cole, and Robinson, and a warrant is out for them, returnable at Cleveland. Cole and Robinson were arrested and are held by captain of Michigan; other two by provost-marshal, aided by me, and are in my hands. I think they better all be turned over to [me]; Captain Potter concurs.

I await orders. Immediate action important.

CHAS. W. HILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

* Sixth U. S. Veteran Reserve Corps.

---------------

