
WHITE'S STATION, September 21, 1864.

(Received 7 a. m.)

General WASHBURN:

Scout in from Middleton; captured a few prisoners. Bell's brigade has not crossed at Middleton. Forrest reported having crossed Tennessee River at Hamburg. Trains running to Corinth. At La Grange a telegram, said to have been received at Holly Springs, shows Mobile taken. This command came down north side of Wolf River; were bushwhacked until within six miles of camp.

E. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy, same date, sent to General Grierson.)

[SEPTEMBER 21, 1864. -For Washburn to Canby, in relation to operations in North Mississippi, WEST Tennessee, and Eastern Arkansas, see Vol. XLI.]

CITY POINT, VA., September 22, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 10. 30 a. m. 23d.)

Major General W. T. SHERMAN, Atlanta, Ga.:

Do you not require a good cavalry leader? It has seemed to me that you have during your campaign suffered for want of an officer in command of cavalry whose judgment and dash could both be relied on. I could send you General Ayres, who, I believe, would make a capital commanders, and know him to be one of our best officers in other capacities.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Atlanta, Ga., September 22, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Yours of September 14 is received, and you may assure General Tower that he can do good service to the Government and himself in my command. I can safely give him absolute control over all unfinished works in my command, and will be glad to do so. I have also opposed costly works at this time, and prefer only such redoubts as troops can and should make at no additional cost to the Government. Why can't our black troops do all the works necessary at Nashville and elsewhere?

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, September 21, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON, Aide-de-Camp:

There are several regiments of Tennessee cavalry claiming to be independent of General Sherman or any one else save Andy Johnson. These regiments violate safeguards, rob, and murder in open daylight,

