
and refuse to report the facts to any one except the Governor. I have and refused to issue arms and equipments to them on the ground that I cannot issue to any troops outside of the military DIVISION. The withholding of these supplies may have some effect upon their conduct.

Have I done right?

R. W. JOHNSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pulaski, September 22, 1864.

Lieutenant KNEELAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Decatur:

Scouts just in from Sulphur Branch, trestle, and report several squads rebel cavalry passing near there, making for Elk River fords. Twenty mounted men, under Captain Randall, met sixty, who had partially surrounded him. He charged and cut his way through, losing 3 men missing-very good for colored troops. This was six miles WEST of the trestle, near Athens and Brick Island road. Company crossed railroad half mile south of the trestle, going west. A citizen who was taken by them escaped; reports them as Wheeler's men.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, September 22, 1864.

Major HOFFMAN:

Colonel Donaldson has wood-choppers to cut the timber opposite Johnsonville, and directions have been given to have the country scouted to look up Forrest. A party of the enemy struck the railroad near Atlanta at about 5 p. m. yesterday, since when the wires have been down. General Granger telegraphs, via Stevenson, that another party appeared about six miles north of Decatur. General Starkweather telegraphs this morning that a courier just in from Captain Slatery, THIRD Tennessee Cavalry, with report that a rebel force, 3,000 strong, passed through Rogersville at 10 a. m. yesterday, in direction of the railroad. Scouts were out WEST of railroad.

LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

BULL'S GAP, September 22, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Colonel Palmer, with his regiment, [is here]. With his aid I can whip Dibrell's and Williams' brigades combined with rebels in upper East Tennessee. If it can be done, let me have Palmer for ten days, and I think the salt-works will be destroyed and rebels expelled from East Tennessee. Dibrell and Williams are now in my front. Rebels, under General Vaughn, attacked to-day and were repulsed.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.

