
CUMBERLAND GAP, May 23, 1864-8 p. m.

Captain W. P. AMMEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Div., Twenty-THIRD Army Corps:

A scout driven in to-night from Virginia reports a considerable force of the enemy, partly dressed in Federal uniform, at Ball's Bridge. I am just starting a scouting party, mounted on mules, to ascertain in what force they are.

W. Y. DILLARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

LEXINGTON, KY., May 23, 1864.

Governor O. P. MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

Dispatches from Generals Halleck and Crook give the most positive assurances that John Morgan, with a force of about 4,000 mounted men, is now entering Kentucky, by the way of Pound Gap, with the intention of marching by way of Richmond, Lexington, and Bardstown, and destroying the bridges on the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, where he can, then joining Johnston by force marches through Tennessee. I start to-day with all my available force to meet him. The railroad and Louisville are nearly defenseless. Cannot you send, or have on the border ready to move at any moment, to Louisville and on the road four regiments? Lieutenant-Colonel Fairleigh, who is in command at Louisville, will afford any information and assistance possible. Please answer to him and me.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,May 23, 1864. (Received 12. 30 p. m. 25th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Forrest and Lee, with large force, are at Corinth and Tupelo. They have been organizing and recuperating at and near Tupelo for twenty days, and horses and men are in splendid condition. They have from 10,000 to 12,000 men, and have some big enterprise on hand. I have no force here to enable me to go out and attack them and break up their plans. My force at Memphis is hardly adequate to purposes of defense. I fear they will do great havoc if they are allowed to cross the Tennessee. I have requested Captain Pennock to patrol the Tennessee with gun-boats, for I believe Middle Tennessee and Kentucky their destination. With 5,000 troops, in addition to what I have, I could organize a movable force and go out and disperse them.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General, Commanding.

