
Sandtown and Fairburn road. They were driven back. This morning at an early hour a more vigorous attack was made at the same point, but was equally unsuccessful. The inclosed note was received a few moments since by an orderly Sandtown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

L. G. ESTERS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

ON ROAD NEAR SANDTOWN BRIDGE,

September 22, 1864.

[General KILPATRICK:]

GENERAL: I left camp near Roswell yesterday morning with a detachment of the First Cavalry Brigade, Second DIVISION, with orders to make a reconnaissance on this side of the river as far as Franklin if possible. I have 150 enlisted men and 5 officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. GREENO,

Captain, Commanding Detachment First Cavalry Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD CAV., DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp Crooks, Ga., September 23, 1864.

Captain J. E. JACOBS,

Asst. Adjt. General to Chief of Cav., Dept. of the Cumberland:

CAPTAIN: One of General Howard's scouts, William Lyne, reported at dark last evening. They were opposite Campbellton, on the other side of the river. He saw troops in and around Campbellton, heard considerable hammering, and much noise above and below the town. In the afternoon the saw a small company drilling above and to the left of the town. This confirms the report of my scouts sent you last evening. He also heard reports of two or three brigades of cavalry having crossed the river some distance below. I have small scouting parties and individual scouts in direction of Powder Springs, Carrollton, Van Wert, &amp;c.

Very respectfully,

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Owl Rock Church, Ga., September 23, 1864.

Captain L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: At an early hour this morning I sent out two scouting parties; one of an officer and twenty-five men, who had instructions to go to Burnt Hickory, if possible, and then toward Van Wert, has just returned (3 p. m.), and reports that they met a force, estimated by the officer at 150, at Sweet Water bridge, near the old camp of this brigade at Sweet Water, which prevented the scout from crossing the creek. When first discovered, the advance, consisting of about FIFTY men, were seemingly endeavoring to construct a crossing where the bridge had been previously destroyed. The officers in charge of the scout did not

