
dare, with the force mentioned in his rear, proceed on the WEST side of Sweet Water toward Burnt Hickory, and therefore returned. I have another scouting party out nearer to the river, which will undoubtedly strike the flank of the same party of the enemy, and gain more information as to its destination. The officer in charge of the first-named detachment learned from citizens that at Powder Springs the enemy have an encampment of about 250 men, who style themselves scouts. Shall I endeavor to send a force to Burnt Hickory? It will require (I submit with due deference) 150 or 200 men to get that far with any safety.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS W. SANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, THIRD DIVISION.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD CAV. DIV., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Camp Crooks, Ga., September 23, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the chief of cavalry. I cannot detach with safety to my command a sufficient force to send across the Sweet Water. The enemy in my front is strong and bold.

J. KILPATRICK,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION,Camp Crooks, Ga., September 23, 1864.

Captain L. G. ESTES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The scout I mentioned in my communication of this afternoon as having been sent out down the Chattahoochee on the northwest side has returned, and reports that about one hour after the first party had left Sweet Water bridge they arrived there, and learned that the rebel cavalry had gone back in great haste and confusion. They also learned that there was about 150 of them, and that finding a force on the northwest side of the creek they abandoned the idea of crossing, supposing (as citizens say) that the force, I sent was large. The scouts just returned found a detachment of 200 men, under a captain of the Second Cavalry DIVISION, at Alexander's Ford. The captain in command refused to say where he was going. Citizens all say that Ross' rebel brigade is encamped at Powder Springs.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

THOMAS W. SANDERSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Atlanta, Ga., September 23, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

The detachments of Second Cavalry DIVISION is probably the command sent on reconnaissance down right bank of Chattahoochee to Franklin.

This communication refers to one from Colonel Sanderson, herewith inclosed,* submitted to the major-general commanding this evening.

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Cavalry.

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

