
SANDUSKY, OHIO, September 23, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I take upon myself to express an opinion that the safety of our commerce on the lakes and the security of the cities along the lake shores makes it of the highest importance, if not and indispensable necessity, that the Government should have several armed vessels, fully manned, to prevent the rebels who find security in Canada from seizing steamer engaged in commerce and converting them into war vessels, with a few of which they may, if not prevented, do us incalculable mischief. Ex-Secretary Thompson is employed in Canada in setting on foot expeditions of the most dangerous character. The recent seizure of two steamers in this vicinity has indeed terminated disastrously for the projectors of the horrible scheme, but the demonstration actually made is a sufficient warning to induce our Government to take immediate measures to guard against a repetition of it. It will be but an act of self-defense, and from the disclosures made by Cole, now in arrest at Johnson's Island, earnestly recommend that no time be lost in putting afloat armed vessels upon Lake Ontario, and speedily upon the upper lakes also. We are engaged in war, rendering this step justifiable under the treaty of 1815, but it is my duty to speak only the justifying necessity of the case.

E. A. HITCHCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteer.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 23, 1864-2. 30 p. m.

Major-General HITCHCOCK,

Johnson's Island, via Sandusky:

Please make thorough inspection as to defense, the condition of the force, the vigilance and qualification of commanders, and whatever pertains to security, efficiency, and the good of the same.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 48. East Point, Ga., September 23, 1864.

The troops formerly of the Second DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, Brigadier-General Corse commanding, having reported, in accordance with paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 214, dated headquarters Department and Army of the Tennessee, East Point, Ga., September 22, 1864, are hereby designated and will constitute the Fourth DIVISION, Fifteenth Army Corps.

By command of Major General P. J. Osterhaus:

FREDK. WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 49. East Point, Ga., September 23, 1864.

Brigadier General C. R. Woods, having reported in accordance with paragraph IV, Special Orders, Numbers 214, dated headquarters Department

