HEADQUARTERS OF DISTRICT,Columbus, Ky., May 23, 1864. (Received 25th.)

Major MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I arrived here at 8 o'clock this evening. The only item of interest I find is the following telegram from Colonel Hicks:

PADUCAH, May 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General PRINCE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I sent out 200 men to-day on train. They were fired on by guerrillas; 1 man killed. They killed 1 rebel; badly wounded our engineer. Guerrillas burned bridge and tank. Troops returned this evening all safe.

S. G. HICKS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

This is very meager. Of course, it was out on the railroad to Mayfield. Rumor says the engineer is mortally wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

WHITE'S STATION, May 23, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN:

A negro from Okolona has just come in. He came via La Grange. On Tuesday morning he saw 200 or Forrest's men, who had burned a bridge on the railroad this side of Grissom's Bridge. This may have been the party which met the Fourth Missouri Saturday afternoon. This man has been a servant in Ferguson's command. Some soldiers whom he knew told him a week ago that the garrison of Memphis had been reduced, by sending troops down the river, to 7,000, and that Forrest was going to attack it as soon as his horses were fed up.

G. E. WARING, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Huntsville, Ala., May 23, 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH B. McCOWN,

Commanding Sixty-THIRD Illinois Infantry:

COLONEL: You will proceed, with your command, to Triana, Ala., to-morrow morning. On your arrival at that place you will immediately place the works in as good state for defense as possible, picketing your front well, and sending out mounted patrols to connect with Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Jackson, commanding at Whitesburg, and below with the forces under General Matthies at Decatur. This patrol will have to be furnished by taking horses and mules from your train. Forward to these headquarters, as soon as received, all information regarding the movements of the enemy. It will be necessary to keep a good watch over the inhabitants. Many in that section of country are disloyal, and assist in every possible way our enemies.

By order of Brigadier General John E. Smith:

C. L. WHITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

