
burn co-operate with me and assist in driving the enemy from Tennessee, as they are conscripting, collecting up deserters, and threatening Kentucky, and that if the general aid in doing so I desire to be informed of the fact. Should I be able to collect the force that I anticipate I will move upon the enemy from this point. Please inform me immediately whether you can render such aid.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Atlanta, Ga., September 23, 1864.

Brigadier General A. C. GILLEM,

Bull's Gap, Tenn.:

The commanding general has ordered Colonel Palmer to report to you. You can have him for ten days.

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 24, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta:

A considerable force of the enemy is again this side of the river. They attacked Pulaski yesterday; result not known, as communication is cut off. General Granger says it is certainly a large force and thinks is commanded by Forrest in person. Have ordered 2,500 infantry from Chattanooga to re-enforce Granger. Some estimate the number at 8,000.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tenn., September 24, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Atlanta:

GENERAL: I understand the purpose of your Special Field Orders, Numbers 74, to be to supply wants occasioned by your previous one preventing sutlers going south of Chattanooga. But General Thomas, in his order defining trade limits, &amp;c., in his department, recognizes purveyors for certain headquarters and specifies the amount they may take there. General Howard also in his Special Orders, Numbers 210, appointing a storekeeper at East Point, says sutlers of regiments can supply themselves from the store accordingly. These orders of the department commanders seem to contemplate the presence of purveyors and sutlers at the front. I deny at present passes for such persons as it appears to me that the order of the department commanders conflict with your own, and shall continue to do so unless otherwise ordered. They will then perhaps get passes from the department commanders, which will be recognized under orders, Numbers 6, and will get to the front, and the stores will, according to General Howard's idea, be only wholesale

