
sutler's stores. Some little explanation seems necessary as I do not see how your orders and those of department commanders can well exist together or in due subordination.

Very respectfully,

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

[SEPTEMBER 24, 1864. -For Hood to Sherman, regarding prisoners at Andersonville, see Second Series.]

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 24, 1864. -6 p. m.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Forrest is north of the Tennessee with 8,000 men, and attacked the railroad at Athens to-day. Nothing is known except that he is in command, and has a mounted force large enough, he says, to stay in Middle Tennessee till Sherman comes from Atlanta to drive him away. he threatens Nashville.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND, Numbers 264. Atlanta, Ga., September 24, 1864.

* * * *

XXV. The Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Eighteenth, and Nineteenth Regiments of U. S. Infantry are hereby relieved from duty with the Second Brigade, First DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps, and will report to the commanding officer of the post of Chattanooga for assignment to duty on Lookout Mountain, as guard for the hospitals and for the other purposes as set forth in Special Field Orders, Numbers 259, paragraph V, current series, from these headquarters. The commanding officer of the regular regiments will see that the instructions for the guidance of the hospital guards are carried out in every particular. On the arrival of the regular regiments the Thirteenth and Twenty-first Regiments Michigan Volunteer Infantry will be relieved from duty on Lookout Mountain, and will proceed to the front, reporting on their arrival at Atlanta for duty to the commanding officer Second Brigade, First DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps, to which brigade they are assigned for duty.

XXVI. The FIFTY-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry is hereby relieved from duty with the THIRD Brigade, THIRD DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps, and will proceed at once to Running Water bridge, on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, as garrison. The commanding officer of the FIFTY-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry will report by letter to the commanding officer District of the Etowah.

XXVII. The Sixty-ninth Ohio Infantry is hereby transferred to the Second Brigade, First DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps. Colonel M. G. Moore will report to Brigadier-General Carlin for assignment to command.

By command of Major-General Thomas:

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

