
NASHVILLE, TENN., September 24, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Chattanooga:

Add 1,500 men to the 1,000 ordered by General Steedman to report to General Granger on the railroad between Huntsville and Athens. Be on the lookout as you approach the vicinity of Huntsville. Send this force at once, with 100 rounds of ammunition and three days' rations.

By order of Major-General Sherman:

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, September 24, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN:

Major Polk informs me that you will send me 2,500 men. Please let me know what time they can arrive here. They should be here to- night to be of service. Forrest was at Athens at 2 o'clock to-day, and has probably taken the fort at that place.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, September 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General JohnSON,

(Care Major Moe):

It is believed that a rebel force is moving toward Nashville, and I suggest that you send 1,000 infantry to Stevenson, to go to such point as General Granger may direct. Report to him by telegraph from Chattanooga.

JAMES B. STEEDMAN,

Major-General.

(Same to Brigadier General John E. Smith.)

DECATUR, ALA., September 24, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Colonel Prosser, Second Tennessee Cavalry, states as his positive conviction that the force at Athens is that of Forrest, and that it numbered, already up and more coming, 3,000 or 4,000. I can't think this is so. Colonel Minnis, THIRD Tennessee, was sent out by me to Rogersville and Lexington day before yesterday, and Colonel Spalding the day before left Pulaski for Shoal Creek. Neither of these forces have been heard from. One or the other would have heard of a force so large as this reported by Colonel Prosser, and would have sent word back or returned somewhere to the line of railroad. I had also, fearing a return, sent 100 mounted men from Pulaski to Florence some days previously to kook after the enemy. They sent back word of Roddey having crossed, as also other forces, but not a word of Forrest. I think it probable the enemy assume to belong to Forrest, to give credit to their statements of a very large force. This, of course, is all conjecture. I leave for Athens as soon as I can get a train. I will keep you informed as I get

