
He states that he saw Forrest's staff officers, and the talk of the men was that Forrest intended to play a "bluff game," and would not stop until he [had] taken Pulaski, Shelbyville, and Franklin, and all the intermediate block-houses on the road. If I find the road cut so I cannot repair it, and move up, shall I come around with my infantry by way of Stevenson? I have only 250 cavalry, THIRD Tennessee. Should like exceedingly to be around, and have command of the troops to fight Forrest.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General STARKWEATHER,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

General Granger telegraphs this morning the enemy, about 200 strong, struck the road near Athens last evening and burned a house there. He also says a small party was near Decatur. He seems to be waiting for you to attend to that party at Athens. You will attack the enemy vigorously on the road wherever he may be, and please keep us posted.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, September 24, 1864-2. 10 a. m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your dispatch received. I shall hold the place and the two bridges until re-enforcements arrive. Enemy reported advancing rapidly. Will do the best I can. Enemy reported moving from Athens in this direction. Dispatch just in. Athens captured with all troops at said post. Enemy skirmishing with my men at Sulphur Branch trestle. I send Colonel Spalding with Tennessee brigade to re-enforce Elk River and Sulphur Branch.

JNO C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PULASKI, September 24, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following dispatch just receive by courier from Colonel Spalding, dated yesterday, on military road, at Squire Wilson's:

Forrest, with 8,000 men and eight pieces of artillery, passed toward Athens from toward Florence yesterday. He camped at Rogersville last night. Direction taken from that place is not known.

Dispatch signed by Colonel Spalding's adjutant-general:

JNO C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.

