
PULASKI, September 24, 1864.

Major POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Another courier just in. Captain Slatery, THIRD Tennessee, reports rebel force, 3,000 strong, passing through Rogersville at 10 a. m. yesterday. He had skirmish with them at 2 p. m. ; are moving against railroad. I sent this information as to forces on 21st to General Granger, saying that Roddey crossed four regiments. All communication south has been cut off. Will establish courier-lines at once between Sulphur Branch and here, and try to communicate with Athens. Inform General Granger by way of Stevenson of what has occurred, as we have no other means of communication with him.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PULASKI, September 24, 1864.

Major POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Courier just in from Athens reports Athens taken at 12 m. to-day. Enemy this side of Athens. Large fire seen at Athens this morning before daylight. I have no re-enforcements to send them. I go into battle line at once.

JON. C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HUNTSVILLE, September 24, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Pulaski, Tenn.:

I have the following dispatch from General Granger, at Decatur:

Send a messenger to General Starkweather at Elk River bridge, and another to Pulaski, to make the most determined stand, and to delay the enemy as much as possible. I will join him to-morrow night with heavy re-enforcements.

By order of Brigadier-General Granger:

SAM. M. KNEELAND,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

W. P. LYON,

Colonel Thirteenth Wisconsin, Commanding.

The messengers are now en route as ordered.

W. P. L.

HUNTSVILLE, September 24, 1864.

Colonel R. R. STEWART,

Larkinsville:

There is a large force of the enemy at Athens, and you may be called upon for re-enforcements. Keep your men well in hand, constantly provided with two days' cooked rations, and ready to march at a moment's notice. This order is from General Granger.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.

