
HUNTSVILLE, September 24, 1864.

Colonel R. R. STEWART,

Larkinsville:

A train leaves Stevenson immediately to take your regiment, except small detachments at the stations, to Decatur. The conductor has orders directing the number to be left at each station. Come yourself, and bring all the men you possibly can, and make haste. Let the convalescents hold the stations, if you have enough of them. Forrest and Roddey are at Athens.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 24, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nashville:

Your dispatch received. I shall hold this place and the two bridges until re-enforcements arrive. Enemy reported advancing rapidly; will do the best I can. Enemy reported moving from Athens in this direction. Dispatch just in; Athens captured with all the troops of said post. Enemy skirmishing with my men at Sulphur Branch trestle. I send Colonel Spalding with Tennessee brigade to re- enforce Elk River bridge and Sulphur Branch trestle. General Granger reported repulsed (by our courier-line).

Respectfully, yours,

J. D. HAZZARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JOHNSONVILLE, September 24, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that 400 of Forrest's command crossed the Tennessee near mouth of Duck River on Tuesday evening last and are now at Linden, Tenn. Lieutenant-Colonel Trauernicht was out yesterday and returned at 12 o'clock last night. He reports the country on Buffalo thickly invested by rebels belonging to Forrest, also some of Wheeler's deserters, who are conscripting. I will send out scouts immediately and report as soon as they return.

JNO A. HOTTENSTEIN,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, September 24, 1864.

Major G. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Information received at these headquarters last night at 8 o'clock that the detachment at Red River bridge would be attacked by 250 guerrillas, and it is known they are in the country. All the available infantry was sent as re-enforcements last night. A force was expected from Captain iron, assistant quartermaster, last night; has not arrived here. Have received no news from the detachment this morning. If Captain Irvin's men have not yet started please send a mounted force at once, as I wish to pursue them.

J. W. JEFFERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

