
COLUMBIA, September 24, 1864. -2. 10 p. m.

Major POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Information just received that Forrest was crossing at the mouth of Indian Creek last Tuesday; Roddey was this side. Biffle had 600 men on Green River. No enemy near this post. Have sent scout, as directed.

W. B. SIPES,

Colonel, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, September 24, 1864.

(Received 5. 20 p. m.)

Major-General MILROY:

Forrest is reported on the railroad between Athens and Decatur. The lines have been down since daylight. Have you heard anything of the Ninth Pennsylvania and Fifth Tennessee?

B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 24, 1864.

Brigadier General John T. CROXTON,

Franklin, Tenn.:

Forrest is reported to be crossing the Tennessee above Bart's Landing. General Rousseau directs that you please send such a force in that direction as will ascertain the facts int he case. This is with General Johnson's consent. The rebels, in small force, are on the road below Athens.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 24, 1864. -For correspondence between N. B. Forrest and Wallace Campbell, relative to surrender of post of Athens, Ala., see Part I, pp. 521, 522.

CONFIDENTIAL.] OFFICE PROV. March General OF EAST TENN.,

Knoxville, Tenn., September 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Ohio:

COLONEL: I have recently received some information from North Carolina which I deem of sufficient importance to transmit to department headquarters. At Greensborough, N. C., the rebels have a large depot of supplies, consisting of commissary and quartermaster stores. Although the Danville road is taxed to its utmost capacity in carrying them to Richmond they accumulate more rapidly than they can be removed. One statement received from a gentleman of Carter County placed the number of rations at several mIllinois; another, made by a Mr. Lamb, who lives within a few miles of Greensborough, and who left

