
home a little more than two weeks ago, corroborates the first. Mr. Lamb informed me that the guard at Greensborough was only about 100 strong, and that there were no troops between that point and the Tennessee line, except some FIFTY men in each county employed in arresting deserters and enforcing the conscription. The stores at Greensborough must be of immense value to the rebels, and it has been represented that they could be easily destroyed either by an expedition from the vicinity of Petersburg or from East Tennessee. If an expedition should start from the latter direction it would be necessary to threaten the salt-works in Southwest Virginia with a good force, so as to attract the attention of the enemy and send a smaller body of men toward Asheville, N. C., and have the expeditionary force move through Taylorsville, Johnson County, East Tenn., which place is distant 144 miles from Greensborough. As the gauge of the North Carolina railroads differs from those of Virginia and South Carolina, all rolling-stock on the road between Greensborough and Charlotte, N. C., could, by seizing the former place and moved south, be destroyed. From what I have been able to learn, I believe that 1,500 to 2,000 cavalry can accomplish the work.

I am, colonel, respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier General and Provost-Marshal-General of East Tennessee.

(Forwarded by General Schofield to General Sherman.)

[Indorsement.]

No action.

SHERMAN,

General.

KNOXVILLE, TENN., September 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMMEN,

Bull's Gap:

I have ordered 100 of the Tenth Michigan, fully armed and equipped and well supplied with ammunition, with seven days' rations, two in haversacks, to proceed by rail to-morrow and report to you. I shall send sixteen dismounted men from this place to strengthen garrison left at the Plains.

DAVIS TILLSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

BULL'S GAP, TENN., September 24, 1864-2 p. m.

General BURBRIDGE:

General Vaughn, commanding rebel forces in East Tennessee, is still in front of this place with his entire available force. Rebel Colonel Williams is near Vaughn. I will try to keep them here until you destroy the salt-works and come up in their rear. Vaughn's force is about 2,000 and six pieces of artillery. General Cosby, Giltner, and Duke are with him.

ALVAN C. GILLEM,

Brigadier-General.

