
DECATUR, September 25, 1864.

General THOMAS:

The detachment of 350 men sent from here to re-enforce Athens fought their way up within sight of the fort, when its fire opened upon them. It seems incredible that so strong a position with a garrison of 600 should have surrendered when this small force was able to drive the enemy back, and come within sight of the fort. The loss of this detachment, as appears by information from the two or three who escaped, was very large, and the loss of the enemy was unquestionably three to one.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

DECATUR, ALA., September 25, 1864-10. 15 p. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

By telegrams just received I gather the following information: The fort at sulphur Branch trestle has been captured; block-house at low trestle was surrendered. Generals Forrest, Buford, and Lyon, with 8,000 men and eight pieces of artillery, threatening Elk River bridge. Escaped prisoners report that Generals Wheeler and Roddey were expected to join them at Columbia or Franklin, and combined force were to attack Nashville. Twenty-five rebels killed in fight at Athens; artillery at that place captured. it is the belief among officers of Confederate forces that Wheeler and roddey were to attack Decatur. I believe this information is correct, and that they do design to attack this place. I have learned from several sources with regard to Forrest's force, and this estimate is evidently correct, and, if anything, under the mark. I have no force to follow up Forrest, but would respectfully suggest that every effort be made to meet him with strong force in front.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 25, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Stevenson, Ala.:

The troops ordered from Chattanooga to re-enforce General Granger must come to this city soon as possible, instead of going toward Huntsville. If any have left on their way west, send this order after them to bring them back.

By order of Major-General Sherman:

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

HUNTSVILLE, ALA., September 25, 1864.

General J. D. WEBSTER,

Nashville, Tenn.:

Your dispatch is received and forwarded to General Granger at Decatur. Two trains loaded with troops from Chattanooga passed this place this afternoon en route to Decatur. I learn that more are expected.

WM. P. LYON,

Colonel, Commanding.

