
where Buford was. It was known he went to Tupelo. Could not hear of any of the Kentucky troops anywhere-Buford's. Duckworth, with about 800 men, was at Spring Creek, in Madison County, Tenn., and showed no signs of leaving. The artillery taken at Fort Pillow was carried to Okolona. A great many of Forrest's men were dismounted and sent as infantry to Dalton-no mistake about this, because his brother- in-law is one of them-the horses sent to Tibbee Station. The roads are all watched in Obion, Gibson, and Madison, and everywhere, so that single individuals would be questioned. Cotton going into Hickman all the time. Trade going on all the time from New Madrid. I give it as he says it. I will send him back again to the same quarter to-morrow morning. He may communicate with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS OF DISTRICT,Columbus, May 24, 1864.

Major MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: The railroad bridge must repaired over the Little Obion was burned last night by James' guerrilla band of twenty-five; the same that was in Hickman. They carried off a Union man from near Moscow, and I have sent since dark FIFTY mounted infantry to get some of them, as I hope they may before morning.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., May 24, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I beg leave through you to call the attention of the War Department to the condition of my command. While I have nearly 8,000 men for duty, I have less than 4,000 serviceable horses. The veteran regiments of this DIVISION, which have served efficiently as cavalry for over two years and a half, are returning to the field disarmed and dismounted. The entire absence of cavalry arms in the ordnance depots of this department precludes the possibility of their being armed, unless the arms are forwarded from Washington. Repeated estimates and requisitions have been made for horses, but without avail. I respectfully request that immediate measures be taken to arm, mount, and equip the Sixth, Seventh, and Ninth Illinois, and Second Iowa Cavalry, of this DIVISION, at the earliest possible moment. I further recommend that the Spencer carbine be issued to these regiments, and feel willing to hold myself personally responsible for their proper and efficient use. For the character and past services of these regiments I beg leave to refer you to the official reports from these and the several headquarters of the Department of the Tennessee for the past two years. The good of the service demands that these regiments be placed upon a footing

