
TULLAHOMA, September 25, 1864-3. 30 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

For the last ten days a drove of cattle has passed each day, for which a guard of twenty men each had to be detailed from here to Chattanooga, as they could not be relieved between this and that point for want of men, and still the droves come. My whole effective force is not over 500 men. The block-houses between Duck River and Cowan are manned with but six men and a non-commissioned officer. The fort at Elk River bridge has two guns and but forty men; the complement of the fort is 500 men. The road between the tunnel and Stevenson, having fourteen block-houses and three military stations, is solely guarded by the Sixth Kentucky Infantry, now not over 220 strong, two companies having left since last raid by reason of expiration of term of service. The block- houses and fort at Duck River, where there is one gun, is guarded by one commissioned officer and forty-seven men. I send you by to- night's mail a full report, to which and the suggestions made I call special attention. The Seventy-eighth Pennsylvania and thirteenth Wisconsin have not yet reported.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

ATLANTA, September 25, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Commanding:

General Steedman will assist you with all his forces as soon as General Newton reaches Chattanooga. The commanding general directs that you report the facts in the case of General Starkweather as soon as possible. Such things should be met promptly.

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 254, 1864. -For rousseau to Thomas, reporting surrender of Sulphur Branch trestle, &amp;c., see Part I, p. 504.]

NASHVILLE, September 25, 1864.

Major HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Troops at this post not attached to garrison: Cavalry, under Colonel Lowe, 2,200; Artillery Reserve, Colonel Barnett, 7 batteries, 550 men; Captain Cogswell, 2 batteries, 235 men; Veteran Reserve, about 500; Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, 300; Tenth Tennessee Infantry, 100; Fourth Kentucky Infantry, 130; First Wisconsin Infantry, 100; One hundred and seventy-THIRD Ohio Infantry, 1,000 men, just arrived; One hundred and first Colonel Infantry, organizing, about 300.

JNO F. MILLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

