
NASHVILLE, September 25, 1864.

Major S. HOFFMAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

From the unattached force [reported] by me this morning General Rousseau [takes] 1,300 cavalry and two batteries. He also takes the Eighty-THIRD Illinois Infantry, which belongs to the garrison.

JNO F. MILLER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TEEN., September 25, 1864.

General SHERMAN:

I have a brigade to-night nine miles south of Columbia, and one is now en route by rail to Pulaski. This force will be in Pulaski by daylight. I will take command of all the cavalry against Forrest. I leave a staff officer here to transact my business. He is competent; of odds and ends he will do all well.

R. W. JohnSON,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 25, 1864.

Major-General MILROY:

Have the citizens along the railroad from within six miles of this place to Bridgeport remove at once all fences within 600 yards of the road except those around corn-fields, and those you will have removed as soon as it can be done without great hardship to the people. This order is given to put out of reach of the enemy fuel for burning the road. If the order is not carried out by the citizens have it done by burning the fences where they stand.

By command of Major-General Rousseau:

B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy sent to Brigadier-General Van Cleve, Colonel Krzyzanowksi, Major Wortham, and Lieutenant-Colonel Dawkins.)

TULLAHOMA, September 25, 1864-4. 30 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK, Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am informed that all trains have been stopped on this road until further orders. I respectfully suggest the importance of having a train here to move troops from one point to another, as emergency may require, in event of an attack.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 25, 1864-8 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following information has just been received from Mr. Sproal, agent at Shelbyville:

Eight of Forrest's scouts were seen ten miles this side of Pulaski yesterday, and they reported Forrest on this side of Elk River, with 8,000 cavalry, some infantry, and twenty pieces of artillery, and said he would camp last night between Athens and Pulaski, and would strike the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad some where in this vicinity.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

