
concentrated before an attempt is made to check the enemy. Colonel Spalding's forces and mine are entirely inadequate. For God's sake send the re-enforcements.

GEO. W. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

PULASKI, TENN., September 25, 1864-10 a. m.

[Major B. H. POLK:]

A sergeant of Ninth Indiana Cavalry, under Major Lilly, just arrived from Sulphur trestle; left there at 9 this a. m. ; was slightly wounded; says then had been fighting about an hour when he left; reports one man killed and a small number wounded on our side in that time. Rebels had certainly six pieces of artillery bearing on the fort from three sides; reports that all our men, numbering about 800, were inside the fort, and the fight was growing warm. Has no idea of the strength of the rebels. Nothing more. Just received dispatch from General Granger, stating that firing was heard this a. m. at Sulphur trestle. Recommends that if the enemy has not yet crossed Elk River the bridge there should be destroyed, river being too high for enemy to cross with artillery.

GEO. W. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding Force.

PULASKI, September 25, 1864-12. 24 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Just received the following from Colonel Spalding, commanding at Elk River bridge:

Heavy firing heard in the direction of Sulphur Branch. Major Lilly calls for re-enforcements. I will move with all the mounted [men] to his assistance immediately. Send re-enforcements as soon as possible to Elk Rover bridge.

Have also heard from Colonel Lathrop, commanding Sulphur Branch, under date 4 this a. m. He needs re-enforcements, rations, and ammunition. Is satisfied there is a strong force of rebels operating against him. Everything is quiet here. We have 300 dismounted and 30 mounted men. Will hold the place against the devil.

GEO. W. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces.

PULASKI, September 25, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK:

Just received the following dispatch from Captain Robbins, Ninth Indiana Cavalry, commanding at Elk River bridge:

Colonel JACKSON:

Major Lilly has engaged the rebels ever since daylight. Don't know what is the result. Colonel Spalding has moved down.

WM. ROBBINS,

Captain Company I.

GEO. W. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

