
that will enable them to take the field. With these additions to the mounts and equipment of this command, I would feel myself able, willing, and anxious to perform any duty, no matter how hazardous, which may be blocked out by my superiors.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

CATLETTSBURG, KY., May 25, 1864. (Via Knoxville 27th.)

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

I am informed by the commanding officer at Cumberland Gap that a force of soldiers dressed in Federal uniform is in front of that place. I move directly on Abingdon, and will then attack Saltville from the south, General Crook co-operating from the northeast. Governors Morton and Bramlette have furnished troops for the railroad and other important points during my absence. I will keep you posted.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General.

CATLETTSBURG, KY., May 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General CROOK,

Commanding District of WEST Virginia:

I will go through Pound Gap by Sunday or Monday. Will take 4,000 cavalry and mounted infantry and eight pieces of artillery, if I can get them through. If I drive the enemy from Abingdon I will proceed against the enemy's depot of supplies near Saltville, and would like for you to attack the enemy at salt-works from the north when I do from the south. Communicate with me freely and often, and I will with you. By courier I receive information of a rebel force in front of Cumberland Gap; as this must be a part of this force now is the time for us to strike.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Kentucky.

LEXINGTON, KY., May 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE,

Catlettsburg, Ky.:

General Crook telegraphs from Meadow Bluff that he will be unable to co-operate with you, being ordered in another direction. He does not think you will find much force there now.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF DISTRICT,Columbus, Ky., May 25, 1864.

Colonel S. G. HICKS:

COLONEL: On the 20th Forrest was at Tupelo, having recruited to 15,000 strong. Neely's brigade was at Corinth, and the road to there completed, cars coming up on it. It would appear that Forrest was

