
WASHINGTON, September 26, 1864-1 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

I do not know what General Grant's views are about Savannah, but I hardly think he intends to operate there. I should say your line was Columbus, Montgomery, and Selma, opening, in conjunction with Farragut and Canby, the Alabama River. Selma is a very important place. You are nearer to Montgomery than to Augusta, and the latter as far from Savannah as the former from Mobile. By holding Atlanta, Montgomery, and the Alabama River we can prevent any serious raids into Mississippi, Tennessee, and Kentucky, and at the same time cut off the rebel army from their grain-fields. Deprived of the grain, iron, and coal of Northern Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, and the harbor of Wilmington closed as effectually as Mobile, Savannah, and Charleston now are, they can hardly hold out in strong force another year. Your mode of conducting was is just the thing we now want. We have tried the kid-glove policy enough.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

ATLANTA, September 26, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

General Newton is ordered to Key WEST and will come to see you. I am very anxious that you should get the Appalachicola River as high up as the arsenal. I think it could be done with a small force and a few gun-boats, and it would do more good than the capture of the city of Mobile.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 26, 1864.

General J. D. WEBSTER,

Nashville:

GENERAL: General Newton's DIVISION is now at Chattanooga, and General Corse at Rome. We can defend our roads below Bridgeport, and General Granger and the gun-boats can protect those from Decatur to Stevenson. Rousseau should collect all the force he can, and move straight for Pulaski and Florence. Call forward from Kentucky any troops that can be spared there, and hold all that come from the rear, until Forrest is disposed of. Caution Rousseau to unite his movable force and not let it be picked up in detail. Recruits should now be coming forward fast. Ask Rosecrans for me if he cannot spare A. J. Smith, and explain to him that he may be needed. I wanted him for this very contingency, which I foresaw. Use my name, and concentrate at Nashville all the men you can. Recall Generals Steedman and Schofield, if you know where they are. The policy should be, small but well-commanded bodies in the block- houses, and a movable force to act straight against Forrest, who must scatter for forage.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

