
Chattanooga road. Send instructions to General Milroy to strengthen bridges of Elk and Duck Rivers; I will send troops just arrived here from Chattanooga (1,300) to General Rousseau. If there were any to spare I would like to strengthen Johnsonville.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Atlanta, Ga., September 26, 1864.

Major-General STEEDMAN,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The major-general commanding directs that as soon as General Newton has relieved your troops at Chattanooga, Running Water, and Bridgeport you will station your troops along the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad as far toward Nashville as their number will enable you. You must certainly make the tunnel safe, and the bridges over Elk and Duck Rivers, by placing sufficient garrisons in defense of those places to hold them until re-enforcements can be sent from one central position or main body of your troops; probably Tullahoma would be a good place for the main body of your troops; probably Tullahoma would be a good place for the main body, but the location of the place will be left to your judgment. Inform General Rousseau of your movements and of the disposition made of your troops.

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECATUR, ALA., September 26, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Lieutenant-Colonel thornburgh just returned from scout in direction of Courtland. He reports that one DIVISION of Wheeler's left courtland Saturday for Oakville. Wheeler has one DIVISION at Moulton and a force, not know, at Danville. Citizens say it is his intention to attack Decatur and the road from this to Stevenson. I put but little faith in this, and have no fears for the result if he does; my opinion is he is moving to the east. I will know more to-morrow. Wheeler's Tennesseeans are said to be with Forrest.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Atlanta, Ga., September 26, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Nashville, Tenn.:

In your telegram, inclosing telegram from General Milroy, you say "my whole effective force is not over 500 men. " The commanding general desires that you report for the information of these headquarters the disposition of your forces, giving the strength at the different posts.

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

