
ATLANTA, September 26, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU:

The whole of General Steedman's force has been placed at your disposal; with this and your own you ought to be able to drive Forrest across the Tennessee. You have two brigades of the Fourth DIVISION Cavalry, Croxton's brigade, of First DIVISION, and five regiments Indiana cavalry, acting as infantry, besides the infantry under General R. S. Granger.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

PLEASANT GROVE, September 26, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. WEBSTER:

The following just received from Pulaski:

Colonel Pace, just in from Elk River bridge, reports that he evacuated at 5 a. m. September 26. The forces in his front and flanks estimated at 7,000, with three full batteries. The first block-house below Elk River was evacuated and destroyed; the enemy followed up closely to our rear, burned trestles and destroyed the road. We fell back to within four miles of Pulaski. Colonel Spalding has advanced on the road toward Elkton to feel the enemy and hold them in check, if possible, until we receive re- enforcements or further orders. Colonel Jones has not arrived; the last heard from him was that he had left Culleoka at 7 a. m. Nothing heard from General Croxton this a. m. Have received no reply to my dispatch to him last night.

GEO. W. JACKSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

PLEASANT GROVE, September 26, 1864-10. 30 a. m.

Brigadier-General WEBSTER:

Have been unavoidably delayed. Have twenty-three miles yet to go. All quiet at Pulaski, though skirmishing beyond.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

PULASKI, September 26, 1864-4. 30 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Send the troops (2,300) forward as speedily as possible. They should be here by morning. Those from Chattanooga to report to General Milroy, strengthening bridges at Elk and Duck Rivers, and leaving a movable force to ply the road. It is probable that Forrest will cross over to the other road. Do not want rations now, nor for eight days.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

PULASKI, September 26, 1864.

Brigadier General J. D. WEBSTER:

Arrived here half an hour since. Croxton and Jones here also with commands. Forrest is within seven miles of town; has burned the Richland bridge, seven miles south of this place. Have sent Colonel

