
about to do something. It was said 400 men were at work on the railroad to Jackson. So says Washburn's information. Night before last our brigade near Moscow was burnt by James' gang. A band of Forrest's people, 800 strong, are said to be a Spring Creek. We have received notice that 5,000 of 100-days' men are to report here; 1,000 will be sent to Paducah. I would like to see if you can leave your post for a day or two.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General.

WHITE'S STATION, May 25, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN:

My scout to Holly Springs has returned in good condition. The report is that Forrest is opening the railroad north of Corinth instead of west. The impression was that he would attack Memphis; that his order to go to Johnston had been countermanded and that he had 30,000 men. By telegraph to Holly Springs on Sunday, 22d, affairs in Virginia were very gloomy. McPherson and Sherman were driving Johnston rapidly, and were within twenty miles of Atlanta.

G. E. WARING, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WHITE'S STATION, May 25, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN:

A man from La Grange told a doctor at Collierville that Forrest is repairing the railroad from Corinth to La Grange. An English gentleman from Holly Springs, just here, heard a letter read from the son of the lady with whom he boarded, and who is in Forrest's command; he said that Forrest was going to Tennessee and perhaps Kentucky.

G. E. WARNING, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., May 25, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARNING,

White's Station:

The Hernando and Pigeon Roost roads will be scouted for ten miles out every morning and evening by 100 men. You must have your scouts out constantly beyond White's Station, so as not to be surprised. You had better keep but a small stock of rations or forage on hand. Should the enemy be found approaching in force pack up and send everything here. How many wagons have you? If advisable you can keep an engine and cars to enable you to move suddenly if occasion should require it. Keep a sharp lookout.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

4 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT II

