
SAINT LOUIS, September 27, 1864-5 p. m.

Brigadier-General WEBSTER;

General Smith is confronting a rebel force reported at twice or thrice his number, which attacked Pilot Knob, twenty miles in front of him, this morning. We are arming every available citizen and militiaman in Saint Louis to defend the city.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, September 27, 1864.

SILAS MILLER,

Galt House:

Do you know where Generals Schofield and Steedman are? If at Louisville please say to them that General Sherman directs me to recall them.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 27, 1864-11. 30 p. m.

(Received 2. 45 a. m. 28th.)

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

They have at least forty days' subsistence at Atlanta, and Colonel Beckwith, acting chief quartermaster, telegraphed me last night that they had ten days' grain. I have said to him that he must economize his grain, as all my cars are being used to transport troops, Forrest having cut the Tennessee and Alabama road, and threatening the Chattanooga road. I learn that Rousseau is fighting at Pulaski, and I am preparing my force to re-enforce him should he have to fall back to Nashville. I have 5,000 under arms to-night.

J. L. DONALDSON,

Chief Quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 27, 1864-7. 30 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Enemy under Forrest to-day pushed north as far as Pulaski, driving Rousseau's cavalry five miles, and attacking his combined force at that place, but without success. At this hour our line of battle is in the town, and the rebels hold the environs. No hard fighting yet. Nashville and Chattanooga road, and all telegraph lines, in good working order yet.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

DECATUR, ALA., September 27, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The scout sent out last night reports Wheeler's force as having moved on Sunday night from Moulton, with one DIVISION, for Georgia. It was reported it was his intention to strike the road near Dalton. I send

