
CHATTANOOGA, September 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEBSTER,

Chief of Staff:

Every disposable man in Chattanooga and vicinity has been ordered forward to protect Duck and Elk River bridges and the tunnel, with a reserve at Tullahoma. This disposition is in accordance with specific instructions from General Thomas.

JNO NEWTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Atlanta, Ga., September 27, 1864.

Colonel STANLEY,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

It was not my intention to relieve the post or police guard, nor the garrison artillery, nor does General Wagner relieve you personally. General Wagner will command General Newton's DIVISION and will have enough to do to supervise the whole, and must leave the special duties of post commander to you.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

(Copy for General Wagner.)

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 27, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU, Pulaski:

General Newton's DIVISION arrived at Chattanooga yesterday, and I communicated with him after getting your dispatch of yesterday. He reports this morning that forces have been sent to Duck and Elk River bridges, the disposition being in accordance with specific instructions from General Thomas. I have ordered all troops that can be spared from Kentucky here, by instructions from General Sherman. He directs me to caution you to unite your movable force so as not to be picked up in detail. Another Ohio regiment, the One hundred and seventy-sixth, reports this morning. They are almost unorganized as yet, and will go into camp here under instructions from General Sherman. Let me hear from you often as convenient.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 27, 1864-1 p. m.

Major S. HOFFMAN, Atlanta:

The following dispatch received by General Miller from Colonel Sipes at Columbia:

A scout just in reports a rebel force at Lynnville. This is in Rousseau's rear. If re-enforcements can they should be sent.

The operator here at Nashville also reports that the telegraphs wire was cut this morning north of Pulaski, at Wales Station, about 6 a. m. to-day.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

