
NASHVILLE, September 27, 1864-2. 30 p. m.

Major HOFFMAN:

A dispatch from General Rousseau, at Pulaski, at noon reads:

Infantry all here and just formed in line ready for the enemy. Cavalry have just completed the retrograde movement and formed on the left. Pretty brisk skirmishing; enemy advancing. We are all ready and anxious; we shall attack. Troops here, except those brought with me, are worthless; the most demoralized I have ever seen. The enemy are moving around in our rear, 3,000 men and six pieces of artillery, it is so reported.

At 2 p. m. the operator is obliged to close his office, and says General Rousseau is falling back, heavily pressed.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 27, 1864-6 p. m.

Major S. HOFFMAN,

Atlanta:

A reliable gentleman just in from Wartrace states that scouts from Forrest's and Wheeler's forces have been going eastward, with the intention of hunting up Williams, and getting him to return to the road. He saw several men he knew. They say Forrest and Wheeler are together; that they are to keep our troops engaged while Williams does the railroad burning. They say Forrest discusses taking Nashville; that he thinks it is more vulnerable than Murfreesborough. Have not heard from General Rousseau since my dispatch at 2. 30 p. m. to-day.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Atlanta, Ga., September 27, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Pulaski:

Report to me at Chattanooga to-morrow night the exact state of affairs with you.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

(Same to Generals Granger and Milroy.)

NASHVILLE, September 27, 1864-10. 30 p. m.

Major-General ROUSSEAU,

Pulaski:

I have just hunted up and opened your dispatch to General Webster. Scouts from Wartrace report messengers from Forrest to Williams crossing the railroad, going eastward, to have the latter come back. J. G. Webster, of Wartrace, talked to some men he knew and says Williams ought to reach the road to-morrow. I have notified General Thomas and General Milroy. The One hundred and seventy- fourth Ohio went to Murfreesborough and re-enforcements have been sent to

