
NASHVILLE, September 27, 1864-11 p. m.

Major S. HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Rousseau telegraphs from Pulaski at 6. 15 p. m. that skirmishing was kept up all day, and that this evening the enemy advanced a heavy skirmish line to within a short distance of his, and that he and General Johnson believe the attack will be made in the morning. Our loss to-day will not exceed 80. A captured prisoner reports that he was on his way to McMinnville with a dispatch for General Williams to join forrest this morning. Reported Forrest's force at 7,000 men and eighteen or twenty pieces of artillery, six or seven regiments lately belonging to Wheeler's command. The general asks that the Fifteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, at Chattanooga, be sent up the road to Tullahoma-he means the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEFENSES NASHVILLE AND CHATTANOOGA R. R.,Tullahoma, September 27, 1864.

Major J. F. ARMSTRONG,

Commanding Fifth Tennessee Cavalry:

MAJOR: The general commanding orders that you send a messenger to Captain R. E. Cain, at McMinnville, with the information that messengers have been sent from Forrest east to communicate with Williams, and that he must keep his scouts well out on the Sparta and Spencer roads, that he may have timely notice of the approach of the force under Williams, in the event of their moving in this direction to join Forrest. Information has also been received that on last Saturday Carter was at Spencer with 150 men and one piece of artillery. Let Captain Cain ascertain the truth of this. In the event of the enemy moving upon McMinnville the captain must not permit himself to be cut off or captured, but will retreat in good time, after learning that his command is in danger. He will keep these headquarters advised by couriers if anything occurs.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO O. CRAVENS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, September 27, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scouts report Colonel Biffle, with a large number of Wheeler's men, between Williamsport and Hillsborough. Is it intended to use artillery int his fort at Franklin? I have reported several times none here of any account.

J. B. PARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Fourth Michigan Cavalry, Commanding Post.

