
NASHVILLE, TENN., September 27, 1864.

General H. EWING, Louisville:

General Sherman directs me to order at once all the troops that can be spared from Kentucky. Have sent same to General Burbridge, but suppose him to be absent. Please attend to it.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

PADUCAH, KY., September 27, 1864.

Captain J. B. DICKSON:

CAPTAIN: I request that you send some troops to this district. I have only three regiments, and the enemy is commencing to show themselves between Paducah and Mayfield. I have only 1,200 men at Paducah and Mayfield. There are some new regiments being organized in Indiana and Illinois. Would it not be well to make application for them at once to take the place of the 100-days' troops just left the district? I can't too strongly urge upon you the importance of sending troops to this district, as I fear an invasion will take place soon.

Very respectfully,

S. MEREDITH,

Brigadier-General.

ATLANTA, GA., September 27, 1864.

(Received 9. 30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I have reorganized the corps of his army so as to have two corps here, viz, the Fifteenth (Logan's) and Seventeenth (Blair's), and the SIXTEENTH entire on the Mississippi. I recommend and ask of the President the assignment of Major General N. T. Dana to command the SIXTEENTH Corps. I propose to give Generals A. J. Smith and Doge each a wing of two DIVISIONS.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

I approve the above.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENN., Numbers 28. East Point, Ga., September 27, 1864.

The following is announced as the organization of the artillery of this department and army:

1. The artillery assigned to each corps will constitute a brigade, under the command of the chief of artillery of the corps, who will be responsible to the commander of the corps and to the chief of artillery of the department and army for its command and administration. Major T. W. Osborn, chief of artillery, department and army.

2. The following is the assignment of field officers of artillery to the respective corps:

Fifteenth Army Corps:

-----

----, chief of artillery; Major Thomas D. Maurice, First Missouri Light Artillery, assistant chief of artillery.

