
Sixteenth Army Corps: Colonel W. L. Lothrop, First Missouri Light Artillery, chief of artillery; Major Charles Mann, First Missouri Light Artillery, assistant chief of artillery.

Seventeenth Army Corps: Lieutenant Colonel A. M. Powell, First Missouri Light Artillery, chief of artillery; Major Allen C. Waterhouse, First Illinois Light Artillery, assistant chief of artillery.

Reserve artillery and artillery at Cairo: Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Adams, First Illinois Light Artillery, chief of artillery.

Cavalry: Major W. H. Ross, First Michigan Light Artillery, chief of artillery.

Inspector of artillery, Department and Army of the Tennessee, Major J. W. Powell, Second Illinois Light Artillery.

3. The staff of the chief of artillery of the corps will consist of the assistant chief of artillery, by assignment from the headquarters of the army, acting assistant adjutant-general, ordnance officer and inspector, to be selected from the officers of his command, assistant quartermaster, commissary of subsistence, to be assigned by the corps commanders from other troops, surgeon and assistant surgeon, to be assigned by the medical director.

4. The chief quartermaster of the corps will assign a sufficient amount of transportation for ordnance train of the artillery brigade on proper requisition.

5. The duties of the chief of artillery of this department are both administrative and executive. He is responsible foe all the artillery, wherever serving, and he will keep the commanding general fully informed of the station, condition, and efficiency of the same. Through him the commanding general of the army will take the proper steps to insure the efficiency of the horse and mounted artillery for movement and its proper employment in battle; also the efficiency of the heavy artillery, and the proper armament and care of fortifications. The chief of artillery of the army will, both personally and through his staff, maintain a constant supervision over and inspection of the personnel and material of the artillery of the army, and give the necessary orders to insure the instruction of the former, and completeness of the latter, as well as the general discipline of artillery troops. In battle he will, under the instructions of the major-general commanding, select positions for the artillery attached to troops, conveying to the commander of the troops the instructions of the commanding general He will give such instructions as are necessary to secure the proper supply of ammunition, and to furnish it promptly to the artillery while in action. He will give no orders that would interfere with the military control exercised by the commander of the corps.

Commandants of artillery attached to corps will be responsible to the chief of artillery of the army for the condition of the artillery, so far as relates to the equipments, supplies, and condition, and will be governed with respect to orders received from him by paragraph 489, Revised Army Regulations of 1863.

All artillery serving with troops detached from a corps will be considered as on detaches service from the brigade of artillery, and will make all authorized returns and reports to the commander of the brigade of artillery, but will in all other respects be commanded by the commandants of troops with whom such artillery is serving while on such detached service.

By order of Major General O. O. Howard:

WM. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

