HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., May 25, 1864.

Colonel E. F. WINSLOW,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from Major General C. C. Washburn you will send out each day until further orders a scouting party of 100 men on each the Pigeon Roost and Hernando roads. They will start at 3 a. m. each day and return to the city at 3 p. m., at which time another party of 100 men will go out on the same road, and will return at 11 p. m. The officers will be instructed to be particularly guarded against ambush and also against running into patrols of the First Brigade from White's Station. Any information obtained or prisoners captured will be promptly forwarded to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General B. . Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 26, 1864-11 a. m.

General BURBRIDGE,

Commanding District of Kentucky:

General Washburn telegraphs from Memphis that Forrest is collecting a large cavalry force at Corinth and Tupelo, probably preparatory to a raid into Middle Tennessee and Kentucky.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS OF DISTRICT,Columbus, Ky., May 26, 1864.

Major W. H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I inclose the report to Lieutenant Stanley, who left here at 10 p. m. to go to Feliciana on reconnaissance on the 24th instant. The boy reported in it lost, by straggling, has come in- rather a bright fellow; he was taken to Feliciana, his good suit of clothes taken from him, and locked up. About 7 p. m. last evening he says the THIRD Kentucky Regiment, of Buford's, came into town from Dukedom, filling the street from one end of the town to the other. They said the rest of Buford's force is at Dresden. He was closely questioned as to whether there was no officer higher than Lieutenant Stanley along with our party. In the night he unfastened a blind and got out the window and came back, arriving here about 2 p. m. I think the boy's information in regard to the THIRD Kentucky likely to be correct, and it goes to confirm the information which Lieutenant Stanley obtained from sources which he considers good as mentioned in his report. Captain Horn, with his company, is back into Clinton again, where he was during the late attack on Paducah; he arrived there yesterday. There was also a company of Kentucky cavalry in Hickman yesterday, and remained all night, it is said. There is a large amount of subsistence stores here and we have quite an amount of the wagons and mules of the SIXTEENTH Army Corps. As I understand troops are on their way up river to rendezvous here I think this property will be covered against all chances in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

