
stay and fight. Let them intrench and look out for any attempt to cut off our communication. General Knipe will send cavalry in same direction.

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION CAVALRY,White's Station, September 27, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis, Tenn.:

GENERAL: From information received yesterday, I have reason to believe Forrest in person is at some of his camps in Northern Mississippi. I am quite sure that a part of that force reported crossing the Tennessee River marched WEST day before yesterday from La Grange, coming as far as Collierville, about 400 strong; they destroyed a few more strong trestles in that neighborhood. On pushing out a reconnaissance, the repels had retreated toward Mount Pleasant. Considerable quantities of cotton continue to arrive from MISSISSIPPI and is stored about our lines, undoubtedly awaiting the movement of the Tennessee crop to market, when it will go in as cotton raised in this country. We are very much in need of ordnance stores, such as curry-combs, saddleblankets, spurs, and full set equipments for the THIRD Illinois Cavalry, about 250 strong; this command has its horses and arms. We are told there is no ordnance of his kind for issue at Memphis. Cold weather is fast approaching, and if we are to remain here it is important we should build winter quarters for men and horses.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

ATLANTA, GA., September 28, 1864-11. 30 a. m.

(Received 6 p. m.)

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

I have positive knowledge that Jeff. Davis made a speech at Macon on the 22d, which I mailed to General Halleck yesterday. It was bitter against Johnston and Governor Brown. The militia is on furlough. Brown is at Milledgeville trying to get a Legislature to meet next month, but he is afraid to act unless in concert with other Governors. Judge Wright, of Rome, has been here, and Messrs. Hill and Nelson, former members of our Congress, are also here now and will go to meet Wright at Rome, and then go back to Madison and Milledgeville. Great efforts are being made to re-enforce Hood's army and to break up my railroads, and I should have at once a good reserve force at Nashville. It would have a bad effect if I were to be forced to send back any material part of my army to guard roads, so as to weaken me to an extent that I could not act offensively if the occasion calls for it.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

