
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 28, 1864-10. 15 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN, Atlanta, Ga.:

The pay department has its officer and funds for your army. The recent demonstrations on your line of communication make it doubtful whether funds should go forward. Shall I send them forward, or suspend them? Governor brought asks that four allotment agents of the State may go forward to receive the allotments in favor of soldiers' families. Have you any objection to their doing so? Please advise me on both points immediately.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, September 28, 1864-8. 30 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN:

It is evident, from the tone of the Richmond press and all other sources, that the enemy intend making a desperate effort to drive you from where you are. I have directed all new troops from the West, and from the East, too, if necessary, if none are ready in the West, to be sent to you. If General Burbridge is not too far on the way toward Abingdon I think he had better be recalled and his surplus troops sent into Tennessee.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 28, 1864-9. 30 p. m.

(Received 1. 10 a. m. 29th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point:

GENERAL: Your dispatch is just received. I send back to Stevenson and Decherd General Thomas, to look to Tennessee, and have ordered a brigade of the Army of the Tennessee up to Eastport, and the cavalry across to that place from Memphis, to operate against the flank of any force going into Tennessee by way of the fords near Florence. I want Appalachicola arsenal taken, also Savannah; and if the enemy does succeeded in breaking up my roads, I can fight my way across to one or the other place; but I think it better to hold on to Atlanta and strengthen to my rear, and therefore and glad you have ordered troops to Nashville. Forrest has got into Middle Tennessee, and will, I feel certain, get on my main road to- night or to-morrow; but I will guard well from this back to Chattanooga, and trust to troops coming up from Kentucky to hold Nashville and forward to Chattanooga.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ATLANTA, GA., September 28, 1864.

(Received 9. 40 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

Before my report is made public I would like you to insert a sentence at some appropriate place, to the effect that during the progress of the campaign, expeditions were kept out from Memphis and Vicksburg with a view to hold any forces of the enemy there off our roads, and

