
NASHVILLE, TENN., September 28, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta:

Forrest withdrew from Pulaski last night, and is thought to have gone across to the Chattanooga road. General Rosecrans answered me last night that A. J. Smith was confronting a rebel force twice or thrice his own, which attacked Pilot Knob yesterday morning. This morning's papers say that the attack on Pilot Knob was easily repulsed. General Steedman will return immediately. Have not heard from General Schofield. Will get three regiments from Kentucky. General Burbridge is moving east with the bulk of Kentucky troops.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 28, 1864.

General J. D. WEBSTER,

Nashville Tenn.:

General Grant telegraphs me that he has ordered many troops to Nashville. I want you to recall General Burbridge, and concentrate all the troops possible to push Forrest. I send General Thomas up to Stevenson to work from this direction. I can hold Atlanta and my communications back to Chattanooga.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ATLANTA, September 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEBSTER:

I will send up the road to-night another DIVISION, and want you to call forward from the rear all you can get, so as to make a movable column and distribute the men. Bring close in all the camps, especially that of the Thirteenth Regulars, and assign each detachment to its post. I will send Thomas up to Stevenson to operate in Forrest's rear.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 28, 1864-9. 30 p. m.

(Received 1. 15 a. m. 29th.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

No news from Atlanta. Enemy did not attack us at Pulaski this morning, but took the pike toward Fayetteville, and was pursued about nine miles by our cavalry, which did not overtake him. Rousseau is returning with his infantry to this place to get down the Chattanooga railroad in time to meet him. Do not know what Granger and Steedman's forces are doing. Lines to Knoxville, Atlanta, and Decatur are working.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

