
[Inclosure.]

CAMP LAWRENCE,

Columbus, Ky., May 25, 1864.

First Lieutenant W. P. JohnSTON,

Acting Post Adjutant:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I proceeded with the detachment of mounted men of the Thirty-fourth New Jersey Volunteers upon a scout last night according to orders. We arrived at Feliciana at daylight this morning and arrested Mr. A. G. McFadden and Doctor Lockridge. From the best information I could get Buford's cavalry, 150 to 400 strong, are in that vicinity, besides several bands of guerrillas. Deeming it not prudent with my force to proceed farther, we started to return at 9 a. m. After proceeding some distance we were overtaken by a squad of mounted guerrillas, who succeeded in capturing Private James Conover, of Company B, Thirty-fourth New Jersey Volunteers, who was straggling at the time in the rear of the command. We arrived in camp at 2 p. m.

Very respectfully,

WM. STANLEY,

Lieutenant, Commanding Scouts.

MEMPHIS, TENN., May 26, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING, Jr.,

Commanding First Cavalry Brigade, White's Station:

You will send reports by telegraph to these headquarters of any information you may obtain. You will hold your force well in hand and send out no considerable parties without orders from these headquarters. Report in person when you come to the city.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

WHITE'S STATION, May 26, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN:

I have the following just now from Major Yorke, at Collierville: The enemy is moving in force on the Macon road toward Memphis. Everything indicates an advance on three roads--Macon and two on this side of the river.

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WHITE'S STATION, May 26, 1864.

General WASHBURN:

Doctor McNally, of Walker County, Ala., has been sent in from my outposts at Collierville. He was in Tupelo when Forrest came from Tennessee and for some days after that in the vicinity, until he moved toward Corinth. Chalmers went to Grenada. Forrest was reported to have 14,000 men, including Gholson's and McGuirk's. Does not think he can have more than 8,000 or 10,000 now with him. Did not think he had so many as 14,000. At Tupelo heard that Chalmers went to

