
NASHVILLE, September 28, 1864.

Major S. HOFFMAN:

We have dispatch from General Rousseau, dated Pulaski, Tenn., 10 a. m., by courier to Buford Station, saying that Forrest left last night, moving southward, and that he will likely cross over to the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, on the south side of Elk River. About sixty yards of the track was taken up and burned twelve miles north of Pulaski. Colonel Ord [?] has been sent there, with brigade, to watch road and make repairs. Enemy has five brigades and several batteries. The general says, to resist enemy successfully, he must have more cavalry, believing it their intention to remain upon the roads as long as possible. A force is following. Our loss yesterday greater than at first stated; enemy's loss, 200.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATLANTA, GA., September 28, 1864.

Major-General ROUSSEAU, or

Major B. H. POLK:

The commanding general has received telegram-8. 30 p. m. He says all right. Let General Rousseau go by railroad as far as Shelbyville, and call his troops there, and communicate with General Thomas, at Tullahoma. General Morgan's DIVISION, Fourteenth Army Corps, will be at Tullahoma as soon as possible. Answer immediately.

SOUTHARD HOFFMAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, September 28, 1864.

Major-General MILROY,

Chattanooga:

The rebel force left Pulaski last night, going south. Look out for them.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 28, 1865.

Major General G. H. THOMAS:

Dispatch received. Colonel Krzyzanowski, commanding at the tunnel, 350 men; Colonel Mayhew, commanding at Elk River bridge, 360 men and 2 pieces of artillery. I have at this place 422 infantry, 207 dismounted cavalry, 248 cavalry mounted, 90 artillerymen, and 9 pieces of artillery in fort. At Duck River bridge I have 150 men in fort and stockade, with 1 piece of artillery. From Forrest's position, the composition of his forces, the geography of the country, and his success on the other road, I feel pretty sure he will strike this road soon north of tunnel. I have just ordered up to this place, from Stevenson, 700 men of the 1,200 that arrived there yesterday.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

