
NASHVILLE, TENN., September 28, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General MILROY,

Tullahoma:

A dispatch from General Rousseau, dated at Pulaski, 10 a. m., says Forrest left there last night, going south. The general thinks Forrest may go over on south side of Elk River to Tullahoma. He is almost sure the enemy will strike your road. The road has been torn up for about sixty yards twelve miles north of Pulaski. A brigade is now there making repairs. General Rousseau will have a force follow Forrest. Give me information as soon as your road is attacked, if that is done.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 28, 1864-4. 10 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have ordered up 700 more troops hare from Stevenson out of 1,200 that arrived there yesterday. I did this because I am very sure that any attack made by Forrest on this road will be north of the tunnel. My commissary has telegraphed for a supply of rations, and I respectfully request that you will order train with a proper guard to bring the rations down here. General Van Cleve will furnish the guard from Murfreesborough.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, September 28, 1864.

(Received 8. 45 p. m.)

Major-General MILROY:

General Rousseau telegraphs from Pulaski at 5 p. m. that the enemy has certainly gone over to your road. He will send his infantry around this way by rail, his cavalry goes to Wartrace or Normandy. A train leaves here at 10 p. m. with fourteen cars of rations, one- half of which is for you. I have telegraphed General Van Cleve not to send the train from Murfreesborough if considered unsafe, unless your order it.

P. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, September 28, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just received the following dispatch from Colonel Sipes, commanding Columbia:

A party of 300 rebels reported to be moving on the road between this and Franklin. Look out for them.

I will send a party that way immediately.

J. B. PARK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

