HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,East Point, Ga., September 28, 1864.

Captain WHITEHEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A rebel deserter, a private of the First Missouri, of Stewart's corps, who left their army yesterday, and has just arrived here, confirms the report sent in last night as to the position of the rebel army, to wit: Stewart on their left, with his left flank at or near the Chattahoochee, then Lee in the center, and Hardee on the right; their line crossing the railroad one mile and a half east of Palmetto Station. That they appear to be in a permanent camp with works; also that there is a rumor that they are going to the Blue Mountain. He says also that Jeff. Davis was with the army day before yesterday, and said the army must winter in Tennessee. This latter he knew only by rumor. I learn also from deserters, escaped prisoners, and contrabands that the rebels are removing everything from the Macon line, including the iron of the road, to that point or below it. The refugees and citizens are moving also to that point, taking their negroes and movables. This has caused within the past two days several arrivals here of contraband families.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. HAZEN,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 28, 1864.

General CORSE,

Rome:

GENERAL: Send word to Judge Wright that Messrs. Hill and Foster, of Madison, Ga., desire to meet him. They will reach Rome by the cars about Thursday.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ROME, September 28, 1864.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Commanding:

Yours of this date received. Judge Wright has been sent for.

JOHN M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ROME, September 28, 1864.

Captain L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp:

Major Hughes, with the Ninth Illinois Mounted Infantry, arrived this morning. He struck the enemy at Van Wert; drove them through the town, captured 5 prisoners and 12 horses. The major reports that Hardee crossed his entire corps and was moving on Blue Mountain. Armstrong's brigade passed south through Dallas Sunday morning.

JNO M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

