
MEMPHIS, TENN., September 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General HATCH, White's Station:

Prepare your command for a ten days' scout. Arrange to take wagons enough to carry, in connection with your pack train, the days' rations and 150 rounds of ammunition. Be in readiness to move upon one hour's notice.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., September 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General HATCH, White's Station:

Leave for camp guard the least effective portion of your command, and if it be necessary I will send a regiment from here to White's Station to remain during your absence.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 263. Washington, September 28, 1864.

I. By direction of the President of the United States, Major General Joseph Hooker is assigned to the command of the Northern Department. He will immediately proceed to Columbus, Ohio, and relieve Major-General Heintzelman.

II. Major-General Heitzelman, on being relieved in command of the Northern Department, will repair to Wheeling, W. Va., report thence by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army, and there wait until he receives orders.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 28, 1864.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER, U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: You will receive herewith orders assigning you to the command of the Northern Department, embracing the States of Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, headquarters at Columbus, Ohio. You will proceed immediately, relieving General Heintzelman and assuming command of this department. To the following points your attention is directed:

First. To the security of the prisoners of war at the various camps within your department, and to the proper police regulation and economical administration of those camps. Your especial attention will be directed to the proper defense of the camps at Johnston's Island, in which rebel prisoners are confined. You are aware that repeated efforts have been made by rebels in Canada to liberate these prisoners, and although unsuccessful hitherto, they will, no doubt, be repeated; and particular attention and vigilance on the part of yourself and your subordinates will be requisite to guard against surprise.

Second. The northern frontier on the lakes will require attention to guard against any hostile descent that may be made by rebel pirates and marauders from Canada. You will diligently inspect all points

