
exposed to danger on that frontier, and make such suggestions to this Department and adopt such measures as in your judgment may be necessary to afford adequate protection.

THIRD. The frontier on the Ohio will also require attention. During the past spring the Department authorized the construction of some gun-boats to run on the Ohio River, with a view of protecting the northern shore from invasion by rebel parties approaching through Western Virginia or Kentucky; you will please examine into the condition of these vessels, and also ascertain what means of defense may, according to the circumstances continually changing and occurring, be required for the protection of your command.

Fourth. The draft. No one is better aware than yourself of the vast importance of re-enforcing the armies now in the field by new troops. The draft is now in progress in all the States of your department. You will please to exercise inspection and supervision over this subject, urging the officers upon whom the draft is devolved to the utmost diligence in the performance of their duties in getting the men forward to the field. In order to stimulate this important branch of the service, it is desirable that you should visit Indianapolis, Springfield, Chicago, Cleveland, and such other parts and districts of your department as are either backward or in any degree opposed to bearing their proportion of the military burden of the draft. Apprehensions are entertained by the Governors of some of the States in your department that organized bodies have been formed for the purpose of resisting the draft or preventing its enforcement by force of arm. You will employ your diligence in ascertaining whether these apprehensions are well founded or not, and will adopt such precautionary measures as may be necessary to meet the emergency. Your well known energy and devotion to the service may render very important aid to the Government at that crisis in animating the public spirit, encouraging volunteering, and overcoming tedious delays in getting the men forward to the field. It is hoped that no exertion on your part will be spared in reference to this most important subject.

Fifth. Your department has been divided into military districts, of which the State of Illinois constitutes one, under the command of Brigadier-General Paine, and the State of Indiana another, under the command of Brevet Major-General Hovey. The immediate command of the other States has been hitherto exercised by Major-General Heintzelman, your predecessor in the department. If it should become necessary, a general officer of subordinate rank will be assigned to duty within the department upon your request.

Sixth. The quartermaster and commissary depots at Cincinnati are under the immediate command of the chief of their respective departments, and your duty in respect to them will be confined to affording such protection and security as may from time to time, at their request, be desired. There is also a depot at Gallipolis, belonging to the Department of Western Virginia, but situated on the north side of the Ohio. A force is there for its protection. At the earliest possible moment you will ascertain whether the force is sufficient for the security of that depot, and will so notify this Department.

Finally, you will communicate to this Department, by telegraph or mail, through the Adjutant-General, upon all subjects in respect to which you need instructions or assistance, keeping the Department advised from time to time of the state of your command.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

