
ATLANTA, GA., September 29, 1864-9 a. m.

(Received 4. 30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

It is not safe, and never will be, across this road of ours, for the guerrillas will know sooner than I when the paymasters leave Nashville. The even know when a single one is expected. It is plain to me that the money should be left in some safe place, and the soldiers paid in checks, just like any sensible business man would do. If the money comes to the front, of course I will to permit each State to have agents to take it back, and all the express companies, and even the women, will have to come, to be sure they get their share. I know officers and men prefer to be paid in checks, and I cannot imagine why the paymasters insist on the folly of bringing money. I renew my request that the paymasters be ordered at once to come and pay this army with checks on New York, and to bring along one-eighth in greenbacks for change.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

ATLANTA, GA., September 29, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

(Received 7 p. m. 30th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have now effected the actual exchange of 2,000 prisoners of my own army. General Stoneman will be here to-morrow, and Colonel Harrison is already in. Our prisoners have been moved from Andersonville to Savannah, Millen, and Charleston. Any change will be for the better. I have agreed with Hood to send to Griffin, to be forwarded to our prisoners, a supply of clothing, soap, combs, &amp;c. The latter will be furnished by the Sanitary Commission, and the former by the quartermaster. I take it for granted that Forrest will cut our road, but I think we can prevent his making a serious lodgment. His cavalry will travel a hundred miles in less time than ours will ten. I have sent two DIVISIONS up to Chattanooga, and one to Rome, and Thomas started to-day to clear out Tennessee; but our road should be watched from the rear, and I am glad General Grant has ordered reserves for me to Nashville. I prefer for the future to make the movement on Milledgeville, Millen, and Savannah River. Hood now rests twenty-four miles south, his left on the Chattahoochee, and his right on the WEST Point road. He is removing the iron of the Macon road. I can whip his infantry, but his cavalry is to be feared.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, September 29, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Louisville, Ky.:

General Sherman's order to me was to call you back. We send no trains out on the Chattanooga road to-day. The wires are down, and it is probable Forrest is near that line. You cannot go to the front for some days probably.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

