HDQRS. CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Atlanta, Ga., September 29, 1864.

Major JENNINGS,

Seventh Pennsylvania Cav., Commanding, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Cav. Div.:

You will proceed without delay to Sweet Water Creek, watch the movement of the rebel cavalry reported in that vicinity, co-operate with General Kilpatrick, commanding THIRD DIVISION Cavalry, and receive such instructions from him as may be sent you.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Between Marietta and Roswell, September 29, 1864.

[Captain LEVI T. GRIFFIN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:]

CAPTAIN: Since our arrival here yesterday morning nothing of importance has occurred. One of the men of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry, who was captured on the 25th instant, escaped on the next day and has returned to the command. He reports having been carried that night to Cumming, via Alpharetta. On the way he passed through different squads of the rebels in tens, twenties, and fifties, numbering in all at least 1,000. He appears to be quite positive as to their numbers. In one camp they had 200, probably the same party which attacked our forage train the next day. The most of them were dressed in our uniforms. He was taken before Colonel Hill, Sixth Texas Cavalry [Thirty-fifth Tennessee Infantry], who has his headquarters about five miles this side of Cumming, and there closely questioned. Colonel Hill, who commands the forces there, appeared to be well acquainted with our numbers and position. Citizens report that a part of the force was to move toward Dalton on Tuesday. I have forwarded to General Elliott's headquarters and to Captain McBurney all reports due to this date.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. H. JENNINGS,

Major, Commanding First Brigade.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the chief of cavalry.

I do not think the force so large. A party crossed at Canton the day I left Acworth, and some 200 were scattered through the country, and citizens said they were to concentrate for an attack on the railroad. I had men in Canton and near Alpharetta; they saw signs, but it is difficult to catch irregular cavalry who line on the country. The only way is to have sufficient force to send patrols and small parties along roads a few hours apart, and when they imagine every one is passed, one of the rear parties run on them.

K. GARRARD.

