
COLUMBIA, September 29, 1864-4. 20 a. m.

Major POLK:

Forrest took the Fayetteville road and will probably strike Elk River bridge. Will be in Nashville by 6 a. m. Repulsed Forrest at Pulaski, with loss of about 200 to him. The trains are heavy and managed badly. Our cavalry has gone, via Shelbyville, to Wartrace or Tullahoma. Hope to join them, and strike Forrest at once.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

NASHVILLE, September 29, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

I have just arrived here. Have sent trains out, water the horses, and let the men get their breakfast, and shall go to Shelbyville, as directed by you; have been culpably delayed, but shall try and make it up. I have heard nothing from Croxton since last evening. Road and wires all right to Pulaski and to Tullahoma.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 29, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

The infantry, artillery, and First Michigan Engineers, which have been at Stevenson for some time, number 500. I have withdrawn the Forty-fourth Indiana from there to this point, deeming it necessary, under the circumstances, and will therefore have to look to you to protect Stevenson in the event of a threatened attack there.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

The above was addressed to Brigadier-General Newton. I send you copy.

S. B. MOE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 29, 1864-7. 15 p. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS, Chattanooga:

My scouts from McMinnville yesterday report Williams has been at Sinking Cane, twenty-three miles north of Sparta, and a straggling soldier of Fifth Tennessee Cavalry reports to-day that his company, which has been stationed at McMinnville, was driven out of that place last night by Williams, and went toward Murfreesborough. I have not heard of the company and doubt this. The track was torn up and wire cut three miles north of here this morning at 4 o'clock by about thirty rebels from Forrest's forces. I had the wire and track repaired in a few hours and trains have been passing from here to Nashville to-day. The wire was cut between Decherd and Elk River bridge about the same time. A cavalry scouting party sent WEST this morning met a rebel cavalry force eleven miles from here on the Fayetteville road at 2 p. m., and returned after slight skirmishing without determining whether it was the advance of a column. I sent out a large party at 6 o'clock with orders to feel the enemy's force, but have not yet heard

