
from it. General Rousseau is coming with seven trains of troops and is about Wartrace now; his cavalry is coming across from Pulaski to Duck River. I sent a train with provisions and ammunition to the troops at the tunnel and Anderson, and it has passed Cowan. I judge that Forrest's main force is coming up the road south of Elk River to Winchester. I sent a cavalry scout to Winchester and to Manchester this evening. I sent for the rations your ordered and they arrived here this morning.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

COLUMBIA, September 29, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK:

I have information that Biffle moved on the Northwestern railroad with near 1,000 men; also that Wheeler moved up the south side of Tennessee River and captured Decatur, and from there moved on Huntsville. He is said to have two Georgia brigades. The balance of his force is with Forrest. Keep me posted as to what is going on.

JOHN C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.

PULASKI, September 29, 1864.

Major POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Spalding has just arrived; followed enemy out on Fayetteville pike with his advance sixteen miles. Reports their wounded sent across the river with the captured men; that their bridges at river all held by a strong force. Will have him shoe up, reissue ammunition and rations, be held ready for any emergency. Rebel soldiers state that Forrest intends remaining in Middle Tennessee. Can Colonel Loomis send me three heavy guns at once by rail?

W. B. SIPES,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE OHIO,Knoxville, Tenn., September 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMMEN,

Commanding District of East Tennessee, Bull's Gap or Greeneville:

You will get the following order through to General Burbridge, if possible:

NASHVILLE, September 28, 1864-2 p. m.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Recall General Burbridge, with his forces, to come to this city or the nearest convenient point on the Louisville and Nashville Railroad.

W. T. SHERMAN,

By J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

Acknowledge receipt and report as soon as General Burbridge has received the order. I do not know that he has this.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

G. M. BASCOM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

