
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 4. Rome, Ga., September 29, 1864.

The undersigned having assumed command of all the U. S. forces in and about Rome, Ga., makes the following announcement for the benefit and information of the command:

I. Major Edward S. Johnson, Seventh Illinois Infantry Veteran Volunteers, will be obeyed and respected as post commandant, and will at once enter upon the discharge of his duties, exercising a general supervision over the provost, hospital, bridge, and all interior guards, establishing such regulations for their government and control as in his judgment may be for the security, peace, and good order of the post. He will also have control over the markets, three of which will be established near the picket-line as follows: One between the Coosa and Oostenaula, one between the Etowah and Coosa, and one between the Oostenaula and Etowah Rivers, to which citizens may bring vegetables, fruits, and meats, and there dispose of them to the officers and soldiers of this command.

II. The fortifications, bridges, and their construction will be under the supervision of the engineer officer at these headquarters, who will hereafter be announced.

III. The armament, guns, batteries, and defense of the different forts are hereby placed under control of Captain Frederick Welker, chief of artillery.

* * * * * * *

JNO M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ATLANTA, September 29, 1864.

General John E. SMITH,

Cartersville:

You cannot be too particular about Allatoona and about the Pumpkin Vine; it is reported Hood is about passing the Chattahoochee to the west, and I will watch him and see if he will cross over to the Selma road or try to get on our road.

W. T. SHARMAN,

Major-General.

DECATUR, September 29, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Your dispatch received. We should have been very glad to have seen you. I have a brigade of infantry out toward Stone Mountain to-day covering a foraging party and making a reconnaissance. A regiment of cavalry accompanies them. An escort for a train had a skirmish yesterday with about 200 rebel cavalry five miles out on the Covington road. The rebels were driven off, losing 3 killed and a few wounded. We had 1 killed and 3 wounded. This is the largest hostile party we have heard of this side of Stone Mountain.

J. D. COX,

Brigadier-General.

