
MEMPHIS, September 29, 1864.

Major General O. O. HOWARD:

Yours of the 27th received. I have not infantry that I can send to Eastport. Your staff officer not arrived. I shall send all my cavalry, about 3,000, to-morrow in pursuit of Forrest to Middle Tennessee. As I believe he will press north, shall cross in Decatur County, unless advised to the contrary.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,Memphis, Tenn., September 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRIERSON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have ordered General Hatch to be ready to move tomorrow morning with ten days' rations and full supply of ammunition with his entire force. Order as large a force from the Second DIVISION as can be spared, leaving enough for patrol duty here, with ten days' rations and full supply of ammunition.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Vicksburg,Vicksburg, Miss., September 29, 1864.

Colonel GILCHRIST:

COLONEL: You can embark with 500 infantry and a section of artillery for the purpose of co-operating with a considerable force of cavalry and artillery under the command of Colonel E. D. Osband. Your movements will, therefore, necessarily be controlled by those of Colonel Osband's force. The intention is for Colonel Osband to land his whole force either at Grand Gulf or Bruinsburg, [as] circumstances may induce him to elect. Immediately on landing he will move into the interior, his flotilla proceeding to Natchez, with the exception of such as he may deem necessary to remain with you for the purpose of landing you at Rodney, of receiving on board all of his captures, &c., and bringing them with your force back here again. As soon as Colonel Osband notifies you at Grand Gulf or Bruinsburg, as the case may be, you will then immediately proceed to Rodney and land your force, taking up a secure position, covering your transportation and holding the place, you will throw out your pickets and scouts and make everything safe against surprise or attack, you will seize all cotton and other products within safe reach not belonging to Government lessees, and at once load them on your transports; also all serviceable horses, mules, and beef cattle, together with such recruits for colored troops as you may be able to find. Colonel Osband's force will drive into Rodney all such property, prisoners, &c., as he may find between his landing place and there, and you will receive it and load it as quickly as possible, after which, so soon as the force which drives it into Rodney has left again for the interior, you will without delay return to this post, unload your transport as rapidly as possible and send her back again to Natchez without delay, to meet Colonel Osband's force there. You will then see that all the property you bring home is turned over to the chief quartermaster and chief commissary,

