
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS POST CAMP DOUGLAS,Chicago, Ill., September 27, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. PAINE, Commanding, Springfield, Ill.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to respectfully report that the principal subjects of discussion at the meeting of the Sons of Liberty in this city, held on the night of Thursday, the 22nd instant, were the draft and the ultimate design of the order. On the subject of the draft it was arranged that there should be no general resistance, but the grand senior stated that if any brother should be drafted, by reporting to him within three days, such brother should be taken care of, ample arrangements for such purpose having been provided. The reason given why it was desirable not to resist the draft was, that such resistance would materially interfere with the main design of this organization, which was stated to be: In the event of the re-election of Mr. Lincoln to seize the Government, if possible, and raise an insurrection in the Northwestern States-being a repetition of statements made at former meetings. In answer to a fear expressed that the organization would not be sufficiently strong to resist the draft or accomplish other purposes, a member of the State council, who was present, stated that there were 80,000 fighting men ready on call in the State of Illinois alone; that they were in fighting condition, and that in this city all was arranged so that, if desirable, at any moment, by signal, they can command men enough "to send Chicago to hell in a hand basket. " The argument run thus: It Lincoln is reelected, it will be by fraud and intimidation at the polls; that he probably will be elected, and that such election will not be binding upon the people, who will then rise in their might and overthrow the usurpation. In addition to this report of the proceedings of that meeting, I have to inform you that, through my detective, Judge Buck Morris, who is the treasurer of this Temple of the Sons of Liberty, has been found active in aiding and attempting to aid prisoners of war to escape from this camp, and that I have now money and clothing in my possession furnished by him in the night to a supposed prisoner of war from this camp, and that Judge Morris urged this man to remain in this city so as to help carry out his purpose.

If in your judgment it shall become wise or necessary at any time between now and election to arrest the officers and members of the Temple, when in session, and seize their records, it can be done. The Government can make a good case against Morris, independent of his connection with the Sons of Liberty.

Without doubt the officers and members of this organization exaggerate its strength for evil, though probably they are nearly correct as to the number of names on its rolls. They are constantly increasing by the formation of new temples and initiations into old ones, and its leading men seem to be very active. General, you are perhaps better able to judge than myself to what extent their power for mischief goesart them. In my opinion an exhibition of strength and determination, opportunely made by the Government, in arresting the leaders and influential men, would do much to weaken the organization, prevent its growth, and neutralize its effect, as well as it may be, to prevent thousands of ignorant people from becoming victims and supporters of treasonable conspiracy.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. J. SWEET,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

