
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel B. H. HILL,

Detroit, Mich.:

The following telegram has been sent to His Excellency the Governor:

There is an urgent need that every enlisted man be hurried forward to Nashville, to guard General Sherman's communications, without an hour's delay. You will please turn over all that have been enlisted for your new regiments to Colonel Hill, to be consolidated and sent forward.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

The foregoing is in reply to your telegram of yesterday.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, September 30, 1864-1 p. m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

I have just seen the Paymaster-General in regard to your telegrams, that your army be mostly paid in checks on New York, and find that about one-half must be paid in the seven-thirty loan, which, not being a legal tender by law, cannot be deposited and checked against. A part of the other half, however, will be deposited in New York and Louisville, so that those who want checks can have them to that amount. You are mistaken in supposing that such checks are any safer for transmission than bonds or greenbacks, as they must be drawn to bearer. It would be impossible for the sub- treasurers to verify signatures to order checks in such payments. This matter has been fully discussed with the Treasury Department, and everything admissible by the law and the nature of the funds to be used will be done to carry out your wishers. Dispatch just received from General Foster states that our prisoners at Macon and Andersonville have been removed to the vicinity of Charleston and Savannah, for fear of your raids.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, September 30, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta:

Only one Kentucky regiment has arrived here of three ordered. We can hold this city against any number yet reported. Numbers of rebels reported on south side of Tennessee River, trying to cross. There must be somewhere a large force over what Forrest has now with him. The infantry can defend road, but cavalry is needed to catch the raiders.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., September 30, 1864-11 p. m.

Major T. T. ECKERT:

General Thomas arrived at Tullahoma and assumed charge of operations to-day. Forrest is still near Fayetteville. Several small parties

