
are breaking wires and doing other light damage on line of Chattanooga road, but no serious attempt has been made to destroy it. All our lines working to Atlanta, Knoxville, Decatur, and Pulaski, with frequent stops, which delay, but do not prevent, communication.

J. C. VAN DUZER.

CHATTANOOGA,

September 30, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

I find this place crowded with officers and soldiers on leave and furlough. No more should be allowed to leave Atlanta until the road is reported clear to Nashville. From what I can learn about Forrest I think I will have to send General Morgan's DIVISION to Tullahoma. I will know more in a few hours and before the DIVISION can start from here.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Atlanta, Ga., September 30, 1864-11 a. m.

Major General G. H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Your dispatch is received. I have notified all army commanders to stop furloughs. Give orders to keep the telegraph line, via Knoxville and Cumberland Gap, in good order. There is no doubt some of Hood's infantry is across the Chattahoochee, but I don's think his whole army is across. If he moves his whole force to Blue Mountain, you watch him from the direction of Stevenson, and I will do the same from Rome, and as soon as all things are ready I will take advantage of his opening to me all of Georgia.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA,

September 30, 1864-12. 30 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Atlanta:

My latest news up to 10 a. m. is that Forrest was at Lynchburg,

and Milroy's scout reported that he heard some of Forrest's officers say that they would attack the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad to-day and destroy it north, as they did the other.

I am getting Morgan's troops arranged, and hope he will reach there to-night. If Forrest does not break the road to-day, I hope it will be secured by to-night. Granger's information confirms Milroy's as to Forrest's position last night. I have heard from Rousseau at Wartrace, his cavalry to his front and right, observing Forrest's movement. He also reports Forrest at Lynchburg.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

