
CHATTANOOGA, TENN., September 30, 1864-3 p. m.

Brigadier-General GRANGER,

Huntsville or Decatur:

It is reported to me that the garrisons of the block-houses between Stevenson and Decatur are without rations. You should attend to them at once.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

HUNTSVILLE, September 30, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS,

Chattanooga, Tenn.:

The enemy has appeared before this place and demanded its surrender. I have no idea of his force, but it is undoubtedly that seen to-day twelve miles toward New Market, General Buford commanding. Re-enforcements should be sent here with as little delay as practicable. I have here all the available force, but not sufficient to act offensively. The force of the enemy is as near as we can ascertain 4,000, with artillery; but the quality we know nothing about.

R. S. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[SEPTEMBER 30, 1864. -For correspondence between Buford, Johnson, Granger, and Forrest, relative to surrender of Huntsville, Ala., see Part I, p. 516.]

NASHVILLE, September 30, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

General Rousseau, with his infantry, was at Christiana at 6 p. m. yesterday; since then the lines have been down between this and Murfreesborough, and nothing has been heard from him. The last accounts place Forrest at Fayetteville on the evening of the 28th. I have directed General Starkweather to keep out scouts and learn all he can. A repairing party has been sent to put up the wires, if possible.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MURFREESBOROUGH, September 30, 1864.

Major-General THOMAS:

Just arrived here; will leave soon. I understand that the road will not bear the trains, and we will have to march from Wartrace. General Milroy's scouts report rebels at Lynchburg this morning, supposed to be the advance of Forrest-that is on the direct road from Fayetteville to Tullahoma, and fourteen miles from Tullahoma. As we can't go on the cars to Shelbyville we will halt at Wartrace, as it will be after dark when we arrive there. At that point I will await further orders. I will communicate with cavalry from Wartrace, and have it in supporting distance.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

