HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, September 30, 1864-9. 15 p. m.

Major General L. H. ROUSSEAU, Tullahoma:

All you have done is perfectly satisfactory and is well. Your last dispatch indicates to me that Forrest is falling back again into Tennessee. Keep the country filled with your scouts, and if this be so, you will inform me at the earliest moment.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

TULLAHOMA, September 30, 1864-7. 15 p. m.

Major B. H. POLK:

Your dispatch received. The best information is that Forrest has gone back from Lynchburg, perhaps toward Pulaski, though it is not certain where he has gone. Telegraph this to General Starkweather and Colonel Sipes. Tell General Starkweather to send scouting parties well out on the Fayetteville and other roads in that direction, and to put his rations and a supply of water in his fort. I will get advice from General Thomas as to the disposition of the Kentucky troops, and telegraph you. Show this telegram to Generals Webster and Miller.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 30, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Thomas says the main body of the troops from Kentucky will go to Murfreesborough. When they arrive detach a sufficient number to guard block-houses on the line from Mill Creek to Wartrace, inclusive. He says tell General Starkweather to be firm and cool. Nothing further of Forrest. Have sent out scouts in every direction.

L. H. ROUSSEAU,

Major-General.

TULLAHOMA, September 30, 1864-11 a. m.

Major-General THOMAS:

From information received from a scout who was at Lynchburg yesterday with Forrest's forces I think it pretty certain that Forrest himself was there; last night the scout heard some of Forrest's own officers say that they would strike this railroad at Decherd to-day and destroy it north, as they had the other road from Athens. I will hear from my cavalry in a few hours, where they are, and let you know, if the telegraph lines hold out.

R. H. MILROY,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, September 30, 1864.

Major General R. H. MILROY, Tullahoma:

Oppose the enemy as much as possible. General Morgan will be at Decherd with his DIVISION by to-night, I hope.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

