
NASHVILLE, TENN., September 30, 1864-8. 30 p. m.

Brigadier-General STARKWEATHER,

Pulaski:

General Rousseau telegraphs from Tullahoma at 7. 15 p. m. that the best information is that Forrest has gone back from Lynchburg toward Pulaski, though it is not certain where he has gone. The general directs that you send scouting parties well out on the Fayetteville and other roads in that direction, and that you put your rations and a supply of water in the fort. Will keep you advised.

B. H. POLK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PULASKI, September 30, 1864.

Major POLK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have sent out scouting parties as directed. Others were out when dispatch was received, and secret service scouts had been gone a long time. Colonel Jackson's regiment passed, going to Forrest, to- day below Sulphur Branch trestle. Parties of scouts infest all the roads. I received dispatch from General Rousseau saying that he would be at Tullahoma; his dispatch was from Wartrace, and I had to communicate with him there. Quite a number of my escaped men are coming in. No other news. I sent you long dispatch to-day giving all information. I had sent copy to General Rousseau.

JNO C. STARKWEATHER,

Brigadier-General.

COLUMBIA, September 30, 1864.

Major POLK:

Forrest's men have been passing between here and Shelbyville since yesterday noon; they are scattered so as to cover the entire country within eight miles of Columbia, and report that they are making for the Chattanooga railroad by way of Shelbyville. The intention no doubt is to strike the road at all points between Decherd and Wartrace or even farther. They are sweeping the country of horses and men.

W. B. SIPES,

Colonel.

COLUMBIA, September 30, 1864.

Major POLK:

I have had scouts in every direction for ten to fifteen miles, and can learn of no enemy, except small squads. Those I mentioned this morning were east of me, but were detached squads, who appeared to be collecting conscripts and horses. They claimed to be on Forrest's left. This would throw his main force at or below Shelbyville. My opinion is that he crossed by way of Fayetteville, and will be heard of at Huntsville or Decherd. There appears to be a force of consequence southwest of me. A report brought by a citizen this evening is to the effect that some 700 rebels crossed Duck River near Williamsport this afternoon, going north. I do not place full confidence in it.

WM. B. SIPES,

Colonel.

