
thought I might, as I could see he would not like to divide his authority. General Brayman, residing at Cairo, sent me the following, inclosed in a note, to-day:

WASHINGTON, May 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General BRAYMAN,

Cairo:

General Washburn telegraphs that Forrest is collecting a large cavalry force at Corinth and Tupelo. Possibly he may attack Columbus and Paducah again. Prepare for him.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Thus representing General Brayman as commander of the district. Doctor Lockridge, one of the persons arrested by the scout to Feliciana as a hostage for Terrell, says that Terrell will be released if he was taken by regular Kentucky cavalry, but if he was taken by guerrillas he is already killed. Probably Doctor L. was released on account of his age, &amp;c., the doctor having made that remark--he is farther-in-law of Honorable Mr. Anderson, M. C., from this district--was questioned by Colonel Lawrence, as to the position of the regular cavalry, who could only learn from him that he knows regular cavalry are in the country, but does not know their number, designation, or position. The telegraph repairers at work on the line to Cairo having asked for a guard while working Colonel Lawrence sent 100 infantry. They left here on the 24th instant. They report that they arrived to-day and went into camp at Blandville. He says it is rumored through this town that two or more regiments Confederate troops are at or near Mayfield, commanded by General Buford. A party of Confederate cavalry passed through here the first of this week. In case it is necessary for the command to proceed to Cairo, can transportation be furnished me at that place to enable me to return by boat to Columbus? Previous to receiving this Colonel Lawrence had sent out orders for him to return to-night to Columbus. It is not worth while to risk little parties of that kind. A report is also just received from Island 10. The work is going on with all the speed compatible with the safety of the guns and men. I have loaded five 32-pounders on the barge, and the men this morning are dismantling the last battery, two 32-pounders. When these two pieces are embarked, which will be accomplished by retreat, the hardest work will be over and the progress more rapid. This island is secure against 2,000, and it will be a dear experiment for any force to attempt to land here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

WHITE'S STATION, May 27, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN:

Major Yorke says the enemy bothered him a little last night. They are off in the direction of Coldwater and Holly Springs. Moses left Collierville at 3 a. m.

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

