
MARIETTA, September 30, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

Deserters and citizens report the following: Hood, with his army in three columns, crossed the Chattahoochee on Sunday last at Campbellton, above and below. Citizens on their line of march told them that the soldiers (rebel) said they were going to Rome. I have sent scout in that direction and will soon hear from there. All quiet here.

J. McARTHUR,

Brigadier-General.

ROME, September 30, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN:

The judge [Wright] is here waiting for the two gentlemen [Hill and Foster]. He reports Hood's army across the Chattahoochee, a portion at Villa Rica, all moving on Blue Mountain; their cavalry at Carrollton.

JNO M. CORSE,

Brigadier-General.

INSPECTOR'S OFFICE,

SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Marietta, Ga., September 30, 1864.

Captain J. C. MARVEN,

Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Fourth DIVISION, 17th Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: Since my last regular report some changes have been made in the disposition of the troops of this command. They are now stationed as follows: The Veteran Battalion Forty-first Illinois Infantry, at this place; Thirty-second Illinois Infantry at the water-tank between Kenesaw Mountain and Big Shanty. Two companies of the Veteran Battalion Fourteenth and Fifteenth Illinois Infantry, are at Big Shanty, one at Moon's Station, and the remaining three at Acworth. Numerous squads of rebel cavalry have been in the vicinity during the past two weeks. They have succeeded in tearing up a small portion of the railroad twice and captured and burned one train. Numerous parties have been sent out from the command to intercept and punish the marauders, but, with the exception of one instance, have been unsuccessful. A small party of mounted men from the Veteran Battalion Fourteenth and Fifteenth Illinois Infantry came up with a much larger number of mules. The loss from the battalion was 1 man killed. The sanitary condition of the command is excellent.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. LUKE,

Captain and A. A. I. G., Second Brigadier, Fourth Div., 17th Army Corps.

OFFICER ACTING ASSISTANT INSPECTOR-GENERAL,

Columbus, Ky., September 30, 1864.

Captain L. S. LAMBERT, Actg. Asst. Insp. General, Dis. of Western Ky.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to transmit the following statements of troops, fortifications, &amp;c., at this post:

The entire effective strength of this command is as follows: FIFTY-two commissioned officers, and 1,258 enlisted men. This force consists of the One hundred and forty-first Illinois Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Stephen Bronson; the Fourth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, commanded

