
by Lieutenant Colonel Peter P. Dobozy, and Battery B, Second Illinois Light Artillery, commanded by Lieutenant Thomas E. Dawson. The effective strength of each of these commands is as follows: One hundred and forty-first Illinois Volunteers, 27 commissioned officers and 605 enlisted men; Fourth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, 22 commissioned officers, 587 enlisted men; Battery B, Second Illinois Light Artillery, 3 commissioned officers, 66 enlisted men. Since last report the One hundred and thirty-sixth Illinois, 100-days' volunteers, have been ordered away to be mustered out of the service. The One hundred and forty-first Illinois Volunteers will leave on first boat to be mustered out of the service by order of General Meredith. Three companies of the Fourth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery are absent by order of General Meredith. When the One hundred and forty-first shall have left there will remain to garrison the two forts, perform the picket, also the provost duty of the city, only nine companies of the Fourth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery and Battery B, Second Illinois Light Artillery. With this force it will be utterly impossible to maintain an effective picket-line around this post, and without a greater force the post will certainly, considering the present condition of the guns of the forts, also small-arms of the Fourth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, be in a very precarious situation in case of an attack. There are several valuable public buildings at this post that might fall an easy prey to the enemy's torch in case the number of guards are reduced, as they must be without a greater force.

The inventory and inspection reports of the arms of the Fourth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery have returned approved, the arms are ordered to be turned over to ordnance officer; this order will be obeyed as soon as other arms can be obtained. Colonel McArthur, commanding post, has sent a lieutenant of his regiment with instructions to procure arms. Battery B, reported in my last as deficient in harness, has now a new outfit, except that they are somewhat reduced in numbers; they are an efficient battery. Having so recently sent you a report in full of all the mounted guns in the forts I presume it is unnecessary to give it here, except to say that a few of them have been remounted and new platforms constructed. The work of reconstruction will be vigorously prosecuted until completed, provided the forces employed can be retained. In my next supplementary I will give a report in full of the repairs made. The picket duty of the post is being very completely performed. The court-martial, of which I made mention in my last, has adjourned. The military prison is still in bad condition. The roof is very poor. Captain Shaw, in charge of prison, has been unable to procure material to finish it with. The post and other hospitals are in excellent condition. The general appearance and condition of camps and clothing in these commands are very good. The company books of the One hundred and forty-first Illinois Volunteers have been rather badly kept. Sutlers conduct their business in conformity with Army Regulations and orders. The city police is very effective; discipline of these commands very good.

In my last report the authority for the absence of a few commanding officers was not given. I find by inquiry since made that they were absent by orders of General Prince and Paine, but the adjutants of those regiments were at fault in not preserving a file of those orders, and hence were unable to account for them as required.

Hoping this may be satisfactory, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. BIGGART,

First Lieutenant Eighth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, and

Acting Assistant Inspector-General, Post of Columbus, Ky.

