
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Abingdon, May 1, 1864.

Brigadier General A. E. JACKSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that the orders now in process of execution will leave in the Department of East Tennessee no infantry save the small force constituting your present command. If you are threatened it will be impossible to re-enforce you until the arrival of General Vaughn's brigade, which has been recalled from North Carolina. In view of these facts, you should be prepared, if unable to hold your present position, to fall back upon Zollicoffer, or a point still farther in this direction, if necessary. The cavalry under your orders should be employed in scouting well to your front and also toward Cumberland Gap, so as to give you timely notice of an advance of the enemy. The major-general commanding is relieved from duty in this department, and Brigadier General W. E. Jones will assume command in a day or two. That officer will most probably communicate to you most explicit instructions.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

J. N. GALLEHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, May 1, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Richmond:

GENERAL: General Polk has been actively engaged in the reconstruction of the railroads in this State. The Mobile and Ohio road is now in running order to Baldwyn and will shortly be completed to Corinth. The Southern road to Jackson will be ready for travel in about two weeks, and the Central and New Orleans roads are being rapidly repaired. I could not see Colonel Tate at Demopolis. He had been absent some time, and his locality not known. General Polk informed me that Colonel Tate would go to Richmond on his return to Demopolis. General Forrest has not yet returned from WEST Tennessee. His headquarters were at Jackson when last heard from. He has, however, written to his quartermaster here that he would be at Tupelo on the 5th instant, at which time I will proceed to that place. The battery (Captain Rice) and the engineer company referred to in the letter of Mr. J. Ware Welsh, have both left here. The former, under orders from General Polk, now constitutes a part of General Forrest's command, and has been ordered to Tupelo. The latter has moved to Demopolis. After General Ruggles left General Polk assigned to the command of the post Lieutenant Colonel F. E. Whitefield, Ninth MISSISSIPPI (General Johnston's army). He is unfitted for the field by reason of physical disability. It gives me pleasure to state that the condition of the several staff departments at this post is highly satisfactory. The officers are attentive and efficient, and exhibit more than usual intelligence. The quartermaster's department receives here from a neighboring factory from ten to twelve bales of jeans and linsey per week which are at once converted into clothing. The number of garments manufactured weekly varies from 1,000 to 1,500. The material is excellent, and the sewing strong and substantial. Another factory is now in the process of construction about twelve miles from this place, which I am in

