
[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., May 30, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding District of WEST Tennessee.

Instances of this kind are constantly brought to my notice, where not only citizens but soldiers of my command have been brutally murdered after surrender by these fiends calling themselves soldiers. I earnestly trust that some summary and retaliatory measures may be taken to put a stop to this cruelty.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Post McMinnville, Tenn., May 30, 1864.

Major B. H. POLK,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Nashville, Nashville, Tenn.:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to acknowledge receipt of telegram from Nashville, May 29, 1864, by special messenger from Murfreesborough, Tenn., and I have accordingly ordered three companies of my regiment, F, I, and K, numbering in the aggregate 200 men, to remain at this post until relieved or until measures can be taken for the removal of all Government property and the sick and wounded at the post hospital. With the remainder of my command I expect to march at 10 a. m. to-morrow for Tullahoma, as directed in orders from district headquarters. I consider it my duty to state that in my view of matters here, the post McMinnville, Tenn., ought to be, at least for the present, occupied by troops, not only for the protection of the many loyal people here, but also to prevent the numerous small bands of bushwhackers from collecting in a body, which they will certainly do if not continually harassed and kept dispersed by troops. I learn from Mr. Th. Comer, the trade agent at this post, that there are at the present time $27,000 worth of goods and merchandise at McMinnville, all of which will have to be removed if the post be abandoned, as the citizens themselves are not capable of protecting themselves against these robbers and guerrillas, and brought these goods here under the impression that they would be protected by the military power. I am also satisfied that in the present famine-like condition of the poor classes, many who would otherwise remain quiet and peaceable will, under the continual pressure of want of the necessaries of life, engage in robbery and every other crime, unless restrained or overawed by troops; neither would there be any safety for the lives and property of several Union families here, for instance, of such as Doctor Armstrong, Captain Clift, General Rodgers, and other families and property. Should this post be completely evacuated, I would respectfully recommend that the citizens be made aware of that fact, and sufficient time given them for removal to other parts of the State.

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. ROBINSON,

Colonel Twenty-THIRD Missouri Volunteer Infantry, Commanding

