
of his administration of the affairs of the department, the lieutenant-general commanding complains that he was embarrassed by the evils ensuing upon the inefficient administration of the conscript laws and the failure of the Bureau of Conscription, which was charged with the duty of arresting absentees, to perform its functions with the necessary vigor and energy. He estimates that on assuming command there were in his territorial limits quite 10,000 men liable to military duty absent from their commands and evading the claims of the Government for their services. In the county of Jones, in Mississippi, as heretofore intimated, were a large number of disaffected persons who had proceeded to such extremities as to engage in a raid upon and plunder of the public stores at Paulding, in Jasper County. In the country northwest of the Tallahatchie a Captain Reson, of the Confederate service, having deserted his post and enticed with him a portion of his command, had established himself and inaugurated a system of private plunder ostensibly against the common, but too often without regard to the sentiments of the owners of property; he was constantly sending messages to his friends in the army and inviting them to join him, luring them by promises of brigandage and free quarters. In the counties of Lawrence, Morgan, Blount, and others in Alabama, the recruiting agents of the Federal Government were organizing mounted regiments, colluding with disaffected citizens, and carrying on with them an almost avowed correspondence. While the whole tier of counties in MISSISSIPPI and East Louisiana bordering on the MISSISSIPPI River swarmed with deserters and skulkers from duty and persons engaged in illicit trade with the enemy, the general found himself hampered, obstructed, almost paralyzed in his efforts to exercise proper military authority in his own army. The emergency was pressing and imperative, the necessity for prompt and energetic action imminent. Under these circumstances he determined to act with decision and vigor, relying upon the sense of justice of the Government tnder Colonel Maury was sent against the insurgents in Jones County; they were attacked, routed, and dispersed-some were shot, some were hung. Another force was sent against Reson and his associates (he has since escaped across the Mississippi) and vigorous measures were inaugurated against the bands along the margin of the Mississippi, which will be referred to hereafter. This course, however decisive, only remedied partial evils. It was necessary to adopt some systematic mode of procedure, and the general has appointed Major Denis provost-marshal-general of his entire department, which is divided into nineteen districts, each supervised by an assistant provost-marshal; these in turn are sub-divided into sub-districts, with a deputy in each. Officers disabled from active service by wounds and sickness are assigned to the discharge of these duties, and are thus made useful and serviceable to the Government; they are charged with the police of their respective districts and sub-district, and require all persons to report to their commands or the proper enrolling officers. A camp is located at Lauderdale Springs, to which all officers and men not totally disabled from service are ordered to report. From this collection the general has been enabled to supply in the various staff employments over 300 men and restore that number of effectives to the ranks. Permanent road guards are also detailed from it, who in the constant discharge of the duties of inspection and police acquire a proficiency which cannot be expected from temporary details. The general then issued his proclamation offering amnesty to all who should within a certain period resume their allegiance and return to duty. The result has been an already developed activity in

