SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. JACKSON'S CAVALRY DIVISION, Numbers 39. Tuscaloosa, Ala., May 2, 1864.

I. Captain Perry Evans, Company I, Ninth Texas Regiment, Ross' brigade, is hereby temporarily detailed from his regiment and brigade for special duty with a party of scouts.

II. He will proceed with his party to the MISSISSIPPI River, and operate in the counties of Bolivar, Coahoma, Washington, Sun Flower, and Issaquena, and if necessary he can extend his operations to the adjoining counties and below.

III. He will make his reports direct to these headquarters, except when these headquarters are more distant from his field of operation than the headquarters of Major General S. D. Lee, when he will report to General Lee. He can send his reports through Brigadier General Wirt Adams' headquarters when it is more convenient.

IV. He is specially charged with preserving order in the counties above named, and protecting the citizens both from the raids of the enemy as far as possible and particularly against incursions of the lawless bands of deserters and robbers. To this end he is invested with discretionary powers.

V. He will arrest all conscripts and all persons operating there without proper authority, and will use the most summary means against all lawless bands or persons, if he deems it necessary.

VI. He will lend what aid he can in the enforcement of the laws of the Confederacy.

VII. The general commanding DIVISION expresses the hope and belief that he will not hear any complaint against any one of Captain Evans' gallant scouts. Captain Evans will recollect that promptness and activity are the secret of success.

By command of General W. H. Jackson:

THOS. B. SYKES,Assistant Adjutant and Inspector-General.

SALTVILLE, May 3, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Dublin:

My brigade is now moving to Jeffersonville, where I go to-morrow. If the enemy is likely to advance soon I will retain General Morgan's command. I am afraid to get far from the road from Pound Gap, but will try to join you on any battle-field you may choose.

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

