HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Abingdon, May 3, 1864.

Brigadier General A. E. JACKSON, Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: A reported movement of the enemy's cavalry from the direction of Kanawha renders it necessary to put much of the mounted force of this department in a position to cover the approaches on Saltville, and to render assistance to General Breckinridge in case of necessity. You would do well to keep your scouts active in your front and your mounted pickets well to your front, as you will not probably meet with support WEST of Glade for several days. If you should be compelled to fall back, you will have to depend on your own judgment, guided by future developments of the enemy, for the control and movements of troops immediately under you. For a few days I expect to be on the threatened front and too distant to give orders for such prompt movement as would be necessary if you should be required to act at all.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ABINGDON, May 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General JACKSON, Carter's Station:

General Jones in command; General Buckner relieved. If you are pressed, cannot re-enforce you until Vaughn arrives. If necessary fall back on railroad in direction of Bristol. Write by courier to- day. Scout your front and flanks well.

[J. N. GALLEHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Abingdon, May 3, 1864.

Colonel PRIDEMORE,

Commanding Sixty-fourth Virginia Regiment:

COLONEL: A reported movement of the enemy renders it necessary for you to take measures similar to those prescribed for you a few days since when the enemy was expected. Scout well in the direction of Pound Gap and the Louisa Fork of Sandy. Report any advance of the enemy to the troops on your left, to this place, and to Saltville. If you find the enemy has passed your right flank send your transportation in this direction and concentrate your force on the flank of the enemy, assailing him every opportunity, and following him up as long as the strength of your men and horses will admit of it. Let two of your men move and horses will admit of it. Let two of your men move to your right until they find others guarding the country north and east of you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Dublin, May 4, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding, Richmond, Va.:

Brigadier-General Jones telegraphs me that you have ordered him to push his cavalry into Tennessee. All reports concur that enemy has

