HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST Miss. AND EAST LA.,May 4, 1864. (Via Summit. Received 5th.)

Lieutenant-General POLK:

The enemy at Olive Branch were re-enforced last night by 500 infantry, two companies cavalry, four pieces artillery. Have not advanced so far this morning; am prepared to meet them, having ordered Dumontiel to my assistance. He was in my district.

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 105. Richmond, May 5, 1864.

* * * * *

XXX. The Thomas Legion, North Carolina Volunteers, will proceed by highway from East Tennessee to Western North Carolina. Lieutenant- Colonel Love, commanding, will report for orders to Colonel J. B. Palmer at Asheville, N. C.

By command of Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DUBLIN DEPOT, VA., May 5, 1864.

General WILLIAM E. JONES,

Glade Spring, Va.:

Instructions from General Lee oblige me to move east. I have telegraphed General Bragg to direct you, in co-operation with General Jenkins, to cover the front from Monroe County to salt- works. You will hear to-day. I will leave the Forty-fifth [Virginia] Regiment now at Saltville.

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Demopolis, May 5, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond:

I brought to your attention a few days ago certain measures for the better ordering of affairs in this department by the DIVISION of the service into military police districts, and the appointing of chief or commandants, to be taken from disabled or other supernumerary officers, to take charge of them. I have availed of the law allowing the getting up of companies of exempts to supply these chiefs with an adequate military force to enforce my orders, but finding that material not sufficiently abundant to supply all that was needed, I have also availed of the law authorizing the raising of companies, &amp;c., for local defense out of the material ordered to constitute the reserve, men between seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and FIFTY. Being upon the spot, and there being no law or order directing the particular arm of the service to which such organizations should be attached, I have, as knowing the want of the department, directed that these companies

