HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, May 30, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN,

Commanding District of WEST Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: Your dispatch of the 25th instant* has just been received. Five regiments of Illinois militia have been ordered to Columbus, Ky., five to Memphis, and all of the Iowa militia to Helena. About 4,000 troops from Missouri have been ordered to Memphis, and I have also ordered to that place nine companies of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry now at Alton, Ill. They can be used as infantry until supplied with horses. The new troops are to be employed for garrison purposes, all the troops not so employed or necessary to be organized into brigades or DIVISIONS, are prepared and held for service in the field. The special instructions heretofore given and General Orders, Numbers 7, incorrectly announced as General Orders, Numbers 6,+ authorize you to employ the resources on either bank of the river whenever necessary, but it is to be kept constantly in view that the object of the Government is to organize speedily as large a force as possible for operations WEST of the Mississippi, and that all side issues are to be avoided, and the troops kept well in hand for this purpose. The protection of General Sherman's rear is of course to be watched and guarded as fully as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

WHITE'S STATION, May 30, 1864.

Major-General WASHBURN:

Moses has just come in from Corinth. I have given him an order, by your order, for the pickets on the Germantown road to take him at once to you. Forrest left Corinth on the 22nd of May with his forces for Decatur, Ala. The only troops left are Gholson's, at Tupelo, and Chalmers', to the south of us.

G. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

NASHVILLE, May 31, 1864.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Dallas:

I am credibly informed that the rebels are operating the Mobile and Ohio Railroad to Corinth, and are repairing the Charleston road, Corinth, and Tuscumbia. Bear Creek bridge is done and they can now run to Cherokee. Forrest was a few days since with Buford's DIVISION. Roddey has two batteries; Forrest has considerable artillery. Several accounts agree in these particulars.

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found.

+See Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 60.

---------------

