
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS,Demopolis, Ala., May 8, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Lee for proper action.

By command of Lieutenant-General Polk:

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, May 6, 1864.

[CONFIDENTIAL.]

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS,

Canton:

GENERAL: The Government has made a contract with certain parties, of whom the bearer, Mr. Thomas, is one, to sell them [an] amount of its cotton. That cotton may lie around Vicksburg. I have given him a pass to go into that city to negotiate with the Yankee authorities for allowing it to pass out; and also [sic*] made by you as mentioned in your note of such parties in restraining the Yankee expedition lately on Yazoo. It is entirely legitimate, and I send Mr. Thomas to you direct to explain his objects, and to place himself and two associates of his company at your disposal, to be used in any way by you in your military operations. I suggest that you use these cotton purchasers for the purpose of controlling the enemy's movements and keeping him quiet. I believe it can be done if managed skillfully. It is important for us at least as long as active operations are in progress in front of Dalton. Use these gentlemen so as to prolong their operations and give all the time you may. See that the Yankees get cotton now and then, but not faster than suits our purpose. And yet that system of measures and proceeding, while it is pursued skillfully, must be managed so as not to be pushed too far. I have [sic*]

L. POLK,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S. -I have insisted that these gentlemen should stipulate with the Yankee authorities that they shall guarantee that the supplies delivered by them in exchange for cotton shall be permitted to pass down the railroad to Jackson and cross Pear River without molestation from their raiding parties; also that they will not destroy either the railroad or the bridge I propose to build at Jackson across that river.

L. POLK.

CANTON, May 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK:

The enemy's force consists of three brigades of infantry, with cavalry and artillery, estimated by an intelligent citizen who saw them come out of Vicksburg at 10,000. There are but two regiments white troops and four of black left in Vicksburg. I should at once threaten the place from below were it not for the difficulty of passing Big Black.

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Copy burnt and illegible.

---------------

