
RICHMOND, VA., May 7, 1864.

Brigadier General W. E. JONES,

Bristol, Tenn.:

As soon as Brigadier-General Vaughn's brigade can be properly spared, send it to Staunton, Va., and report the fact.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, May 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK,

Demopolis, Ala.:

Your dispatch to the Adjutant-General indicates a much larger force in motion than was ordered with you. * Please report by telegraph immediately what organizations are moving. The valley of the Tombigbee should not be left without protection, and MISSISSIPPI requires a considerable cavalry force. Roddey's command has been specially assigned to North Alabama and should not be moved.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Demopolis, May 7, 1864.

Lieutenant General L. POLK,

Commanding Dept. of Ala., Miss., and E. LA., &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In accordance with your instructions delivered to me this morning I have the honor to submit the following brief report of the condition of my department:

First. The number, rank, occupation and location of engineer officers, enlisted and detailed men on engineer duty in the department, is exhibited by the accompanying return, marked A. #

Second. The officers and assistant engineers are mounted and equipped and ready for any kind of service coming within the limits of an engineer's duty.

THIRD. The companies of Captains Wintter, Jones, and Porter are supplied with camp and garrison equipage and field transportation, intrenching and carpenter's tools, and are ready for field service. None of these companies are armed.

Fourth. I have on hand a reserved supply of 500 intrenching tools and a sufficient assortment of mechanical tools of all kinds for any emergency, with the exception of chop-axes, of which I have none that are serviceable.

Fifth. Of pontoon boats I have had constructed as follows: Forty at Columbus, Miss., made by contract-of these 20 are now used at Columbus, and 20 are at this place; 30 near Gainesville, made by Captain Wintter; 24 at Demopolis, made by Captain Jones. All of these boats are finished or can be within a week, giving a total of 94 serviceable boats. Deducting the 20 used at Columbus, and permanently needed there, I have 74 left ready for service, if teams and wagons could be furnished. I have a sufficient amounts of rope on hand to meet all demands connected with pontoon operations. Also 12 anchors, which, with the assistance

---------------

*See Vol. XXXVIII, Part IV, p. 669.

#Not found.

---------------

