
and he advised the President to send the battalion (Hall's, of alabama) to the front, the lieutenant-colonel asserting that the purpose of the society were not treasonable, and that he would be responsible for the conduct of his men on the field. At Chickamauga the colors of this battalion were pierced by eighty-two balls, and President Davis promoted Lieutenant-Colonel Hall to colonel and the color bearer to a lieutenancy. This society existed very generally in Hilliard's legion, now Gracie's brigade. The investigations in the court disclosed the fact that very few members of this society joined for any treasonable purpose, although I sent seventy members to Mobile in irons for trial, yet not one has been shot, and near four months have elapsed. Under your orders, general, my brigade has been scattered, the good and the bad enter strange commands together, and we are debarred the privilege as a brigade of vindicating ourselves (as Hall's battalion did) on the field. I am informed and believe that the FIFTY-seventh, Colonel Cunningham, and the FIFTY-ninth, Colonel Swanson, obeyed the order to go to the front without one desertion. I organized two batteries, Tarrant's and Clanton's (my brother's). I was deprived of one in January and very recently of the other. I have raised about 5,000 men during this war under the greatest difficulties, and have taxed my friends heavily for horses and arms. I think about 2,000 were not liable to conscription when they volunteered (including the Tuscaloosa cadets). Against their wishes and that of their parents, and the sentiments of the people of this State, I have been deprived of them and I now have only a few hundred of the original number left. I have not been associated with a cavalry regiment during this war from my State, which has not applied to be placed under my command. From the oldest officer of cavalry from my States, under Bragg's persecution, I am now about the youngest. I will patiently bear these things until the war is over, when I hope to make a simple statement of facts in justice to all concerned. From one who has suffered so much injustice from the same source, I may at least expect some sympathy. The sickness and death of youngest [son] has detained me here a few days. I will leave on Wednesday morning for Dalton.

With my best wishes for your health and happiness, I am, general, in haste, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. CLANTON.

[Inclosure.]

MILITARY COURT-ROOMS, GENERAL MAURY'S ARMY CORPS,

Mobile, Ala., May 4, 1864.

General JAMES H. CLANTON:

DEAR SIR: At your suggestion the undersigned take pleasure in stating that in the many cases tried before the military court at this place for mutiny and for knowing of an intended mutiny, and not giving information thereof, which cases originated in your brigade, and are supposed to have grown out of a secret organization or society having for its object the breaking up of our army, no development was made whatever showing or indicating in the slightest degree blame on your part, either for a want of proper discipline in your command or for a failure to discharge any duty incumbent on you as commander of the brigade; and we add, further, that evidence in the cases showed that said secret society did not originate in your command. We also state that you displayed commendable zeal and efficiency in having guilty parties properly prosecuted, and especially in ferreting out and having prose

