
SUMMIT, MISS., May 11, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE:

Ordnance officer is en route for Demopolis. Enemy landed to-day from gun-boats and transports at Bayou Sara, La., and have pushed their pickets to Saint Francisville. I will attack them by daylight to-morrow.

JNO S. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding.

PAROLE CAMP, Demopolis, Ala., May 14, 1864.

Brigadier General E. HIGGINS, Provisional Army, C. S.:

GENERAL: In obedience to your request I have the honor to forward the following list of men who I think would be willing and anxious to avail themselves of the opportunity to be presented by you-about eighty men from the different companies composing the First MISSISSIPPI Light Artillery Regiment. These men are now in this camp and the regiment is divided, one company acting as horse artillery in the cavalry command of Major General S. D. Lee, and the others doing provost duty in Mobile. Several of the officers of this regiment have heretofore informed me that they desire such service as is contemplated by you, and I am convinced that upon proper representations a large portion of this regiment if they could be spared from their present duties could be obtained. There are also about forty men in this camp, from the different Louisiana regiments, composing the late Twenty-second Louisiana Volunteers (consolidated) now stationed in Mobile, who would gladly favor such a detail. I am informed, and from a reliable source, that there are now two full companies of the Twenty-seventh Louisiana Volunteers in a parole camp established by Major Coleman, in the parish of Saint Helena, East La. These men are armed, equipped, mounted, and ready for service, and only awaiting exchange. This, together with other detachments of Louisiana regiments on this side of the MISSISSIPPI River, were consolidated into the Twenty-second Louisiana Volunteers aforementioned. There are also a few men of the late Eighth Louisiana Battalion of Heavy Artillery and the Appeal Battery; the last-named battery is now disorganized, or, if organized, is in the Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department. There is one fully mounted company of cavalry in this camp, composed of detachments from different regiments, and were acting in that capacity at the time of their capture in Vicksburg. During a visit last fall in the parishes of Saint Tammany and Washington, East La., I found a large number of men, mostly belonging to independent companies of cavalry, who were anxious to attach themselves to a command intended for a service indicated by you, and I believe that a battalion of such men could be raised in that section. I have the honor herewith to forward the inclosed document from Lieutenant Sclater, commanding the Second Alabama Light Artillery. I feel satisfied that this officer could fulfill the statements made in his communication, and would be a most valuable acquisition to your command. The breaking up of the consolidated Twenty-second Louisiana Volunteers would be an excellent opportunity to procure material, as I am informed by officers of that regiment that the men will be permitted to attach themselves to such commands as they may wish. Having thus laid before you, general, an imperfect list of such men as I presume may be obtained for your contemplated brigade, I would respectfully state that a large num-

