
dated February 6, 1864, General Grant then commanding), was referred here from the headquarters of the Armies of the United States. The major-general commanding this DIVISION being on the eve of departure for the field it was suggested that the subject of the remonstration might naturally be considered as coming under the jurisdiction of your department, and I was accordingly directed to refer the papers to Admiral Porter, which was done by letter, a copy of which is inclosed marked A. On yesterday a committee came here on behalf of the pilots to lay the subject before the general commanding. Under existing instructions they could not be allowed to go to the front to see him, and I communicated with him by telegraph, and have this day (morning) received a reply, a copy of which I inclose, marked B,* requesting particular attention to the last paragraph. The committee of pilots will be informed of this reference of the subject to you.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]

A.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, April 28, 1864.

Admiral PORTER:

The accompanying communications, in reference to orders affecting the pilots on the rivers in this military DIVISION, were received by Major-General Sherman on the eve of his departure for the field, and by his direction, I beg leave to refer them to you, with the request that you will give the subject such consideration, and propose such orders and regulations in regard to it as you may deem necessary and proper. The facts necessary to be ascertained as a basis of a right conclusion are within your knowledge, and the whole matter seems to fall naturally within your jurisdiction. A copy of General Orders, No. 4, referred to in the remonstrances, is included for your information.

I have the honor to be, admiral, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

BULL'S GAP, May 2, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

From the best information that can be obtained there are no rebels but small roving parties this side of Jonesborough or within FIFTY miles of here. Longstreet's whole force is beyond the Holston. They took the telegraph wire and insulators with them. All bridges and trestle-works have been destroyed. The bridge across Lick Creek was quite extensive, resting on seventeen stone piers. The long trestle-work this side of Greenville is completely destroyed. What they have destroyed will take a long time to rebuild. Has any move been made in direction of Rogersville? What do you think of the expediency of organizing the people of this region into home guards, and furnishing them with arms?

GEO. STONEMAN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See p. 3.

---------------

