
ber or men would volunteer for such purposes, more especially, if, as you have suggested, the Government would allow prize money upon the capture of vessels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. GRAYSON,

Captain, First Louisiana Artillery.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP OF PAROLED PRISONERS,

Near Demopolis, May 13, 1864.

Captain J. B. GRAYSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that there are about twenty men of my company now on parole who would be glad to join me in the service of which you were speaking, and the most of whom could mount themselves. I am also satisfied that if allowed the opportunity I could increase the number to a sufficiency to man a battery of the description mentioned. For myself it is the very service I should like to engage in, and I would bend all my energies not only to recruiting the battery but to rendering it effective.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO R. SCLATER,

First Lieutenant, Emanuel's Battery.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF EAST TENNESSEE,Abingdon, Va., May 15, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MORELOCK,

Commanding THIRD Tennessee Cavalry:

The brigadier-general commanding directs that you move with your command to Carter's Depot, establish a picket station at that point, and observe the approaches leading to it from the direction of Knoxville. Should an enemy make his appearance you will communicate the fact immediately to these headquarters and to the picket stationed at Kingsport. You are not to hold this position any longer than you feel you can do so with safety.

By command of Brigadier-General Jones:

J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEMOPOLIS, ALA., May 15, 1864.

Major-General FORREST,

Tupelo:

Enemy struck Central road at Vaughan's Station, and destroyed a few trestles between that point and Big Black bridge, from which they were repulsed with heavy loss. Enemy now retiring toward Benton. General Adams fought main force near Pickens Station.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

