
Panola, amounting to about 1,100 men, which I presume will be force sufficient. McGuirk's, or rather General Gholson's brigade, is green and imperfectly armed, and I think it best to leave Colonel McCulloch's brigade at this place, and let General Chalmers take Neely's and Gholson's commands to some place near Aberdeen and shoe up their stock. The difficulty of getting tax corn delivered on the road for the cars is that the planters cannot well spare their teams to haul it, all their stock being required to cultivate their corps.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

[MAY 16, 1864. -For Lee to Johnston, in reference to movement of Forrest into Middle Tennessee, &amp;c., see Vol. XXXVIII, Part IV, p. 719, and for Lee to Cooper, reporting operations on Central railroad, &c., see Part I, p. 10.]

DEMOPOLIS, May 16, 1864.

(Received 17th.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

General Forrest telegraphs there are 1,000 men in two of his brigades from WEST Tennessee who left the army at its reorganization in the spring of 1862. There are orders for these to be returned to their commands at once. If executed absolutely will cause much desertion and injury to his new command. A suspension of the order for sixty days is asked, and the order may be gradually executed. I recommend a gradual execution of the order, as Forrest's command has just been organized.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 18, 1864.

Major RIELY:

Await action of Secretary of General Bragg.

C[OOPER.]

TUPELO, MISS., May 16, 1864.

Major-General LEE:

Following just received:

HOLLY SPRINGS, May 15.

General FORREST:

Scouts near Memphis report 14th instant: Grand review, 4,500 cavalry, 4,000 negroes, 7,000 infantry. Preparations making for raid after you. Can't hear when to start. Lines closed and have to get information by scouting in force Olive Branch and Germantown daily. Five to ten regiments cavalry at White's Station.

THOS. HENDERSON,

Captain Independent Scouts.

Respectfully forwarded.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

