
$500 reward.

TUPELO, MISS., May 16, 1864.

The crime of horse stealing has become one of the most frequent, if it is not one of the most common, crimes is and around the army. Not a day passes without many complaints being made from both officers and soldiers and citizens. It must be stopped, and the major-general commanding is determined if severe punishment inflicted on those convicted of it will stop it that it shall be done. No mercy will be shown in those cases. The above reward will be paid by me for the detection, delivery, and conviction of any officer or private of this command guilty of horse stealing.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Tupelo, Miss., May 16, 1864.

[Brigadier-General CHALMERS:]

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that he desires Colonel R. McCulloch to take from his brigade, without regard to company or regiment, 500 or his best and most reliable men, and the best mounted men in his command, placing them in companies of FIFTY men each under a complement of officers. You will see that these men all have the best of arms, and have them uniformly armed. If practicable let them be armed also with pistols. They will be placed under command of Lieutenant Colonel R. A. McCulloch, of the Second Missouri Cavalry. You will have them provided with three days' cooked rations and one days' rations of forage. A report of the character of the arms which they have will be at once made, so that they can be provided with the forty rounds of ammunition of the man, with which he desires [them] to be supplied. This command will be reported to the major-general commanding at 6 o'clock Wednesday morning. Captain W. H. Forrest will be placed in command of one of the companies. A similar selection of 500 men, with the same instructions for their guidance, will be made by Colonel J. J. Neely from his brigade, the command being given to Lieutenant-Colonel Logwood. You will place Colonel Robert McCulloch in command of the brigade, supplying him with ten best wagons you have of six mules each.

W. H. BRAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FORREST'S CAVALRY,Tupelo, Miss., May 16, 1864.

Colonel R. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Brigade, Tupelo, Miss.:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you detail 500 of the best men, with the best horses of your brigade, without regard to regiments or companies, for special service. They will be organized into ten companies of FIFTY men each, and Lieutenant Colonel R. A. McCulloch, Second Missouri Cavalry, will be placed in command of the detachment. They will be thoroughly armed with the best run of the same caliber and with pistols, if possible, and will be provided with three days' cooked rations, one day's forage in forage-sacks, and forty rounds of ammunition to the man. A report of the caliber of the guns

