
OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY FOR MISSISSIPPI,

Meridian, May 18, 1864.

Major ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Major General S. D. Lee, Commanding Dept.:

MAJOR: I respectfully call the attention of the commanding general to the difficulties under which the commissary department of this state is now laboring, through back of transportation to move supplies, and of warehouses for the stores already collected. The difficulties have greatly increased since the destruction of railroads and depots in February last by the enemy. The railroads have been partially repaired, but the connection remains broken with sections of the State, where many supplies have already been collected. On the line of the railroads north of Canton, New Orleans and Jackson and MISSISSIPPI Central, a large amount of bacon has for months been awaiting transportation. On the road south of Jackson, in the neighborhood of Brookhaven and Woodville, the same remark is applicable. These stores are not only in danger of falling into the hands of the enemy, but they are now of no use to the Confederacy, since in their present condition they administer neither to the army nor the people. Every possible application has been made by me for wagon transportation to move these supplies. I have applied to army headquarters, to the chief quartermaster of the State, to Major Paxton, chief of transportation, to all officers, in fine, who I thought might have the power to assist me. So far I have been unsuccessful. I train of sixteen wagons made one trip with bacon from Canton to this place, and has hauled a few supplies from Canton to Brandon. With that exception, I have had no help. The amount of stores collected in all parts of the State and awaiting transportation to railroads is very large, and a still larger amount could be collected by my officers if it were not inexpedient to do so under present circumstances. A few days since Major James Hamilton, controlling quartermaster tax in kind for Mississippi, wrote to mestores collected by his officers, as he wished his depots eation for the new crops. I replied that it was impossible for me to assist him. Under date of 16th instant he replies:

I shall be obliged to order the sale of articles at distant depots, which I regret, as the army will probably need them. Our warehouses must soon be cleared for the new crop, and this cannot be delayed beyond about 10th of July. Please direct your subordinate officers to aid us with their transportation to the full extent of their power.

It is very important that some warehouses should be erected in this part of the State to supply those destroyed. A commissary building has been put up here, but it has already broken down, and additional room is needed. I have a large amount of salt, received from Virginia, which I wish to store for distribution throughout the State. There is not a warehouse on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad south of Columbus which will answer the purpose. A warehouse is much needed at Enterprise, that being the depot for several counties. The importance of this subject, I doubt not, will be evident to the commanding general, and I respectfully ask of him such assistance as he may be able to give, by placing transportation at my disposal and by issuing the proper orders for the erection of suitable warehouses at this and other points.

I am, major, very respectfully,

W. H. DAMERON,

Major and Chief Commissary of Subsistence for Mississippi.

