HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, Miss., May 18, 1864.

Major General N. B. FORREST,

Commanding, &amp;c., Tupelo, Miss.:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 15th instant, and to say in reply that he approves of your suggestion in reference to sending two brigades to Aberdeen for the purpose of recruiting, &c., but that he still wishes Gholson's brigade to be sent to report to General Adams. Three thousand stand of small-arms leave Demopolis to-day for your command, with a limited supply of accouterments, and it is the general's wish that at least 600 of Gholson's men should be armed and equipped at once and put in condition for efficient service. If the supply of arms and accouterments are sufficient he would prefer the whole brigade being properly armed; but if this cannot be done the brigade must be sent with the above number of efficient men to General Adams, and the remainder can be properly supplied afterward. As regards the return to their proper commands of men who have joined your command without authority, the general directs me to say that he has requested of the War Department that the orders on the subject should be suspended for sixty days, in compliance with your wishes.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUPELO, May 18, 1864.

Major-General LEE:

Gholson's command has nothing. Dispatch received countermanding move.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS., May 18, 1864.

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS,

Canton, Miss.:

Am aware of the insufficiency of your force, and am correcting it. What force have the enemy in Vicksburg and vicinity?

S. D. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, Miss., May 18, 1864.

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS:

GENERAL: I received your telegram this morning relative to the enemy being in Yazoo City and expecting to embark to Vicksburg, and about General Dennis being at Big Black, ready for a raid into Hinds County. I am aware, general, of the insufficiency of your force to prevent raids from Vicksburg, and will send you Gholson's brigade, recently mustered into the C. S. service, in a few days. It is now unarmed, but arms and accouterments will go to Tupelo to- day

