
vital injury done to our cause by a concession which benefits a hundred rebels where it relieve one Union man. I cannot too earnestly solicit the attention of the Government to this subject. The effect upon our Army and Navy cannot be otherwise than injurious when they see a vast trade carried on with our enemies. This intercourse enriches a mercenary horde, who follow in the rear of our forces, corrupting by the worst temptations those in authority, giving aid and comfort to the enemy, and relieving that extreme destitution of the insurgent population which would otherwise operate as a powerful inducement toward the restoration of tranquillity and order. I am now on my way to Little Rock, by way of White River, and expect to reach New Orleans on or about the 15th of next month.

Very respectfully,

D. E. SICKLES,

Major-General.

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK,

Mound City, May 31, 1864.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY,

Commanding Military DIVISION of WEST Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have just received the inclosed telegram from Paducah: Information, which appears to be reliable, has been received that Forrest is attempting to cut off Sherman's communications, and unless a force (A. J. Smith or some one else) is sent up here, he may succeed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

[Inclosure.]

MAY 31, 1864.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Mound City:

The commander of the post has reliable information that Forrest is at Corinth with a heavy force. Buford this side with a brigade. Railroad working to Corinth and being repaired to Jackson.

A. F. O'NEIL,

Lieutenant, Commanding Paw Paw.

GENERAL ORDERS, U. S. MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BLACK HAWK, Numbers 209. Mound City, Ill., May 31, 1864.

General Washburn has issued the following order in relation to the illicit trade on this river, which has so long been tolerated and fostered by officers commanding military posts and Treasury agents, and by which the war on the border of the MISSISSIPPI River has been much prolonged: *

I agree fully with General Washburn in all he says, and am glad to see that at last there may be some hopes of destroying the system of trade with the rebels, which, if continued, this war must be carried on indefinitely.

General Washburn speaks in his general order of the "farce of landing goods under the surveillance of the gun-boats. " If there has been such a "farce" enacted, it has been contrary to my orders, as the gun-

---------------

*For General Orders, Numbers 4 (here omitted), see p. 27.

---------------

