
Nothing would give me more pleasure than to report to you for duty but I have been instructed to obey the latter order, as my company is made up entirely of men between seventeen and eighteen and forty-five and FIFTY years.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. ARMSTRONG,

Captain, Commanding Company.

MERIDIAN, MISS., May 20, 1864.

Colonel DUCKWORTH,

Grenada:

Move with your command to Oxford to be in position to meet any raid from Memphis. Keep General Forrest and myself well informed of movements of enemy. Enemy has left Yazoo City and gone to Vicksburg.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

SELMA, May 20, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE:

I have applied to General Maury for some 12-pounders, or less sizes, also artillery companies, and an efficient officer to take charge of artillery. Please request him to supply my wants where practicable. A large portion of the forces for defense of this place are detailed conscripts without drill, being barely organized. I ought to take them in hand at once, but to do so would stop all Government work. What I shall I do? The enemy occupy Rome. It will take great efforts to put the place in state of defense. Two miles and a half of the works are unfavorably located, being commanded by a ridge of higher ground encircling the works from many points, enfilading the line, and commanding the rear face of our works. I have ordered Thomas' regiment here.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

MERIDIAN, MISS., May 20, 1864.

General G. J. PILLOW,

Selma:

I asked General Maury for artillerists for you this morning. Don't stop the Government work. I will send you more men. Nothing put cavalry raid could reach Selma. This can be readily repulsed with what you will have. My object is to be ready. I do not anticipate the enemy raiding it to Selma, as they have enough to occupy them- their front-which to them is all important now. Let me know your wants and they shall be filled as far as practicable. Need not release the prisoners.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

