
of the kind, I have thought it best to send Major Harris, who commands a battalion in General Gholson's brigade, down to see you and confer with you as to filling up his command to a regiment. Orders have been given prohibiting the raising of new cavalry commands, and, if desirable to fill up the two battalions of General Gholson's brigade, I presume it will have to be done with detached companies already organized. General Gholson's brigade is composed of three regiments and two battalions, but has only men enough to make about three full regiments. General Bragg's order was to receive them as they were, and General Gholson to command them, and I send Major Harris down to confer with you in regard to filling them up or consolidating them, respectfully asking that you will give such orders as may be necessary in the premises. I would also be glad to have a list of all companies in this section acting under your orders, not attached to any regular command or detached from other commands for conscript or other duty, that my orders to gather up companies may not interfere with your own. Major Harris is anxious to fill up his battalion to a regiment, and has several companies on their way to him, and if it can be done with unattached MISSISSIPPI companies I think it ought to be done.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,No. 63. Tupelo, Miss., May 21, 1864.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	* 	*

III. DIVISION commanders will hold a dress parade to-morrow morning of their entire commands on foot, at which time all men named in the accompanying schedule, respectively, belonging to the regiments of the two DIVISIONS, will be arrested by their DIVISION commanders, to wit: In the First DIVISION, commanded by Brigadier General J. R. Chalmers-in Stewart's regiment, 91; in Forrest's regiment, 16; Duff's regiment, 1; Seventh and Twelfth Regiments, 89; in Neely's regiment, 94; as per individual names in list of each regiment forwarded herewith. In the Second DIVISION, commanded by Brigadier General A. Buford-in the Second Tennessee Regiment, 17; in Newsom's regiment, 88; in Wilson's regiment, 96; in Russell's regiment, 97; in Faulkner's regiment, 64; as per individual names given in list of each regiment forwarded herewith. When arrested, a guard abundantly strong will be placed over them, and they will at once be sent forward to the headquarters of the major-general commanding. Their arms and equipments will be turned over to brigade ordnance officers; their horses will be turned over to DIVISION quartermaster, who will have them appraised and give receipts for the same.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

W. H. BRAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FORREST'S CAVALRY,

No. 13. Tupelo, Miss., May 21, 1864.

I. The following named officers are announced upon the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

