
Surg. L. McDowell, to be chief surgeon of DIVISION, Captain E. Daly, Company A, Twelfth Tennessee Cavalry, DIVISION picket officer.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FORREST'S CAVALRY,Tupelo, Miss., May 21, 1864.

Brigadier General S. J. GHOLSON,

Commanding Brigade, near Tupelo:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that your command be put in readiness to move to the vicinity of Abbeville and Panola with as little delay as possible. The troops will be provided with two days' cooked rations, one day's forage of shelled corn in forage-sacks, and sixty rounds of ammunition to the man, forty of which will be carried in cartridge-boxes and twenty in the ordnance wagons. If you have not already a proper ordnance train for your brigade, the brigadier-general commanding directs that one be provided immediately, to consist of five of the best wagons and teams in the brigade. The wagons should have double covers, with good bows and light bodies; the teams must be of six good mules, and the harness and everything appertaining to them should be of the best quality. A supply of arms is expected by the train to-day. You will send in your ordnance officer at once with requisition for such arms and ammunition as you may need. The general desires that you should move on to-morrow if possible, or if not then, as soon thereafter at practicable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -If it is impossible for you to get up an ordnance train for your brigade at once, you will proceed to make the other arrangements for moving, letting the men take forty rounds of ammunition each and leaving your ordnance officer here to bring on the remainder as soon as an ordnance train can be prepared. Major Severson, chief quartermaster Forrest's cavalry, says that he will be able to provide you with an ordnance train within three days.

W. A. G.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FORREST'S CAVALRY,Tupelo, Miss., May 21, 1864.

Colonel W. L. DUCKWORTH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Oxford, Miss.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to say to you that General Gholson's brigade will be ordered to relieve your command as soon as it can be put in condition to move, with will probably be on to-morrow or the next day, and that as soon as you are relieved you will return with your command to this place. Lieutenant-Colonel Chalmers, commanding Eighteenth MISSISSIPPI Battalion, is

