
boats have been directed to examine every article that went on shore to prevent the landing of contraband of war; for while army officers commanding posts indorsed permits of Treasury agents for supplies sufficient in amount to keep a large rebel army, the navy could do no more than see that these supplies were not contraband, and seize them where they were. I trust there will be no more farces, and it is ordered that no gun-boat permit any supplies of a private nature and not exclusively for the public service to be landed anywhere on the river except at military posts. Let due notice be given to all boats going up and down the river, and let the commander of each district see that all boats are furnished with a copy of this order.

The commanders of districts will permit no interference or seizure of vessels within the limits of my command, for illicit traffic, by other than naval vessels. They will co-operate with commanders of military posts to the best of their ability in putting down the contraband traffic which is becoming more formidable daily.

No organization of vessels other than purely naval will be permitted to regulate the affairs properly coming under my jurisdiction, and if any vessel or vessels so organized should persist in interfering with the duties devolving on the navy, commanders of districts will use all the force they have to arrest such vessels.

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding MISSISSIPPI Squadron.

Organization of troops in the Department of the Cumberland (not employed in the Atlanta Campaign), commanded by Major General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, May 31, 1864. *

DISTRICT OF NASHVILLE.

Major General LOVELL H. ROUSSEAU.

First Brigade. +

Brigadier General ROBERT S. GRANGER.

18th Michigan, Colonel Charles C. Doolittle.

102nd Ohio, Colonel William Given.

13th Wisconsin, Colonel William P. Lyon.

73rd Indiana, Major Alfred B. Wade.

10th Tennessee, Lieutenant Colonel James W. Scully.

POST OF NASHVILLE.

Brigadier General ROBERT S. GRANGER.

15th U. S. Colored Troops, Colonel Thomas J. Downey.

17th U. S. Colored Troops, Colonel William R. Shafter.

15th Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel William J. Palmer.

8th Indiana Cavalry, Colonel Fielder A. Jones.

Garrison Artillery.

Major JOSIAH W. CHURCH.

2nd Illinois Light, Battery M, Lieutenant Isaac Hamilton.

1st Missouri Light, Battery I, Lieutenant Isaac L. Gleaves.

1st Michigan Light, Battery E, Captain Peter De Vries.

Indiana Light, 12th Battery, Captain James E. White.

1st Tennessee Light, Battery C, Lieutenant Joseph Grigsby.

1st Tennessee Light, Battery D, Captain David R. Young.

1st Tennessee Light, Battery G, Captain Henry C. Kelly.

4th United States, Battery I, Lieutenant Frank G. Smith.

2nd Kentucky Cavalry, Company I, Captain Lovell H. Thickstun.

---------------

*For troops engaged in the Atlanta campaign, see Vol. XXXVIII, Part I, p. 89.

+Of Fourth DIVISION, Twentieth Army Corps.

---------------

