HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FORREST'S CAVALRY,[May 24 [?], 1864.]

Captain W. H. FORREST,

Commanding Company, Crews' Battalion:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding directs that after having accomplished the objects of paragraph IX, Special Orders, No. 60, and destroyed the railroad bridges, &amp;c., between Moscow and Memphis, you fall back with your command along the State line and move southward, arresting and turning over to the proper officers all deserters and conscripts and all persons guilty of unlawful practices with the enemy or of acts of robbery and violence. Especial attention will be given to arresting the robbers and thieves with which the border is infested, and in bringing them to justice. Under no circumstances will they be permitted to escape. You will keep couriers at Senatobia to receive and take you any orders that may be sent, and you will forward any information which you may obtain of the movements of the enemy to these headquarters by telegraph. You will seize all cotton going toward the enemy's lines without proper authority, and will turn it over, with the wagons and teams, to the proper officers, to be disposed of according to law.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Tupelo, Miss., May 24, 1864.

Colonel E. W. RUCKER,

Commanding Sixth Brigade:

COLONEL: In accordance with orders given, you will proceed at once to Oxford with the Thrall battery, and assume command as a brigade of the Seventh Tennessee, Duff's regiment, and Chalmers' (Mississippi, Eighteenth) battalion. Captain B. F. Saunders, with his company of scouts, now operating in the MISSISSIPPI River bottom, is also ordered to report to you; and Captain W. H. Forrest, commanding squadron of Forrest's old regiment, will also report to you temporarily. They are now in the vicinity of or scouting in the direction of Memphis. The major-general commanding directs that you will keep a regiment at Panola, one at Oxford or Abbeville, the other in front scouting well toward the enemy. You will supply these commands with forage from Grenada by railroad, as there is no surplus in the country. Also see that your command is fully armed and equipped, sending requisitions in due form for what is required. He directs that you will arrest all stragglers and deserters and send them to the nearest enrollment and conscript rendezvous. All deserters from cavalry commands you will dismount and disarm, and send them also, turning over to the quartermaster their horses and to your ordnance officer their arms. All unattached companies or squads you may find you will gather up and organize into full companies, and place them in Chalmer's battalion until it is raised to a regiment. Notify these headquarters when ready for inspection and organization, and he will send an inspector-general to muster them. Companies not legally organized, who refuse to report, you will arrest the officers and send them to these headquarters, and

