
dismount and send the men as above to the nearest conscript office or camp. Dismount and send as conscripts all squads who refuse to report. When men are dismounted you will have the horses turned over to the quartermaster, valued, and receipts given to the owners. You will also require the ordnance officer to give receipts for the arms. You will inspect the courier-line from this to Oxford, relieving all men and all details on the line or in your section belonging to Chalmers' DIVISION, and ordering them to report to these headquarters. General Buford will relieve the line from this to Pontotoc, and you must establish the line from Oxford to Pontotoc, unless the men already there belong to your command. Should those east of Pontotoc belong to your command, they will be relieved by General Buford and send to you. You will order an inspection of your command, and all public horses or captured horses suitable you will place in your artillery until it is properly fitted up. If you find that the enemy are not moving against you, the major-general directs that you will send 200 good men, under a competent officer, to scout the MISSISSIPPI bottom and gather with the enemy by citizens and others carrying cotton and bringing out supplies. You will allow no cotton to pass your lines, except on pass approved by the major-general commanding department; in fact, stop all communication with the enemy on the road or at Memphis, as far as practicable.

By command of Major-General Forrest:

W. H. BRAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS., May 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General PILLOW,

Selma:

I sent orders to Roddey early this morning. A considerable cavalry force is now moving for protection of works. Push your new brigade up in advance, say to Talladega.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, Miss., May 24, 1864.

Colonel Thomas H. ROSSER,

Commandant of Post, Selma, Ala.:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 20th has been received, and I have the honor to state in reply that General Pillow was placed in command of the troops around Selma and Montgomery by a telegraphic order from General Lee, and that no other orders to do so as yet. For the present you will please forward your communications through General Pillow.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

