
liable to be called upon for service in case of emergency. These men will also be useful in farming pursuits, as they mostly come from a poor country, where white labor is employed. I would recommend that Colonel Lay be ordered to organize his command at once, to be a regiment or battalion, as the numbers may justify. Colonel Lay has used the utmost exertions to form his command, but I believe that his efforts have not been rewarded by commensurate success. Colonel Powers' command is complete as a regiment in companies and numbers, and nothing remains to be done but to appoint the field officers and to assign the companies their respective positions. The Ninth Battalion Louisiana Cavalry is also a regiment in respect to companies and numbers, but I have refrained from disturbing its existing status until the question in dispute for the field officer be settled. Captain Davidson, whose application to assemble and organize a company of the Pointe Coupee Artillery has been forwarded, possesses much influence in the country where the men are to be collected from, and as they are in what the enemy consider their own territory, it is much to be desired that Captain Davidson should succeed in his enterprise. I should like him to have a battery of four or two 20-pounder Parrotts. You may be surprised, general, at such a request, but with the force I shall have, and the knowledge of the advantages that this country possesses for attack, I am strongly of opinion that such a battery could be used with great success, and with perfect confidence for its protection.

I received an order from Lieutenant-General Polk, with a list of officers, to constitute a court-martial, but from the absence of some of the parties the court could not be convened. I therefore constituted one of my own selection, which, from my acquaintance with its members, I flatter myself that the efficiency of the service in this district will be greatly promoted. A list of the members of this court has been forwarded.

Surgeon Pope has forwarded an application for four additional assistant surgeons, which I hope you will consider favorably.

You must pardon me, general, if, in conclusion, I touch upon a subject somewhat out of the limit of my authority. This section of the country, though abounding in supplies sufficient for the subsistence of a force much larger than the one now occupying it, feels the necessity of a railroad communication. I cannot too strongly ask your attention to this want, and if you will permit me to undertake to put the road in running order between Tangipahoa and the upper portion of the district, I am confident that it can be done in less time and less expense to the Government than it could be by contract. From my acquaintance with many residents on and near the road I could gather a force sufficient for the work, and the general desire of parties dependent upon the road for travel warrants me in the belief that the work would be quickly and successfully accomplished.

Hoping, general, that you will excuse this lengthy trespass on your indulgence, and that my suggestions may meet with your approval, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding District.

