
from Montevallo to Blue Mountain and the keeping of Roddey's force between Elyton and the Tennessee River in such a manner as to protect Elyton and its surroundings. If I cannot get a battery I shall feel myself very unequal to the duty of protecting this section of country from a force of any great strength. I will keep you advised by daily communication of all that transpires in my front and of all information that I can obtain of the movements of the enemy.

Respectfully,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

Roddey's command is on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, where he was moved to meet late raid. Will give him a battery as soon as can have it fixed up. As soon as it is determined what is to be done with Roddey will let him know.

TUPELO, June 6, 1864.

(Via Mobile.)

General S. COOPER:

The enemy were at Salem 9 a. m. of the 5th, 10,000 strong, under A. J. Smith, waiting for the rear of their column to [come] up-2,500 cavalry, rest infantry, including 3,000 negroes. Their advance reported at Ripley last night. I think they are en route to Sherman. The MISSISSIPPI River has been blockaded at Greenville since 25th of May by General Marmaduke. It will be a bade to concentrate at or near Okolona 6,000 cavalry should the march into Mississippi.

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Major-General.

TUPELO, June 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General PILLOW, or

Colonel McCULLOCH,

Montevallo:

Move McCulloch's brigade or the brigade at Montevallo to Tuscaloosa without delay. Orders to be sent to that point. Bring trains and section of rifle guns.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

MONTEVALLO, June 7, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE,

Tupelo, Miss.:

Your dispatch of 6th received. McCulloch's brigade will be in Tuscaloosa on Thursday, unless delayed by high water in Cahawba.

J. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FORREST'S CAVALRY,No. 71. Montevallo, Ala., June 7, 1864.

I. McCulloch's brigade will move at daylight to-morrow, with two days' rations and one days' forage to Tuscaloosa, where the colonel

