
commanding will receive further orders from the major-general commanding department. The two rifled guns of Hudson's battery will be equipped with eight of the best horses belonging to the battery, to each gun and caisson, and will accompany the brigade. The howitzer will be left here until further orders, and the officer in charge will report directly to these headquarters. The detachment under Captain Savery, at Elyton, will be ordered to join the brigade at Tuscaloosa. The detail on courier-line to the telegraph will remain.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	* 	*

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOONEVILLE, June 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Montevallo:

Order to move countermanded. McCulloch's brigade will remain where it now is.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 8, 1864-5. 20 p. m.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Dispatch received. Following are two last telegrams from Vaughn, dated yesterday, from Blue Ridge Tunnel:

General BRAGG:

An escaped prisoner just in reports enemy 15,000 strong, under Hunter. General Jones' cavalry brigade, 1,100 strong, has just arrived.

Later. -No movement of enemy from Staunton to-day. I have information from battle-field. We have there 60 wounded. Enemy's loss in killed and wounded, 1,500; they have 1,000 prisoners.

We have a report here that Morgan has gone to Kentucky. G. B. Crittenden, at Glade Spring, in command of department temporarily. Inquire of him.

[BRAXTON BRAGG.]

LYNCHBURG, June 8, 1864-9 p. m.

Colonel G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Glade Spring, Va.:

I have applied to Richmond for Morgan to report at once to assist in repelling Crook and Hunter. General Bragg answers that you are in temporarily command in my department. Morgan should report to me at once. If he is moving toward mouth of Sandy, he might sweep up Kanawha Valley and attack enemy now at Staunton in flank and rear. Telegraph me at Charlottesville.

J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Major-General.

GLADE SPRING, June 9, 1864.

Major General J. C. BRECKINRIDGE:

Your telegram received and has been forwarded to Colonel Witcher, who is picketing toward Pound Gap, with instructions to forward it to

