
authorities for the raising of these commands cannot be produced. Richardson's own brigade, for which alone a legal color of authority for its organization can be shown, cannot stand the test of a probing scrutiny. Investigation will show that the muster- rolls of his command were in many instances fictitious, and that the commissions issued thereon should be revoked. Before General Forrest had exercised the powers above referred to, General Richardson had himself broken up his regimental organizations and had consolidated them. The power to reorganize these partisan bands, even when regularly organized and accepted, is confirmed by the act of February 17, 1864. The application of the policy involved in this legislation is deemed eminently proper to the present case. I deem it highly necessary to the interests of this command, and of the service, that the subject should be promptly acted on. The appointment of field and staff officers is also important. The command needs drill and discipline, and the best men should be selected and promptly. The inefficiency and incompetency of officers are crying evils.

Examining boards have signally failed to accomplish any good by the removal of inefficient officers. Muster-rolls of the command have been made out and forwarded to your office through Colonel T. W. White. Desertions from infantry commands to the cavalry had become a crime of a serious nature. My instructions directed me to ascertain and return all such. An inspection of the muster-rolls, camped with a list of deserters from the Army of Tennessee, showed that 654 deserters were borne on the rolls of General Forrest's command. About 200 of this number were reported as deserters, also, from Forrest's command. An order was at once given to General Forrest for their arrest, who issued orders immediately to this end, and over 300 were arrested and sent back under proper guard to their command. All officers who had received them knowingly were arrested and charges preferred against them. General Forrest gave every facility in his power to accomplish the object of my mission. The liberal manner in which authority has been conferred to raise cavalry commands has contributed very largely to increase desertions form the infantry, and to impede the efficient execution of the conscript law. These authorities have been issued by the War Department, generals commanding departments, armies, and others. Close inspections have frequently shown that such organizations are composed of deserters, and those of conscript age. General Polk has issued many authorities to raise companies since the act of 17th of February, 1864. General Pillow had done and is now doing the same thing. All such authorities should be revoked, and commanders forbidden from granting them. Any violation of the order should be promptly and invariably punished. Unless such orders are strictly carried out, it is in vain to expect that our infantry organizations will remain in their integrity, and the laws for the organization of our armies be promptly and efficiently carried out. For the general condition of Forrest's command in regard to men, horses, arms, equipments, ammunition, &amp;c., I refer to the tabular statement accompanying this report, marked A.

I call attention to the following abuses and wants:

ABUSES.

First. Failure to turn over public property when captured.

Second. Permitting public horses to remain in the hands of officers.

THIRD. Non-execution of orders in allowing unserviceable horse to be retained by owners, and drawing their per diem, when they should be dismounted and turned over to infantry.

