
CONSCRIPT BUREAU.

The operations of this service in MISSISSIPPI and Alabama have not been fully successful, owing in part of the cause to which I have previously adverted. Commanding generals not only issued authorities to raise companies, which because a nucleus for conscripts and deserters, but sometimes actively interfere. In addition to the exemption granted by Brigadier-General Pillow to some, I hereto append the detail of a conscript, James R. Smith, made by Lieutenant-General Polk; but also two authorities from Brigadier-General Pillow to recruit absentees from the army. The subordinate officers of the bureau are those generally who were supernumeraries in the field, or exempt form field service, and in most cases have not proved efficient or valuable officers. In this connection I would respectfully call attention to the number of applications for examinations and details in Alabama-the express company, steam-boat company, and the fire company who are now out of service, FIFTY-three conscripts in this latter company who are now out of service, waiting the action of the bureau on their claim for exemption. Justice and policy alike demand their immediate enrollment. I hereby append a descriptive statement of the papers accompanying this report.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Papers accompanying report.

A. Tabular statement of the personnel and material of Major-General Forrest's command.

B. Field return and organization of same.

C. Roster of officers, showing rank, date of commission or appointment, by whom assigned to duty, &amp;c.

D. Roster of staff and attaches of Major-General Forrest.

E. Special orders of Brigadier-General Pillow authorizing Colonel T. H. Bell to assume command of cavalry, &c.

F. Special orders of same authorizing Colonel Bell to raise a brigade of cavalry, with General Bragg's approval.

1. Authority of His Excellency the President of the Confederate States to General Forrest to proceed to North MISSISSIPPI and WEST Tennessee, &c.

2. Morning report of Richardson's brigade, November 6, 1863.

3. Field return of same, November 19, 1863.

4. Report of private stock foraged at Major-General Forrest's headquarters.

5, 6. Estimate of funds for stock impressed by Major-General Forrest's orders.

7. Statement of deserters from Army of Tennessee in Forrest's command.

8. Special Orders, No. 8, by Lieutenant-General Polk, authorizing impressments.

9. Special Orders, No. 15, by General Forrest, authorizing impressments.

10. Circular order of General Forrest, February 29, 1864, authorizing exchange of horses and mules.

11. General Orders, No. 4, by Major-General Lee, stopping impressments.

12. Special Orders, No. 53, by Lieutenant-General Polk, detailing conscript Farley.

