
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Tupelo, June 23, 1864.

Referred to Colonel T. H. Bell for his statement as to the organization of his command.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[THIRD indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Tupelo, June 26, 1864.

Respectfully returned, accompanied by a report from Colonel T. H. Bell.

The troops now under Colonel Bell I do not claim as my troops, but are Confederate troops, and subject to the orders of the major- general commanding department. I do claim, however, to have perfected and completed their organization, and to have been the means of gathering them up and placing them effectively and promptly in the service, by consolidating and placing together the various parts of which the brigade was to be composed. Russell's, Wilson's, Greer's, and a portion of Newsom's regiments were consolidated into two regiments. I have since organized a THIRD regiment, composed of a part of Newsom's regiment, the Tennessee companies of Forrest's (Alabama) regiment, and other unattached companies. The troops and their officers are desirous of remaining in my command. I am much attached to them and desire them to remain with me, and am of the opinion that it would not be for the good of the service to take them from the command against their wish. At the same time they, with all other troops in my command, are subject to orders from department headquarters.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, FORREST'S CAVALRY,Near Tupelo, Miss., June 26, 1864.

Captain CHARLES W. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In reply to the communication from Brigadier-General Pillow I would respectfully state that I received orders from him to go into WEST Tennessee and raise a command of cavalry for myself, at the same time giving me control of all the officers belonging to the Conscript Bureau operating in WEST Tennessee, all of which was approved and so indorsed by General Bragg. I raised 400 men and brought them out and made application to General Pillow for arms. He could not supply me for the want of them. I went myself to General Bragg and he furnished me with 500 stand of arms and accouterments and quartermaster and funds, and ordered me back into WEST Tennessee. When I returned to North Alabama Major-General Lee was there, and had given Lieutenant-Colonel Greer 500 stand of arms and accouterments. I then had 1,000 stand of arms furnished me by Generals Bragg and Lee. I then proceeded to WEST Tennessee the second time, having about 1,100 or 1,200 men-a nucleus for three regiments. I notified General Forrest of my operations, arriving in WEST Tennessee Forrest while at Ripley, Miss., notifying me of his movements toward Jackson, Tenn. On his arrival at Jackson, Tenn., he sent me an order

