
RICHMOND, VA., June 11, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE,

Okolona, Miss.:

Your dispatch received for assistance to repel advance into the prairie country. You have two brigades in South MISSISSIPPI (Wirt Adams' and Ross') and Roddey's command on the east; beside these, it is reported here that Forrest has about 9,000 under his command. It is conceived that your resources thus given would be more than adequate to the emergency referred to by you. There can be no enemy in South MISSISSIPPI to employ your forces in that quarter.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[JUNE 11, 1864. -For Lee to Cooper, reporting engagement at Brice's Cross-Roads, see Part I, pp. 220,221.]

[JUNE 12, 1864. -For Lee to Cooper, relating to engagement at Brice's Cross-Roads, see Part I, p. 221.]
HEADQUARTERS GHOLSON'S BRIGADE,Near Canton, Miss., June 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General ADAMS,

Commanding Cavalry DIVISION, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I desire to make to you, and through you to Major- General Lee, a representation of the condition of this brigade as to arms, equipments, and transportation as will fully advise you of its helplessness and inefficiency, and the reasons therefor, and to ask your aid in supplying its wants as far as practicable. When the State troops now composing the brigade were transferred to Confederate service the guns and accouterments, canteens, haversacks, saddles and bridles, and also all the wagons and teams, except two of very inferior quality, were retained by the State authorities. Some of the arms were afterward turned over to Major- General Forrest's chief of ordnance. Besides being thus deprived of such articles as belonged to the State, a large proportion of the remainder left in possession of the troops were utterly worthless and wholly unfit for use, especially saddles, bridles, &c. As soon as I was assigned to the command of the brigade I made requisition for supplies of all kinds necessary to a complete outfit, which were approved by Major-General Forrest and ordered to be procured. A supply of arms, cartridge and cap boxes and belts was furnished, and a partial supply of forage-sacks, when the brigade was detached and ordered to report to you. I am informed, and presume, of course, Major-General Forrest will give no further attention to the subject, as the brigade is not in any way connected with his command. I have received ten wagons and teams, only three of which are in serviceable condition; the remainder would have been rejected but for the absolute necessity then existing of using every means of transportation at my command to procure supplies for the men and horses. In moving to this place yesterday, in compliance with your orders, I was compelled to leave one of the wagons, three of the mules having died since they were turned over to me. One-half of my men are without saddles, and at least one- half of those in use are worse than nothing. There are upward of 300 horses in the command nearly ruined from this cause.

