
I desire as soon as practicable to put the brigade in a good and efficient condition, and have made requisitions for such ordnance and quartermaster's stores as are necessary for this purpose. I can forage in the vicinity of this place for several weeks, and will await your orders. I have sent to you with proper for such articles as are needed in his department.

I am, general, respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

S. J. GHOLSON,

Brigadier-General.

[JUNE 13, 1864. -For Lee to Cooper, relating to skirmish at Salem, Miss., &c., see Part, p. 221.]

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., June 13, 1864-10 a. m.

Major General N. B. FORREST:

River scout reports twenty-five transports passed Austin 9th, loaded with troops, coming up. Memphis and Byhalia scouts both report on 11th preparations to mount troops at Memphis; part of horses had arrived. The brigade to be mounted is from above and said to be 3,000 strong. Byhalia scout reports at 4 p. m. 12th 20,000 troops said to have reached Memphis on 10th, from above and below; heavy force reached White's Station night of 11th, working on railroad as far as Moscow Station, putting down new cross-ties. An order issued in Memphis Sunday exempting all blacksmiths and wagon-makers from military duty for six days. Byhalia passed Forest Hill up to 8 p. m. yesterday, going east; two of trains heavily loaded with horses inside box-cars and men on top; three trains open cars with soldiers only; three train had passed west, one with only a train guard, one with wounded, and could not tell what was on the other. A few stragglers had returned to Memphis; they report First and Second Brigades, SIXTEENTH Army Corps, with two regiments of negroes captured, with all their artillery, &c.

Yours, respectfully,

R. H. BONNER.

P. S. -The line is down below Goodman, and I cannot report to General Lee; I sent dispatch to Oxford to Lieutenant McConnell, to be sent by courier to Mobile road, both to you and General Lee. I will send this to our nearest command to be forwarded, as I have no men to send it through by.

R. H. B.

[Indorsement.]

TUPELO, June 15, 1864.

[General S. D. LEE:]

GENERAL: This is the latest I have, and I forward for your information. I think every preparation should be made to meet the enemy in case they should move out.

Yours, respectfully,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

