
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY, No. -. Tupelo, June 16, 1864.

Major Charles W. Anderson, of the staff of the major-general commanding, is assigned to duty as assistant adjutant-general of this command, and will be respected accordingly.

By order of Major-General Forrest:

W. H. BRAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN., Glade Spring, Va., June 17, 1864.

General G. B. CRITTENDEN,Heyter's Gap:

GENERAL; I inclose you a dispatch* just received from Captain Kain, at Bristol, in reply to one sent him this morning, inquiring if he had anything further from the enemy. I endeavored all day yesterday to learn something reliable from East Tennessee, but was unable to do so. There were a hundred rumors of advances, &amp;c., but nothing save what was bought by persons who had run away. I have received nothing from Colonel Morelock in addition to what was forwarded yesterday morning. He is in vicinity of Kingsport, and if you think proper, I will order him to continue in the execution of his original order to join you at Hendricks' farm. I sent the convalescents from Emory (about 60) to Abingdon, and had made arrangements to forward 75 more from Marion to the same point, ready to be used either there or at Bristol, as their services might be required. Being unable to hear anything from the enemy, I have directed the men at Marion to remain where they are. From all From all that I can learn, I do not believe the reported raid consisted of anything more than a scouting party. If anything further transpires I will keep you advised. Don't you think, in the present exposed condition of our front, that the prisoners at Abingdon had better be sent back to Marion or Wytheville?

Very respectfully,

J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN., Glade Spring, June 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. NEAL,

Commanding, &c., Saltville, Va.:

COLONEL: I deem it proper to inform you that a raid of the enemy's apprehended form East Tennessee in this direction. Nothing certain has yet been developed in regard to their movements. As soon as it is I will advise you at once. I make this announcement in order that you may be on the alert.

Very respectfully,

J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

