HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF, Mobile, Ala., June 17, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter (No. -) of the 6th instant, in reference to furnishing, for the protection of the salt-works at WEST Bay, Fla., a battery of four guns. Having recently sent off all of my light batteries (six), except one, to the armies of Generals Johnston and Stephen D. Lee, I am unable to comply with the request contained in your letter. I have, however, direction Colonel Maury, commanding the Florida District, of my command, to afford all possible aid and protection to the WEST Bay salt-works.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 81. Meridian, Miss., June 18, 1864.

It is with profound sorrow that the major-general commanding announces to the troops of this department the death of their late commander, Lieutenant General Leonidas Polk, on the 14th instant, in a skirmish near Marietta, Ga. This gallant warrior and Christian gentleman yielded up his life, a costly sacrifice, to his country's liberties. It would be superfluous here to recount the services of this lamented patriot. They are already before the world, and will form one of the brightest Page s in the history of this memorable struggle. His high administrative talents, his distinguished gallantry upon many battle-fields, his eminent virtue and kind and genial traits of character, have alike won the admiration and love of his countrymen. From the toils and cares of this fitful existence, from the blood-red field of battle, the Christian soldier has passed to that eternal rest which it was ever the aim of his life to secure. Let his memory every be fresh among us, and let each one strive to imitate his example and emulate his virtues. As a mark of honor to the distinguished dead the colors of the troops of this command will be draped in mourning for the period of thirty days from the receipt of this order.

By command of Major General S. D. Lee:

WM. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA., Meridian, Miss., June 18, 1864.

General P. D. RODDEY,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 13th instant I am directed by General Lee to say that you will keep 350 men of Patterson's brigade near Decatur, also to prevent raids from that point, whilst the rest of the brigade, together with Johnson's entire brigade, will be kept at Corinth, or in its vicinity, in readiness to meet another threatened move from Memphis. At this time, and as long is any considerable force at Memphis, it is impracticable to make any move into Middle Tennessee.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

