
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 82. Meridian, Miss., June 19, 1864.

The camp of disabled soldiers, organized under General Orders, Numbers 41, from these headquarters, Demopolis, Ala., March 5, 1864, having been removed to Lauderdale, Miss., all medical examining boards granting certificates of disability for field service will order all soldiers recommended by them for retirement from field service to report to said camp at Lauderdale, Miss., unless written application for their detail accompanies the certificate.

By order of General S. D. Lee:

WM. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SOUTHWEST MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA, Camp Polk, June 19, 1864.

[General S. D. LEE:]

GENERAL: A number of parties have appeared here with authority from you for taking cotton into the enemy's lines, among them the representatives of Mr. De Bow, who are selling cotton for exchange. The boats fearing my guns on the river, I have been importuned by the agents for safeguards for boats who come to take off cotton that can scarcely otherwise be gotten rid of. Not being willing to assume any responsibility in a subject so delicate to handle, and at the same time, general, desiring to carry out your wishes, I have declined to give any safeguards to boats till you were consulted. A majority of the soldiers in my district are citizens of this immediate country, many of whom, by orders, have had their cotton destroyed by the Government Without entering into too many explanations unbecoming a commanding officer, it is difficult to make them understand or become reconciled to the necessities of the present trade. Desiring, however, general, to carry out your wishes in regard to these cotton transactions, any contracts or orders emanating from you shall be rigidly complied with, as near as the nature of the country will admit. The enemy are in force in my front, as a large portion of the Red River army has been moved to Baton Rouge and points below, where they have concentrated much cavalry and two DIVISIONS of infantry, which they are rapidly organizing for active service. Should their attention not be engaged by General Taylor on the WEST bank, I am satisfied that they will make a move, endeaving to drive me from this country. On their approach, though with a much inferior force, you may be assured that no efforts will be spared to disconcert their plans and retain my position. My command being not yet fully equipped, I shall send my ordnance officer to headquarters in a few days, and will be obliged if you will have such facilities extended to him for filling his requisitionspower.

J. S. SCOTT,Colonel, Commanding District.

COLUMBUS, MISS., June 20, 1864. (Via Mobile.)

General S. Smith, with considerable force, still at Memphis. Indications are for rebuilding Memphis and Charleston Railroad to Grand Junction and another raid in force.

S. D. LEE,

Major-General.

