
Larkin Smith, assistant quartermaster-general, dated the 2nd of May, to collect tax in kind, obtained by Colonel Johnston, shows that this was the understanding of all the parties. These gentlemen, Captains Johnson and Blackburn, are favorably known to the President, and I am under the impression his wish was to give them an opportunity to serve on the MISSISSIPPI River. I feel satisfied that you will be pleased with the energy, reliability, and gallantry of these young gentlemen. They both have the highest recommendations from Brigadier-General Preston, upon whose staff they served for a year. In the battle of Chickamauga they were both highly complimented by General P. for gallantry.

Very truly, your friend,

J. P. JohnSON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 84. Meridian, Miss., June 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel George Deas, Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, C. S. Army, having on the 12th instant reported at these headquarters, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 87, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Richmond, is assigned to duty as chief of the staff, and will be recognized accordingly.

By command of Major-General Lee:

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

TUPELO, June 22, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE:

I am satisfied the enemy are preparing to move against me in large force from Memphis.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS., June 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General ADAMS,

Commanding DIVISION, Jackson:

GENERAL: A telegram was sent you this morning directing that Gholson's brigade be moved promptly to WEST Station, and notifying you that additional instructions would be sent by mail. The instructions of General Lee are that Gholson's brigade be moved as indicated; that about 500 men be left in front of Vicksburg, and that at least one-half of Colonel Scott's effective force be moved to Brookhaven or to some other suitable point in that vicinity. These dispositions are ordered in consequence of a report that a heavy force, under A. J. Smith, is about to leave Memphis for the invasion in such positions as will render it practicable to move a portion into North Mississippi, and to have still a sufficient force within striking distance of the Vicksburg front. It is his wish that you should remain at Jackson, but he request that you will hold yourself and staff in readiness to take the

