
First. The commander here should be furnished with a number of Whitworth rifles for sharpshooters; l by their means much injury could be inflicted upon the officers and gunners of the Federal gun-boats, which often anchor beyond range of the ordinary rifle.

Second. A battery of 20-pounder Parrott guns and one or two Whitworth guns should also be placed at this disposal. By their means the "tin-clads," as they are called (sheet-iron clad), could be easily beaten, the east bank of the river for a distance of thirty miles affording many fine positions, and the communications between these points being good for the heaviest field guns. A supporting force of cavalry in the Tunica Hill will prevent any attempt of the Marine Brigade to land troops. A battery of the description mentioned could either drive the "tin-clads" beyond range or compel a concentration of the heavy iron-clads to replace them. They could also interfere seriously with transports, compelling them to go under convoy.

THIRD. Communications by signal should be opened with the WEST bank as soon as practicable. Colonel Scott has just received a few signal men. When I cross I will suggest to General Taylor to open communications with Colonel Scott. A signal line from Clinton, La. (to which point there is telegraphic communication with Richmond) to the end of General E. K. Smith's telegraphic line, would place him in a very few days of intelligence from Richmond. As Colonel Scott is an enterprising officer, and has a particular aptitude for this character of service, you may rely upon his making the best use of the means placed at his disposal. Even with his light guns he annoys the enemy greatly, occasionally driving their "tin-clads" beyond the range of his guns.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. BUCKNER,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 146. Richmond, June 23, 1864.

* * * *

VIII. Major John S. Hope, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, will report in person to Major General S. D. Lee, commanding Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, for assignment.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FORREST'S CAVALRY, Numbers 76. Aberdeen, June 23, 1864.

I. Paragraph I, Special Orders, Numbers 74, from these headquarters, is revoked.

II. Captain Harper, Company G, Second Missouri Cavalry, with FIFTY men from that regiment, will proceed at once to Abbeville, Miss., where he will establish his camp and will send out scouts toward Memphis, and the points on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad in possession of the enemy. All information of the movements of the enemy will be forwarded promptly by telegraph or courier-line from Holly Springs to General Forrest's headquarters at Tupelo. He will arrest all officers

