HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY, Tupelo, 25, 1864.

[Major WILLIAM ELLIOTT:]

MAJOR: From the information I have, am clearly of the opinion that the force now moving from Memphis meditate the destruction of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad as far down as possible and then turn across to the Central railroad, destroy it and return to Memphis. I therefore advise the removal of all surplus stores from General and other points across in the direction of Meridian. I do not believe they design joining Sherman. Most of their force consists of 100-days' men-at any rate, a large number of that character have arrived and are arriving at Memphis. My scouts report that 184 wagons and 20 ambulances passed Forest Hill, twenty-four miles east of Memphis, and that 12,000 troops had passed up; but I think that an overestimate of the number which has thus far left Memphis for up the road. I have no doubt but that they have and will probably move with 18,000 to 20,000 men, a portion of which will be used to garrison the points already fortified on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, with a base secured as far east as practicable. They will then attempt the programme previously referred to. I respectfully suggest, therefore, that the major-general commanding order up, as far this way as forage will permit, all the available troops of his department. Besides three companies of scouts, I have 200 men at Ripley, and intend sending 200 more under Colonel Forrest, to go as near La Grange as possible and ascertain what is going on and keep me fully posted. Would move a greater force there, but for the difficulty of supplying it with forage, not having a sufficiency of mules. Have ordered all of General Roddey's force to Corinth, except 300 men to be left in the valley to meet any raids from Decatur; also ordered him to send his wagon train and all his unserviceable and broken-down stock to this place, to be provided for and pastured.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

TUPELO, MISS., June 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Aberdeen:

I wish you to have your command as near Okolona as nature of forage will permit, and prepare your command with five days' rations and 100 rounds small-arm ammunition to the man, and hold yourself in readiness to move at a moment's notice.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

TUSCUMBIA, June 25, 1864.

[Colonel JOSIAH PATTERSON,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:]

COLONEL: Above find copy* of General Lee's order of 18th instant, which you will obey at once. This order charges all the plans for the campaign into Middle Tennessee, but I still desire the force left to keep advised as to the position of affairs on the railroads, so if opportunity

---------------

*See Ellis to Roddey, June 18, p. 655.

---------------

