
RICHMOND, June 27, 1864.

General S. D. LEE,

Meridian, Miss.:

Your telegram of 23rd of General Cooper just received. In view of the threatened movement of the enemy from toward Vicksburg, you will immediately communicate with General E. K. Smith, or his nearest commanding officer, and suggest a co-operation without delay, in any available way, and upon practicable points which may present.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

TUPELO, June 27, 1864.

Major General S. D. LEE:

The enemy's cavalry is at Saulsbury, their main force reaching La Grange. Car ran to La Grange yesterday evening. The road has been badly broken from Saulsbury to Corinth. If they come out at all they will move from Saulsbury.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Pond Spring, June 27, 1864.

Brigadier General P. D. RODDEY,

Commanding District of North Alabama:

GENERAL: The enemy were out yesterday evening on all the roads feeling of our lines. They went back at 10 o'clock last night. Sharp skirmishing along the line. They are becoming bolder and more active every day. I have just seen the officers of that portion of the Fifth Alabama Cavalry now here. I have about 250 men here belonging to these companies and 125 belonging to Stuart's battalion. I will move in obedience to orders to-morrow morning, but I confess that it seems to me like sacrificing the troops. After very hard service last fall and winter my brigade was ordered to the vicinity of Aberdeen to recruit our horses. We then started out on a recruiting expedition. We had Gadsden. From thence we were ordered, without a moment's rest, to Rome, and continued the march to Dalton. We here went immediately on the front. We kept up a heavy picket-line in front of the enemy for five or six weeks. We then received orders to return to North Alabama. I marched to the vicinity of Decatur over a barren, mountainous country without as much as quarter rations of corn. My brigade was immediately thrown around Decatur, and remained on picket until ordered to Talladega in May last. During this time we were almost incessantly skirmishing with the enemy, and we made one raid across the river. When ordered to Talladega we marched 100 miles across the mountains and 100 miles back again. On my return to Moulton I found an order to move at once to Tupelo twenty-four hours before the command got up. We then marched to Big Bear Creek and back again to the vicinity of Decatur. We are now ordered to Corinth to meet the enemy. Four companies of my regiment that were left at Cherokee on duty and Colonel Pickett's regiment, that had just been relieved from picket duty, have already gone. Stuart's battalion, numbering but little over 100 effective men, and the remaining six companies of my

