
regiment are still here. You can well imagine, after all this marching, the condition of these men. I have marched over 1,200 miles in the last five months, under orders, without firing a gun; I have been in four engagements during that time-the fight at Madison Station, Fletcher's Ferry, Garth's Farm, and Moulton. All of these fights were of my own selection. I have sacrificed my command, ruined the horses of my brigade in marching and countermarching in obedience to orders, and for my life I cannot see where I have benefitted the country in a single instance during all these marches. Horses have broken down by the way in large numbers, thus reducing the efficiency of my command at almost every step. You are aware that all of corn. The troops that I move with in the morning, although once finely mounted, are now in very bad condition, and half the horses, so I am informed by the captains, are not able to march twenty-five miles without lagging and giving out. I beg some change for the better. Either order my command entirely out of the country, or let me remain on duty here long enough to get in condition to do something. If my brigade was inspected to-day there would not be 200 horses found fit for active service, although the horses, if in condition, would be as good as any in the service. I would not write this letter had the hard service which has ruined the present efficiency of the command resulted in any material good to the country.

JOSIAH PATTERSON,

Colonel, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF W. VA. AND E. TENN., Numbers 55. Abingdon, Va., June 28, 1864.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Morgan:

J. L. SANDFORD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 150. Richmond, June 28, 1864.

* * * *

XVI. Captain T. H. Atherson, assistant quartermaster, will relieve Captain H. A. Troutman, assistant quartermaster, at Camp Preston, near Montgomery, Ala. Captain Troutman on being relieved will report to Major General Howell Cobb, commanding reserve forces of Georgia, at Macon, for assignment to duty.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

