
MERIDIAN, June 28, 1864.

General COOPER:

The force of the enemy at La Grange for offensive move reported by Forrest consists of eight brigades of infantry, 3,500 cavalry, with 82 pieces of artillery, total, 20,000. Expedition being carefully organized and will probably start from Saulsbury, on Memphis and Charleston Railroad, in six days. It is more than a mere a raid and looks toward Selma and to [sic] with Sherman. There will also be a force from Vicksburg, where troops are still reported arriving.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, June 28, 1864.

Lieutenant General S. D. LEE,

Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Adjutant and Inspector General to invite your attention to the following views entertained by the President upon the act of Congress to organize a corps of scouts and guards to facilitate communication with the Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department, approved June 10, 1864, a copy of which is inclosed. It is proposed to raise the corps by selecting two companies on this and two companies on the WEST side of the MISSISSIPPI River. Of those east of the river, one will be taken from North MISSISSIPPI and WEST Tennessee, and the other form Southern MISSISSIPPI and East Louisiana. Captain Thomas M. Nelson's company might be taken from the first-named locality and Captain Owen's company, which has been operating in Wilkinson County, Miss., from the last. Both are believed to be well adapted to the service that will be required of them under the act. General E. K. Smith, who will take one of them from Arkansas, and the other from WEST Louisiana. It is greatly to be desired, that the corps, especially that portion of it in your department, should be completed at the earliest practicable moment, and, that there may be full concert between General Smith and yourself, you are requested to keep him advised of your progress. Instructions similar to those contained in this letter will be given to him, and he will also be requested to communicate in like manner the result of his efforts in organizing the two companies WEST of the MISSISSIPPI River. The corps will be commanded by Captain Thomas M. Nelson, who will be promoted major. The company officers will be appointed or assigned by the President upon his recommendation, approved by the general commanding the department in which the companies are organized. It is of much moment that no officer be recommended for assignment to the corps, and that no soldier be allowed to enter it, whose patriotism, energy, and courage are not believed to be fully established.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

AN ACT to organize a Corps of Scouts and Guards to facilitate communication with the Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department.

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That the President of the Confederate States be, and he is hereby, authorized, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint one major

