
MERIDIAN, MISS., JUNE 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General PILLOW,

Oxford, Ala.:

Move your command by easy marches to Montevallo, leaving 300 men at Blue Mountain, with scouts well thrown out toward Rome, Ga.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 57. Richmond, June 30, 1864.

* * * *

XI. The reserve forces of the several States are under the permanent direction and control of the general officers respectively assigned to their command by the President.

Department, district, and other commanders of the active forces may have, for the time being, the direction of the military movements of such reserve forces as may be turned over to their command interfere with any matters pertaining to their permanent organization, except with the concurrence of the general commanding the reserve of a State.

XII. When no longer required for service with the active forces the reserve troops will be immediately turned over to the commander of reserves for the State.

XIII. General officers commanding reserves for the several States will be held responsible in all matters relating to the efficiency and permanent organization of their commands.

XIV. Leaves of absence and furloughs will not be granted to reserve troops, except by the general commanding the reserves for the States to which they belong, or in accordance with regulations prescribed in his orders; but leaves of absence and furloughs will not be granted to reserve forces serving in the field, if, in the judgment of department commanders, it be incompatible with the public safety to grant them.

By order:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN., Abingdon, Va., June 30, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding, &amp;c., Petersburg, Va. ;

Your dispatch just received. I find there is much disorganization among the troops of this department since my return from Kentucky, but an organizing for the defense of the country as rapidly as possible, and think I can hold it against any force that is threatening it at present. Burbridge is concentrating in Kentucky to again move in this direction. He had about 7,000 troops. I have 2,000 in the department and will carry out youDon't you think a small body of men sent up toward Charleston, so as to interfere with the supplies of Averell, would render more service than it could remaining in his front?

JNO H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

43 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT II

