
completed, and are now retained at Demopolis, ready for use. I had also forty pontoons made a by contract at Columbus, Miss., twenty of which are used in a permanent bridge at that point. Fifteen are used in a brigade at Jackson, Miss., and five are at this place, held in reserve for any event that may bring them into requisition. A permanent pontoon bridge, consisting of sixteen boats, has also been constructed by Captain John G. Mann, engineer for General Forrest, over the Tombigbee River at Vinton's Ferry, near Aberdeen, Miss. Captain Mann has accompanied General Forrest in all of his movements, and has rendered efficient and very valuable services in the construction of the boats above enumerated I made repeated efforts to obtain the necessary transportation for fitting up the pontoon train suitable for field service, but the great scarcity of draft animals in the department has prevented me from doing so. The boats are, therefore, held at convenient places on the railroads, so that they can be shipped to whatever point they may be required. During the quarter the following extended surveys and reconnaissances have been made, viz: By Captain J. B. Vinet and Lieutenant H. Ginder, of all of the State of Mississippi, north of the Southern railroad as far northward as permitted by the enemy. By Lieutenant Vernon, of that portion of MISSISSIPPI lying between the New Orleans and Jackson Railroad and the MISSISSIPPI River, from the Big Black River to the immediate vicinity of Baton Rouge, La. By Captain W. J. Morris, of the Corps of Engineers, with a topographical party, part of the northern portion of the State of Alabama, taking Talladega as bases of operations. Maps of these various sections of country have been made and are on file in my office. My draughtsmen have been engaged in multiplying these and other maps for the department commanders and other general and staff officers, by whom they were needed. At is, I have had a force of detailed carpenters engaged in repairing tools, making wheelbarrows, ax, spade, and pick helves, and doing all the necessary job work required in my department. I have secured the services of a person for making photographic copies of maps, and have succeeded in securing a sufficient quantity of materials for making experimental operations. The state of organization and number of the engineer forces of this department have been duly and regularly laid before you in my monthly reports.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. H. LOCKETT,

Lieutenant Colonel and Chief Engr. Dept. of Ala., Miss., and E. La., &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 90. Meridian, Miss., Jul 1, 1864.

So much of paragraph II, General Orders, Numbers 69, from these headquarters, dated Demopolis, Ala., May 8, 1864, as confers upon the provost-marshal-general the power to grant passport through the lines, is hereby revoked. All such passes in future will be granted, if at al, at these headquarters, and by general officers commanding outposts, solely for the purpose of gaining information of the movements of the enemy. General passes will not be granted.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant.

