
VERONA, July 1, 1864.

PRESIDENT MOBILE AND Ohio RAILROAD,

Mobile:

Enemy reported advancing, and I must have my ammunition from Columbus to-morrow. It was ordered several days ago.

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, &amp;C., Numbers 14. Oxford, Ala., July 1, 1864.

* * * *

VI. Colonel Livingston will remove, with his command, to Blue Mountain, where, or in the vicinity of which place, he will remain for the protection of the railroad and iron-works. He will throw forward and keep out his scouts well toward Rome, so as to keep himself advised of enemy's movements. He will exercise the utmost vigilance to guard against surprise. Captain Higgs' company of scouts, in front of Rome, will remain on that duty, and will be subject to the orders of Colonel Livingston. Colonel Livingston will keep Lieutenant-General Lee, whose headquarters are at Meridian, Miss., advised of the movements of enemy by official [report], to be transmitted by mail. In the case of emergency he will send telegrams from Selma, Ala.

* * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Pillow:

JNO C. BURCH,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, &C., Oxford, Ala., July 1, 1864.

[Captain HIGGS:]

CAPTAIN; The general leaves this place temporarily with his command; Colonel Livingston will be left here with his battalion. The general desires that you will keep up the line of couriers between Blue Mountain and Cave Spring, and inform General Lee promptly of any movements of the enemy. The general wishes you to inform the transportation agent at Blue Mountain that he wants five platform cars in the morning or next at farthest.

Respectfully,

JNO C. BURCH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FORREST'S CAVALRY, Numbers 83. Verona, Miss., July 2, 1864.

I. The First MISSISSIPPI Partisan Rangers will move at 5 p. m. to- day to Ripley, Miss. The men will carry three days' cooker rations and two days' rations of corn on their horses and forty rounds of ammunition in their cartridge-boxes. Three days' rations and four days' corn in sacks and forty rounds of ammunition to be man will be sent to Ripley in wagons. Corn in sacks can be procured at Tupelo. The wagons will move at once. On reaching Ripley the supplies will be

