
stored and the wagons will return to the brigade. One ambulance and an ordnance wagon will remain with the regiment. Both the regiment and the wagons will move at night.

II. On arriving at Ripley Lieutenant-Colonel Hyams will co-operate with Lieutenant-Colonel Forrest in carrying out his instructions. Pickets and scouting parties will be kept well to the front to observe the movements of the enemy, and all information will be forwarded promptly to headquarters at Tupelo.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY, Tupelo, July 3, 1864.

[Major ELLIOTT:]

MAJOR: I have now between 500 and 600 dismounted men organized and in camp. They appear very well satisfied, and placing them in camp has caused increased attention to horses on the part of those who are mounted, and the policy will prove highly beneficial. There are yet quite a number that a close inspection will place in the field as infantry, and I respectfully suggest that the lieutenant-general commanding, order all the cavalry of his department closely inspected and the unserviceable horses sent to pasture to be recruited, and then order that no dismounted man be allowed to return to his cavalry command until his horse will pass inspection. By this means he will be able to get a good brigade of infantry, or its equivalent, and recruit horses that a few days' service at this time will render worthless. A number of General Roddey's men have run away rather than come to the dismounted camp, but once in the camp and assured of the design to recruit their stock the general's approbation I would be glad if all the dismounted troops should be sent up here for organization, as I am clearly of the opinion that a good brigade, if not more, could be formed. It would also give us credit with the enemy of having an infantry force, and useful. I shall have my command closely inspected and send to the rear all horses unable to stand the fatigues of service. To do otherwise would result in loss of the services of both man and horse and be productive of straggling and scattering men all along the line of march. There are many men connected with provost guards and in the State reserve between the ages of eighteen and forty-five, also a large number of men acting with these guards as officers who are not officers, and I am of opinion that a rigid inspection of all such troops and of commands on post duty at various points, together with attaches, employees, and detailed men, claimed as purchasing agents, &amp;c., who can be spared, will result in adding at least 2,000 men to the dismounted force.

I hope the lieutenant-general commanding will not think me presumptuous in offering these suggestions. Knowing and appreciating the necessity of having every available men in order to meet the superior force of the enemy now threatening us, is my apology for referring to the matter and making the suggestions.

I am, major, very respectfully, yours, &c.,N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

