HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN., Abingdon, July 4, 1864.

Colonel W. M. BRADFORD,Commanding Cavalry:

COLONEL: In reply to your communication of this date, the brigadier-general commanding instructs me to reply that, in case it should become necessary, you are authorized to call upon Lieutenant-Colonel Martin to co-operate with you in any movement against the enemy which in your discretion may seem proper. Should you deem it essential to use this force in any emergency, you will communicate the disposition made of it as soon as practicable to these headquarters. In regard to the expedition you propose, the general has it under consideration and will give you an answer in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, July 4, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

The enemy crossed Big Black early yesterday, exact force not known, and advanced to within four miles of Clinton yesterday; Adams skirmishing this morning with them. A raiding party, principally negroes, from Natchez is at Hamburg; a force is moving on them; the enemy at La Grange are still stationary, with a slight diminution in their force.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 155. Richmond, July 4, 1864.

* * * *

V. Surg. P. B. Scott is assigned as medical director of the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana.

* * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY, Tupelo, Miss., July 4, 1864.

Major WILLIAM ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I desire respectfully to call the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding to Neely's brigade, now with General Pillow. If I am correctly informed it is reduced to less than 600 men. I do not believed Colonel Neely an efficient brigade commander, and think for the good of the service a charge should be made. A portion of the brigade as originally organized is here with Colonel Rucker, and I believe if the three regiments under Colonel Neely were sent back to this command that in the course of twenty- five or thirty days I could bring them up to double their present number. The scare consequent upon the action

