
paper of the 1st instant to-day; blockade runners have brought dates of the 2nd with the following information: New Orleans uncommonly sickly, dysentery, smallpox, and fevers being unusually prevalent. No yellow fever yet, but it is expected, and in my opinion must prevail extensively. Banks in New Orleans under Canby; he is now Military Governor of Louisiana. The Yankee army, always at Morganza, fortifying and under the protection of their gun- boats. Great stir in Baton Rouge and Port Hudson; it is believed that no movement is contemplated in East Louisiana, but that the surplus of the garrisons of these two points will be sent to Natchez. If so they will be left defenseless, as now; the troops in Baton Rouge and Port Hudson barely amount to 4,000 men.

General W. P. Benton, who relieved General P. St. George Cooke in command of Baton Rouge, has issued an order, dated June 28, permitting the free entrance of cotton at Baton Rouge. This is a disastrous measure for us, as it will increase the already too great trade with the enemy. This is about the mount of news I have been able to collect here. The position of the Federal army in Virginia is such now that I am apprehensive that our communications with Richmond will be severed for some time, or else rendered precarious. In that case you may not be able to obtain for me the authority to raise troops within the Federal lines, nor to carry out my plan for establishing on the Acadian River a force of infantry. If such is the case I would be happy to join your cavalry command, when you take the field, as a volunteer officer. I am aware that I am unable to bear much fatigue or exposure, and with this understanding would take much pleasure in returning to active service. My experience in the arm of artillery, especially horse artillery, may enable me to suggest some improvements in handling your batteries in action, a thing of capital importance, and I must say hardly known to our artillery officers. I have been always taught and have always seen that well handled artillery plays the most important part in modern battles, and that both infantry and artillery [cavalry?] should in the majority of cases play a second part only. This is the Napoleonic doctrine, and unfortunately we seem to have quite forgotten it during this war, except at Shiloh, where artillery was used under my command in messes, and in my opinion decided the fate of the day. I will remain a few days longer here, and will b respect, general, I remain, your obedient servant,

J. TRUDEAU.

Please address care of Colonel J. S. Scott, Clinton, La., or to Mr. Hatch, C. s. Depositary, Tangipahoa.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C., Montevallo, July 5, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel DEAS,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I am directed by dispatch from the lieutenant-general to make "arrangements for getting prompt information from (my) force at Blue Mountain. " I left at Blue Mountain Colonel Livingston, Eighth Alabama Cavalry, with about 300 men, and directed him to furnish prompt information direct to the lieutenant-general. I did this supposing that I should not remain long on this line of railroad. I cannot make arrangements to keep up a line of communication to Tuscaloosa

