
without leaving a long line of couriers. Under the instructions I gave to Colonel Livingston I suppose this will be unnecessary, as I presume the lieutenant-general's intention was simply to get earliest information of movements of enemy in front of Blue Mountain. Captain Clark has arrived and reported. The dispatch of the lieutenant-general is received, directing me to move to Tuscaloosa. The condition of my horses feet is such that I shall necessarily be detained here one or two days feet is such that I shall necessary be detained here one or two days shoeing. I will move at the earliest possible moment. I have no supply train with Armistead's brigade, and very little with Neely's, and I see no chance of carrying forward supplies of forage unless I send cooking utensils around by rail.

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

CAVALRY CAMP, Near Talladega, July 5, 1864.

Major W. T. WALTHALL,

Commanding Post, Talladega, Ala.:

MAJOR: In obedient to your order of 25th ultimo, directing me to go with my command and such other forces as would report to me in the direction of Rome, Ga., I left my company, ordered to report to me by Major Barbiere, chief enrolling officer, fourth district, moving in the direction of Rome, Ga. On reaching Ladiga, Calhoun Country, Ala., where I proposed when I left camp to establish a camp, I found that forage and rations could not be procured for my men and horses, and determined to move near to Cave Spring, Ga., where I learn I could procure supplies from the country between there and Rome. I reached Cave Spring on the 28th. Between Ladiga and Cave Spring I was joined by Captains Bush's and Ramey's companies, of Calhoun Country, ordered by Major Barbiere to report to me. Finding I could more easily supply my command (having but small transportation force), I passed Cave Spring and established my camp at Big Cedar Creek, three miles north of Cave Spring. I drew my supplies from the country visited by the enemy as well as ourselves, and procured some abandoned bacon belonging to refugees in three miles of Rome. On the 2nd of July Captains Bush and Ramey received orders to return home, and left my force less than sixty men, until the morning of the 4th, when, having ascertained that the enemy were in greatly larger force than I had, were on my right and left, and believed to be moving with a view of cutting off and capturing my command, I obeyed your suggestion in your letter of 29th ultimo, that I "had better come in with all your (my) force," and my company, with Captain Hardie's, will reach their camp this evening and to-morrow. The force of the enemy at Rome is about 600 cavalry and 1,500 infantry. There are there now not less than 3,00 wounded men from General Sherman's army. The citizens generally preserve their loyalty and are subject to serve hardships and cruelty. I cannot close without giving it as my opinion that a good cavalry regiment could be subsisted off the country, and render very valuable service to our cause between Cave Spring and Rome, if sent promptly forward, The enemy are pressed from supplies at Rome, and

