
the country above indicated has abundant wheat and oat crops ready for reaping, and there are considerable quantities of stock, embracing hogs, cows, sheep, &amp;c., there almost abandoned, and in many instances entirely so by their owners, which, if we get, will soon feed the enemy.

Your obedient servant,

A. W. BOWIE,

Captain, Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]

TALLADEGA, ALA., July 5, 1864.

Respectfully forward to Major-General Lee, commanding department, asking attention to the suggestions of Captain Bowie, who is an intelligent and trustworthy officer.

W. T. WALTHALL,

Major, Commanding Post.

MOBILE, July 5, 1864. (Received 6th.)

General S. COOPER;

Reported from Charleston that monitors are coming here. Seventeen ships in Farragut's flee to-day. There has been some firing at long range for several days between Fort Morgan and the fleet. Enemy's fire damaged blockade-runner Ivanhoe, which was beached near Fort Morgan. Mobile is much exposed to attack now. Canby has been with Farragut. His army lies near here.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

(Copies sent Secretary of War, General Bragg, and the President.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF, Mobile, July 5, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I believe it is not improbable that Mobile will be attacked before long. To-day I have received a dispatch from General Jones, at Charleston, sending me statements of Yankee prisoners that monitors are coming out here, are actually on the way. Farragut has a heavy fleet off the bar. Canby has been there in conference with him. General Lee wrote me yesterday that he considers the movements from the MISSISSIPPI River may be destined for Mobile, that Canby's army will not again move into WEST Louisiana very soon. I have reduced my force very much to re- enforce General Johnston. I shall not have more than 2,500 effectives with which to repel a land attack. This includes the force in Florida. I very respectfully suggest that a co-operation of our forces beyond the MISSISSIPPI might at this time divert the forces of Canby and A. J. Smith.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

