
ATLANTA, July 5, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond:

I received your dispatch last night. I regret exceedingly that you cannot grant my request, as I am satisfied Sherman's escape with his army would be impossible if 10,000 good cavalry under Forrest were thrown in his rear this side of Chattanooga, and his supplies cut off. The whole country expects this, though points of less importance should be for a time overrun. Our people believe that General Johnson is doing all in his power with the means at his command, and all expect you to send the necessary force to cut off the enemy's subsistence. We do not see how Forrest's operations in Mississippi, or Morgan's raids as conducted in Kentucky, interfere with Shermans' plans in this State, as his supplies continued to reach him. Destroy these and Atlanta is not only safe, but the destruction of the army under Sherman opens up Tennessee and Kentucky to us. Your information as to the relative strength of the two armies in North Georgia cannot be from reliable sources. If your mistake should result in loss of Atlanta, and the occupation of other strong points in this State by the enemy, the blow may be fatal to our cause and remote posterity may have reason to mourn over the error.

JOS. E. BROWN.

[NOTE. -Received in the War Records Office too late for insertion in Vol. XXXVIII, Part V.]

RICHMOND, July 5, 1864.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Atlanta, Ga.:

Your telegram of yesterday [to-day] received. I am surprised to learn from you that the basis of the comparison I made on official reports and estimates is unreliable. Until your better knowledge is communicated I shall have no means of correcting such errors, and your dicta cannot control the disposition of troops in different parts of the Confederate States. Most men in your position would not assume to decide on the value of the service to be rendered by troops in distant positions. When you give me your reliable statement of the comparative strength of the armies, I will be glad also to know the source of your information as to what the whole country expects and posterity will judge.

JEFFN. DAVIS.

[NOTE. -Received in War Records Office too late for insertion in Vol. XXXVIII, Part V.]

[JULY 6, 1864. -For Morgan to Lee, in relation to operations of Crook and Averell on the Kanawha below Charleston, see Vol. XXXVII, Part II, p. 593.]

MERIDIAN, July 6, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

Enemy occupied Jackson yesterday, their force 3,500, and apparent object to destroy the railroad. Force at La Grange large and ready to

