
travel, it will be impossible for that command to leave this place before the morning of the 8th. I have had every shop in ten miles of this place at work. Neely's command will leave in the morning. I will move forward as rapidly as the jaded condition of the horses will permit. They are back without rest.

Respectfully,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, &amp;C., Montevallo, Ala., July 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE DEAS,Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I am so short of transportation (having with Armistead's brigade no supply train) that I am forced to the necessity of sending all the camp equipage around by railroad and using all my wagons to carry with me forage, &c., for the stock. This is anticipating my orders by supposing I will be ordered from Tuscaloosa across to railroad. Ordinarily I would not do this, but under existing circumstances I have no choice. The country over which I pass does not, as I am informed, afford either forage or subsistence. My orders to provide forage on the road from Blue Mountain to this place were not attended to by railroad agents, and the consequence was that I made the march of about eighty miles upon a very inadequate supply of forage, and the stock suffered very much. To continue the march without an adequate supply will break down the horses and mules so that they would be unfit for further service. I hope, therefore, the lieutenant-general will approve my action. I shall move in the morning with both brigades and pass on as rapidly as my horses can make the trip.

Respectfully,

GID. J. PILLOW,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

MERIDIAN, July 7, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

Enemy evacuated Jackson yesterday evening. Brigadier-General Adams fought them yesterday evening and this morning, punishing them severely; they are now in retreat to Vicksburg. Brigadier-General Gholson severely, though not dangerously, wounded. Enemy did no damage in Jackson to railroad or telegraph. Enemy advancing in force from La Grange and Saulsbury toward Ripley; am prepared to meet him; but small force at works in Alabama. Have sent several dispatches to General Smith asking co-operation. No reply.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.

OFFICE MISSISSIPPI MANUFACTURING COMPANY, Bankston, Miss., July 7, 1864.

Lieutenant General S. D. LEE,

Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: On my return home we sent forward to Governor Clark the names of eight or ten of the leaders of the conspiracy. A short

