
notice of the organization in the Selma Reporter has created quite a stir among them. The members are saying to each other that they had nothing to do with it, and are advising the officers to leave. I believe they will do so unless they are arrested. Captain Stutts, of the State troops, sent up last week Petty Dotson, who was the high priest of this county, and who was on his way to the enemy. If they do attempt to leave before we hear from you, there are one or two whom we will try to get the sheriff of the county to arrest and send to you without any charges.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WESSON,

President.

OFFICE COMMANDANT OF POST, Blue Mountain, July 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel S. D. LEE:

SIR: In compliance with the inclosed dispatch* from you and order+ from General Gideon J. Pillow, I established a line of couriers form this place to Cave Spring. This line is under command of Lieutenant Brown, Eighth Alabama Cavalry (Colonel Livingston's regiment). Since the relief of the former couriers (who were tendered by the Conscript Bureau), and the establishment of the line under Lieutenant Brown, all dispatches coming from the front are directed to Colonel Livingston, and not to myself, as was customary. To-day a courier in haste with a dispatch directed to Colonel Livingston. I asked of the courier the cause of this haste. He stated that the enemy had taken Cave Spring, capturing some of our wagons, and were moving in this direction, and that the dispatch contained the particulars. Others from the direction of Cave Spring confirm what the courier stated. I at once addressed a note to Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler (Colonel Livingston being absent) stating the substance of your dispatch and General Pillow's order to me, a copy of which note, with the indorsements thereon, I inclose to you. I would state that as soon as I received General Pillow's order, commanding a line of couriers to be kept up, and yourself to be posted, it was sent to Colonel Livingston. I would further state, when the line of couriers belonging to the Conscript Bureau was relieved, I at once demanded of Colonel Livingston men to re-establish the line. He at once sent Lieutenant Brown and the men under him for that purpose. Since that time the Sixth Alabama, Lieutenant-Colonel Lary commanding, has arrived at this place. Colonel Livingston being absent, Lieutenant-Colonel Lary, as senior lieutenant-colonel, commands both regiments. He refuses to communicate the dispatches to me, so as to keep you informed of the movements of the enemy, stating, as his indorsement shows, that he does not report to your nor General Pillow. I deem it important to inform you as to the situation of affairs, and to shield myself from blame. I would not address this note to you were I not ignorant of the rank and name of your adjutant.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. GOLDTHWAITE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

---------------

*See Lee to commanding officer Blue Mountain, Ala., June 23, 1864, p. 663.

+July 1, p. 681.

---------------

