
[Second indorsement.]

ORDNANCE BUREAU, July 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Adjutant and Inspector General.

All the heavy artillery which could be spared has been sent to General Maury. All the arms and ammunition he has called for have been ordered to him.

J. GORGAS,

Colonel and Chief of Ordnance.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF, Mobile, Ala., July 7, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL; I hear from several sources that the enemy is actively preparing to attack Mobile, that a fleet of iron-clads is now on the way, and that General Canby is preparing an army of 20,000 to 30,000 men to attack by land. The effective total shown by my last report of troops in the district is 4,337. On yesterday morning I sent to General S. D. Lee 600 men, and I hold a cavalry regiment, 800 strong, ready to go to him, in order to meet an advance of the enemy from Vicksburg. My supplies of ordnance stores are insufficient for a siege, especially the projectiles for heavy rifled cannon. I have ordered that the guns on the line commanded by General Page shall be furnished with 300 rounds to the piece; this has necessarily taken from the supplies for the guns near the city, few of which have more than 200 rounds. The only force I can now keep in Florida and near Pollard, to guard the road from Mobile to Montgomery, consists of a small battalion of Louisiana troops, about 200 effectives, and five companies of cavalry. The garrisons of the forts and bay batteries are necessarily fixed, and not available for the re-enforcement of threatened points. There are no troops left to me for duty in and about the city, except a few companies of "local troops," citizens of Mobile. I hope it may be practicable to send me re-enforcements, and to fill my estimates and requisitions for ordnance stores in time to meet the attack successfully. I do not believe the non- combatants can be gotten away from the city before the firing commences, when it may be too late. There are a great many people here not at very hard to guard against; they evade the pickets, trade, and communicate with the enemy. If arrested, unless the testimony is direct and complete, they are very apt to be turned loose by the instrumentality of the lawyers. The Ivanhoe, a fine ship owned by the cotton bondholders, was run aground near Fort Morgan in attempting to get into this harbor. The enemy have so injured her that she cannot be gotten off; her cargo was all saved. She brought in a case of yellow fever and her crew has consequently been quarantined. The disease may be disseminated because it was not reported or suspected until our people had unloaded the ship, and been associating with the crew.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, commanding.

