
that you send out immediately two or three good officers to examine the roads, creeks, and crossings on the New Albany road. They will report the condition of roads, creeks, crossing, and eligible positions on that road as far out as they can examine it and report in the morning.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FORREST'S CAVALRY, Numbers 88. Verona, Miss., July 8, 1864.

I. Lieutenant H. Ginder, engineer officer, will proceed to Ellistown and make a reconnaissance of that vicinity.

II. Lieutenant Dinkins, aide-de-camp, will proceed with all possible speed to Columbus, Miss., with dispatches for Colonel J. J. Neely, commanding brigade, and will remain to see the same executed. He will impress a horse, if necessary, to enable him to reach Columbus without delay.

III. A detail of four men from General Chalmers' escort will take charge of the papers and baggage from these headquarters, convey it to Tibbee Station, and remain to guard it.

IV. Lieutenant Dinkins, aide-de-camp, will take command of all the men detailed from this DIVISION to guard the baggage at Tibbee Station, and will see that proper care is taken of the same.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers:

W. A. GOODMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., July 8, 1864.

General WITHERS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Send all your reserve forces you can collect to Mobile with least practicable delay to report to General Maury.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, VA., July 8, 1864.

Major-General MAURY,

Mobile, Ala.:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. Colonel Gorgas reports that all the heavy artillery which could be spared has been sent to you, and all the arms and ammunition you called for have been ordered. General Withers, at Montgomery, has been telegraphed to send you immediately all the reserve forces he can collect.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

RICHMOND, July 9, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Commanding Armies, &amp;c.:

SIR: You will proceed to Georgia, confer with General Johnston in relation to military affairs there, and then, as circumstances may indicate, visit the country WEST or east of Atlanta, with a view to such dispositions and preparations as may best promote the ends and objects which have been discussed between us. It is desirable that you should

