
reach Atlanta as soon as practicable. Your movements thence will be governed by your discretion, remembering, however, that your services here are daily needed, and your return desired at as early a day as public duties elsewhere will permit.

Very respectfully, yours,

JEFFN. DAVIS.

[Received in War Records Office too late for insertion in Vol. XXXVIII, Part V.]

TUPELO, July 9, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

General Canby is about moving from New Orleans with 20,000 troops against Mobile. Commanding officer, Clinton, La., reports that the troops at Morganza went to New Orleans on the 7th. All I can do is to dismount a part of Forrest's cavalry and put them at Mobile. The enemy are advancing slowly from Ripley, 12,000 or 15,000. I deem it of vital importance that an infantry force be put at Mobile at once. Reserves not ready. Will send further information in detail.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.

TUPELO, July 9, 1864. (Received 22d.)

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department:

There is but little doubt that Canby is now moving on Mobile with 20,000 troops. It is of vital importance that a part of your troops are crossed over the Mississippi, or you co-operate in such a manner as to diver their troops. General Bragg directed me to confer with you as to crossing troops.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

TUPELO, July 9, 1864.

General CHALMERS,

Verona:

Send one brigade to the dismounted camp at once, and throw out scouts in the direction of Pontotoc and Chesterville. Enemy six miles south of New Albany on the roads from New Albany to Pontotoc and to Chesterville. Move your other brigade to Pontotoc at once and get there ahead of the enemy, keeping me fully advised of everything at Okolona. Send your ordnance and all other wagons to Garvin's Mills, on the Okolona road, to-night.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS., July 9, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LEE,

Tupelo:

No troops at Brandon or Artesia to Governor's call. Major Denis reports 350 cavalry and 200 infantry ready to march as soon as requisitions for their equipment are filled. General Pillow left Montevallo with both brigades on 7th instant.

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

