HDQRS. SOUTHWEST MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA, July 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. DEAS,Chief of Staff, Lieutenant General S. D. Lee's Headquarters:

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith the transmit various documents* pertaining to the movements of the Federals in this district, and to say that partly upon this evidence my telegrams to you have been based. These parties are employed by Colonel Scott as secret agents and are deemed reliable. The evidence of these several parties, each unknown to one another, and deriving their information from different sources, prompted my telegrams, and now to send you these documents. A gentlemen from New Orleans as late as Thursday last reports that the Federals are impressing ocean steamers, troops going down the river with the ostensible purpose of going to Pascagoula.

D. GOBER,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. SOUTHWEST MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA, July 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE DEAS,Chief of Staff, Lieutenant General S. D. Lee:

COLONEL: In addition to my letter of this instant, I transmit a document, marked A,* written by one who came here on the 2nd instant, and reports himself as formerly in our service in Missouri, discharged, and served lately as courier for General Canby at his headquarters in New Orleans, at the custom-house, who also makes verbal statement that he saw General Canby and some of his officers in consultation over a map of this district, mentioning the places named in document A. Document B*is the only information I have of Mr. Allen's character or intentions.

D. GOBER,

Colonel, Commanding.

MOBILE, July 9, 1864.

[General S. D. LEE:]

DEAR LEE: My most intelligent agent has just arrived from New Orleans. He says Canby has been preparing an expedition against Mobile for some time. He saw, on Monday last, I think, seven large boasts going to New Orleans full of troops. The day before seven other boats had gone there. Canby's force is estimated at about 20,000 men. I inclose a memorandum of my informant's observations. I have no doubt you will dispose of Smith in time to help me, and hope to have you with me or near me. I received the telegram placing me in your command. It is the best way to have these matters clearly fixed at once, and no embarrassment on account of rank will arise between you and me. I attach much importance to me informant's statements, because he is very intelligent, and he has never heretofore endeavored to make me fear attack.

Very sincerely, your friend,

DABNEY H. MAURY.

I am sadly unprepared at this time; have been drained of everything, especially men.

D. H. M.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

