
[Inclosure No. 1.] PERDIDO, July 6, 1864.

Major-General MAURY:

There is not much news over the bay at this time, excepting the arrival at the Pensacola navy-yard of a good many gun-boats-three steam frigates, one sloop of war, nine gun-boats; large number of transports.

* * * *

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] MOBILE, July 9, 1864.

GENERAL; I left New Orleans on Saturday evening last. On my way up to Baton Rouge between sunrise and noon, met seven steamers, two of them of the largest size, all loaded with troops and their camp Baton Rouge, informed me that a like number of transports passed the day previous. A few days before I left all the serviceable horses in New Orleans had been impressed, and all the lake schooners and light draught sea-going sailing vessels had been seized and were being fitted up with stalls for transporting horses. A pontoon bridge was building at Algiers and was to be completed on Tuesday, the 5th. The rumors were that the expedition for which the above was intended was destined for Mobile by the way of Pensacola. My impression is that it means a combined land and water attack against Forts Morgan and Gaines.

MOBILE, July 9, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Just heard from New Orleans. Canby preparing to come here with about 20,000 men. Expedition seems almost ready.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

ENGINEER OFFICE, Mobile, July 9, 1864.

Colonel A. L. RIVES,

Acting Chief Engineer Bureau, Richmond, Va.:

General Canby is at New Orleans organizing a force of 20,000 men; destination Mobile; probably by way of Pensacola. Eighteen war vessels are now off our bar; fifteen more expected. Major-General Maury has called for 5,000 negroes.

V. SHELIHA,

Chief Engineer.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN., Abingdon, Va., July 10, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I would most respectfully call your attention to the following statement: Reliable information reaches me by parties directly from Middle Tennessee and lower Kentucky that there are large numbers of men belonging to my DIVISION dodging and hiding in the locali-

