
ties indicated. The men are composed of absentees, deserters, parties who were cut off on my Ohio raid, and who have been disinclined or unable to rejoin their commands, and a great number who have escaped from Northern prisons, and finding a comfortable stopping point, have made no further effort to get within our lines. There are also quite a large number of troops belonging to the different organizations of the Army of Tennessee who were cut off in the retreat from Kentucky in 1862, and who have been lying around ever since, together with a great number of deserters from the same army who have made their way to the same points. These men, I am informed, are ready and anxious to enter the Confederate service again, provided a favorable opportunity is offered them to do so. They are afraid to come until some one is sent to explain their status to them, for fear that they will be punished as deserters. They are of no benefit to the country whatever in their present condition, and I respectfully ask permission to send officers to the localities referred to, with authority to collect and arrange for transmission to our lines as many of these absentees as can be induced to come out. I would suggest that a pardon be granted them for their past offenses, and that permission be given to all who will come back, and who do not wish to return to the organizations with which they formerly served, to join any organization from their own State they may deem proper to elect. I am aware of the irregularity of the latter suggestion, and it is only made with a view to the practicability of yielding to the country the services of quite a large number of the Department on this subject, and trusting that it may receive favorable consideration,

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 6, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 9, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

It might be expedient to send some officers to rally these men and appeal to their feelings as soldiers and patriots to return to duty. I cannot recommend that terms be made with them or privileges accorded. Such course would probably induce more desertions than it would reclaim deserters.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[THIRD indorsement.]

AUGUST 11, 1864.

Terms cannot be made with deserters at large, nor after having surrendered themselves, nor in the case of other absentees would it be proper to transfer them to other commands except for such special rea-

