
cently arrived from Memphis laden with troops. I have been sick in bed, and am not as well posted as I should like to be. The last of the troops passed Doctor Cook's this morning, four miles from Vicksburg, at 8 o'clock, and all said they would be in Dixie to- morrow. I am informed that seven negro regiments are among the advancing troops. I send you all the late papers.

Your servant,

J. C. HOWARD.

MOBILE, July 10, 1864.

(Received 11th.)

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I think I have enough heavy guns, but have not received enough of ammunition. I have respectfully sent estimates for supplies; have not 200 rounds for many of my pieces, and less than 300 for any. Please have arsenals near me ordered to fill my requisitions promptly.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTER VA. AND EAST TENN.,Abingdon, Va., July 11, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

There are no troops menacing this department now from any direction. The garrison in Kentucky has moved toward Chattanooga. There is only a small force at Knoxville. Where must I strike the enemy? Would it be best to strike at the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, or move to the rear of Knoxville and operate upon the Nashville road?

J. H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 11, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: Your telegram of the 7th instant was at once referred to the Chief of Ordnance, with the inquiry-

Can not the ordnance stores required, if not already sent, be immediately forwarded?

In reply that officer reports:

All the heavy guns asked for, and certainly all we can furnish, have been sent, and he is well supplied with ammunition and small- arms. An examination of his magazines made by an inspector sent from this office shows great want of care in the storage of ammunition and the condition of the magazines.

Your attention is especially invoked to this statement, and, if existing as reported by the inspecting officer, the evils should be promptly corrected.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

