
MOBILE, July 11, 1864.

(Received 13th.)

General S. COOPER:

General Lee, with all his force, near Okolona. Enemy advancing toward him slowly on Pontotoc road. Enemy on 9th encamped between New Albany and Pontotoc. No State reserves available to re-enforce me. No news of landing near here yet. Naval force at Pensacola increased. Eighteen ships off the bar.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, July 11, 1864.

General S. D. LEE,

Tupelo, Miss.:

You had better inquire of General Withers, at Montgomery, and learn what force of reserves can be sent to Mobile before taking the action you suggest. Your cavalry may be used to great advantage otherwise, when you can spare even a few thousand men.

JEFFN. DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF,Mobile, Ala., July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant General S. D. LEE,

Commanding Dept. of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana:

GENERAL: In compliance with your instructions I send Major Flowerree to report to you the condition of my command, and to give you the latest news of the enemy which may arrive before the moment of his leaving. I am anxious about the Montgomery railroad, which is much exposed to raids from Pensacola. I drew Maury's regiment to this side to be in place to re-enforce you, and then to guard the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and to operate against the enemy in case of his landing at Pascagoula. This has so much weakened my force in the Eastern District as to cause me much anxiety. I have applied to General Withers and to General Johnston for re-enforcements to be sent to Pollard, but as yet without favorable response. I think time enough will be given for you to wind up your fight with Smith, the result of which I do not doubt, and then to come here or send a proper force here, provided Smith does not succeed in delaying a battle. As the men sent from here were the heavy artillerists garrisoning the city redoubts, you can understand how important their services will be to me in preparing the redoubts, mounting buns, &amp;c., and I know you will hasten them to me at the earliest moment at which you can spare them. But I consider the imminence of a battle, which is now your prospect, a paramount consideration to a contingency here.

Very truly and respectfully yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MY DEAR LEE: I send you Flowerree with the latest information, and with statistics, &c. I have endeavored to explain to him verbally everything important for you to know. In view of the large naval

