
time a working force here adequate to the stupendous work to be done; but for the last three months especially work has been dragging along pitifully slowly for want of hands. However much it is to be regretted that for such a reason our defenses could not have been completed, the engineers of this department will, in case of the threatened bombardment or actual siege, use our limited means to the best possible advantage. Battery McIntosh is completed. Battery Gladden has only four 10-inch columbiads mounted, but the battery may be completed soon, thanks to the late increase of our transportation. Battery McCullough is in good condition, and a new battery of two heavy guns, which we expect to finish in ted days, will prove a strong auxiliary to the defenses of our upper bay line. Our city intrenchments are far from being completed. Redoubts A, B, C, F, and K are those farthest advanced; E, G, and I have no bomb-proof yet, and are open in the gorge. Guns are mounted in all of these works. But one redan has been commenced between Redoubts I and K; not a single yard of the proposed curtain has been built. Redoubts D, L, M, and N have not been commenced. By looking on the plan you will perceive that our present line is formed by the Redoubts 1 to 6,6 to K, K to A, A to 14, 14 to 16, with their connecting curtains. Should our working force on the city intrenchments increase (it has for the last three months averaged from fifteen to seventy-five hands) we shall be able to build the redans proposed between the new redoubts; also to finish a light infantry cover between these works. The Governor of the State, to whom Major-General Maury has made another very urgent appeal to assist him in procuring the necessary laboring force, answers that it will be necessary to send a force out to take them from the planters. Steps have been taken to obtain immediately a working force of about 2,000 hands now engaged at the salt-works in the different parts of the State. They will be retained until the impressment officer shall be able to furnish us hands impressed from the State at large. A greater number of hands could for the present hardly be worked advantageously, as this department has been furnishing General Joe Johnston's army with some 1,200 intrenching tools, and only 1,500 shovels and spades remain. We have about 3,000 picks on hand, the larger part of which could be easily spared, as I prefer plows to work on the surface of our alluvial soil. Our two permanent works, Forts Morgan and Gaines, will require a large number of sand-bags in case of a bombardment. They have been and are being made as rapidly as possible. Should the enemy approach from Pensacola a work near Blakely for the protection of Batteries Huger and treaty ought to be built at once. The engineers are thoroughly familiar with the wants and defects of our defenses, as well as with the steps that ought to be taken to remedy them. We have had, moreover, the benefit of the presence and experience of Major General J. F. Gilmer; yet, in proportion to what we have to do, but little progress has been made for want of hands since he left here. With our lower bay line strengthened in the manner indicated by my instructions to Captain Gallimard, with the defenses of the upper bay complete, and with the redans and curtains between our strong new works thrown up, Mobile will hold out as long as our provisions last.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

V. SHELIHA,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Engineer District of the Gulf.

45 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT II

