
[Inclosure Numbers 1.] ENGINEER OFFICE, Mobile, July 9, 1864.

Colonel G. G. GARNER,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The undersigned had an opportunity for ascertaining the effect produced by the enemy's fire on the scarp-wall and the citadel of Fort Morgan. On the 4th instant one vessel opened on the fort from a distance of two miles and a half. Out of twenty-five shots in all fired, four struck the masonry, the balance, having struck the glacis, passed as ricochet shots over the fort. The scarp-wall was struck three times. One shell entered about two feet above the bottom of the ditch, one 100-pounder Parrott shot seven feet, and another ten feet below the cordon. The WEST face of the citadel was struck in reverse by a shell, which passed the first wall and buried itself in the opposite wall. From the depth to which these shots penetrated, from the size of the opening they produced, and from the amount of rubbish that fell, it is obvious that Fort Morgan, in its present condition, cannot withstand a vigorous bombardment. The guns on the WEST faces, if not dismounted by the reverse fire of the enemy, will fall with the casemates on which they are mounted. The high scarp-wall will be breached by curbated shot. The citadel will crumble to pieces from the effect of either shot or shell, direct or reverse fire. These facts have not escaped the attention of the engineers, yet for want of laborers little or nothing has been done toward remedying the defects of our old fortifications, constructed at a time when an 8- inch columbiad was the heaviest piece of ordnance known. What is said here of Fort Morgan may be applied also to Fort Gaines. We have no ordnance that could compete with the enemy's heavy Parrott guns. He may keep up a vigorous bombardment, doing us any amount of damage. Long-range firing leading only to a useless waste of ammunition on our side, we must-

First. Protect our guns as well as possible against the enemy's shots fired from a longer range than we can attain.

Second. Endeavor to render the general effect of his bombardment on our parapets, bomb-proofs, magazines, &amp;c., as harmless as possible by building traverses, &c.

THIRD. Open fire only at ranges at which it will be efficient. I feel confident that even at the present moment, with an immediate attack threatening the fort, it would not be too late to strengthen the place considerably. The heavy guns, a few long-range pieces expected, ought to be placed on the enceinte of the fort, a base not liable to be breached.

Fourth. Every gun should be place in its own chamber formed by heavy rear and side traverses. The scarp-wall of the fort, or those faces exposed to the enemy's direct shot, should be protected by cribs filled with sand. A gallery, well ventilated, should be built through the whole length of the citadel. See accompanying sketch. *

Fifth. The casemates on the WEST face should be protected by heavy traverses built on the parade of the fort. The parade should be covered with sand five feet high. The line across the peninsula should be finished. The planting of torpedoes in the main channel [sic.]

Should these views meet the approval of the major-general commanding, and the engineers be furnished immediately with a force of 1,500 negroes and 100 carts, the proposed changes (the cribbing of the scarp-walls

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

