
IV. LITTLE DAUPHIN ISLAND AND CEDAR POINT.

Want of laborers will prevent you from completing at present these important defenses.

V. TORPEDOES.

Torpedoes in numbers of ten or twelve will be sent to you from here as soon as they are finished. Give all assistance in your power to the parties charged with planting them.

VI. TELEGRAPH LINE FROM CEDAR POINT TO FORT GAINES.

This must be finished at once.

You will give a copy of these instructions to the different assistant engineers so far as they may refer to the works in their charge.

Very respectfully,

V. SHELIHA,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Engineer District of the Gulf.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,Abingdon, July 12, 1864.

Colonel J. B. PALMER,

Commanding Dist. of Western North Carolina, Asheville, N. C.:

COLONEL: I am directed by Brigadier General John H. Morgan to say that he does not consider the order from the War Department of April 23 as detaching you from the Department of East Tennessee. He believes it to have been issued simply to facilitate communication with the Department at Richmond. He is inclined the more to this belief as no notification of the separation of the District of Western North Carolina from the Department of East Tennessee has ever been received at the headquarters of said department, save what was contained in your letter to General Buckner forwarding a copy of the order referred to. The brigadier-general commanding is about to make a movement against the enemy and desires your co- operation. As soon as you will move with whatever force can be safely spared from your district to Knoxville. The object you are expected to accomplish is simply to make a demonstration toward the position of the enemy in order to attract his attention from other movements that will be on foot at the same time. If, however, you have an opportunity to strike at the enemy do so, but do not depend upon any one for support. If you could destroy the bridge at Loudon it would be very desirable.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS., July 12, 1864.

Captain JAMES NOE,

Assistant Quartermaster, Brandon, Miss.:

Move at once, with horses, by Lauderdale Springs to vicinity of Livingston, Ala. Leave a guard with your baggage to come up on passenger train to-morrow morning. Send an officer here for further orders.

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

