
NEAR ATLANTA, July 13, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding, &amp;c. Mobile, Ala.:

It is not possible for me to detach eleven companies. Alabama reserves which I had at WEST Point are ordered to Mobile.

J. E. JohnSTON.

JULY 13, 1864.

Mr. J. P. FRESENIUS,

Assistant Supt. Mobile and Ohio Railroad, Mobile, Ala.:

DEAR SIR: I have just received your telegram, and have dispatched General Lee to order the cars at Tibbee Station at once unloaded. On Sunday I received orders from General Lee to have transportation at Columbus for 1,200 troops, and I at once telegraphed you; if the troops were not there I did not know it. I was, of course, governed by General Lee's orders. He again telegraphed me yesterday to know why the cars were not there ready for the troops. I have not since heard anything in reference to the matter, and suppose the troops were shipped. The cars for the hard bread go here all right, and the bread went up on the passenger of this morning. I am sorry there should have been any delay in unloading your cars, as I have to express my great satisfaction at the prompt and efficient manner in which you have responded to my late urgent calls on your road for assistance, but I fell satisfied that on receipt of my telegram General Lee will have them promptly unloaded. Whenever any unnecessary delay in unloading cars, on the part of officers or Government agents, comes to your notice, advise me thereof and I will speedily have the matter rectified.

Very respectfully,

THOS. PETERS,

Chief Quartermaster.

OKOLONA, July 14, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

We attacked a column of the enemy under Smith yesterday on march from Pontotoc to Tupelo, causing him to burn many wagons. We attacked him in his position at Tupelo this morning, but could not force his position. The battle was a drawn one and lasted three hours. We are in a strong position, and can repulse an attack.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, July 14, 1864.

General S. D. LEE,

Tupelo, Miss.:

If you have not received replies from General Smith, say to him for me that the enemy is reported to have withdrawn his main forces from Louisiana to attack Mobile, and operate east of the MISSISSIPPI River; that under such circumstances it was expected of him that he would promptly aid by sending troops to defeat the plan of enemy as soon as discovered. I suppose you have given him full information. If not add so as to place him in possession of all facts.

JEFFN. DAVIS.

