HEADQUARTERS RESERVE FORCES OF ALABAMA,[JULY 14, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President, &amp;c., Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: There are now of the reserves twenty-one companies of cavalry organized. There are several others not yet completed. Out of the eight companies organized by General Pillow, as a supporting force to the Conscript Bureau, there will be material for two cavalry companies of reserves. There are also in Calhoun County ten companies of mounted ninety-days; men organized by Brigadier-General Clanton, under the authority, it is said, of General Hood. The material of which these companies are composed belong both to the general service and to the reserves. Two-THIRDs, however, is believed to belong both to the general service and to the reserves. Two-THIRDs, however, is believed to belong to the general service. The proper distribution of this force will add three or four companies more to the reserve class. From that portion of this State north of Calhoun, Jefferson, and Pickens Counties but few men have been collected of late either for general or reserve service. Colonel J. C. Reid, of the Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment, who was ordered by General Johnston, and has been continued by General Hood, on special duty in that section, and who has been there for the last eight months, has just written me that several thousand men cane be collected if proper measures are promptly adopted. From the sources, certainly over three, and most probably four, regiments of reserve cavalry can be organized. To meet the wants of the cavalry portion of the reserves, to organize, it into battalions and regiments, to give to it some instruction and discipline, and with it to give vitality to the conscript laws in North Alabama by sweeping it of deserters and the Tory element, I shall be pleased to have Major D. E. Huger (now acting under temporary appointment, colonel of the First Regiment Reserves), appointed brigade commander, with orders to report to me for assignment to that command. With his appointment I should have two brigade commanders of reserves and would require no more. It is but proper that in asking for this appointment that I should inform the President of the fact of Major Huger being my son-in-law. As this fact has not in the past influenced me to an indelicate urging his claims to promotion, so now I do not think it would prevent my requesting it, when I believe it will prove promotive of public interests and when, for the position, I know him to be possessed of the requisite energy and capacity. There is one other subject which I wish to present for the consideration of the President. Under existing orders the supporting force for enrolling officers is composed of men between forty-five and FIFTY years of age. My experience, short as it is, conscript service. These men are for the most part indifferent, sluggish, and selfish; they have no heart for the service, and without it we cannot expect energy and efficiency. Now, if authority can be given me to accept and muster in some companies of sixteen-year-old boys, and officer them with some cadets from the university, I doubt not but that with this new force and the proposed cavalry organization I shall be able in a very reasonable time to clear Alabama of all skulkers and deserters.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. WITHERS,

Major-General.

