
RICHMOND, VA., July 14, 1864.

Major General J. M. WITHERS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Dispatch of 12th instant received. Send all available reserves, including the regiment at Pollard, to Mobile.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MONTGOMERY, July 14, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Between forty and FIFTY companies are ordered to General Maury; I am hunting them up. No authority has ever been given me over enrolling officers, and through them I have not received six companies.

J. M. WITHERS.

ATLANTA, July 15, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

MY DEAR SIR: Lieutenant Colonel H. W. Walter leaves here this evening, bearer of a letter for you. Having been long associated with this army he will be able to give you information of value. I should have sent an officer who served in the campaign if a suitable one had been available. Please consult Colonel W. on the conscript service in this State.

Very truly, yours,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

[NOTE. -Received in War Records Office too late for insertion in Vol. XXXVIII, Part V.]

ATLANTA, July 15, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President of Confederate States, Richmond:

SIR: Unable to convey to you by telegraph all that you ought to learn from this quarter, and knowing the irregularity of the mail, I have determined to send a special messenger.

I arrived here early on the 13th, and immediately waited on General Johnston, who received me kindly and courteously. Most of the day was spent with him in ascertaining the position of his army, its condition and strength, and in obtaining from him such information as he could give in regard to the enemy. The recent operations were explained to me more in detail, but in substance there was little but what you have learned by telegraph. * Our forces occupy the southeast and the enemy the northwest bank of the Chattahoochee, on both sides of the railroad. The river is not fordable until you get twenty-five miles above here. Within the past two days three corps of infantry have crossed to this side, and are intrenched from nine to fifteen miles northeast of this and near the river. The number is about 25,000. A brigade of cavalry in addition accompanies them. On the 13th this brigade of the enemy's cavalry crossed the river at a point opposite Newnan, and made a dem-

---------------

*See Vol. XXXVIII, Part V, p. 881.

---------------

