
chief. If any change is made Lieutenant-General Hood, would give unlimited satisfaction, and my estimate of him, always high, has been raised by his conduct in this campaign. Do not understand me as proposing him as a man of genius, or a great general, but as far better in the present emergency than any one we have available.

* * * * * *

It affords me great pleasure to report to you the entire and perfect satisfaction which has been given by your recent appointments in the army. I have not heard of a complaint, and in General Stewart's case the feeling is most gratifying.

I would like to refer to some other matters, but must close to get my messenger off by the train.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG.

As General J. has not sought my advice, nor ever afforded me a fair opportunity of giving my opinion, I have obtruded neither upon him. Such will continue to be my course.

B. B.

[Received in War Records Office too late for insertion in Vol. XXXVIII, Part V.]

TUPELO, July 15, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG:

The enemy are in retreat toward Ripley; General Forrest is in close pursuit. Will send details. A raid is moving from North Alabama toward Montevallo. Pillow moving to meet it. The raid from Vicksburg is retreating.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.

TUPELO, July 16, 1864.

General E. K. SMITH, or

Major-General WALKER,

Trans-Mississippi:

(Care of Commanding Officer, Clinton, La.)

The President instructs me to say the enemy is reported to have withdrawn his main force from Louisiana to attack Mobile and operate east of MISSISSIPPI River. That under such circumstances it was expected of you that you would promptly aid by sending troops to defeat the plans of the enemy as soon as discovered. There is no doubt the enemy are moving against Mobile or some point east of the Mississippi.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[JULY 17, 1864. -For Baggage to Pillow (two dispatches), in relation to Rousseau's operations, see Vol. XXXVIII, Part V, p. 887.]

