
ATLANTA, GA., July 17, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Lieutenant-General Lee telegraphs from Tupelo 16th instant:

After three days' hard fighting have compelled A. J. Smith to retreat toward Ripley. He had 15,000 men, mostly veterans. My loss at lest 700 killed and wounded, including many valuable officers.

M. J. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Okolona, July 17, 1864.

[General S. D. LEE:]

GENERAL: My wound is much more painful than I supposed it would be. I would like to have permission to go to Columbus in the event circumstances will admit of my doing so. At the same time will remain here and continue nominally in command if it is desired. In the event the enemy does not threaten any immediate movement against us, I respectfully suggest that Roddey's command remain or be encamped at Tupelo, Mabry's at or near Camargo, and Buford's and Chalmers' DIVISIONS and Neely's brigade be sent in the neighborhood of Pikeville, on Chuckatouchee Creek, to be fitted up, rested, and reorganized. With this disposition of the command, at least 100 captured negroes now getting up forage can be placed at work on the railroad, and in a short time have it open and running to Corinth. Mabry's brigade can be supplied with forage in the neighborhood of Camargo, and there is plenty of forage (tax in kind) on the Chuckatouchee for the other commands, and the men can also get vegetables, which they very much need. I could establish my office and headquarters at this place, remaining nominally in command, and have to a great extent the direction of affairs in reorganizing and fitting the troops for active service in the field and in gathering up the absentees. With the horses being recruited in pastures below, and those of dead and permanently disabled officers and men, I think the battalion of dismounted men can be remounted and sent to their respective regiments. I am also of the opinion that it would be a good plan to send one officer from every company to get absentees and to bring horses to those who have them at home, but have not been granted the privilege of going after them, limiting the absence of the officers to fifteen days.

The manifest indisposition of the management of the Mobile and Ohio road to do anything unless aided by the army, renders it very certain that if the road is desired we shall try to repair it, otherwise if the troops are not drawn back to the forage our terms will necessarily be run down in hauling it to the commands, and the negroes also be required to handle it along the railroad and place it on cars to be sent forward as far as the road can carry it.

As soon as the road is repaired, General Roddey, with his command, can occupy Corinth again, if it is desirable to do so. His command is brigade of his command, as he has present for duty barely men enough to make one good brigade. He can then have direct supervision over them and control the action of his present brigade commanders. His absentees will be gathered up and fewer of them scattered through the country. I believe it would cause General Roddey and his officers to be more zealous in getting up the absent and more vigilant in keeping them in camp when returned. Please let me hear from you as soon as the movements of the enemy will permit. I would like to have 1,000

