
of the new Enfield rifles for my command. We lost a number in the recent engagement and after dividing out and issuing the 1,000 stand asked for, will turn over to the ordnance officer all excess in unserviceable and inferior guns,.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

[JULY 18, 1864. -For Baggage to Sale, in relation to Rousseau's operations, see Vol. XXXVIII, Part V, p. 888.]

GREENSBURG, LA., July 18, 1864.

Lieutenant General S. D. LEE, C. S. Army,

Commanding Dept. of Ala., Miss., and East La., Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant Colonel H. M. Carter, who goes on business to your headquarters has kindly offered to take charge of this letter. Colonel Carter is the commander of the Tenth Louisiana Battalion Cavalry, raised by himself within this district, and is an able and accomplished officer. He goes for the purpose of laying before you some grievances having reference to his command. He is well posted about the state of affairs in this district, and I doubt not will be able to furnish you with some valuable information. Through an express from the officers of our companies organizing at Saint James and Ascension I have been informed that Scott's 900 [Eleventh New York Cavalry], a regiment of regular Federal cavalry, stationed on the coast, has been withdrawn and negro infantry sent in their place. Of course this will facilitate operations in that quarter. The redoubt at Manchac, with two field pieces, is now garrisoned by thirty negro troops. The isolated position of that post makes it an easy matter to capture its whole force by storming it at night. Our four infantry companies are now fully organized and armed. They require ammunition to enable them to move up Arcadian River as soon as ordered. Doyle's command wants yet 40 men to reach the number of 150, fixed upon by General Polk. Captain Doyle thinks he can complete it within ten days from the number of men crossing the lines. The three cavalry companies are now nearly full-one of them is from the Lake shore, the two others from the Amite. This force is now sufficient to commence offensive operations on the coast. The enemy has pressed all the horses fit for cavalry service within his lines, as well as a large number of mules, yet a well-conducted raid would cripple his resources and bring out many negroes and mules, while it would destroy the confidence the Yankee planters place in the ability of their Government to protect their property and their persons.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. TRUDEAU.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, July 18, 1864.

Major-General FORREST, Okolona, Miss.:

Your dispatch of to-day received. If the advance of the enemy proves to be true, you can be re-enforced sufficiently to make your force equal, if not great, that it was before.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

