SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY, Numbers 106. Okolona, July 18, 1864.

* * * * * *

III. Captain Morphis, commanding scouts, with his company, will report for duty to Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Kelley, commanding Forrest's regiment, Chalmers' DIVISION.

* * * * * *

V. The command heretofore known as the Sixth Brigade, commanded by Colonel E. V. Rucker, is dissolved. The Eighteenth and Nineteenth MISSISSIPPI Battalions will be returned to the brigade commanded by Colonel R. McCulloch, and the Seventh Tennessee will be assigned for duty to Neely's brigade. The regiment now known as Forrest's regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Kelley, will be assigned to duty with Neely's brigade. Each one of these regiments will retain its present transportation. The ordnance and headquarters wagons and ambulances of the Sixth Brigade will be turned over to the chief quartermaster of Chalmer's DIVISION.

VI. The Second MISSISSIPPI Regiment and Willis' (Texas) battalion are hereby temporarily consolidated. Lieutenant Colonel R. A. McCulloch will assume command. Brigadier-General Chalmers will assign the other field officers, according to rank, from the officers of either command.

By command of Major-General Forrest:

W. H. BRAND,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OKOLONA, July 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

Verona:

Move your DIVISION, Buford's DIVISION, and the battalion of artillery, with all wagons, ambulances, &amp;c., belonging thereto, to the neighborhood of Pikeville or Gladney's Mills. Neely's brigade is ordered there also. Send out and scour the woods and houses in neighborhood of battle-field to gather up all arms and equipments. Will send Roddey and Mabry orders by courier.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Okolona, July 18, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Commanding DIVISION:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that Lieutenant-General Lee desires him to continue in command. His wound is improving, though painful. His headquarters for the present are established at this place. He wishes you to bring back (after carrying out the instructions of Lieutenant-General Lee) all your command to the neighborhood of Pikeville or Gladney's Mills. The dismounted battalion is dissolved, and the men and officers ordered to their respective commands. In order that you may understand the order given and the disposition made of the troops, I inclose you herewith a list. * The brigade of Colonel Rucker is also

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

