
disposed of, and will be returned to your DIVISION. I will send you the necessary orders as soon as I can make them out. The general wishes you to scour the woods in the neighborhood of the recent battle-ground and get up all the arms to be found and everything in the shape of equipments. We have lost quite a number of arms, and the general wishes General Buford and yourself to make necessary details, and get up all that can be found on the field or at houses. Have written General Buford to that effect.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -GENERAL: Since writing this I have telegraphed you, and have not written General Bufford, as I intended, nor will it be necessary, as you can direct him in regard to getting up arms, &amp;c. Have telegraphed Colonel Barnett to return the dismounted men to their various commands. His transportation he will return to those who furnished it to him. Will your order him to do so.

Respectfully,

C. W. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 169. Richmond, Va., July 19, 1864.

* * * * *

II. The Nineteenth MISSISSIPPI Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Duff, having been increased to ten companies, by the addition of four companies raised within the enemy's lines, will constitute the Eighth Regiment MISSISSIPPI Cavalry.

III. The six companies of Tennessee Cavalry raised by Colonel Newsom and the four companies of the late Colonel Forrest's regiment will constitute the Eighteenth Regiment Tennessee Cavalry.

IV. The four Alabama companies heretofore attached to the organization known as Mcdonald's battalion, or N. B. Forrest's (THIRD Tennessee) cavalry, are hereby transferred to Russell's Alabama regiment.

V. The seven companies now composing N. B. Forrest's (THIRD Tennessee) cavalry will constitute the Twenty-sixth Battalion Tennessee Cavalry, to the command of which Lieutenant Colonel D. C. Kelley is hereby assigned.

VI. The regiment heretofore known as the First MISSISSIPPI Partisan Rangers will be known hereafter as the Seventh Regiment MISSISSIPPI Cavalry.

VII. The regimental organization of the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and SIXTEENTH Regiments Tennessee Cavalry, heretofore constituting a part of what was known as Richardson's brigade, is annulled, and the field officers of these regiments will no longer be regarded as in commission.

VIII. The following companies will constitute the Fourteenth Regiment Tennessee Cavalry: Captain S. J. Cox's, Captain W. J. Hall's, Captain J. H. Deberry's, Captain Z. Voss', Captain L. A. Thomas', Captain E. W. Jacobs', Captain A. C. Reid's, Captain James Gwynn's, Captain E. S. Elliott's, First Lieutenant C. C. Conner's. The field officers will be appointed.

IX. The following companies will constitute the Fifteenth Regiment Tennessee Cavalry: Captain P. W. Moore's, Captain J. L. Garrison's, Captain

