
abuses is herewith forwarded. * A record is kept of all the troops who do not belong here properly, and as soon as field operations permit they will be forwarded to their commands.

The health of the command is excellent, but there is considerable destitution among the men of Vaughn's and Hodge's brigades in the way of clothing and shoes. Estimates have been sent in to supply their wants, and it is hoped the desired articles will be forthcoming. These men have not been paid or clothed by the Government for near fifteen months. What is most needed here at present is commissary funds. The new crop of wheat is just being harvested, and the citizens do not like to sell unless they can get the cash for their produce. The crop in this section, contrary to expectation in the early part of the season, will be fully two- THIRDs the average. There is a dearth of transportation to collect up the supplies of the country and at the same time attend the wants of the troops in the field, but this is being remedied as far as practicable. The grass is very fine, and is sufficient to subsist the public stock without interfering with meadows, which has been prohibited by order. There has been no grain issued to horses for over to months. Since the break in the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad corn for breadstuffs has been transported by highway from Greensborough, N. C. If funds were in the possession of the chief commissary (estimates for which have been sent forward) it is believed that in a short time arrangements could be effected to supply the command with subsistence entirely from this district. We will begin the collection as far down toward Knoxville as practicable, and return this way. This informal statement is made simply to inform you somewhat of the condition of things here. Full reports will be made out in a few days and forwarded.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 9, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, as showing large proportion of men belonging to Jones' and Vaughn's brigades absent from their proper commands.

By order of General S. Cooper:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 11, 1864.

General Morgan represents himself as actively engaged collecting, &amp;c.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Montgomery, Ala., July 23, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, VA.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that in obedience to instructions from General Braxton Bragg, Big. General Gid. J. Pillow has

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 2, June 25, 1864, p. 664.

---------------

