
been relieved from duty in this department and has been directed to report to you, in writing, for orders. General Bragg stated that he learned before leaving Richmond that written instructions to the above effect had been sent me, but they have not yet been received.

Yours, respectfully,

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

MONTGOMERY, July 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General LIDDELL:

Send this dispatch also:

Generals SMITH, TAYLOR, WALKER, or POLIGNAC:

The movement of troops ordered by the President should be executed with the least possible delay. If the trains for the troops cannot be brought over, the horses, mules, and harness should be brought at all events. I will have supplies collected for your troops on this side of the Mississippi, but you had better send commissaries ahead.

S. D. LEE,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 74. Meridian, Miss., July 23, 1864.

I. Brigadier-General Roddey will proceed at once with his command to Selma, Ala., and report to Lieutenant-General or Major-General Maury, by telegraph to Montgomery, Ala.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

[P. ELLIS, JR.,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS., July 23, 1864.

Lieutenant-General LEE,Montgomery, Ala.:

(Care of Major-General Withers.)

Roddey's command leaves at 5 o'clock in the morning for Selma, Ala.

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CORPS, Numbers 1. Enterprise, Miss., July 23, 1864.

In obedience to orders from the Secretary of War, I this day assume command of the Reserve Corps of the State of Mississippi. This corps comprises all men in the State able for duty under the age of eighteen and over forty-five years. The State will be divided into two separate departments, to be called the Eastern and Western Departments. The Eastern, consisting of the second, THIRD, sixth, and seventh Congressional districts, will be under my immediate command, with my headquarters at Enterprise, Miss. ; the Western Department, comprising the first, fourth, and fifth Congressional districts, will be under the command of

