
gade, left to recruit, and of late defending the neighborhood of the salt-works, has been ordered by General Breckinridge to rejoin his command. The result as represented is to leave Southwest Virginia, and especially the vicinity of the salt-works, almost denuded of troops, and serious apprehensions are entertained lest the enemy may avail themselves of the opportunity by a raid to possess and destroy the saltworks and lead mines. I have felt it my duty to inform you of these representations, but at the same time have felt confidence that, your attention being called to the subject, you will make all the provisions that circumstances may require, and our resources allow, to duly guard these important interests.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 176. Richmond, Va., July 27, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Major General Jones M. Withers will take immediate command of the reserve forces of the State of Alabama. He will complete their organization and place them at once in service. To this end he is authorized to employ all enrolling officers, who are hereby directed to obey his instructions. He will establish his headquarters at such point as he may deem best. Officers of the quartermaster, commissary, ordnance, and medical departments are required to furnish all necessary facilities. All officers from the State of Alabama of the invalid corps, and such of the regular forces as are for any reason unassigned, will immediately report to General Withers, who is authorized to assign them temporarily to duty with the reserves.

* * * * * *

By command of Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

DEER CREEK, MISS., July 27, 1864.

Major P. ELLIS, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I most respectfully report that a few days since Lee's brigade of Federal troops from Morganza passed Greenville going up the MISSISSIPPI River. Last night about 12 o'clock four boats of the Marine Brigade fleet passed down. It is reported that a Federal force about 500 strong have established themselves in Bolivar County, Miss., opposite the mouth of White River, and it is supposed for the purpose of organizing a garrisoned post at that pint. A few days since they made a raid a short distance into Bolivar County, carrying off a number of mules and horse. On the 23rd instant a raid of negro troops came up Deer Creek to Brown's place, immediately above the mouth of Rolling Fork. They seized and carried away 15 or 20 mules from the neighborhood of Rolling Fork. This raid consisted of about 100 negroes, officered by white men, and, it is said, under the command of Major Chapin, came from Goodrich's Landing by way of Cammack's Landing to the Hill place on Deer Creek, thence up the creek.

