
One day last week a large Federal transport, the Runyan, struck a snag and sunk opposite Compton's just about the upper outlet of Lake America. There were between 300 and 400 negro and white Federal troops lost, and a large number of horses and mules. On the 23rd of 24th instant a Confederate battery on the Arkansas shore, opposite Carolina Landing, fired upon and sunk a Federal transport at that point. Most of the crew escaped to the cover of the gun- boat at Skipwith's Landing. Nothing is known concerning the casualties. Major Montgomery, of the MISSISSIPPI State Troops, now has a command of four companies-three in Bolivar County, and one in this county. I would further report that immediately after the raid of the Marine Brigade to Indian Bayou, which I had the honor to report some time since, I caused to be burned 175 bales of cotton on Sunflower River below Garvin's Ferry to prevent it from falling into the hands of the enemy; a number of boats having come up as high on the river as Buck's Ferry and carried off a considerable quantity of cotton, and, it being expected that they would also take this, I burned the cotton, believing it to be the property of Robertson Topp, of Memphis, Tenn., who is believed to be an enemy; since the cotton has been claimed by several parties in Bolivar County, and also by a Mr. Dyke, of Columbus, Miss. The three men of Bolivar County have applied for a receipt for said cotton, claiming to own it by purchase from Topp, while Dyke claims it as agent of Topp. I wold most respectfully ask if these contesting claims shall be satisfactorily decided whether it is my duty to receipt for it.

I have the honor, major, to be most respectfully, your obedient servant,

PERRY EVANS,

Captain, Commanding Scout.

UNIONTOWN, ALA., July 27, 1864.

Major General N. B. FORREST,

Columbus, Miss.:

GENERAL: I hoped to see you to-morrow, but am unexpectedly compelled to return to Montgomery. I wish you to take charge of the defense of the northern part of Mississippi. The prairie country appears to me to be the first object of our care. I know how disproportionate the forces at present under your command are to those which we understand the enemy has, but it will be difficult for him to advance far into the country while you are before him. I would not, if I could, undertake to prescribe to you any plan of operations. I wish you to understand that I intrust to you the conduct of affairs, and desire only to be able to aid you effectively with the means of executing your own views. I hope the nature of your wound is not such as to keep you out of the field long.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT, &amp;C.,Montgomery, July 27, 1864.

Major GEORGE WHITFIELD,

Assistant Quartermaster, Montgomery, Ala.:

MAJOR: I desire that you will, in the event of its becoming necessary in order to complete the Montgomery and WEST Point road, proceed at once to transfer the iron from the road between Uniontown and New-

