
bern to Montgomery. In executing this duty you will not only conform strictly to the laws regulating such impressments, but use every effort to secure the rights and feelings of the gentleman interested in the road. Do not omit to explain to them that the necessity is immediate and imperative, which calls on them to make this sacrifice for the public safety.

Yours, very respectfully,

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. -I have dispatched General Hood inquiring whether he can procure any iron from Georgia. In case he can, it will not be necessary for you to remove any of the Newbern road. You will ascertain that on applying to Major Jones, commanding here. In the event of your services not being necessary to remove the Newbern iron, you will proceed at once to the break in the road near Notasulga and superintend the repairing of the road. Please press it forward with all of your energy.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY, Numbers --. Okolona, July 27, 1864.

The two regiments now known as the Fifteenth Tennessee, the one commanded by Colonel R. M. Russell, Bell's brigade, Buford's DIVISION, the other commanded by Colonel F. M. Stewart, of Neely's brigade, Chalmers' DIVISION, will hereafter, until their proper numbers are given them by the War Department, be known and designated in all official papers as Russell's and Stewart's Tennessee regiments.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers, commanding:

W. H. BRAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ABINGDON, July 27, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

Will the Government sustain me in arresting the families of prominent Union men in East Tennessee and holding them as hostages for the families of Southern men who have been sent North? Immediate answer is requested, as application has been made to send parties through my lines, which will be dependent upon your rely.

JOHN H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ABINGDON, July 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

The detachment of Vaughn's brigade which has been serving here has been ordered by Colonel Breckinridge to Winchester. The enemy are threatening us from the direction of Knoxville, and the troops are needed on my front. They will be sent as indicated, however, unless the order is countermanded by the War Department.

JNO. H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

