HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 28, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday, with reference to General Morgan's movements. At the time General Early was in Maryland, understanding that the enemy's force under General Hunter had all been withdrawn from the Kanawha Valley, I directed General Morgan that, if no force threatened his district, he should move upon the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad WEST of Cumberland, and enter Pennsylvania at that point. I had previously learned that the forces in Kentucky under General Burbridge had been called to Tennessee to guard Sherman's communications. General Morgan was prevented from executing my order by sickness, and when informed of that fact and of his recovery, I inquired of him what other operation he could undertake with advantage. To that dispatch, dated 22nd instant, I have no reply. I have telegraphed to him to-day informing him of the reports contained in your letter, and directing him to do nothing that will unduly expose the district in which he commands. The return of General Vaughn's men to their brigade was ordered by General Breckinridge, and upon learning from General Morgan that they would be needed to defend the salt-works, &amp;c., I directed him to communicate with General B., since which time I have heard nothing of the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., July 29, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY:

GENERAL: Immediately upon the receipt of your letter of to-day General Bragg called to see you and found you had. He desires me to say to you that as he passed WEST Point, coming this way, he instructed the officer commanding the reserves that he could not be called beyond the limits of the State of Alabama for service. There is much difficulty in procuring funds, but the general will give the matter attention upon his return to Richmond.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. PARKER,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Okolona, July 29, 1864.

Colonel J. J. NEELY,

Commanding DIVISION:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Chalmers is just in receipt of the subjoined telegram:

COLUMBUS, July 29, 1864.

Send a good company, with a prudent officer, to La Fayette County, Ala., near La Fayette Court-House, and arrest Captain Gouldin and his company, and dismount and bring them to your headquarters with as little delay as possible.

N. B. FORREST.

