
General Chalmers instructs me to say that you will at once execute this order by sending one of your best companies, and select it from those who are well acquainted in the country.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. BRAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery, July 29, 1864.

General D. H. MAURY:

DEAR SIR: Please give an order to Colonel L. C. Garland, commanding the corps of cadets, to remove the corps to Blue Mountain. I ordered him to report at Selma to commandant of post there. By the 5th day of August he will have 220 or 230. They are well-drilled boys from the University of Alabama. I spoke to you of them in our interview yesterday.

Very respectfully, yours,

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

[Indorsement.]

Issue orders in accordance with the wish of Governor Watts, herein expressed.

D. H. M.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Montgomery, July 29, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE DEAS,

Chief of Staff, Meridian, Miss.:

MY DEAR COLONEL: Please issue immediate orders to the following effect: The district assigned to command of Brigadier-General Liddell will be bounded by a line running due east from Natchez to Pearl River, and by the MISSISSIPPI and Pearl Rivers north of that line. The district of Brigadier General Wirt Adams will include all that portion of MISSISSIPPI north of General Liddell's district between Pearl and MISSISSIPPI Rivers as far up as Grenada. For the present the force in Liddell's district will consist of Scott's brigade; that in Adams' of Mabry's brigade and Wood's battalion. Enjoin upon these officers that there must be the most prompt co- operation between them in carrying out all measures called for by the public interests. Please instruct General Liddell to occupy himself at once in making preparations to enable General Smith to cross his forces over the river and to facilitate communication with the Trans-MISSISSIPPI for the object. General Adams will aid him in this. Ellis' Cliff, below Natchez, is suggested for his consideration as a good point to command the river. He will require batteries of rifled guns. Some may be sent to him from Mobile. Explain that it was not the purpose of the President to supersede General Adams in the district he has so ably commanded.

I am, colonel, yours, very respectfully and truly,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

