
ABINGDON, July 30, 1864.

General B. BRAGG:

I do not regard my department as threatened at present from any direction. I could organize an expedition of 500 or 600 men to move through North Carolina, via Asheville, Franklin, &amp;c. and operate on the railroad in Sherman's rear, if the Government deems it advisable. By moving in the direction indicated the enemy will not be notified of the movement until the railroad is reached. I feel confident that rail and telegraphic communication with Sherman could be destroyed for several days without any great danger.

JNO H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to His Excellency the President for his information.

Attention respectfully invited to General Morgan's telegram 28th to Adjutant and Inspector General saying he is threatened from Knoxville.

[Second indorsement.]

JULY 31, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The conflict of statements made by General Morgan on the 28th and 30th instant are not comprehended. The dispatch of Senator Haynes sent to you exhibited a state of affairs irreconcilable with the last telegram of General Morgan. It is very desirable to make a demonstration, even which would operate as a diversion in favor of may at Atlanta, and still move so to destroy the depots of the enemy and the railroad connecting them with Sherman's army. The route suggested does not seem easy, but may be practicable. Further inquiry is necessary before judgment can be rendered, and it would also be proper to consult General Lee, under whose orders General Morgan's force is and has been for some time.

JEFFN. DAVIS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF W. VA. AND E. TENN., Numbers 85. Abingdon, July 30, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. Colonel G. B. Crittenden, C. S. Army, is hereby assigned to the command of all the mounted troops of the department serving in East Tennessee and Lee County, Va.

He will establish his headquarters at Carter's Depot, and will make such distribution of the forces under his command as will best protect the front to which he has been assigned from any advance of the enemy.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Morgan:

J. L. SANDFORD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

