HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,Abingdon, Va., July 30, 1864.

Colonel D. H. SMITH,

Commanding Morgan's DIVISION:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you will order Colonel Giltner to move with his brigade to Bull's Gap, East Tenn. You will except in your order the troops of Hodge's brigade, who have been serving with Colonel Giltner's command, and will direct them to remain in the vicinity of their present camp under the command of the senior officer, and report direct to these headquarters until further orders. The picket on the Pound Gap road you will order to rejoin its command. The Sixty-fourth Virginia Regiment will remain at its present position until otherwise directed.

Very respectfully,

J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 179. Richmond, July 30, 1864.

* * * * *

VII. Captain W. J. Morris, Engineer Corps, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty in the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, and will report accordingly.

* * * * *

XXVIII. Major J. D. Bradford, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty in the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana and will report to Lieutenant General S. D. Lee, commanding, &amp;c.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PROVOST-MARSHAL'S OFFICE,

Shubuta, Miss., July 30, 1864.

Colonel T. H. TAYLOR,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to you my monthly report for the month of July, and colonel, I would call your attention to the situation of the country and Government property through this and Jones and Jasper Counties on account of the numerous quantity and boldness of the deserters. Captain Fish, the Government quartermaster here for the impressment and purchase of beef-cattle, has applied to me for assistance, but having no men can render him none. The deserters turned out over 150 head of the cattle that he had collected for the Government the other day, and scattered them in the swamps, and threatened the lives of any of his agents who may go through those counties on business. Four of these deserters came in four miles of this town a few days ago and pulled a quantity of green corn, that they destroyed. I think, with a few men that know the woods, I could have this property protected, if not capture the deserters, and I will propose Captain McGriff's

