
not too strongly urge your interference and assistance to enable Colonel Meriwether to obtain the five miles in question without delay. Colonel M[eriwether] has been instructed to place himself in communication with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. GILMER,

Major-General and Chief of Bureau.

P. S. -Will you issue an order, as commander of the department, based on the military necessity?

J. F. G.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VA. AND EAST TENN.,Abingdon, Va., July 31, 1864.

Colonel G. B. CRITTENDEN,

Commanding Forces in East Tennessee:

COLONEL: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to inform you that Colonel Giltner, with his brigade, has been ordered to Bull's Gap, in Tennessee. Lieutenant-Colonel Martin, with his command, is ordered to the vicinity of Rogersville; Major Cassell's battalion is ordered to the vicinity of Taylorsville, in Johnson County, and Lillard's force will be ordered to Lee County, Va., as soon as the forces of Colonel Giltner move down, so as to relieve them from duty on the front. He relies upon you confidently for the organization and discipline of the troops which have been placed under your command, and would call your attention especially to the rigid execution of General Orders, Numbers 2, from these headquarters (a copy of which is herewith inclosed). * You will make such arrangements to insure the co-operation of the forces indicated against any advance of the enemy as in your discretion you may deem most judicious.

Very respectfully,

J. L. SANDFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 98. Meridian, Miss., July 31, 1864.

Commanders of posts within this department will see that the quartermasters and commissaries under their command do furnish promptly all supplies required by the several States reserves and militia, who may be assembled at or near their respective posts.

By command of Major-General Maury:

GEO. DEAS,

Chief of Staff.

JULY 31, 1864.

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS,

Jackson, Miss.:

I have already sent the orders to Meridian for publication dividing the district; General Liddell to command from Natchez down, and General Adams from Natchez to Grenada. You and General Liddell can make the necessary arrangements for executing the orders at once.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See June 25, 1864, p. 664.

---------------

