
from Decatur is, as yet, reported small, and ought to be checked by the reserves and other troops in Alabama. We beg leave, therefore, to suggest for the consideration of the major-general commanding the department that the forces from below be concentrated with this command on the northern line; but should he disapprove, we still recommend a concentration of our whole force to meet one of the columns. We are preparing fortifications here which, if manned by the whole force we had here before, may enable us to defeat the enemy. Our effective force is 5,357, but we are very much crippled in officers. Both of my brigade commanders are wounded, also a brigade commander of General Bufford's DIVISION, and most of the field officers of the command were either killed or wounded in the late engagement.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, Miss., August 1, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: Inclosed I send you reports, field returns, &amp;c., of the command of Brigadier General Wirt Adams. Colonel Mabry's brigade has been temporarily attached to the command of Major-General Forrest-has been recently ordered to report to General Adams-and not inspected by me. This brigade suffered severely at the battle of Harrisburg, miss., on the 13th, 14th, and 15th ultimo, and General Adams informs me, reports not more than 400 men for duty. I call your attention to the number of officers and men absent with and without leave. Brigadier-General Gholson's brigade is not present with the command. It is not a reliable command, as reported to me by General Adams. He advises that they be dismounted and put with old troops. Colonel Scott's brigade was not inspected by me, being stationed in East Louisiana and at various points in Southwest Mississippi, and without transportation I could not reach it. Its condition, as reported by General Adams, is bad-no clothing, shoes, blankets; without pay for a year; new organizations, and deficient in discipline. Subsistence and forage in good and sufficient quantities in the district in which his command now is. Colonel Wood's brigade is in good condition. The battalion commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Moorman is composed of four companies only. He was appointed by department commander. These troops are deficient in drill and discipline. Subsistence and forage are procured from the Big Black, Yazoo, and Tallahatchie River bottoms in good and sufficient quantities and in district adjoining. The troops service, and, with the exception of Colonel Wood's regiment, I saw very report are inefficient and should not be brigaded with old troops until they had seen service to make them reliable. Throughout this command affairs are conducted somewhat loosely, owing to the extent of the district and the small force to protect it. The large numbers of officers and men absent with and without leave will develop this fact fully.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ANDREW J. KELLAR,

Colonel, Provisional Army, C. S., Actg. Asst. Insp. General

