
[MERIDIAN, MISS., August 1, 1864.]

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

(Care of Colonel T. H. Rosser, Selma, Ala.):

Orders from General Bragg prohibit the removal of Roddey's brigade from your district. Order the battalion of Tuscaloosa Cadets to report to Colonel Henry Maury, at Pollard, immediately.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MERIDIAN, August 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General LIDDELL,

Jackson, Miss.:

Orders to be issued to-day: Brigadier-General Liddell to command the district bounded by the MISSISSIPPI and Pearl Rivers, and a line running due east from Natchez to the latter river. Brigadier- General Adams to command the district north of that line as far as Grenada. Colonel Mabry to be assigned to his former brigade. Every exertion to be made to facilitate the crossing of troops from the Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department. Ellis' Cliff suggested as a good point to command the river below Natchez. Rifled guns will be necessary; some may be sent from Mobile. Act at once on this dispatch. The written instructions will follow.

By order of Major-General Maury:

GEO. DEAS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 2, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday in relation to General Morgan. If General Morgan could accomplish the object he proposes without endangering the lead and salt works in Southwest Virginia it would certainly be a valuable service, but I think it very important that the whole country in which his command now is should not be stripped of troops so as to invite an expedition of the enemy. I know of no troops that could replace General Morgan at this time, and his withdrawal would leave open the whole country from the lower Valley of Virginia to Northern Georgia. I think, however, that he might with advantage to Northwestern Virginia collect all the cattle and horses he can, and even threaten or enter Pennsylvania from that quarter, and if there is no force now threatening him should prefer such an expedition to the one he proposes. He would not then be out of reach of the interests with the defense of which he is specially charged, and at the same time would be likely to draw after him any force that may be in Western Virginia and make a diversion in favor of General Early. If there were any troops to take his place I should not object to his undertaking the movement against Sherman's communications, but the situation of affairs in the Valley makes it impossible at present to return any of those under General Breckinridge, and I know of no others.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

