
[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 4, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President. It will be seen that, as expected, General Lee does not approve of General Morgan's proposed expedition to the rear of Sherman, but prefers that, if secure from the advance of the enemy in Southwestern Virginia, he should make a diversion in Northwestern Virginia and Pennsylvania. The best course, I presume, will be to leave him to General Lee's direction.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 5, 1864.

I concur in the conclusion that General Lee is best qualified to judge of the positions to be occupied and movements to be made by the troops of his command, and should be left to the free exercise of his discretion in such details.

J. D.

MERIDIAN, August 2, 1864.

(Via Mobile 3d.)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

General Forrest reports a large force, 14,000, at La Grange. An advance force at Lamar Station, on the MISSISSIPPI Central Railroad. A raid reported moving from Decatur, Ala. Twenty-three vessels, including three iron-clads, off Mobile Bar. Enemy reported concentrating at Morganza to prevent suspected transfer of our troops.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

MACON, August 2, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Meridian, Miss.:

GENERAL: All the State troops have been ordered to report to Brigadier General W. Adams except three; of the these last, two are efficient and were with General Forrest in the late operations in North Mississippi. They are now in Winston and Kemper Counties and ready for orders. There are a number of companies of minute-men (militia) who may be made available, and by a call some few hundred militia may be obtained. I regret to send you such a "beggarly amount. " If you should deem the emergency so pressing as to require it I will make the call. Please keep me posted by telegraph. I hope the Legislature, which meets to-morrow, will make some beneficial changes in the military laws.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.

MERIDIAN, MISS., August 2, 1864.

Governor CHARLES CLARK,

Macon, Miss.:

I have arranged General Adams' command satisfactorily to him. A column is reported preparing to invade North Mississippi, another to

