
be moving down in the North Alabama. A large fleet, including three iron-clads, reported this morning off Mobile. We must energetically organize and put into the field every available man. I have charged Forrest with defense of prairie country. Can't you rally all men to him?

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 84. Meridian, Miss., August 2, 1864.

* * * * *

V. The district assigned to the command of Brigadier-General Liddell will comprise the country south of a line running due east from Natchez to the Pearl River.

VI. Brigadier General W. Adams is assigned to the command of the district of country north of the above-mentioned line as far as Grenada.

VII. Colonel H. P. Mabry is assigned to the command of the troops lately known as Mabry's brigade, and will report person to Brigadier General W. Adams.

VIII. Lieutenant Colonel W. E. Pinkney, Eighth Louisiana Battalion Artillery, is hereby assigned to the command of the post of Clinton, La.

IX. Captain Charles T. Biser is hereby temporarily assigned to duty as commandant of the post of Oxford, Miss.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Maury:

GEO. DEAS,Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,

Meridian, August 2, 1864.

Major General N. B. FORREST,

Okolona:

DEAR GENERAL: I wrote you from Montgomery, but believing you did not receive that letter, write again to say I intrust to you the operations against the enemy threatening an invasion of North Mississippi. I would not, if I could, interfere with your plan for conducting those operations, but must confine myself to the duty of sending you the means, so far as I can, of accomplishing the successful results it has been your good fortune so constantly to achieve. I need not explain to you the embarrassments surrounding me at this time, which may compel me to fall short of what you may require in the way of re-enforcements. By the telegraph this morning I am informed that a heavy column is advancing from La Grange; that a raid is moving down into North Alabama, and that a fleet has appeared off Mobile. You know as well as I the insufficiency of my means at this moment to meet all of these demands upon them as they should be met. But we must do the best we can with the little we have, and it is with no small satisfaction I reflect that of all the commanders of the Confederacy you are accustomed to accomplish the very greatest results with small means when left to your own untrammeled judgment. Upon that judgment I now rely. I do not think a serious movement is now to be apprehended from Vicksburg. I am most anxious about the force at La Grange, and consider the effectual protection of the prairie country to be the most important object of our

