
care. I have ordered Mabry's brigade to halt at Goodman and await your orders, and I hope to be able to increase your force still further. I regret very much that your wound is so serious as to interfere with your active service in the field, but hope you will not by premature exposure risk the future use of your foot.

Please confer freely with me, and rely upon my cordial desire to contribute to your success.

Truly, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY, Numbers 120. Okolona, August 2, 21864.

* * * * * *

VI. You will order McCulloch's brigade to move at daylight in the morning through this place to Pontotoc. They will carry their entire wagon train, with four days' rations for the men and two days' forage for horses.

By order of Brigadier-General Chalmers, commanding:

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,

Okolona, August 2, 1864.

Colonel J. J. NEELY,

Commanding First DIVISION:

COLONEL: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to say that you will order McCulloch's brigade to move directly to Pontotoc instead of coming by this place. You will send their wagons through this place to get the two days' rations of forage, provided it cannot be has where you are; if it can, let all move together on the direct road.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. -A battery has been ordered to report to this brigade and will meet it at Prairie Mound.

C. W. A.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FORREST'S CAVALRY, Numbers 102. Oakland Church, August 2, 1864.

I. Colonel Wickliffe, commanding Second Brigade, will detail a company of FIFTY men, to relieve the company from General Buford's DIVISION now on outpost duty on the road from Pontotoc to Prairie Mound. The company will report to-day, and will be provided with forage and rations for three days. Scouts will be kept well in front, and all information forwarded promptly to General Forrest's headquarters at Okolona.

* * * * *

V. The Second Brigade will move by the most direct route to Pontotoc instead of going via Okolona, as previously ordered. The wagons will be sent through Okolona for the purpose of obtaining the two days' forage ordered to be carried with the brigade, provided it cannot

