
MISSISSIPPI to render the aid asked for I would add my voice to theirs in urging the necessity of giving relief speedily. If two or three of the East Tennessee cavalry regiments now in Middle Tennessee could be sent to this section of the State they would be able to secure the people of the upper counties from guerrillas and other lawless bands, and enable them to gather in their harvests and care for their growing crops of corn. In no part of the Union have the people been more sorely tried or made greater sacrifices for the Government than have the East Tennesseeans, and it is certainly due to them that every possible protection should be given by the authorities. If, as I hope, action can be taken in favor of these loyal and long-suffering people it should not be delayed. It may be proper to state that I knew nothing of the petition referred to until it was handed me to-day. If the prayer of the petitioners cannot be granted at headquarters, I request, if not deemed improper, that the petition be sent to the President.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. CARTER,

Brigadier General and Provost-Marshal-General of East Tennessee.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, June 12, 1864.

There being no troops at disposal of these headquarters for the purpose herein mentioned, this petition is, agreeably to the request of Brigadier-General Carter, respectfully forwarded to the President of the United States.

By order of Major-General Sherman:

J. D. WEBSTER,

Brigadier-General.

(In absence of the Major-General.)

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

June 21, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

KNOXVILLE, TENN., May 28, 1864.

General S. P. CARTER:

DEAR SIR: We, the undersigned petitioners, would most humbly call your attention to the condition of things in the upper counties of East Tennessee. As the harvest is now fast approaching and no help to reap or take care of the grain, and there being but little corn planted this spring, in God's name, what will the people of that section do, should they receive no aid from the Federal Government, and the rebels are permitted to reap and take what grain is now growing? What will become of the mothers, wives, sisters, and children of the many soldiers and refugees that are now away from home? To whom should they look for protection but the Government of the United States, in whose service many that are near and dear have fallen away from home and loved ones there? And by their loyalty to that Government they are

