
importance of removing the cotton owned by them further within the lines, and to give to them whatever facilities you can consistently afford in so doing.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

MOBILE, August 5, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

Seventeen of the enemy's vessels (fourteen ships and three iron- clads) passed Fort Morgan this morning. The Tecumseh, an iron-clad monitor, was sunk by Fort Morgan. The Tennessee surrendered after a desperate engagement with the enemy's fleet. Admiral Buchanan lost a leg and is a prisoner. The Selma was captured and the Gaines was beached near the hospital. The Morgan is safe and try to run up to-night. The enemy's fleet has approached the city, and a monitor has been engaging Fort Powell all day.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, August 5, 1864.

General D. H. MAURY,

Mobile:

Your dispatch received. The forts on the outer line should be held as long as possible. For that purpose I hope they are adequately supplied. If there be deficiencies they should, as far as practicable, be remedied promptly. Care is needful as to the character of their garrisons. Reserves have, I suppose, joined you, and for the desperate defense of a work are, by pride and patriotism, fully reliable. You will have time, I hope, to make all needful additions to the works of the inner lines. I have requested General Gilmer, Chief of Engineers, to present to you his views. May our Heavenly Father shield and direct you so as to avert the threatened disaster.

JEFFN. DAVIS.

MOBILE, August 5, 1864.

Brigadier General ST. John R. LIDDELL,

Clinton, La.:

Let General Dick Taylor and General Smith know that a large naval force and a large force under Canby, estimated at 10,000, are attacking Mobile.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

CLINTON, August 5, 1864.

Major HART,

Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department:

Department commander exceedingly anxious to know where General Taylor is. Where the troops are. Communicate in cipher.

ST. John R. LIDDELL.

