
AUGUST 5, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Mobile, Ala.:

By direction of the President I offer my views: Every effort should be made to hold Forts Morgan, Gaines, and Powell, with hope of forcing enemy to withdraw for supplies, or at least gain time to strengthen inner defenses. It is believed here that the outer works are supplied for two or three months. Cannot torpedoes be placed in ship channel under guns of Fort Morgan? Impress labor for defenses, hurrying forward those if inner harbor and of the city. It is hoped you can prevent a lodgment on east of bay at Blakely and southward. Is it possible in darkness and fog to throw supplies into Fort Morgan in barges or row-boats? Put torpedoes and other obstructions in mouth of Dog River, also in Blakely, Apalachee, and Tensas Rivers. I will write.

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, &c.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Okolona, August 5, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding Department of Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant, and in reply allow me to say that I can well understand and realize the responsibility of your position and the difficulties under which you labor int he command of a large department with forces inadequate for its defense when assailed, as it now appears to be, from all quarters. I regret very much that recent engagements in North MISSISSIPPI (Tishomingo and Harrisburg) have reduced my command so much in numbers, but especially am I deficient in field officers and brigade commanders. Colonel Lyon having left the department, McCulloch and Rucker wounded, leaves me, aside from Colonel Bell, without an experienced brigade commander; and in Bell's brigade the greater number of field officers are wounded or killed. Nevertheless, all that can be done shall be done in North MISSISSIPPI to drive the enemy back. At the same time I have not the force to risk a general engagement, and will resort to all other means in my reach to harass, annoy, and force the enemy back. I have ordered the impressment of negroes for the purpose of fortifying positions, blockading roads and fords upon the rivers, and shall strike him in flank and rear, and oppose him in front to the extent of my ability, and fight him at all favorable positions to the extent of my ability, and fight him at all favorable positions along his line of march. I am of opinion that his move will be in this direction; that the feints against Central railroad are made to draw my forces WEST and give him the start toward the prairies. I have ordered Mabry to Grenada, a brigade to Pontotoc, and General Chalmers, with one of the best brigades I have, has gone to Abbeville, with instructions to blockade fords, fortify positions, and repair the works on Tallahatchie and Yalobusha Rivers. With Buford's DIVISION I shal move as future indications require. I have sent a battery of four guns with General Chalmers, another with the brigade to Pontotoc, and have two batteries here yet. My artillery in all numbers sixteen pieces, and my effective force as formerly reported, with Mabry's added. You may rest assured, general, of my hearty co-operation in all things and at all times. I can take the saddle with one foot in the stirrup, and if I succeeded in forcing the column back will be ready to move to your assistance at short notice, mounted

