HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FORREST'S CAVALRY,Oxford, Miss., August 5, 1864.

Colonel W. B. WADE,

Commanding THIRD Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding having received information that the enemy intend repairing the railroad bridge over the Tallahatchie River so as to run their trains across it, directs that you have the bridge and as much of the trestle-work as possible on both sides of the river destroyed at once. The work will be done effectually.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 184. Richmond, August 5, 1864.

* * * * *

LI. Lieutenant Colonel J. P. Johnson, assistant adjutant-general, will proceed to the district commanded by Brigadier General G. B. Hodge, in East Louisiana, upon general inspection duty, under instructions from Colonel R. H. Chilton, assistant inspector-general, Provisional Army, C. S.

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 6, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding, &amp;c., Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: Yesterday evening, by direction of the President, I sent you a telegram offering some suggestions in regard to the defense of Mobile. The main point at present is to hold, if possible, the works defending the outer harbor. As long as they remain in our possession the enemy will be in great straits for supplies generally, and especially ammunition. It is hoped here that our works at the entrance to the harbor are supplied for some months, and if the garrison be true and efficient there would seem to be no good reason for surrendering the works. The aim of the enemy, for the present, is undoubtedly to get such a foothold as will enable them effectually to seal up the harbor of Mobile with small expense to themselves. Should these works ultimately fall and the garrison be captured, even, we will have gained time for strengthening our inner works and making the necessary disposition of troops for the safety of the city. It may be possible to put additional torpedoes in the main channel under the protection of the guns of Fort Morgan; if this cannot be done in daylight it might be accomplished at night or during fogs. I suppose the channel is already obstructed in various ways, say, with sawyer, ropes, and torpedoes, as was proposed when I left Mobile in March last. I hope your engineers have also built the works on Big Dauphin Island, a little WEST of Fort Gaines, as recommended in my notes, a copy of which was furnished you and also one to your chief engineer. With such works a moderate force will probably be able to hold the enemy in check at a point distant enough to prevent siege batteries being established against the fort. By holding Cedar Point communication can be probably kept up with Fort Powell, and supplies introduced from time to time, as it is not probable that the enemy has sufficient land force to interfere seriously with our move-

