
ments ashore. I have thought it might be practicable to introduce supplies into Fort Morgan under cover of darkness and fog, by the use of barges or land transportation. The latter would be a very long and tedious operation. If no works have been constructed across the neck of Mobile Point, measures should be taken to strengthen the land front of Fort Morgan by throwing up earth covers or by building works to hold the enemy in the distance. As Fort Gaines is the weaker point it is probable the enemy will first concentrate his efforts for its reduction, but even here I trust the garrison can hold out as long as the supplies last. In the mean time we have the chance of events turning up in our favor. The enemy must have supplies, and these he can only get by running the gauntlet between our batteries. As to the inner line of harbor defenses, I take it for granted they are now in a good defensible condition. If not, they should be placed so without the loss of an hour. I have the same suggestions to offer as to the city defenses. A full supply of labor should be obtained at once, by impressment if necessary. Military necessity is upon us, and with you rests full power to act under it. You will certainly have cordial support from the State authorities. On the eastern side of the bay a work of some strength should be built at Blakely, and at points south of that if necessary, to prevent the enemy from effecting a lodgment. Dog River, Blakely, and Apalachee Rivers should be supplied with torpedoes and other obstructions at the earliest moment possible. Any other points that occur to me I will communicate at once by telegraph or mail.

I am, general (in haste), very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. F. GILMER,

Major-General, &c.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, August 6, 1864.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Chief of Engineer Bureau, Richmond, Va.:

Fort Powell was evacuated and blown up last night. One of Singer and Company's torpedoes sunk monitor Tecumseh. Rest of fleet passed through channel, which I have been ordered to keep open for blockade runners. The Tennessee fought the whole fleet for two hours after they passed the forts. Steamer Morgan ran gauntlet safe, near our obstructions. Shall have by to-night ten additional heavy guns bearing on obstructions. Am endeavoring to obstruct Dog River. Governor Watts cannot furnish labor. My force is broken down from excessive labor. Am strengthening obstructions between treaty and Huger. Would be ready to receive a serious attack if only furnished with hands I have so earnestly called for.

V. SHELIHA,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Engineer.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, August 6, 1864.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Chief of Engineer Bureau, Richmond:

Opinions in reference to placing new batteries divided. I propose to concentrate our fire and form one reliable strong line near upper

