
now suffering by the tyrannical rule of rebeldom, and have been for the last three years. s there no balm to soothe the wounded heart? Is there no physician to alleviate the aching pain?

To you, general, we make this last appeal, trusting and hoping that through your influence as a Tennessean, you may be enabled to send a force sufficient, in those upper counties, to drive off the few guerrillas that are now holding that country. Will you not them use all your influence in our behalf? Letters are received here daily from those loyal women who still remain at home, almost heartbroken, praying that the Federals may send them protection and relieve them of their awful sufferings. We therefore humbly pray and ask the Government through you, general, to do something for those who have given up all that was near and dear to them on earth, to fight, bleed, and die for the glorious cause of the Union. Believing, as we do, in the Christian people of the United States, they will, they must, soon give us aid and relief. Then, general, to the relief And in the name of Heaven and of Christ, who died for us all, will you not do all you can, and that soon? Hoping and believing that you will, we subscribe our names to this position.

W. GALBRAITH, WILLIAM H. BRIANT,

JOHN McCAMPBELL, SAMUEL SNAPP,

JAMES BRITTON, CONNALLY F. TRIGG,

[and 296 others.]

LEXINGTON, June 2, 1864.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The 5,000 100-days' troops which the major-general commanding the department telegraphed on May 5 would be placed under General Burbridge's orders have not yet arrived. The Ohio troops have all been sent East, and the Indiana troops are passing through under orders to report at Nashville. From present appearances none will be sent to this district. The force on Louisville and Nashville Railroad is entirely inadequate to guard it, and other important points are too much exposed. Little, if any, dependence can be placed on obtaining Kentucky militia. Can any steps be taken to secure some regiments of the 100-days' troops? General Burbridge is at or near Pound Gap with all his available mounted force.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEXINGTON, KY., June 2, 1864.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Catlettsburg, Ky.:

All quiet. I do not learn of any rebel force being in the district. Guerrillas are very troublesome in Ewing's DIVISION. Have authorized him to press horses to mount the Forty-eighth [Kentucky]. Two Indiana regiments were turned over to General Ewing on their arrival at Louisville, one sent here and another about to follow, when peremptory orders came from General Sherman to send them all to Nashville, and they were sent. I place no dependence on promises of Kentucky militia. Have telegraphed to General Schofield asking that he secure

