
[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 15, 1864.

The regiments referred to are the Twentieth and Twenty-first Regiments Tennessee Cavalry, and are now commanded by Colonels Russell and Wilson, respectively, under acting appointments by General Forrest. It appears from Colonel Brent's report of this command, and from the rosters on file in this office, that the regiments are new organizations, and were raised in WEST Tennessee by Colonel Bell, under an authority granted him by General Pillow to raise a brigade. It appears from the muster-rolls received that the companies composing these regiments were mustered in as parts of the regimental organizations, and it is not stated in any of the papers heretofore submitted that they were originally mustered into service as independent companies. Hence the decision that the field officers must be elected according to the usage of the Department. It was particularly stated in the instructions to General Forrest that the necessary changes might not be made until such time as they could be done without detriment to the service.

Respectfully submitted to the President:

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Accompanying this is the inspection report of Colonel Brent, on the fifth Page of which will be found remarks respecting deserters from the infantry arm being taken into these newly-created cavalry corps, with a paper which accompanies the report marked Numbers 7.

S. C.

[THIRD indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 19, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I cannot delegate the power; indeed, do not possess it, if, as appears, these were not independent companies which the Executive could organize into regiments, &amp;c.

J. D.

[Fourth indorsement.]

Note President's indorsement; inform General Forrest.

J. A. S.

[Fifth indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 21, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

The acts of the 16th of April, 1862, and of 27th of September, 1862, provided for a general conscription of the military population to fill up old organizations; and the act of October 11, 1862 (chapter 39), prohibited, by implication, the formation of new organizations except in those States and locations where the conscript law may be suspended. The act of 27th of September, 1862, allowed the President from these excepted places to receive the troops that might be raised in them, under any of the acts passed prior to the 16th of April, 1862. The act of March 6, 1861, contemplated the acceptance by the President of completely or-

