
ganized companies or other corps with their officers, and that their organizations were to be perfected according to the laws of the State in which they were raised. The act of May 8, 1861 (chapter 109), contemplated the acceptance of companies and their organizations to be completed by the President into more complex organizations. The fourth section of the act of January 22, 1862, Numbers 356, authorized the President to commission persons to form companies, &amp;c. The organizations mentioned in this report are all irregular, and it depends upon the President to determine the conditions upon which they are to be taken into the service. Until he agrees to accept them they cannot be deemed to be in the regular service. By an act of the 11th of October, 1862 (chapter 43), the first two sections of the act of May 8, 1861, were made specially applicable to those portions of the Confederacy in which the conscription act was suspended, or in which it would not be executed. This act provides for the appointment of field officers by the President, and the second section allows him to commission the officers before the commands are organized. It seems to me, therefore, if it be deemed expedient to appoint officers under the circumstances mentioned herein, the order of the Department accepting these commands might discriminate the acts of Congress which are to be applied to them, and that the acts cited furnish authority for the action proposed by the commanders.

Respectfully,

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Secretary of War.

PONTOTOC, MISS., August 7, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Oxford:

I find that it is necessary from me to return to Okolona this morning, as I see from the papers of 5th from Mobile that the enemy's gun-boats and ships had passed our forts at Mobile, and three of our boats were captured or sunk. General Buford will reach here this evening with Bell's brigade. I will order the Kentucky brigade up on Tuesday next. Order Mabry, with his brigade, to move as far up the road as he can procure corn. If you find that the enemy attempts to cross the Hatchie River, burn the bridge and destroy the road to Oxford and Grenada as you fall back. Destroy the bridge over the Tallahatchie at once, and all the trestles as far toward Oxford as possible. I will be in Okolona in the morning. Put yourself in communication with General Buford at this place at once. Major Warren reports the railroad broken between Water Valley and Oxford. Impress wagons and haul the corn up if the road is not repaired. I don't wish to throw any more force on your front. You will assume command of Mabry's brigade and fall back in front of the enemy, contesting all the ground, while I will operate on his flank and rear. Keep your men well in hand and be certain to destroy the road north of the Tallahatchie, if possible to do so. I send Colonel Duckworth and Kelley, with their regiments, to Lick Spring to blockade that road to-morrow morning, and the watch the river below there. Send the Beck boys to report to Duckworth and Kelley as guides.

I am, yours, &c.,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

