
MERIDIAN, MISS., August 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General ADAMS,

Jackson, Miss.:

Send all forces you can spare to Grenada to report to Forrest; men go by rail; horses and train overland. Liddell ordered to send all he can up to you, and turn command of his district over to you. He goes to Mobile. You will command both districts. Inform me how many troops you send Forrest. If Missouri battery has not gone, order it back to Mobile at once.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, August 10, 1864.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Chief of Engineer Bureau, Richmond, Va.:

Am preparing Battery Huger for five additional heavy guns and one sea-coast mortar. If time be allowed, a heavy self-supporting work, commanding the channel and land approaches, will be constructed on Blakely Heights. This work would have to be held at every hazard, else our own guns would be turned against the batteries below. Federal fleet reported much damaged. Torpedo parties obstructing channel approaches to city and at Apalachee. Commanding general decides on holding lower obstructions.

V. SHELIHA,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Engineer.

PENSACOLA HOSPITAL, August 10, 1864.

Major General DABNEY H. MAURY, Mobile, Ala.:

DEAR GENERAL: Your kind note of sympathy of 7th reached me on the 8th. It is gratifying to military and naval men to hear that their public acts are appreciated by their friends and countrymen. And, as my conscience assures me that I strove to do my duty, I must rest content under my present misfortune. My leg I am happy to say has been saved under the judicious treatment of Fleet Surgeon Palmer, U. S. Navy, and Fleet Surgeon Conrad, C. S. Navy, and is doing well. The kind treatment and attention paid me and those with me by the military and naval authorities here is all we could expect or desire. It would add much to our comfort if we could receive from Mobile our clothes; probably an arrangement could be made with Admiral Farragut to send them in one of the vessels of his fleet, as they are frequently sent here on duty. The inclosed letters to our friends name the articles we wish.

With kind regards to my friends, believe me, very sincerely, your friend,

FRANKLIN BUCHANAN.

I have been obliged to employ an amanuensis as I cannot well get up to use my pen.

F. B.

[AUGUST 10, 1864. - For Bullock to D. W. Adams, in relation to Roddey's command, &amp;c., see Vol. XXXVIII, Part V, p. 954.]

49 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT II

