
for the district the 5,000 troops promised. In a letter received yesterday Governor Bramlette protests strongly against the recruiting of negroes, claiming that there is no authority for it and that it is in violation of promises made him by the President and Secretary of War.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF Kentucky, AND FIFTH DIVISION, 23rd ARMY CORPS, Numbers 45. Lexington, June 2, 1864.

By General Orders, Numbers 42, of May 14, 1864, provost-marshals and deputy provost-marshals throughout this district are directed to arrest and prefer charges against any person who may discourage volunteer enlistments, and to forward them to these headquarters for trial by court-martial. The said order is so extended as to make it the duty of all military officers under the orders of the commanding general of the District of Kentucky to pursue the same course. Complaints having been made to the commanding general that slaves who had presented themselves for enlistment and were, on examination, rejected have been subjected to harsh treatment in punishment for the attempt, it is hereby declared that any persons so offending are discouraging enlistments and are to be included in the class referred to in General Orders, Numbers 42. Return passes shall be given to all negroes so rejected which shall secure their immunity from harsh treatment or punishment on account of their attempt to enlist.

By command of Brigadier-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., June 3, 1864.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding MISSISSIPPI Squadron, Cairo, Ill.:

ADMIRAL: I have ordered reserves of troops and of water transportation to be held in readiness at different points on the MISSISSIPPI for the purpose of operating against any rebel force that may attempt to interrupt the navigation of the river. If you will direct naval commanders to give early notice of any movements of this kind to the commanders of military districts a sufficient military force can be sent at once to co-operate with the gun-boats in destroying or driving off the rebels.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JUNE 3, 1864. --For Washburn to Canby, relative to Sturgis' expedition and a reconnaissance into Arkansas, &amp;c., see Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 186.]

