
5. Battery McIntosh: Booms to be placed in rear of battery have been commenced.

6. Battery Missouri: Parapet has been extended to the northeast; a mortar platform has been laid.

7. Mound Battery: Platform for 10-inch double-banded columbiad and a mortar platform have been laid; the parapet has been strengthened; chassis for 10-inch columbiad has been hauled.

8. Redoubt Numbers 1: Platforms for three guns on bay face have been built; one 7-inch Brooke, one 8-inch columbiad, and one 32- pounder rifled, have been mounted by the engineers.

9. Shell-road Battery: Parapet has been competed; platforms for four guns have been built; service magazines have been framed and completed; three 7-inch Brooke guns have been mounted.

10. Curtain between Redoubt K and Numbers 6 has been commenced.

11. Redoubt H: Drains have been cleared.

12. Redoubt between H and G has been continued.

13. Redan between G and F has been continued.

14. Redoubt F: Bomb-proof has been covered partially with dirt.

15. Redan between F and E has been continued.

16. Clearing the ground in front of line; an ax party of 197 hands has commenced this work.

17. Obstructions in Apalachee and Blakley channels have been closed.

18. Battery Tracy: New platforms have been laid and guns are being mounted.

19. Battery Huger: Five additional guns - three 7-inch Brooke guns, two 8-inch double-banded columbiads - and one 10-inch sea- coast mortar have been transported by the engineers to this battery; mud-sills for guns are ready; platform swill be laid to- day; guns will be mounted by to-morrow night, thickness of earth covering; the powder magazine is being strengthened; line of infantry cover has been built; one of the four guns mounted heretofore has been placed in fighting order.

20. New work near Vessel Point has been commenced; four Parrott or Blakely guns ought to be placed in position to-morrow.

21. Torpedoes have been manufactured and placed as rapidly as our means will allow.

The operations of the engineers have been impeded-

First. By continued bad weather, making if impossible to work at some parts of the line.

Second. By an entirely inadequate working force.

THIRD. By the engineers having had to select guns at the different depots, transport them, their chassis and carriages, to the points where they were needed, and to mount them.

V. SHELIHA,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CORPS,Enterprise, Miss., August 14, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding Department of Ala., Miss., and East La., Mobile:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report as follows in reply to your telegram of to-day:

I now have in camp at this post six companies of Denis' battalion, aggregating 266 "present for duty," which will be ready to take the field on Thursday, the 18th instant.

