
Representations having been made to me by the Bureau of Conscription of serious disaffection and the apprehension of disturbances from the presence, in Jones County, as also in Jasper, of this State, of large numbers of deserters, I, upon the 12th instant, dispatched one company of cavalry (of Denis' battalion) to the former and one company of infantry to the latter county. A second company of infantry is now doing guard duty at Meridian, in accordance with your request. No other force than those mentioned have yet been organized at this point. A number of Yankees, in concert with deserters, both from Honey Island and that vicinity, have been committing serious depredations in the region of country bordering upon Jones and Jasper Counties, driving off large numbers of negroes and a great deal of stock. A Yankee lieutenant is now in Jones, entertained and protected by deserters, for the purpose, it is supposed, of concerting plans for the commission of further depredations. Probably a plan may be on foot of the cutting of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad simultaneously with the attack upon Mobile. Would it not be well to retain the force I have, as the contingency threatened may arise and no troops would be sufficiently near for concentration for the purpose of defeating their object?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. BRANDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, August 15, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: When in Alabama recently I issued and sent to Lieutenant General Richard Taylor instructions relieving him from duty in the Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department, and directing him to cross the MISSISSIPPI and assume command of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana. will you please issue the necessary orders in form for this change.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 192. Richmond, Va., August 15, 1864.

* * * * *

IX. Brigadier General H. B. Lyon, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty in the command of Major General N. B. Forrest, to whom he will report for orders.

* * * * *

XIII. The Department of Tennessee, commanded by General John B. Hood, Provisional Army, C. S., is extended to include all the State of Georgia north and WEST of the following line: Commencing at Augusta and running along the line of the Augusta and Savannah Railroad to Millen, thence along the western boundary lines of the counties of Bulloch and Tattnall, thence along the south bank of the Ocmulgee River to the northeast corner of Irwin County, thence south to the Florida

