
line, thence along the Florida line to the Appalachicola River. The command will hereafter be known as the Department of Tennessee and Georgia.

* * * * *

XVII. Lieutenant General Richard Taylor, Provisional Army, C. S., is relieved from duty in the Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department, and is assigned to the command of the Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana.

* * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., August 15, 1864.

General MAURY:

The troops expected from Trans-MISSISSIPPI it is reported, by direction of General Smith, will leave their arms. Other arms should at once be sent to meet them, and as they will, if practicable to communicate in time, be ordered to come armed, to send back a corresponding number of arms. Colonel Gorgas will send you without delay from here a sufficient number. Arrange beforehand to forward them on arrival.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

OFFICE OF CHIEF INSPECTOR FIELD TRANSPORTATION,

DISTRICT Numbers 3., ALA., MISS., WEST TENN., AND EAST LA.,

Brandon, Miss., August 15, 1864.

Major General D. H. MAURY,

Commanding Dept. of Ala., Miss., and East La., Mobile, Ala.:

GENERAL: I am authorized by the Secretary of War to exchange cotton for horses and mules, to be brought from beyond our lines, and I have such negotiations progressing as to give me hopes of success; but in the negotiations, with I have confided to four gentlemen, as agents of the Government, Messrs. John J. Cobb, of Mobile, B. R. Thomas, of Selma, C. E. Smedes, of Hinds County, Miss, and J. F. Woodman, of Madison County, Miss., I find it necessary to procure passes of Messrs. Cobb and Woodman to go beyond our lines, as much embarrassment and inconvenience, and no practical results, arise from undertaking to meet parties at picket-lines. The negotiations already have progressed so far as to give assurance of prompt delivery of several hundred horses and mules, and your experience of the stock of this department would indicate that further encroachments upon stock in hands of planters will be at loss of diminution of the crop. I will, at the proper time, when negotiations have progressed far enough, call upon you in person, with proper papers, and request passes for cotton. Mr. Cobb has my full confidence in his discretion, skill, and loyalty, and is thoroughly familiar with my views and authorities, which he will in person fully explain to you.

I remain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

A. M. PAXTON,

Major and Chief Inspector Field Transportation.

