HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE OHIO,Near Dallas, Ga., June 4, 1864.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lexington, Ky.:

CAPTAIN: Your dispatch of June 2 is received. The commanding general desires the troops now on the Louisville and Nashville, Railroad to be concentrated so as to protect the Green River bridge, the trestle-work at Muldraugh's Hill, the bridge at Bowling Green, and other points where material damage could be done the railroad by the enemy. All these important points are strongly fortified, and the forces now in Kentucky if properly distributed will be sufficient to guard them. A large amount of supplies has been accumulated at Nashville, and any damage done the railroad which could be repaired in a few days or even a few weeks would not do the army in the front any serious injury. The remaining important points in Kentucky General Burbridge will have to protect with his available mounted force.

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JUNE 4, 1864. --For Sherman to Canby in reference to operations against Mobile, see Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 212.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, June 4, 1864.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of WEST Tennessee, Memphis, Tenn.:

Your dispatches of May 31 and June 1 have been received. The Tenth Kansas, Sixty-eighth U. S. Colored, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, and Seventh Kansas Cavalry have been ordered from Missouri, and the Sixth Minnesota Infantry from General Pope. You will stop them at Memphis. Other troops will be ordered soon and will report to you. General Smith's command has started up the river, but will have some work on the way up. A copy of his instructions will be sent you. * I wish the two DIVISIONS of his command made up to 10,000 infantry and three batteries each, by bringing to them any regiments or batteries of their organization now absent and adding any new troops that may report to you or that can be relieved from garrison duty on the arrival of the militia. The organization of these troops should be made with reference to their return to their old commands as soon as they can be spared. It will be completed as soon as possible, and the equipments will conform to that prescribed in existing orders. The number of troops (including militia) that will come into your district will probably not be less than 25,000, and the staff departments should be instructed to make adequate provisions for them. I am authorized by General Sherman to retain the two DIVISIONS of the SIXTEENTH Army Corps as long as I need them, and have counted upon them in my arrangements; but I do not intend that this shall interfere with the duty of supporting his operations if support should be needed.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 137.

---------------

