
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF ALABAMA,

Montgomery, August 16, 1864.

General D. H. MAURY, Mobile:

DEAR SIR: I am trying to organize my scanty militia as rapidly as possible. I hope soon to be able to send you some more companies. I had two companies in Dallas organized; telegraphed you they were there. I received no order for them, and they are not gone yet. If you want them let me know. The hands here at work on the fortifications are not gone to Mobile yet. Your ought to have sent orders to the officers in charge. The order for the impressment of negroes here as well as at other places was made by Confederate authorities. You are well aware that the State of Alabama declined to make impressments after Congress gave the Confederate authorities the right to make them. I have not made any of negroes, knowing that you had the right and power to enforce your orders. Yet your chief engineer in Mobile does not seem to understand the relation in which the State of Alabama stands to the Confederate authorities; he seems to think that the Government of Alabama is only a high sheriff to execute the laws of Congress. I have aided, and am now aiding, these impressments all in my power. But as the Confederate authorities have made the orders for impressment, I do not think it right to mix the State authority with the Confederate. The divided responsibility would produce inextricable confusion. I stated to Captain Robinson the substance of your dispatch about the works and hands here. As the order was not directed to him, he said he could do nothing without getting some order from Colonel Lockett. In the hurry and turmoil of your business I sympathize with you. I have my own cares which I endeavor to bear with becoming patience. I have not been pleased with the disposition of our people to respond to my orders and appeals; so many try to hatch up some excuse for not obeying the orders. The men who have given bonds as agricul- many of them - have used all sorts of shifts to avoid militia duty. The militia laws as they now stand are almost worthless. I would call the Legislature together if I had any assurance that anything good would be done. The present emergency, could not be benefitted by such call. I trust you will be able to hold Mobile; if not, let it remain a heap of ashes before the Yankees pollute it with their footsteps. All of my energies have been bent, and will continue to be bent, to aid you in the defense of the city of Mobile and of Alabama.

T. H. WATTS,

Governor of Alabama.

MOBILE, August 17, 1864.

General S. COOPER, Adjutant and Inspector General:

General Liddell has just arrived. His reports relative to the crossings are very favorable. The 20th is fixed.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 105. Mobile, Ala., August 17, 1864.

Colonel Robert H. Smith is appointed chief agent for impressments in the State of Alabama. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major General D. H. Maury:

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

