
MACON, MISS., August 18, 1864.

(Received 20th.)

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

Militia rapidly assembling; no arms yet. General Maury can do but little. Two thousand Enfields sent to Brandon for Trans- Mississippi. Can they not be spared for this emergency? I shall have at least 2,000 mounted, besides foot.

CHAS. CLARK,

Governor of Mississippi.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 21, 1864.

Orders must be sent to the quartermaster in charge of transportation over the break in the WEST Point and Montgomery road to send such arms as arrive there through without delay. Two thousand arms have been sent - to Mobile 500 and Meridian 1,50 - within the past week from Southern arsenals, and 1,000 are preparing here. I have just ordered 1,000 cavalry arms to Meridian in addition. Besides these, arms are being repaired at Columbus, Montgomery, and Macon.

J. GORGAS.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FORREST'S CAVALRY,Oxford, Miss., August 18, 1864.

Colonel J. J. NEELY,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding DIVISION directs that you report with your command, except the Seventh Tennessee and Twenty-sixth Tennessee Battalion, to General Forrest at 5 p. m. this evening, mounted and ready for the march. You will take with you two ambulances and eighty rounds of ammunition per man.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. G. MILLS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, August 18, 1864.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Commanding District of North Alabama, Talladega:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say to you that while he wishes Brigadier-General Roddey to exercise his own discretion as regards sending out detachments of his command for the purpose of operating against the enemy's communications, it is intended that officer shall report to these headquarters through you, and, with the troops under him, be subject to your orders. In the event of Brigadier-General Roddey having any doubt of the wishes and intentions of the department commander in the above reference you will please send him this letter.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.

