
GRENADA, August 20, 1864.

General CHALMERS,

Oxford:

Colonel Davis, commanding Reserve Corps, reports 250 men, 500 stand of arms, and plenty ammunition available. Governor Pettus, commanding State troops, reports no men yet available, but says in ten days will have organized and armed a regiment 500 strong. 'Tis thought the reserve force will be 500 available troops in ten days. Your order relative to stragglers will be strictly enforced at this post.

S. S. ANGEVINE,

Captain, Commanding Post.

MERIDIAN, MISS., August 20, 1864.

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS,

Hazlehurst, Miss.:

If your presence is no longer required, return with all force you can spare from that region. Let me hear from you.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, Miss., August 20, 1864.

Brigadier General D. W. ADAMS,

Commanding District of North Alabama, Talladega:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 15th instant, and to reply as follows: At present there are no engineer officers who can be sent to you; a number of officers belonging to that corps and properly to this department are now with the Army of Tennessee. Application has been made for their return, and you will be supplied as soon as possible. It is also impossible at this moment to send you a good assistant adjutant-general, but your wants shall be supplied in that respect at the earliest practicable moment. Your district will include all of the State of Alabama lying north of the railroad running through Columbus, Ga., Opelika, Montgomery, Selma, and Demopolis are in your district, and the post of Cahaba also is specially included therein. The reserves of Alabama are as soon as organized turned over to Major-General Maury by General Withers. General Withers has been requested to send to Mobile as fast as organized all of the infantry reserves. He will be requested to turn over to you all the cavalry reserves as fast as they are organized within your district and which have not already been otherwise disposed of. Those already turned over, now in your district and not otherwise ordered, are, of course, under your command. Colonel Reid has been authorized to gather up and organize several cavalry squads reported to be floating about in Alabama without proper organization. Colonel Reid will report to you. Sufficient wire for fifteen miles of telegraph line has been ordered to you from Mobile; no more can be had at present, but necessary steps have been taken to get it immediately. A propositions has been received at these headquarters from General Hood for the exchange of Ferguson's cavalry brigade

