
PANOLA, August 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

Send Buford, with Kentucky brigade, on Sarepta road to capture enemy's foraging parties. Send Wade to the left for same purpose. Keep them close to their camp. Order Captain Henderson to scout well to their right to ascertain if there is any movement this way. I go to Grenada in the morning with prisoners. I wish the troops here to have two or three days' rest if possible.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 104. Meridian, Miss., August 22, 1864.

* * * * *

IX. Pursuant to orders from the War Department, Brigadier General George B. Hodge will proceed to Clinton, La., and relieve Brigadier General Wirt Adams of so much of his present command as is embraced in the district known as the District of Southwest MISSISSIPPI and East Louisiana, lately commanded by Brigadier General St. John R. Liddell.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Maury:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,

Mobile, Ala., August 22, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE B. HODGE,

Commanding, &amp;c., East Louisiana:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to explain to you that upon relieving Brigadier General St. John R. Liddell, he placed Brigadier General Wirt Adams in command of the district to which you have been assigned. He desires you to see General Adams, who will be able to give you much necessary information as to the resources of your district. Orders were issued to both Generals Liddell and Adams, directing a cheerful and cordial co-operation in all matters affecting the interests of the two districts. The same instructions will be reiterated to General Adams, and the commanding general hopes you will each give the other cordial and hearty support. In order to accomplish the certain and uninterrupted crossing of the troops from the Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department a battery of 20-pounder Parrott guns (a Missouri Battery) was sent from Mobile, and is now somewhere in your district. These guns were much needed here, and are of much importance to the defense of Mobile. Please therefore return this battery to Mobile as soon as it can be spared from your district. Please furnish copies of the instructions received by you from the War Office relative to the carrying out of the cotton contracts which have been made with individuals in your district for the delivery of army supplies, and defer until otherwise ordered any action with regard to them. There has been so much complaint of bad faith on the part of the contractors that the general commanding has been induced to suspend all such contracts except in special cases (very few) where the supplies were first delivered

