
strong. The supply of ammunition is short. The people are in good heart and seem resolved to have their city defended at all hazards. The non-combatants will not go away. The subsistence supplies are abundant for a proper garrison six months. Fort Morgan still holds out against the heaviest attacks ever made on any of our forts. Forrest's movement in rear of enemy has caused him to pause in his advance into Mississippi. In Alabama several regiments of reserves have been put into the field, and a number of companies of militia. Probably 5,000 will cover all the State forces yet available. In MISSISSIPPI I expect within a week to have about 3,000 State troops in the field. Forrest has enough to deal with the enemy in North Mississippi. I believe General Adams can tell you all about the resources of WEST MISSISSIPPI and East Louisiana. A very small re- enforcement from over the MISSISSIPPI River will greatly strengthen your hands. I shall move between Meridian and Mobile until I hear of your arrival within the department, when I shall meet you at any point you may desire. The very great demands of the Army of Tennessee have interfered much with the proper supply of the troops of this department. But at this time nothing is wanting except an abundance of ammunition and the troops to use it and perhaps in some instances teams to haul it. Since General Gardner has been temporarily assigned to me I have been relieved of the most engrossing part of my duties by placing him in command of this district until I can return to it, which will be I hope in time for its defense. The talk in Richmond is, that if Atlanta and Mobile hold out six weeks we shall have peace. I believe we shall have it.

Sincerely, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY.

P. S. - I think the enemy has not less than 8,000 men about the lower bay and Pensacola.

[NOTE. - Captured in a Confederate mail near Saint Joseph, La., en route from Texas to Richmond.]

GRENADA, August 23, 1864.

General CHALMERS:

Press the enemy. Ascertain the direction they go. If toward Panola, notify Colonel Bell at that place; also notify me. When the enemy, find I have left Memphis he will return this way. Press him across the river, if possible.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

MOBILE, August 23, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

All quiet since my last. Reports, not altogether reliable, give enemy's strength 2,500 at Pensacola, 5,000 near Fort Morgan, 3,000 on Dauphin Island, 3,000 on Ship Island. My strength not materially changed.

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

[AUGUST 23, 1864. - For Page to Maury, reporting surrender of Fort Morgan, see Part I, p. 438.]

