
WASHINGTON, D. C., June 6, 1864--10 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Acworth, Ga.:

Operations on Mobile has been suggested to General Canby. A. J. Smith has been sent to Memphis to break up Forrest's operations on your line of supplies. I fear that Steele has allowed guerrilla bands to go north to Missouri, which may give us serious trouble. Hundred-days' men have been throw into Tennessee, so that you can draw in all the men you require. Grant has as much as he can attend to on the Chickahominy. I am doing all I can to re-enforce and supply him. All right so far. Draw to yourself all you require. We will do all we can to cover your rear.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[JUNE 6, 1864. --For Porter to Sherman, in reference to Forrest's operations, &amp;c., see Vol. XXXIV, Part IV, p. 240.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Acworth, June 6, 1864.

General WEBSTER,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I have always regarded General Gillem's command as a refugee hospital for indolent Tennesseeans. I never dreamed of their being a part of my military command, and have never reckoned them anything but a political element. If General Gillem has any men they might be employed about Florence or on the Tennessee River in the manner you suggest, but I have so much doubt of the existence of such a force, except for pay and rations, that I cannot make an order relative to them. An expedition is now out from Memphis for Tupelo, to move down the Mobile and Ohio Railroad as far as possible. General Blair has just swept the country from Decatur to Rome, and I have repeated orders to General Rousseau to send the dismounted cavalry from Nashville to Decatur. I don't think there is an enemy within 200 miles of Nashville, and therefore don't see the necessity of any troops there. The battalion of regulars would, in conjunction with the hired men of the quartermaster's department, defend Nashville against any enemy within 200 miles.

All the infantry of Georgia, Alabama, and MISSISSIPPI are of course with Johnston; and even Forrest is coming this way, having reached the Coosa. There is no enemy about Tuscumbia, except local militia.

If General Gillem can spare 200 or 300 of his people from their present nominal duty on the Northwestern railroad, you may send them to Iuka, Bear Creek, or in that direction, as a diversion to the movement on Tupelo and Columbus from Memphis.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

