
porarily organized into a battalion of three companies, with orders to proceed as rapidly as possible to Mobile and report to Major- General Gardner. There is a deficiency of commissioned officers with them. If possible others will be ordered as soon as they can be obtained, the brigade being now absent from this place on special service. Any acting appointments of officers that may have been made by Captain Morrison are unauthorized by his orders. Another small detachment of men with disabled horses has been ordered from Montevallo to report to Captain Morrison in Mobile, but it is not yet known to what number it will amount. The troops above referred to have been sent by first train after the reception of General Maury's order. In consequence of an unfortunate railroad accident was not rain yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. W. ADAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MERIDIAN, August 27, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Sunday, 14th, I commenced arrangements to relieve Fort Morgan by attack on enemy's rear, but superior force came out from Pensacola threatening Blakely.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MERIDIAN, MISS., August 27, 1864.

Major W. JONES,

Commanding Post, Montgomery, Ala.:

This dispatch orders Major Harris, quartermaster at Montgomery, to send immediately to Demopolis, Ala., 1,374 muskets, which he has in charge for Colonel Cuyler, commanding Macon Arsenal. You will see that this order is executed.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Grenada, Miss., August 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel GEORGE DEAS,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I have this day received General Orders, Numbers 103, from headquarters Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, assigning certain districts of the State of MISSISSIPPI to brig. General Wirt Adams and myself. General Adams' district is thus bounded in the order, "The MISSISSIPPI Central Railroad will hereafter form the eastern boundary line of said district. " My district is described as "all that portion of the State of MISSISSIPPI Central Railroad, and north and northeast of Brigadier General Wirt Adams' district. " Having received no previous order districting the State, I do not clearly understand whether any portion of my district extends WEST of the MISSISSIPPI Central Railroad or not. The Southern Railroad extends from Vicksburg to Meridian. The

