
MISSISSIPPI Central Railroad commences at Canton and runs north to the State line of MISSISSIPPI and Tennessee. Where is the northern boundary of General Wirt Adams' district? Does his district extend north of that portion of the Southern Railroad extending from Jackson, Miss., to Vicksburg; if so, how far north? I would recommenced that the northern boundary of his district be described by county lines, which will make it definite.

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

GRENADA, August 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS, Water Valley:

Let Mabry's command come to Granada. Keep your DIVISION where you can get forage best, so that you be convenient to Central railroad. I will be up on train in morning on my way to Oxford. Meet me at Water Valley.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FORREST'S CAVALRY,Water Valley, August 27, 1864.

Major-General FORREST,

Grenada, Miss.:

GENERAL: When General Buford came into Oxford it was very muddy and rainy, and the battery could not keep up. A short time after he arrived the enemy commenced driving in our advance very rapidly, and our guns were so wet they would not fire. Believing that a general advance was being made, and that the enemy might get to town before the battery could, I ordered it to burn back. That night I found that Yockeney was rising rapidly, and knowing that it would soon become impassable for artillery I sent the two batteries that were with me across the Yockeney and ordered Rice to fall back to Okolona. The result showed that I did well in sending off the artillery, for it was with difficulty that we could cross ambulances and horses when we had to fall back. Rice has been ordered to report to General Buford, at Oxford.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

MERIDIAN, MISS., August 28, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States, Richmond, Va.:

Went to see Governor Clark yesterday. He has placed 4,000 troops in service; is confident of increasing the force to 8,000 within a week. These troops help greatly, but will not go to Mobile, which depends mainly on Alabama militia and reserves, and very few of them. Troops reported going down MISSISSIPPI from Morganza; probably to Mobile. The forces at Clinton went back yesterday toward Baton Rouge and Port Hudson.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

51 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT II

