
MERIDIAN, MISS., August 28, 1864.

General B. BRAGG, Richmond, Va.:

All reported quiet at Mobile. Enemy in North MISSISSIPPI halted at and near Holly's Springs. Raid reported preparing at Vicksburg. Visited Governor Clark at macon yesterday. He expects to have 8,000 militia infield in a week; 4,000 already organized; 6,000 small- arms and ammunition wanted immediately. Enemy from Clinton gone back to Baton Rouge. Troops from Morganza reported going down river. captain Ellis returned; reports no possibility of General Taylor and troops crossing immediately. Louisiana brigade understood to be willing to cross. Montgomery road reported in running order on 26th.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MERIDIAN, August 28, 1864.

[Governor T. H. WATTS:]

MY DEAR GOVERNOR: I have just returned from Macon. The Governor has put a most important force into the field, but I cannot use any of it for defense of Mobile. You spoke in a late letter to me about convening the Legislature. Without presuming to offer you an opinion, I will state that to the action of his Legislature Governor Clark attributes the very gratifying he had now accomplished. So long as he worked without the aid of legislative enacted with penalty of strong nature to enforce it he accomplished nothing. Besides reserves he is confident of having 8,000 State troops in service in the course of a week. I hope you have recovered your health, and that you will be enabled to take such measures as the emergency seems to call for to insure the protection of the State of Alabama by means of her own troops, since those alone we must depend. Of one thing you may rest assured, whether we have few or many troops, Mobile will be defended. I believe we have now the means of making good the defense, but it is a matter of too much importance to leave doubtful. While I have expectation that sufficient force will reach me to remove all cause for anxiety, we must do everything in our power to insure it. The enemy is not yet ready for a siege. We are working very actively. The premature surrender of Forts Powell and Gaines did us great harm. Had they held out the fleet would have been compelled to run out again. Fort Morgan resisted well, but greater means were combined for its reduction and was better resisted than any other similar case during the war. I am desirous that you and all others shall know that no other idea is entertained by the commanders of Mobile than that of determined and successful defense.

I am, very truly and respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, August 28, 1864.

Major General N. B. FORREST, Grenada, Miss.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires e to say that since 1st of July 1,700 Enfield rifles have been sent to your command, and as there has been no material increase in your forces, he supposes

