
[PRIVATE.] CLINTON, LA., August 30, 1864.

His excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I write at the very earliest moment I can send anything like definite information in regard to the prospect here.

I assumed command on the 26th. A force of the enemy fully 6,000 strong came out from Baton Rouge and Port Hudson, uniting at Clinton two days before. They met with little or no resistance from the cavalry, which behaved shamefully. Nothing prevented the enemy from taking possession of the district had they desired to do so. They, however, did but little damage and retired after remaining a few hours in Clinton, and when I reached that point had retreated to Baton Rouge, pursued by our cavalry at a respectable distance. I think their movement a feint to ascertain whether the cavalry here had been moved to the aid of Forrest, and the light skirmishing they encountered had a tendency to confirm them in any delusion of that kind. My advance pickets are now at Bayou Sara and the district as completely in our possession as it was before the enemy came out. I am taking vigorous steps to call in the absentees and stragglers. Have established a general hospital at this point, into which I shall order all the sick, and thus obviate this means of absenteeism and skulking. Governor Clark has ordered the militia of the State to report to me from the counties south of Copiah and Jefferson and WEST of Pearl River. I have established a cavalry camp for this force at Centerville, in Amite County, and an infantry camp at Summit, on the railroad. The reserves of East Louisiana have also been turned over to my command, and as they are generally mounted I have ordered them to rendezvous at Tangipahoa, whence they will scout to the lake shore and suppress illegal trading, as well as protecting that flank, while in the space between these two flanking columns of irregulars I have placed the regular cavalry regiments, pushing the pickets up to the places of lodgment of the ena weeks of time hope to give a good account of any party the enemy may send out in future. I send inclosed a short proclamation I have issued to the citizens that we may understand each other. The good citizens I think will sustain me, and I will take care of the vicious ones. I shall use vigorous measures to suppress the illegal cotton trade, and think I shall in a great measure succeed.

In conclusion, I can only say that while I greatly fear I shall not be able to fulfill all Your Excellency's expectations, I shall earnestly exert every faculty to do so, and I trust Your Excellency will attribute any failures to want of ability and not want of zeal. I have sent the letters to your family, but have not yet been able to see them.

I am, with sentiments of high respect and regard, your grateful friend and obedient servant,

GEO. B. HODGE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTH OF THE HOMOCHITTO,Clinton, La., August 26, 1864.

To the Citizens of Southwest MISSISSIPPI and East Louisiana:

In assigning me to the command of this district the President has instructed me, in addition to the duties which would ordinary devolve

