
upon me as military commander of the troops stationed here, to exercise the most vigilant care in protecting the citizens of the district in the exercise of their rights of property and personal liberty. It will be to me an object of earnest effort to obey these instructions in their largest spirit of beneficial protection. Exactions, illegal impressments, and unauthorized seizures of property made by subordinates in this district will, upon proper representation and proof adduced before the commanding general, be severely punished and rigidly restrained. If the citizens feel themselves to be oppressed or aggrieved by the military authorities they are urgently invited and solicited to bring their grievances to the notice of the general commanding. When offenses have been committed by the troops against the civil law of the land the offenders will be promptly given up when proper requisitions are made by the civil authorities. But while I shall honestly and faithfully endeavor to discharge these duties devolved upon me by the President and my superiors in command, I shall in turn expect a cordial co-operation upon your part in discharging the duties which patriotism and a feeling of devotion to your country require from you. The constant trading with the enemy, which some selfish and evil-disposed persons in the community indulge in, is demoralizing in its effects upon the people, and, while benefiting temporarily a few persons, weakens permanently the resources of the nation. The Government has found it expedient, at times heretofore, and possibly may so find it in future, to exchange cotton or army supplies. In all such exchanges hereafter the closest scrutiny will be applied to prevent abuses and frauds, and the people of the district are invoked to reflect that these exchanges are necessary for the maintenance of the armies contending for their liberties; but this does not justify private trade with the enemy, nor will it be tolerated.

In the same spirit of frankness and candor in which I have assured you of my earnest desire to protect you, I assure you that the penalties denounced by law against illegal trading with the enemy will be strictly enforced. The goods or articles of illicit trade will be seized and confiscated, and the parties engaged in the traffic visited with the extremist rigor of the law. It is the desire of the Government that private cotton shall, as far as possible, be removed east of the Pearl River.

The existence of large deposits of cotton contiguous to the lines of the enemy is a constant temptation to them to organize raids, which spread devastation and ruin throughout your district. Interest, then, no less than patriotic feeling, indicates the wisdom and prudence of removing the source and cause of calamity from your midst. To all owners of cotton who desire to carry out in this disposition of their property the views of the Government I am instructed to afford every aid and facility in the way of transportation and protection in my power. Should you decline to avail yourselves of these aids the cotton will, when in danger of falling into the hands of an advancing enemy, be invariably burned.

In the earnest hope, fellow-citizens, that we ma be able zealously and efficient to co-operate with each other in repelling and crippling the resources of the common enemy,

I am, respectfully, your fellow-citizen,

GEO. B. HODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District South of the Homochitto.

