HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF Kentucky,June 6, 1864.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE, Commanding District of Kentucky:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find copies of a letter* to you from Governor Bramlette, and my answer; * also copies of a telegram from myself to Major J. A. Campbell,+ assistant adjutant-general, and the reply. + I have already informed you that the 100-days' Indiana troops were sent to Nashville, in accordance with General Sherman's orders. From the inclosed correspondence you will perceive that it is not likely any new troops will be given you to replace those sent to the front. Any dependence on the Governor for militia, or six-months' Kentucky troops is, in my opinion, worthless. The inclosed letter shows that the disposition, as well as the ability, to furnish them is wanting. I have furnished General Ewing with a copy of Major Campbell's dispatch of 4th instant for his information and guidance. The principal want of troops just now in addition to a suitable guard for the Louisville and Nashville Railroad is to provide guards for the different provost-marshals and their deputies. It has become generally known amongst the negroes throughout the district that their masters' consent is not necessary to their enlistment. They are flocking in by hundreds-- far beyond the ability of the provost-marshal to attend to them--to enlist. This matter is one that has created considerable excitement in many districts. As yet I have no information of any violence, but it would not surprise me to learn at any moment that owners have banded together to resist the enlistment of their slaves. As you will perceive from the inclosures I deferred an answer to that portion of Governor Bramlette's letter referring to this subject until your return. I think that there is little danger of an invasion of the State. Forrest's movement will probably be checked in Tennessee before he can reach the Kentucky border, supposing it to be his intention to invade the State. Captain Fitch succeeded well in obtaining horses. Peremptory orders from department headquarters compelled me to relieve Captain Hardy, and he has left for his regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISA, KY., June 6, 1864--6. 30 p. m.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON, Asst. Adjt. General, Lexington, Ky.:

I left General Burbridge at 12 m yesterday; he had information that rebels were in Kentucky in force, and were making for the interior of the State. He thought it best for me to retire to Lexington and assume command of all the forces, and be in readiness to meet rebels. Received dispatch from Colonel Brown, Forty-fifth Kentucky, dated 6 p. m. 5th, at Three Forks. Bearer says that 1,200 rebels are reported in Whitesburg. If this is all the rebel force, General Burbridge on the left and rear and Colonel Brown on the right will use rebels up. If they are attempting raid it will be through Hazard. Direct troops at Irvine and Mount Sterling to be in readiness. Mount Thirtieth Kentucky as soon as possible. I will be in Lexington at the earliest moment.

E. H. HOBSON,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*Not found.

+See pp. 76, 78.

---------------

6 R R--VOL XXXIX, PT II

