
GRENADA, September 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS,

West Point:

Ship 2,000 of your best men and horses, and five of your best wagons and teams, and five ambulances to mobile; the rest of your command and trains to move slowly to Meridian and await orders.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, September 3, 1864.

General HOWELL COBB,

Macon, Ga.:

My dispatch to you meant all available force, however organized and however employed. Orders have been sent to the principal depots to send forward every detailed man who can be temporarily spared. I thought that the supporting force of the enrolling officers had some time since, say a week or more, been ordered to report to you for cavalry service in the field. Let there be no delay or hesitation; much depends upon prompt concentration and decided action.

JEFFN. DAVIS.

MOBILE, September 3, 1864.

General COOPER:

The following received from Forrest, at Granada, September 2:

Reported enemy's cavalry from Memphis will move in direction of Nashville. Trains going east, leaded with forage. Troops at Memphis under McPherson ordered up river.

D. H. MURRAY,

Major-General.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, September 3, 1864.

General JOEL RIGGS,

Asst. Adjt. General State of Alabama, Montgomery, Ala.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your favor of the 31st ultimo, tendering to me the services of Colonel Gindrat, aide-de-camp to His Excellency the Governor. I am much obliged to His Excellency for his kindness, as Colonel Gindrat is a most valuable assistant, and almost indispensable to me at this moment, You can say to the Governor for me that everything is progressing well at this point at present. We have about 4,500 laborers employed on the defenses of this city. A few more days will male us proof against peril. Our enemy has already lost his golden opportunity. With a little more force here we could have laughed at his worst efforts to do is harm. It would be extremely dangerous, however, to let a false idea of security seduce us into inactivity and a lack of energy. I think it is all important that the good people of our State should be kept alive to the fact that the enemy is still knocking at our doors. If they will turn out with the proper spirit there are more than enough old men and boys still in the great State of Alabama to keep back the tide of invasion that threatens to roll upon us from our southern shores. All things seem to point to this as the last effort that will be required of us to crown our labors with success and secure to us the blessing of peace

