
MERIDIAN, September 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

Suspended any further movements of troops. Retain your wagons and teams.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.

Weekly report of engineer operations, Mobile.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, September 4, 1864.

WATER DEFENSES.

1. Battery Gladden: Bomb-proof, nearly completed; one gun-pit prepared on bomb-proof. Whole battery in good condition.

2. Battery McIntosh: No work on battery; pile-driver worked on line of protection against launch attack. This line nearly finished. Battery in good order.

3. Battery Tracy: Work going on bomb-proof; rest of battery compelled and in good order.

4. Battery Huger: Completed, except sodding the parapet, which is in progress.

5. Missouri Battery: Completed.

6. New Mortar Battery: Working on bomb-proof, repairing parapets, and sodding. Battery nearly finished.

7. Battery Buchanan: Finished.

8. Round Battery: Finished.

9. General operations: Phoenix burned. Guide stakes cut off close to water's edge; beacons prepared.

LAND DEFENSES.

Parapets in front of guns in all the redoubts have been lowered to prepare for action, except Redoubt A. Traverse repaired at C. Platforms for five guns laid at D, and parapet nearly finished; work on magazine commenced. Curtain between D and E finished, except revetment. Covering of bomb-proof at E made safe. Curtain between E and F put in state of defense. Same between F and H. Work done in extending flanks of H. Redan between H and I in progress; L and M commenced, L nearly ready for platform. N has made rapid progress; is ready for commencing to lay platforms. This work being deemed important has been worked on night and day with a force of some 500 hands. Three days of rainy weather has interfered with the work and stopped operations between I and K, where the ground is low.

EASTERN SHORE.

1. Spanish Fort: Earth-work completed; one 6. 4 gun mounted. Redoubt Numbers 2: earth-work nearly completed. Redoubt Numbers 3 commenced. Timber cleared in front of and between these works.

2. Wharf at Blakely repaired, Wharf at huger repaired. Work going on bridge between Blakely and Spanish Fort, over Bay Minette. Military road being mane between same points. Hands at Blakely loading earth.

