
MERIDIAN, MISS., September 5, 1864.

Governor CHARLES CLARK, Meridian, Miss.:

MY DEAR GOVERNOR: As there is no indication of an immediate advance from Vicksburg, and as General Wirt Adams has a force large enough to deal with any likely to be brought against him, I do not think it advisable to send any more militia to him. It is important that I should have a force to guard some of the important trestles on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. I will be glad, therefore, if you will order Chandler's regiment and Montgomery's company of unattached cavalry to Bucatunna. The cavalry is to do scouting duty for the regiment. In that position I can easily send Chandler by rail to any threatened point.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MERIDIAN, September 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General CHALMERS:

Do not ship any more troops. Encamp your command, refit, and await orders. Retain your transportation.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 211. Richmond, Va., September 6, 1864.

* * * * * *

XXVII. The territory embraced within the lines hereinafter described will constitute the Military Department of Western Kentucky, to the command of which Brigadier General A. R. Johnson, Provisional Army, C. S., is hereby assigned, to wit: Commencing at the mouth of Salt River, Ky., and extending through Elizabethtown, Glasgow, and Tompkinsville, Ky., to Carthage, Tenn. ; thence along the Cumberland River to Nashville; thence with the line of the Northwestern railroad to the Tennessee River; thence WEST to Hickman, Ky. ; thence along the MISSISSIPPI River to the mouth of the Ohio River; thence along the Ohio River to the beginning of the line.

XXVIII. Paragraph I, General Orders, Numbers 74, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, series of 1862, is hereby revoked, so far as it relates to the Department of Western Kentucky, constituted by paragraph XXVII of this order, and the execution of the conscription acts will be resumed therein.

XXIX. The officers charges with the duties of conscription in the Department of Western Kentucky will, till further orders, report to, and received instructions from, Brigadier-General Johnson, as well also those ordered to inspect, muster in, and organize recruits and conscripts; and such officers are respectively authorized to conscribe, enroll, and assign conscripts, and to organize new regiments of cavalry and infantry, and new companies of artillery.

The action of Colonel A. R. Johnson, heretofore had within the limits of the Department of Western Kentucky, is organized as coming within the purview of his authority and duties, and is hereby confirmed and made the action of the War Department.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

52 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT II

