
[Sixth indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

December 13, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War, with Major-General Maury's response to his indorsement in explanation.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] SEPTEMBER 3, 1864. Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS, Commanding, &amp;c., Jackson, Miss.:

GENERAL: Captain S. M. Barr, in charge of arms for Trans- MISSISSIPPI Department, informs me from Brandon that you have seized 1,000 stand Enfield rifles at that place and turned them over to the militia, threatening to put him under arrest. I regret your action in this matter exceedingly, in view of your uniform kindness and accommodation to me heretofore, and I beg leave to say to you that in reference to Captain Barr's refusal to turn the arms over under your orders, he acted in accordance with my orders, and his conduct meets me approval. General Bragg ordered me to turn these same arms over to General Withers at Montgomery through Lieutenant-General lee, and subsequently through Major-General Maury, to turn them over for the Department of the Gulf, which I refused to do until the matter was referred to Richmond and the following telegrams were received, which I send you for your information:

RICHMOND, August 12.

Major T. H. PRICE.

* * * * * *

The Secretary of War directs you to retain the arms for the Trans- MISSISSIPPI Department. I have telegraphed General Maury.

J. GORGAS.

Dispatch to General Maury:

RICHMOND, August 12.

Do not stop the arms destined for the Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department.

J. GORGAS.

I hope you will return these arms at once, as I shall await your reply before reporting the matter to Richmond. Besides the 1,000 stand in question, I am informed that you have taken 2,000 stand from Brandon without my knowledge or consent, which I had placed at that point under instructions from General Kirby Smith, and that these arms are somewhere down the country, in whose charge I know not, but I do know that I am responsible for them. I cannot think, general, that you intend and discourtesy to me in this matter or you would designedly cause confusion in affairs instructed to my charge by the Government.

Hoping to hear from you very soon, I remain, with respect, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. PRICE,

Major, &c.

