
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] SEPTEMBER 5, 1864. Major General D. H. MAURY:

GENERAL: Your telegram on the 4th instant in the following words received:

Gorgas told me not to take arms if I could help it; but I can't help it.

I beg leave to call your attention to the following dispatch sent me from Richmond, a copy of the one sent to you:

RICHMOND, August 12.

General D. H. MAURY:

Do not stop the arms destined for the Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department.

* * * * * *

I hope under these orders from the Secretary of War, through my chief at Richmond, you will allow me to urge upon you to return these arms, especially as I know it to be the express order and wish of the Government that the militia should not be armed with Enfield rifles. Supposing that General Adams had acted on his own responsibility, I have written to him demanding the return of the arms and complaining, among other things, of discourtesy to me in the matter, and an interference without my knowledge with matters instructed to me by the Government. I feel assured, general, that you, of all the commanding officers I know, would be the last to be guilty of any intentional conduct of that sort. I have been under the painful necessity of reporting to Richmond heretofore, that instead of rendering me assistance the commandants of this department have given me more difficulty in the execution of my orders than the enemy, and I flattered myself when you took command that I would have the pleasure of making the exception in your favor. If your necessities are so pressing as to force you to persist in holding these arms for the militia you will please let me know, that I may report the fact, and you will also please order the ordnance officer of your department to send me his receipt for same, as I cannot receive the receipts of the militia officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. H. PRICE,

Major, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Jackson, Miss., September 5, 1864.

Major T. H. PRICE,

Ordnance Officer, Selma, Ala.:

MAJOR: Your communication of 3rd instant, in reference to arms intended for the Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department, is received. I inclose you herewith, in explanation of my action in this matter, the orders and official communications of Major-General Maury, commanding Department. One thousand and FIFTY stand of these arms have been turned over to State troops, in compliance with these orders; the remaining 1,950 stand, after being taken to the MISSISSIPPI River, were returned to Hazlehurst and are now stored at or near that point. I will turn them over to you or to your order whenever applied for.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WIRT ADAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

