
Since the letter to you was written the following telegram has been received:

MERIDIAN, MISS., September 5, 1864.

Brigadier General WIRT ADAMS:

Stop all arms en route for Trans-MISSISSIPPI Department, and have them brought back to Jackson, subject to orders of department commander.

By command of Major-General Maury:

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CHALMERS' DIVISION, FORREST'S CAVALRY,West Point, Miss., September 8, 2864.

COMMANDING OFFICER REGIMENT STATE CAVALRY:

Pineville, Miss.:

COLONEL: General Chalmers has just received instructions from Major-General Forrest to "order the regiment of State cavalry at Pineville to Rienzi and Corinth to guard the railroad. " General Chalmers therefore directs that you move with your command of Saturday morning for the points designated. You will carry with you all of your wagons; your men will carry four days' cooked rations and one day's forage with them. You will supply yourselves with ten day's rations of beef on foot from the post commissary at Okolona, which you will drive with you. You will encamp the first night at Verona, where arrangements will be made to furnish you with a further supply of forage. You are at liberty to encamp at either of the points above designated which you may prefer. General Chalmers has information that the grazing around Corinth is very fine, and it will probably furnish the best encampment. You will guard carefully against a surprise. Keep all approaches to you camp well picketed, and throw out scouting parties twelve or fifteenth miles to the north and west. Report promptly to these headquarters any suspicious movements of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

H. H. CHALMERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,September 9, 1864.

General BRAGG:

General Sherman has ordered the removal of all citizens from Atlanta, to go North or South as they may elect, and proposes a truce for ten days to provide for the transportation of such as may desire to come South. Have accepted and am making arrangements.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, GA., September 9, 1864 - 1 p. m.

General B. BRAGG, Richmond, Va.:

General Taylor informs me, in reply to my dispatch* on the subject of troops crossing the river, that none have crossed and believes no effort is being made to cross any.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

---------------

* See Hood to Gardner, Vol. XXXVIII, Part V, p. 1030.

---------------

