
their homes without preparation (excepting to be gone but a few weeks), who have remained in service over three months (most of the time in the trenches), justice that they be permitted, while the enemy are preparing for the winter campaign, to return to their homes and look or a time after important interests and prepare themselves for such service as may be required when another campaign commences against other important points in the State. I, therefore, hereby withdraw said organization from your command.

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

SEPTEMBER 10, 1864.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs me to inform you that Major Clare has been ordered to superintend the removal of citizens from Atlanta, and will take charge of the guards, ambulances, and wagons employed for this purpose.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOVEJOY'S, September 10, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Corinth, Miss.:

Continue your work upon the enemy's communications. It is important to keep them constantly broken between this point and Chattanooga. Forrest and Roddey are ordered on same mission. Will send you at once to Corinth, by rail, all the horseshoes I can raise. Have telegraphed General Maury also to furnish you, if possible. Have an officer at Corinth to receive them.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

MOBILE, September 10, 1864.

Major General N. B. FORREST:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Taylor to call your attention to the importance of breaking up the illegal traffic and free intercourse with the enemy which was has to so great an extent obtained in this department. It is absolutely essential to the necessary secretary of military operations, as well as to the morals of our people, that it should be broken up. The general is determined to stop it, and, as an important step in that direction, directs me to say to you that as it has been represented to him many irregularities and forged passes for persons and cotton under alleged Government contract to go through the lines are in existence, and as many frauds have been perpetrated, and much important information given to the enemy thereby, you will from receipt hereof permit no cotton or person to pass your lines in direction of the enemy until the contracts or passes under which a passage is claimed are submitted to and acted upon by him. Hereafter you will permit no cotton or persons (except such secret agents as are absolutely necessary for your own information as to matters within the enemy's lines) to pass your lines toward the enemy except upon permits or passes issued or approved at department headquarters. Should you detect any

