
Forrest's presumed intentions were reported by General Washburn, commanding at Memphis, on the 23rd ultimo, and a DIVISION of the Seventeenth Army Corps was at once sent to him. He was directed to organize as large a force as he could for operations against Forrest, and to detain at Memphis instead of his own troops some twenty regiments, new and old, that were then under orders to report to me. On the 3rd instant two DIVISIONS of the SIXTEENTH Corps were sent to Memphis, but General Smith was instructed on his way up to clean out the rebels who were at work in the neighborhood of Greenville.

I will send whatever force may be necessary to keep open Sherman's communications. Washburn's expedition started from Memphis on the 1st instant, and I hope in season to prevent any mischief by Forrest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

ACWORTH, GA., June 7, 1864.

(Received 9th.)

Major-General WASHBURN,

Memphis:

Use the militia which come into your district as you think best, and give what force and assistance you can to the expedition against Mobile, now fitting out under the command of Major General A. J. Smith.

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

We flanked Joe Johnston here again.

OPERATOR.
HDQRS CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Ruckersville, Miss., June 7, 1864.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: We arrived here about noon yesterday. Forage very scarce. Have had difficulty in obtaining one feed for my command. It will be impossible to feed the train on this route between here and the Big Hatchie country; reported very poor beyond that. From all information the enemy passed south from Corinth through Rienzi last Friday and Saturday, and have not run the cars north since. Our scouts beyond the Hatchie learned that our forces were in Rienzi yesterday morning--this is Karge. Have not heard directly from him yet. I have 200 men at the bridge at Meeks' Mill, feeling beyond; will send you word as soon as I hear from him. Three bridges over Muddy between you and us are very bad. I would suggest that the infantry be turned southeast toward Ripley, as forage is more likely to be found than by this route. Intelligent negro from Tupelo reports Forrest at that point one week ago, with 6,000 mounted men. Will await further orders at or near this point. May move a short distance south to find forage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.

