
up the MISSISSIPPI River; said to be moving to Nashville. Move against the road south of Chattanooga and keep it continually broken. They repair very rapidly.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

SEPTEMBER 11, 1864 - 10. 30 a. m.

Brigadier-General IVERSON,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

General Hood directs me to inform you that a truce of ten days has been agreed upon between himself and General Sherman, commencing upon the 12th instant and ending on the 21st. This truce is only applicable to the thoroughfares and the country leading to and in the vicinity of Rough and Ready, the object being to aid in the removal of citizens of Atlanta who shall desire to come South under the recent order of General Sherman. Of course during the time specified all trains and public property will be suffered to pass in the vicinity mentioned unmolested.

[A. P. MANSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

(Copy of same sent General Jackson.)

Copy of foregoing dispatch, with this addition, sent General John T. Morgan, commanding, &c.: General Hood desires you to send a detail of couriers to these headquarters to receive your dispatches. Please convey this intelligence to General Iverson.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ROSS'S Brigadier, JACKSON'S CAV. DIV. Numbers 21. Fayetteville, Ga., September 11, 1864.

The attention of the officers and men of this brigade is directed to General Orders, Numbers 16, from these headquarters. Citizens complain almost daily of the depredations of this brigade upon their property. Hogs are being stolen and killed almost every night, and it is certain that some of the officers of the brigade are acquainted with the same of the offenders. Company officers are notified that they responsible for the conduct of their men, and that is such lawlessness and disgraceful disregard for the right citizens is not checked some of them will suffer the most severe consequences. They are expected to control their men, and failing to do so should be dismissed from the service. Hereafter, therefore, if fresh meat of any kind illegally obtained is brought into the camps of any company, and the company officers fail to find out and punish or bring to trial the party or parties having it, they will themselves be liable to arrest and charges of "disobedience of orders" and "neglect of duty. " The brigade commander is determined, if possible, to arrest the growing disregard for the rights of private property, which is more and more manifest in this command every day. It is equally as disreputable now "to steal a hog" as in times of peace, and the man who can be guilty of such an offense is unworthy to be regarded either as an honest man or as a gentleman.

By order of Brigadier-General Ross:

D. R. GURLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

