
gret that this duty was neglected, and the order permitted to lie unpublished in his office - a neglect of duty which deserve censure. As, however, Colonel Neely had regular official information of the existence of that order, which was, indeed, in his own hands, and as some others of you had verbal information of the existence of such an order, the general thinks that the fact that you have not received official copies of it affords scarcely a decent pretext for hesitating to obey orders issued by or coming through Colonel Rucker.

I am, gentleman, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. GOODMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Meridian, September 12, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE B. HODGE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Clinton, La.:

GENERAL: I am directed by Lieutenant-General Taylor to inform you he considers it essential to the efficiency and prompt movement of the troops for all forces in Western and Southwester MISSISSIPPI and East Louisiana to be subject to the orders and control of some one commanding officer, who may be held responsible for their proper disposition and availability. He therefore directs, as Brigadier General Wirt Adams is the senior officer in the district named, that you will hereafter report to, and receive your orders, that officer.

I have the honor to be, general. most respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, GA., September 13, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

In the battle of July 20 we failed on account of General Hardee. Our success on July 22 not what it would have been, owing to this officer. Our failure on August 31 I am now convinced was greatly owing to him. Please confer with Lieutenant-Generals Stewart and S. D. Lee as to operations around Atlanta, It is of the utmost importance that Hardee should be relieved at once. He commands the best troops of this army. I must have another commander. Taylor or Cheatham will answer. Hardee handed in his resignation a few days since, but withdrew it. Can General Cobb give me all the reserve regiments he has?

J. B. HOOD.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, GA., September 13, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond, Va.:

Sent a dispatch to the President in cipher. Desire you to see it. You know something if the facts. Will do all in my power with resources in my hands.

J. B. HOOD.

