
LOVEJOY'S STATION, GA., September 13, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

General Brown is in command of Bate's DIVISION with temporary rank of major-general, and General Cumming is absent severely wounded. General Holtzclaw is absent. Desire the appointment of Colonel Shelley to command Cantey's brigade as already asked. Cantey is sick and not likely to return.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, GA., September 13, 1864.

Brigadier General A. R. LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General, Richmond:

It is very important that funds for the payment of this army should be sent without delay to prevent dissatisfaction and desertion in consequence of the non-payment of the troops.

J. B. HOOD.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, GA., September 13, 1864.

Governor J. E. BROWN,

Milledgeville:

The enemy having robbed the people in the vicinity of Jonesborough, I have about 1,000 applications daily for rations for persons in that quarter. I cannot subsist them. Can you not make arrangements and send food for them?

J. B. HOOD,

General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 18. In the Field, September 13, 1864.

I. The general commanding desires to call the attention of his corps and DIVISION commanders to the great importance of having their commands well in hand and to prevent straggling while on the march. He was pained to see that on the last march from Atlanta to this point two-THIRDs of the straggling was caused not from the fatigue of marching, but by want of discipline by regimental and company commanders and the great desires of the men for leaving for their commands and plundering the citizens of the country. Hereafter corps commanders will hold responsible the DIVISION, they their brigade commanders, and the brigadiers will hold their regimental and company officers responsible for all straggling or irregularities on the march.

II. Rolls will be called before commencing the march. DIVISION commanders will halt their commands at the expiration of every hour, stack arms and have their rolls called, resting ten minutes at each regular halt. Brigade commanders will have their regimental and company commanders to march in the rear of their respective commands, and will be responsible for all men of their commands who straggle. The men of reach brigade who are unable to march in ranks with their commands will be collected together and placed under the charge of a commissioned officer who will be responsible for their conduct while on the march. When the march for the day is over, the name, company, and regiment

53 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT II

