
detailed as teamsters driving other teams than ambulances or the brigade ordnance wagons will be sent at once under guard to the provost-marshal-general of the army to be returned to their commands. This is intended to refer to teamsters of all reserve ordnance trains, who will be sent to the provost-marshal-general, and their places filled by negroes.

By command of General Hood:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Numbers 20. In the Field, September 14, 1864.

Brigadier General F. A. Shoup, Provisional Army, is relieved from duty as chief of staff, Army of Tennessee, at his own request.

By command of General Hood:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, GA., September 14, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT CONFEDERATE STATES:

Mr. PRESIDENT: Several officers have asked me to write to you regard to a feeling of depredations more or less apparent in parts of this army, and I have declined doing so, but for your own satisfaction it might be well that you send one or two intelligent officers here to visit the different DIVISIONS and brigades to ascertain of that spirit of confidence so necessary for success has or not been impaired within the past month or two. They might further inquire into the cause if they find in this army any want of enthusiasm. I am sure you will pardon my writing to you thus when I tell you it is dictated by the purest of motives and in the spirit of friendship.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. FRENCH,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred, in the absence of the President, to the honorable the Secretary of War.

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.

MOBILE, September 14, 1864.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

To secure army supplies much needed in this department and not otherwise obtainable, as well as to regulate the cotton traffic, I respectfully ask that the Treasury Department instruct its cotton agent in MISSISSIPPI to turn over to me upon my requisition such cotton as I may require to pay for supplies delivered. Answer.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

