HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bowling's House, June 7, 1864.

Captain W. C. RAWOLLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I moved through Ripley, and ascertaining that the enemy had taken the right hand or Pontotoc road, and also finding that forage was most likely to be found on that road, I concluded to move a short distance in that direction and encamp. We encountered the enemy in considerable force near this point, and drove him some distance; but night coming on I did not succeed in fully unmasking his force. I judge 200 or 300 at least showed themselves in our front. A brigade, under Russell, is reported to be between here and the Tallahatchie. If the general approves I will move forward at daylight in the morning several miles farther on this road and then swing across on the Ellistown road. By that means the enemy will be deceived as to our real intention, and any forage which may be on the Ellistown road will be saved for the train. There is a road near this point which crosses to the Ellistown road, striking it seven miles from Ripley, and another several miles farther on. Please send me orders by return of courier. My rations will be out by to-morrow night. There is no forage at this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,June 7, 1864--10. 30 p. m.

General GRIERSON, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your note is just received. From all I can learn there is nothing in your front but Russell's brigade, which came up on a scout from Oxford. I approve your suggestion, and believe you can capture the whole of the bridge, as the Tallahatchie is said to have risen since that brigade crossed. Rations will have to be issued to Colonel McMillen's brigade in the morning after the train arrives, and the command will necessarily be detained here for a few hours. Unless you develop such a force as may render it necessary to advance, you will please move early, and keep me posted, so that I may be able to render assistance if necessary, or, if not necessary, lose no time in getting on to the Ellistown road, as I am especially anxious to be in position to relieve Colonel Karge.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.

P. S. --Please retain this note.

S. D. S.
HEADQUARTERS,June 7, 1864--12. 30 p. m.

General GRIERSON, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: I inclose a note* addressed to you and brought by an officer and twenty-five men. I trust that before now some of the parties you sent out will have found Colonel Karge and that he will be on

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

