
The troops in the district were very few, badly organized, badly equipped, badly disciplined. Of these it became my duty to make such dispositions as would enable me to check raids from greatly superior forces of the enemy located at Baton Rouge, Morganza, and Natchez, and at the same time to picket and guard the roads, that illegal shipments of cotton should be prevented, and this I have endeavored to do and thus far with some immediate and greater prospect of success.

I, however, received the following dispatches:

MOBILE, ALA., August [September] 12, 1864.

Brigadier-General HODGE:

You are directed to report to and receive your orders from Brigadier General Wirt Adams. Furnish him with any troops he may order.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOBILE, [September 10,] 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE B. HODGE:

No cotton can be shipped by any one until the papers under which shipment is asked are submitted to and approved by Lieutenant- General Taylor.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

It will be perceived that by these orders my district is merged in another, and the control of my troops placed under the command of another brigadier-general, commanding an adjoining district. No volition, choice, or judgment is left to me as to the measures I should take in carrying out the views of the Government at Richmond. Brigadier-General Adams may call for all my troops at the very moment my district is being overrun by the enemy. My duty is clearly to obey his orders and furnish the troops, yet the apparent responsibility of the loss of the district would, in the estimation of the country and of the Government, rest upon me. I am liable to be deprived at any moment of the means of suppressing the trade in cotton, or to have the measures I have taken nullified and rendered nugatory. I am powerless to accomplish the objects for which I understood I was sent here. Under these circumstances, while entertaining the highest opinion of the abilities and military status of Brigadier General Wirt Adams, and while expressly and earnestly protesting against the supposition that I presume to question the correctness of judgment or wisdom of action of the distinguished lieutenant-general who commands the department, justice to myself and to the department compels me most respectfully to protest, which I here most respectfully do.

I am, captain, yours, &amp;c.,

GEORGE B. HODGE,

Brigadier-General.

SPANISH FORT, September 16, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel V. SHELIHA,

Chief Engineer District of the Gulf:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report progress of work for the week ending on the 11th instant, at Blakely, Batteries treaty and Huger, and Spanish Fort. At Blakely the new work near Sibley's brick-yard has been started and considerable progress made. A gang of thirty hands has been employed at treaty wheeling earth from transports to cover.

