
the new magazine, and clearing away the debris accumulation from work on alternation made upon the battery; with the exception of sodding the earth on magazine all the work on this battery has been completed, so far as instructed. At Battery Huger a small gang of hands has been employed cutting grass on the marsh, south side, trimming glacis on the north side of the battery, and clearing up; also in preparing to strengthen the obstructions. At Spanish Fort the main work and Redoubt Numbers 2 have advanced rapidly toward completion. Redoubt Numbers 3 has been commenced and much progress made. A gang of twenty-four men has been employed hewing timber for bomb-proof and magazines, and a like number cutting down timber in front of the work. The bridge across Bay Minette has also been pushed forward, and is nearly ready for crossing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. GINDRAT,

Assistant Engineer.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, GA., September 17, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS,

Richmond, Va.:

By next Monday evening this army will be between Palmetto and Fairburn. Please appoint Cheatham to command Hardee's corps. This change will promote the efficiency of the army. If Hardee is relieved Cheatham takes command by seniority of rank.

J. B. HOOD.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, September 17, 1864.

General B. BRAGG,

Richmond:

As the army will more toward WEST Point railroad, will you please order Major J. F. Cummings, purchasing commissary, to go and remain at WEST Point.

J. B. HOOD.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS,

In the Field, September 17, 1864.

The DIVISION of this corps will march to-morrow in the following order: Clayton's, at 5. 30 a. m. ; Johnson's, at 7 a. m. ; Stevenson's, at 9 a. m. The artillery battalions will move with their respective DIVISION; DIVISION ordnance wagons of each DIVISION after the artillery; cook wagons after the ordnance. There will be a quartermaster in charge of the cook wagons of each DIVISION. Generals Stevenson and Johnson will march on the road leading by the headquarters and Liberty Church. Guides will be furnished. The wagons will be ordered up to night; should they not all arrive by the time the commands move a guard of one or two men will be left with the baggage, who will join their commands at night. The hospitals will not be moved until 12 m., and then under the direction of the medical director of this corps.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

