
LOVEJOY'S, September 18, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

Headquarters to-morrow at palmetto, left on Chattahoochee. Join left as soon as possible.

J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, GA., September 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General WINDER,

Andersonville:

As the army will be in position to-morrow on the WEST Point railroad, it is important that the Federal prisoners, except the 2,000 to be exchanges, should be removed without delay.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

LOVEJOY'S STATION, GA., September 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General WRIGHT,

Macon:

As the army to-morrow will be in position on the WEST Point railroad, send me belonging to the army to Griffin, and from there they will be marched across to the railroad.

[J. B. HOOD,

General.]

MOBILE, September 18, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

I find the following staff on duty in this department: Lieutenant Colonel George Deas, assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. F. Bullock, Jr., assistant adjutant-general; Major G. W. Holt, assistant adjutant and inspector general; Major J. S. Hope, assistant adjutant and inspector general; Captain W. Hough, assistant adjutant and inspector general; Major G. B. Dyer, chief commissary; Major J. w. Young, chief quartermaster; Surg. P. B. Scott, medical director; Major J. K. McCall, ordnance officer.

I respectfully recommend and urge that Lieutenant-Colonel Deas and Major Holt be relieved, and Major E. Surget, assistant adjutant- general, and W. M. Levy, assistant adjutant and inspector general, be assigned to me, with such promotions as existing regulations authorize; also that Captain W. F. Bullock, Jr., born in Kentucky, citizen of Arkansas, be promoted to major in adjutant- general's department, and permanently assigned to this department as examiner of court-martial proceedings; also that Colonel J. L. Brent be assigned as chief of artillery, and Captain Andrew J. Watt and Major Joseph D. Sayers, formerly of General's Mouton's and Green's staffs, and with me since the death of these generals, be ordered to report to me for appropriate duty. Majors Surget and Levy and Colonel Brent have long been with me, and am particularly desirous to retain them. They are fine officers. The above are the only changes I desire in department staff.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

