
[First indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to honorable Secretary of War.

JOHN W. RIELY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

Telegraph Lieutenant-General taylor that, in compliance with his recommendation, he is authorized to relieve Lieutenant-Colonel Deas and Major Holt from duty at hi headquarters, but that he is not authorized to order them to report to this office for assignment, there being no vacant assignments for them within the knowledge of this office. Under the restrictions of regulations and orders Lieutenant-Colonel Deas is assistant adjutant-general in the regular army, and Major Holt is a first lieutenant in the same army with temporary rank of major for command and "service with volunteer troops. " If he have no such command and service his temporary rank falls. Majors Surget and Levy have been promoted and ordered to report to him.

S. C.

[Memoranda.]

George Deas is lieutenant-colonel, adjutant-general's department, C. S. Army. W. F. Bullock is a captain and assistant adjutant- general, Provisional Army, C. S. G. W. Holt is a first lieutenant infantry, C. S. Army; has temporary rank of major. W. Hough is a captain and assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, C. S. G. B. Dyer is a major and commissary of subsistence, Provisional Army, C. S. J. W. Young is a major and quartermaster, Provisional Army, C. S. P. B. Scott is a surgeon, Provisional Army, C. S. J. K. McCall is a first lieutenant infantry, C. S. Army; has temporary rank of major, in command of arsenal battalion, Atlanta, Ga. Adjutants May and Hope do not appear on the records.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Cherokee, September 18, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding Dept. of Ala., Miss., and East La., Mobile:

GENERAL: I have the honor to announce my arrival here by rail this evening. Buford's DIVISION has also reached here and Rucker's brigade will be here to-morrow. I have not seen Major-General Wheeler yet, but I understand that his command will not number more than 2,000 men; the men have deserted and straggled off to such an extent, and a portion of them cut off or lost, and the above is represented as his effective strength. General Roddey claims to have 2,000 men, but they are much scattered, and it is uncertain what number can be relied on from that quarter. The enemy are reported in heavy force in Middle Tennessee. Nevertheless, I shall go on and do the best I can. I learn from a person who left Memphis a few days since that another move against North MISSISSIPPI is in preparation. General Smith has returned to Memphis. Their lines are closed, and under the circumstances I have telegraphed General Chalmers as per copy inclosed. I respectfully suggest that unless much needed at Mobil, McCulloch's brigade

