
be sent to Tupelo or Verona. There is a regiment of State troops at Corinth, but I do not consider them sufficient for the protection of this road; hence the suggestion in regard to McCulloch's brigade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS,Cherokee, September 18, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES R. CHALMERS, OR COMMANDING OFFICER,

Grenada:

You will send at once a sufficient force to break the railroad from La Grange to as near Memphis as practicable, burning all the bridges and trestles and destroying the road as thoroughly as possible.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Petersburg, September 19, 1864.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President Confederate States:

Mr. PRESIDENT: I have had a conversation with general Beauregard with reference to the army and operations in Georgia. I have endeavored particularly to explain to him the necessity of the commander in Georgia developing the latent resources of the department, drawing to him all absentees from the army, concentrating its strength, restoring its confidence, and, in a word, creating the means with which he must operate against the enemy and the impracticability at present of giving him any extraneous aid. Of all this he is fully sensible, and while strongly impressed with the responsibility of the station and fearful of not being equal to the present emergency, being anxious to do all in his power to serve the country, he says he will obey with alacrity any order of the War Department placing him in command of that army, and do his best to expel the enemy. Should you deem, therefore, a change in the commander of the army in Georgia advantageous, and select General Beauregard for that position, I think you may feel assured that he understands the general condition of affairs, the difficulties with which they are surrounded, and the importance of exerting all his energies for their improvements. To facilitate his operations I would recommend that is assigned to that duty his chief of staff and assistant, his chief quartermaster, surgeon, medical inspector, engineer, and commissary, if required, be ordered with him. None of these officers will be wanted with this army. His chief of staff and quartermaster are conversant with that army and country, and the other officers have been a long time with him. His chief engineer, Colonel Harris, would be very useful at Wilmington or Charleston, and the services of his commissary might not be required in Georgia.

Committing this whole subject now to Your Excellency's good judgement,

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

Rl.

