
II. Corps, DIVISION, and brigade inspector, and any other staff officers that can be spared for the purpose, will see that this and all other orders pertaining to the line of march are rigidly enforced. They will scatter themselves through their respective commands, see that all trains, as well as the artillery, move steadily forward, that there are no gaps, and that officers of every grade remain with their respective trusts. It is made the duty particularly of all inspectors to see that the provisions of this and General Orders, Numbers 18, from these headquarters, dated September 13, 1864, are strictly enforced.

By command of General Hood:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Tuscumbia, Ala., September 20, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD,

Army of Tennessee;

General Forrest thinks that the aid of my force for ten or twelve days would be of great service to him and materially affect the success of his expedition. Some of my troops are still in Tennessee, and by remaining a short time I could increase my command. All reports indicate great difficulty in moving by the route you first ordered. However, unless I hear from you, will start as directed as soon as possible. General Williams being absent with half my command, I will only be able to bring back 2,000 men.

JOS. WHEELER,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS, Numbers 82. Tuscumbia, Ala., September 20, 1864.

The following troops of this corps will immediately report to Major-General Forrest, and accompany him on his expedition into Middle Tennessee: Colonel McLemore, commanding Fourth Tennessee Regiment; Colonel Nixon, commanding Nixon's regiment; Colonel J. B. Biffle, commanding brigade Tennessee troops.

By order of Major-General Wheeler:

WM. E. WAILES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PALMETTO, September 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General TYLER,

West Point:

Bring with the train to-morrow flat-cars or hand-cars to carry the iron. The superintendent can tell you what force of negroes to bring. Urge upon him the importance of the transfer to this road without delay of the rolling-stock of the road.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

54 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT II

