
his way to join us. This party had to raft the Hatchie River, and have made a long march, so I have encamped them here and send this by a courier.

S. D. STURGIS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Ruckersville, Miss., June 7, 1864.

Colonel JOSEPH KARGE, Commanding Detachment Cavalry DIVISION:

COLONEL: From information just received from General Sturgis, the infantry are moving on the Saulsbury and Ripley road, via Ripley, toward Ellistown. They will encamp near Ripley to-night. I will move by the most direct route from this point toward Ellistown, and will encamp south of or near Ripley to-night. You will move from the point where this finds you, by the most direct and practicable route, toward Ellistown. Do not go beyond that point. If you are not too much fatigued join me to-night, otherwise communicate and let me know where you encamp to-night.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Courier did not succeed in reaching Colonel Karge with this dispatch.

DANVILLE, MISS., Near Tuscumbia Bottom, June 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRIERSON,

Commanding Cavalry DIVISION, SIXTEENTH Army Corps:

GENERAL: There is no enemy at Corinth. I met with very little opposition and took him everywhere by surprise. Captain Curry, of the Tenth Missouri, whom I sent in advance to hold the bridge over the Tuscumbia at this point, had a lively little skirmish with 100 of Newsom's command, drove them across the river, and took 7 prisoners. The enemy succeeded though in destroying the bridge, which prevented our following them. The nearest point where the enemy is concentrated in any force, if at all, as far as I can ascertain, is Tupelo. We captured in all 21 prisoners and lost neither men nor horses. My command is in the best of spirits, but my horses are very tired, owing to the heavy roads and forced march I have made the last twenty-four hours.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH KARGE,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ohio, June 8, 1864--9. 30 p. m.

Brigadier General E. H. HOBSON, Corington, Ky.:

One regiment has been ordered from Camp Dennison and will probably join you before morning. I have ordered a regiment and battery from Sandusky; if they can get transportation at once they will report to you to-morrow evening. What force have you at Covington?

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

