
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 116. Meridian, September 20, 1864.

The headquarters Department of Alabama, Mississippi, and East Louisiana, are hereby removed to Selma, Ala. The officers of the staff of the lieutenant-general commanding will report at once to that place.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FORREST'S CAVALRY,Cherokee, September 20, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR, Commanding. &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I met Major-General Wheeler to-day at Tuscumbia. His command is in a demoralized condition. He claims to have about 2,000 men with him; his adjutant-general says, however, that he will not be able to raise and carry back with him exceeding 1,000, and in all probability not over 500. One of his brigade left him and he does not know whether they are captured or haves returned, or are still in Middle Tennessee. He sent General Martin back in arrest, and his whole command is demoralized to such an extent that he expresses himself as disheartened, and that, having lost influence with the troops, and being unable to secure the aid and co-operation of his officers, he believes it to the interest of the service that he should be relieved from command. General Roddey is sick, but has ordered three regiments - I suppose about 900 men - to report to me. You will see, therefore, that I can expect but little assistance, but will nevertheless go ahead; am all ready and will moves in the morning and have my command across the river to-morrow night. General Wheeler has turned over to me what he has of my old brigade, numbering sixty men. When I left it with him last November it then numbered over 2,300 for duty. I hope to be instrumental in gathering them up. I am satisfied that many will flock to me and I shall greatly need the arms telegraphed for to-night.

I am, general, yours, &c.,

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

ENGINEER OFFICE,

Mobile, September 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel SHELIHA,

Chief Engineer District of the Gulf:

COLONEL: Please notice and give your attention to the following points: Have the obstructions in Blakely and Apalachee Rivers strengthened as soon and as much as possible by rafts, barges, hulks, chains, and any material that will serve that purpose. Give your attention to field-works at Blakely, and visit the ground at your earliest convenience. The curtain line between I and K is still in statu quo and needs attention. The right of the line of rear defense from A to the river and rear redoubts on river must be kept in view. The ditches encircling the Batteries Huger and treaty should be made as soon as tides will permit. The piling around Gladden and McIntosh needs urging.

S. H. LOCKETT,

Colonel and Chief Engineer of Department.

