
II. The different commanders should issue the most stringent orders to arrest this evil, and the most energetic measures should be promptly adopted to apply a remedy in every case of complaint.

III. The commanding general orders that all the officers of the brigade to which the party so offending belongs shall be held pecuniarily responsible, and in case of the destruction or theft of private property, of whatever kind, such as fences, horses, vegetables, &amp;c., DIVISION inspectors will ascertain the value of the same, and have the amount stopped against all the officers of the brigade, pro rata, in settlement of the damage caused. Should the offender be made known the liability of the brigade officers will then cease and he will be made pecuniarily responsible as above indicated, as well as amenable to trial by courtmartial.

IV. When the army is in bivouac it is made the duty of DIVISION and brigade commanders to furnish guards to protect private property, and in case of loss to the citizen by the acts of soldiers the officers of the brigade camped nearest to the place where the act of theft or destruction of private property was committed, will be pecuniarily charged as above directed.

By command of General Hood:

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CORPS, Numbers 64. Near Palmetto, Ga., September 21, 1864.

The lieutenant-general commanding was gratified to see so little straggling and plundering on the march to this place. He hopes that the officers will continue to do their duty, and the solders to yield cheerful obedience.

By command of Lieutenant-General Lee:

J. W. RATCHFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PALMETTO, September 21, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER,

Commanding, &c., near Tuscumbia, via Iuka:

General Hood orders that you return as soon as possible with your 2,000 men to join the left of the army.

[J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,September 21, 1864.

Major-General WHEELER:

Your dispatch dated 20th instant, near Tuscumbia, received. The commanding general directs that you join the left of this army without delay.

J. B. EUSTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No news to day as yet.

ALLEN.

