
chased by the Confederate States, and, upon delivery, sill be paid for in cotton at a valuation of 50 cents per pound, with an allowance, also to the parties of 15 per cent. on invoices amount for cost of transportation, and permission will be granted from department headquarters to export the quantity of cotton thus received in payment of goods beyond the lines of the C. S. Army at such points as may be designated by officers commanding in the front. In all cases full reports of the inspections of goods brought in must be forwarded to department headquarters before orders will be issued from thence for the required amount of cotton.

Hereafter no articles of luxury or merchandise of any description not necessary and suitable for army use will be permitted to be imported from within the enemy's lines into this department. The violation of this clause will render the parties violating it liable to arrest, and all the goods found in their possession will be confiscated.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRENADA, MISS., September 22, 1864.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR,

Meridian:

Following just received from scout near Memphis:

Rumored yesterday enemy with pack-mules ready to start on a raid, they say to WEST Point to capture horses left by Forrest.

If this proves true, I ask that McCulloch be sent up.

JAS. R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

DUBLIN, September 23, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

I have received information from two sources (both believed to be reliable) in the last two days that a force of about 8,000 of the enemy will assemble on Beaver Creek, in Kentucky, a short distance beyond Pound Gap, for a raid on salt-works. There were 12,000 mounted men at Lexington, Ky., two weeks ago.

JNO ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

PALMETTO, GA., September 23, 1864.

General BRAGG:

I have requested Colonel Rains, at Augusta, to send a large supply of ammunition to Selma, my object being to have a good supply at Selma as well as Augusta during my operations. I shall endeavor to keep my back toward Alabama unless otherwise ordered. Cannot conjecture as to Sherman's plan of campaign, but think he will move on Columbus or Montgomery to open communication with Mobile. I would be pleased to have the views of the President and yourself with regard to the future operations of this army.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

