
PALMETTO, September 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General LAWTON,

Quartermaster-General, Richmond, Va.:

Your dispatch of yesterday received. I have assigned Major Ayer as chief quartermaster of the army, relieving Major McMicken. I am pleased to have him, and thank you very much for your prompt action in the matter. I did not intend to convey in my previous dispatch any objection to Major Ayer, but merely to desire that his assignment be a permanent one. Proceedings of the court of inquiry have been forwarded to General Bragg. You will confer a great favor on me if you can possibly give me an order for shoes on Major Dillard, at Columbus, Ga.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

PALMETTO, September 23, 1864.

Colonel GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, Richmond, Va.:

I have requested Colonel Rains, at Augusta, to forward immediately to Selma a large supply of ammunition, my object being to have a good supply at Selma as well as Augusta. The force employed at Selma manufacturing ammunition should be at once largely increased and in charges of an energetic officer. Please give me your assistance.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

OFFICE OF QUARTERMASTER,

Near Palmetto Station, Ga., September 23, 1864.

Major KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Tennessee:

MAJOR: Ii have the honor of applying through you to the general commanding in behalf of Lieutenant Colonel A. H. Cole, inspector- general field transportation, C. S. Army, for permission to take from this army to the Army of Northern Virginia one first-class six-mule team. I would respectfully state that it is the intention of Colonel Cole to exhibit to the quartermaster of the Army of Northern Virginia said team as a sample of the transportation of this army, and by such an exhibition to arouse their pride and induce them to put forth greater energies in behalf of their respective departments.

Hoping that the above application may meet with the approval of the general commanding.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

THOS. B. BEALL,

Major and Assistant Inspector Field Transportation.

PALMETTO, September 23, 1864.

ORDNANCE OFFICER,

Augusta, Ga.:

Ii respectfully request that a large supply of ammunition ready for the field be sent immediately to Selma, Ala., and that such supplies of the same as the chief of ordnance of this army may ask for be placed at Columbus or WEST Point. A large supply of powder and bullets

55 R R-VOL XXXIX, PT II

