
PALMETTO, September 23, 1864.

Brigadier General M. J. WRIGHT,

Commanding at Macon:

As soon as all supplies are removed from Griffin have the iron taken up as far as Barnesville. Use as large a force as possible, that it may be done quickly.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 117. Selma, September 23, 1864.

The following-named officers are announced on the staff of the staff of the lieutenant-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Major J. D. Sayers, assistant adjutant- general; Captain A. J. Watt, assistant adjutant-general; Captain William Stevens, assistant quartermaster.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ABINGDON, September 24, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

From different persons just from Kentucky, one arriving to-day, I learn that a movement is about being made into this department and against the salt-works. A considerable force is reported as at Paintsville several days ago, all mounted and provided with pack- mules. I am making all arrangements that I can. The railroad and telegraph were cut in two places lasts night by Union men and bushwhackers between this place and Bristol. They will be repaired to-day.

JNO ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, September 24, 1864.

General J. B. HOOD:

Your suggestion that Wheeler and Forrest operate on the railroad from Atlanta to Chattanooga is eminently proper. Confer with General Taylor. A position in front of Jacksonville, Ala., would be immediately on the enemy's line, and could be supplied by the Selma and Blue Mountain or Rome railroad.

B. BRAGG.

PALMETTO, September 24, 1864.

Major General M. L. SMITH,

Chief Engineer Army of Tennessee, Macon:

I desire that you will visit Columbus as well as Macon and Augusta, for the purpose of putting the engineers to work on the fortifications at that place. As soon as you have seen these things started would be glad if you would join me.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

