
Fourth. At Montgomery, line of rifle-pits for defense of WEST Point railroad depot; detached redoubts about one-THIRD of the distance around the city; no work going on. Laborers reported coming in.

Fifth. Inclosed work for 500 men. Two batteries of artillery finished at Upahaufee bridge.

Sixth. Line of redoubts being erected for defense of junction of railroad at Opelika. Force of about 250 or 300 hands. Will be finished probably in a fortnight.

Seventh. At Coosa bridge four block-houses, rifle-pits, and one strong redoubt finished.

Eighth. At Columbus, Miss., the town is entirely intrenched against raiders, similar to work around Selma, Ala. No work has been done for twelve months.

Ninth. At Meridian, Miss., engineer squad of sixteen men, under Major Wintter, repairing pontoon-boats.

Tenth. At Grenada, Miss., one lieutenant of engineers, with a small force, keeping works and pontoon bridge in repair.

Exact returns of engineer force will be furnished as soon as papers of the office arrive.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER J. MORRIS,

Captain, Actg. Chief Eng. Dept. Ala., Miss., and E. La.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 118. Selma, September 24, 1864.

I. The District of North Alabama is hereby divided into two districts, to be known by the names of District of North Alabama and District of Central Alabama.

II. The District of North Alabama will consist of the counties of Lauderdale, Limestone, Madison, Jackson, De Kalb, Marshall, Morgan, Lawrence, and Franklin.

III. The District of Central Alabama will comprise all that portion of the State of Alabama not included in the limits of the District of the Gulf or the District of North Alabama.

IV. Brigadier General P. D. Roddey is assigned to the command of the District of North Alabama.

V. Brigadier General D. W. Adams is assigned to the command of the District of Central Alabama.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MISS., AND E. LA., Numbers 119. Selma, September 24, 1864.

Major J. A. A. WEST is hereby announced as chief of artillery on the staff of the lieutenant-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

