
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ALA., MILL., AND E. LA., Numbers 120. Selma, September 24, 1864.

I. The system of provost-marshals is hereby abolished in this department. All officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates attached to or in any way employed in it, fit for duty and connected with organizations in the field, will at once rejoin their respective commands. Officers unfit for active duty will report in writing to these headquarters, giving their status as officers, copy of order placing them on duty, and certificate of a medical examining board as to the continuance of their disability. Non-commissioned officers and privates detailed on certificate of medical examining boards, with provost-marshals, will report to the commandants of the posts at which they may be stationed; or, if there be no commander of such posts, then to the nearest to them.

II. Post commanders are charged with the duty of arresting and returning to their commands all officers and soldiers improperly absent from them.

III. All persons employed as detectives or secret service men, unless by authority of the War Department, cease to be so employed on the first of next month and become liable to enrollment by the proper officers, unless re-engaged and employed by the lieutenant- general commanding department.

IV. Paragraph III of this order does not apply to those persons employed for temporary purposes by commanders on the frontier, nor is it intended to prevent them from so employing persons from time to time as they may find necessary.

By command of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ATHENS, ALA., September 24, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Selma, Ala.:

My forces captured this place this morning with 1,300 officers and men, 50 wagons and ambulances, 500 horses, 2 trains of cars loaded with quartermaster's and commissary stores, with a large quantity of small arms, and 2 pieces of artillery. My troops in fine spirits. My loss, 5 killed and 25 wounded.

N. B. FORREST,

Major-General.

(Telegraphed by Taylor to Secretary of War, September 26, 1864.)

SELMA, September 24, 1864.

General CHALMERS:

General Wirt Adams has been directed, if called upon by you, to furnish any assistance in his power.

By order of Lieutenant-General Taylor:

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

