HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Selma, Ala., September 24, 1864.

Brigadier General P. D. RODNEY,

Commanding District of North Alabama:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that in addition to your regular duties as district commander, such as protecting it from the enemy, seeing that all orders are properly executed, arresting deserters and stragglers, and recruiting your command, he wishes you to co-operate with and be subject to the orders of Major-General Forrest as long as by so doing you do not uncover the front of your district and thereby leave it unprotected. As soon as you have selected your headquarters you will establish a line of couriers from them to this point in connection with a line to be formed by Brigadier General D. W. Adams through his district. You will report direct to these headquarters, but in all cases where your information affects the interest of the District of Central Alabama you will, in order to save time, communicate it direct to General Adams.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Major-General Forrest.)
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Selma, September 24, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE B. HODGE:

(Through Brigadier General Wirt Adams.)

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant, and to say that the authority from the War Department for you to organize the reserve forces of East Louisiana has been forwarded to you, and that he hopes that Governor Clark will be able to render you efficient assistance from the militia of Mississippi.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. ELLIS, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ABINGDON, September 25, 1864.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My scouts report that Burbridge on Thursday night (22d) was at Salyersville, Ky., with between 8,000 and 10,000 mounted men and 3,200 pack-mules, just ready to move for Pound Gap. Forty flat- boats with provisions had come up to mouth of Beaver Creek. I have ordered all the detailed men and all others capable of bearing arms to be brought out. General Vaughn expected to be attacked this morning at Greeneville, Tenn. I have ordered him back. It is important that General J. S. Williams, now in the department, should be ordered at once to report to me. I hope that arms that I have telegraphed to Richmond for will be sent at once. Please urge it.

JNO ECHOLS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

