
the urgent importance of lending all the aid I could in the operations against Sherman's rear, I dispatched General Forrest toward the Tennessee, with instructions to communicate and co- operate with Wheeler, and I am advised by telegraph of his arrival on the 18th instant at Cherokee, near Tuscumbia. He reports considerable success in enlisting recruits. I have also instructed General Roddey, commanding District of North Alabama, to co- operate, as far as possible, with Forrest without uncovering his district front. My advices from Mobile satisfy me as to the present safety of that point and its security against any immediate land attack from the enemy. Though Governor Clark, of Mississippi, has disbanded the militia of his State, he promises me some 3,000 volunteers to be selected out of it for three months' service. From Governor Watts also (from an interview with whom at Montgomery I have just returned) I have the promise of similar aid as soon as the Alabama Legislature, which has specially convened, can take the action necessary in the premises. While at Montgomery I was impressed with the importance of completing the gap of railroad about thirty-nine miles in length between that point and Union Springs. The road is graded nearly its entire length, and if iron can by any possibility be furnished from some of the branch roads of Georgia with the labor I could procure it could be completed in time to obviate the difficulty and delay of hauling over the prairie country between the two points when the winter rains set in. I am pushing on as vigorously as possible the work on the gap of road between Demopolis and McDowell's Ferry, on the Tombigbee, but am somewhat fearful that the river will rise before the bridge is completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

R. TAYLOR,

Lieutenant-General.

PALMETTO, September 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-General TAYLOR, Selma, Ala.:

I directed the removal of Armistead's brigade because I thought that the presence of this army protected Opelika.

J. R. HOOD,

General.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ALA., MISS., AND EAST LA.,Selma, September 25, 1864.

Major General N. B. FORREST, Commanding:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter of 20th instant inclosing field return of your command and advising me of the demoralized condition of General Wheeler's forces. This I am pained to hear, but I rely greatly upon your skill and energy in accomplishing the object of your present movement, and to this end I desire and authorize you to be guided in your operations by your own good judgment, reporting directly to me and acting independently of any officer, regardless of rank, with whom you may come in contact. The nature of the service in which you are now and in future likely to be engaged renders it desirable that you should not be tied down to or burdened with the details of a district command, and I propose, therefore, making but one district of Mississippi. General Chalmers, while reporting to the commander of it, will report also to you and hold himself in readiness to

