
OPELIKA, ALA., September 28, 1864.

General John B. HOOD,

Headquarters Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have anxiously reflected upon the subject of our closing conversation, and the proposition confidentially mentioned. It seems to me best that I should confer with General Beauregard, and if quite acceptable to him, to place him in command of the department, embracing your army and that of General R. Taylor, so as to secure the fullest co-operation of the troops, without relieving either of you of the responsibilities and powers of your special commands, except so far as would be due to the superior rank and the above assignment of General Beauregard. He would necessarily, if present with either army, command in person. Before final action there will be time for you to communicate with me, and I shall be glad to have your views. In the mean time you will of course proceed as though no modification of existing organization was contemplated.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFN. DAVIS.

PALMETTO, GA., September 28, 1864.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

I commence to change my headquarters to-morrow; hope to complete it by Friday night or early Saturday morning. I am very hopeful of good results.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

PALMETTO, September 28, 1864.

Major General M. L. SMITH,

Chief Engineer Army of Tenn., Macon and Augusta:

It is impossible to spare any of the bridge train of the army at present for use at Macon.

J. B. HOOD,

General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF TENN. AND GA., Numbers 5. In the Field, September 28, 1864.

I. By direction of the President, Lieutenant General W. J. Hardee is relieved from duty with the Army of Tennessee, and will proceed at once to Charleston, S. C., and assume command of the Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. He is authorized to take with him such officers of the general staff at present serving at corps headquarters as may be agreed upon by himself and Major- General Cheatham.

II. Major General Howell Cobb, Provisional Army, is assigned to the command of a district within the Department of Tennessee and Georgia, to be known as the District of Georgia, embracing all that portion of the State of Georgia included within the limits of this department, excepting that portion lying in the immediate vicinity of the Army of Tennessee.

