
III. The commanding officers of all posts included in the District of Georgia, as well as all commanders of bodies of detached troops, will report in future to Major-General Cobb.

By command of General Hood:

A. P. MASON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS HARDEE'S CORPS,In the Field, September 28, 1864.

The undersigned having been ordered to another department is called upon to take leave of the officers and soldiers of this command. The ties that length of years and common fortunes have drawn closer and made stronger are not to be sundered without deep feelings, and he parts with the comrades of so many campaigns with a heartfelt regret. His will not be the pleasure to share with them the perils and glories of the coming campaign, but he feels assured that the veterans of this corps will be to his successor the brave, true soldiers that they have always been to him, and that their arms, which have never known disaster, will win for them the success in the future that they have never failed to do in the past. Though no longer identified with them, no one will watch their fortunes with a deeper interest nor hail their success with a prouder pleasure than himself. He bids them an affectionate farewell.

W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

SEPTEMBER 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General JACKSON,

Commanding Cavalry:

General Hood directs me to inform you that a wagon train loaded with commissary supplies will be sent this evening from Newnan, Ga., to cross the river at Phillips' Ferry, and thence to Lick Skillet, where the stores will be unloaded and the train return. He desires that you will send a regiment of cavalry to escort this train and protect the stores after they are unloaded. The escort could meet the train at whatever point you think best.

[A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 27. September 28, 1864.

In obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Jackson, commanding cavalry, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the DIVISION, composed of Ross' and Gholson's brigades. Until further orders all reports will be made to these headquarters.

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

56 R R - VOL XXXIX, PT II

