
WOODVILLE, MISS., September 28, 1864.

Major W. H. DAMERON,

Commissary of Subsistence, Meridian, Miss.:

Gun-boat now anchored where commissary stores were expected to cross.

W. W. MERIWETHER,

Captain and Assistant Commissary of Subsistence.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 230. Richmond, Va., September 28, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VII. Brigadier General E. A. Perry, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to Major General J. M. Withers, commanding reserves of Alabama, for assignment to duty with that force.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE GULF,

Mobile, Ala., September 28, 1864.

Captain W. F. BULLOCK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Selma, Ala.:

CAPTAIN: I received the dispatch of Governor Milton yesterday, and have ordered all the cavalry east of Mobile Bay that can be spared to move under Colonel Henry Maury to meet the raiding party reported near Marianna, Fla. The greater portion of his force will have to march 150 miles over a country destitute of supplies, and over very heavy roads. It does not seem, therefore, very probable that he will intercept the enemy before he can reach his transports on Choctawhatchee Bay. But if no force be sent there at all, the whole of that region of country might be subjected to the uninterrupted depredations of the enemy. Although Colonel Maury's force will not be numerically equal to that of what the enemy is reported to be (probably not exceeding 500 men), it will be sufficient with what Governor Milton will be able to add to it to prevent the enemy from prosecuting his raid. Colonel McCulloch has gone with two of his regiments toward Pascagoula. Another of his regiments was ordered yesterday to the eastern side of the bay to replace Colonel Maury's troops. The lost report of the whole number of vessels in Mobile Bay indicates that most of the heavy vessels which passed the forts have gone away.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., September 29, 1864.

General E. K. SMITH, Shreveport, La.:

What are you doing to execute the instructions sent you to forward troops to the east side of the Mississippi? Is success will be more certain you can substitute Wharton's cavalry command for Walker's infantry DIVISION, by which you may effect a crossing above that part of the river patrolled by the larger class of gun-boats.

JEFFN. DAVIS.

