
SEPTEMBER 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General GOVAN, Commanding, &amp;c.:

General Hood desires that your brigade remain in its present position until to-morrow evening, when you will move to Moore's Bridge, on the Chattahoochee River, taking position there, with your sharpshooters on this side and your battery in position on this side of the river, or make such disposition as you think best for holding the bridge. General Hood's headquarters will be at Pumpkin Town, on the other side of the river.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PALMETTO, September 29, 1864 - 8 a. m.

Lieutenant-General STEWART, Commanding Corps:

General Hood directs me to say that unless there should be some movement of the enemy in your front to prevent he desires you will commence moving your command to cross the river as soon as you receive this instead of waiting till 12 o'clock to-day, as was previously ordered by General Hood verbally. I shall write to inform General Lee that this note has been written you, and to direct him (if nothing prevents) to mass up toward the river this evening, and should your troops be out of the way to get as many of his over as possible.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PALMETTO, September 29, 1864 - 8 a. m.

Lieutenant-General LEE, Commanding Corps:

I have just written General Stewart that unless some movement of the enemy in his front should prevent that he would commence to move his command to cross the river as soon as he received my note instead of waiting until 12 m. to-day. General Hood desires that unless some movement of the enemy in your front should prevent you should mass your troops close to the river this evening, and that if General Stewart's command should be out of your way that you cross as much of your command as possible, say one or two DIVISIONS. General Hood thinks it would be well to send your wagon trains this morning out of your way to cross where General Cheatham's command does.

A. P. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PALMETTO, September 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General TYLER, WEST Point:

I will send you a battery as soon as I ca.

[J. B. HOOD,

General.]

MACON, September 29, 1864.

General CHALMERS:

The militia have been disbanded. I have no troops save the few that are reporting to General Adams and yourself.

CHARLES CLARK,

Governor.

