
See that the quartermaster furnishes the transportation immediately, and that the regiment and battery leave immediately; there must be no delay. (It is for temporary service.) The troops must be prepared for the field. Answer receipt of this, and report when they will leave.

By command of Major-General Heintzelman:

C. H. POTTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NATCHEZ, June 8, 1864.

(Received 12th.)

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Memphis:

I go down to New Orleans this evening for the purpose of hastening the organization of the troops to be drawn from the Department of the Gulf. The information indicates that Kirby Smith is concentrating his force for the purpose of operating against General Steele. The line of the Arkansas must be held, and you will keep troops in hand for that purpose. Transportation suitable for White River must also be held in reserve. Some of the boats with General A. J. Smith are too large and others want repairs. The first class should be exchanged for boats not more than 200 feet long, and the last should be discharged as fast as they can be replaced by others.

I shall be absent four or five days. Please keep me advised of any news that may reach you from Arkansas or your own front.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Fryer's House, Five Miles from Ripley, Fulton Road, June 8, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING, Jr.,

Commanding First Brigade:

COLONEL: Winslow's brigade is encamped near this point. By direction of General Sturgis, you will send two companies of your command to the forks of the Ellistown and Fulton roads, two miles in advance of your present position. Let me know as soon as you get news from Karge. Remain where you are until further orders, or until Karge comes up. As soon as he comes up gather your command and move this way. If you need any assistance you know where to send for it. They infantry are encamped at this point.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Bowling's House, June 8, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE E. WARING, Jr.,

Commanding First Brigade, Cavalry DIVISION:

COLONEL: You will order 500 men and two howitzers, under a good officer, to report immediately to Brigadier-General Sturgis, in Ripley.

By order of Brigadier General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

