
left with the understanding that they were not to have the co- operating force I asked for, and so understanding will not reach Bolivar Sunday night as I stated. On the contrary, they may be delayed two or three days hunting out a force of 2,000 or 3,000 of Forrest's men who are near Oakland, Mason's Station, and Covington, between the Hatchie and Wolf Rivers. Those streams are much swollen, and what men are in there I hope to capture. Forrest with most of his force is north of the Hatchie, and it is very much swollen by heavy rains, so it will be impossible for him to cross below Bolivar, and probably not below Crump's Mill. It is very important that the space between Crump's Mill or Bolivar on the Hatchie should be held and Forrest's retreat south cut off until Sturgis can whip out the force south of Hatchie and come up. I hear from officers who have come down from Cairo that on the 28th an expedition left there for the Tennessee River in light marching order, and it was understood to be ordered to operate against Forrest.

I suppose these are the troops I asked for. If this be so I fear that they will move out toward the Hatchie, and failing to hear from Sturgis will return. This they should not do. They must wait for Sturgis, and prevent Forrest from escaping. He has ordered all his troops to join him on the 4th May at Jackson. If there is danger of them returning before communicating with Sturgis (you will perhaps know the officer's orders who went in command), you will immediately send a dispatch-boat, with a copy of this letter, to the officer in command.

If my information is correct in regard to the present disposition of Forrest's forces, I think we shall punish him badly if I can have this co-operating force from the Tennessee. If this force has gone up the Tennessee for the purpose I now suppose, why was I not informed?

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 43. Cairo, Ill., May 2, 1864.

The lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States has this day relieved me from the command of the SIXTEENTH Army Corps. In separating from a body of officers and men whom I have so long commanded it would be improper and inconsistent with my feelings if I did not give some testimonial of the services rendered and the duties performed by this corps. One year ago the SIXTEENTH Army Corps bore upon its rolls 79,000 men. From this ample force heavy details were sent to Vicksburg and others to Arkansas, and their services under other commanders and in other organizations have become historic. With the remainder the line of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, the lines of the Tennessee, Ohio, and MISSISSIPPI Rivers, from Paducah to Helena, were long and successfully held. The Left Wing of this corps, under command of Brigadier-General Dodge, co-operated with Major-General Sherman in his advance in October to relieve Chattanooga and Knoxville, and now hold the right flank of the active Army of the Tennessee. Two DIVISIONS of this corps participated in the march to Meridian, and, under the able direction of Brigadier General A. J. Smith, rolled back the tide of disastrous battle on the Red River. It is with proper pride that I claim Smith and Mower and their commands as parts of this corps, nor do I forget to give credit to the detachment from the Seventeenth Army Corps, which marched and fought as

