
LEXINGTON, KY., June 9, 1864--1. 15 p. m.

Brigadier General HUGH EWING,

Munfordville, Ky.:

Governor Morton says he will send one regiment to Louisville to- morrow. General Fry reports from Camp Nelson rebels at Richmond at 2 o'clock this morning; he thinks they will turn south, via Crab Orchard, London, and Barboursville.

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOUISVILLE, KY., June 9, 1864.

Governor O. P. MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

Your dispatch to General Burbridge received. Hobson telegraphs me that Burbridge was at Pond Gap the 5th, and that Morgan is in the State with 2,500 mounted men. What is supposed to be his advance, numbering 400 men, have captured Mount Sterling and Paris, Ky. Last night they encamped at Pine Grove, eleven miles from Lexington. This city and the Nashville railroad are about defenseless. Troops are much needed. There is now a full battery here or on the road. General Ewing is here; Burbridge is supposed in Morgan's rear. I am organizing the convalescents, and have detained the Ninth Pennsylvania Cavalry (dismounted). We have above 8,000 sick and wounded soldiers from General Sherman's army in our hospitals.

THOS. B. FAIRLEIGH,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-sixth Kentucky, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., June 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General HOBSON,

Covington, Ky.:

Four hundred rebels encamped at Pine Grove, eleven miles from Lexington last night. Rumor increases Morgan's force to 6,000, and says he has captured Lexington. This is not reliable; I doubt it. General Ewing is here.

THOS. B. FAIRLEIGH,

Lieutenant Colonel Twenty-sixth Kentucky Veteran Volunteers, Commanding

CINCINNATI, OHIO, June 9, 1864--11. 30 a. m.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Major Thomas T. ECKERT,

Washington, D. C.:

Rebels are near Falmouth, on railroad, and at Williamstown, thirty miles from Covington. Large rebel force east of Lexington, and another approaching from Richmond. Force also reported between Crab Orchard and Stanford. Rebels have possession of Paris, Georgetown, Cynthiana, and Williamstown. Military don't make much head-way in checking them yet. Our forces scattered.

F. STEVENS,

Cipher Operator.

