HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Acworth, June 10, 1864.

General BURBRIDGE,

Louisville, Ky.:

Your force in Kentucky should not assume a defensive attitude as to John Morgan, but should follow him and cut at him from every direction with infantry and cavalry. Morgan will have to scatter for food, and infantry can pick up his detachments. He should never be permitted to leave Kentucky, and I will be disappointed if he succeed to escape.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JUNE 10, 1864. --For Burbridge to Halleck, reporting operations, see Part I, p. 19.]

LEXINGTON, June 10, 1864--5. 10 p. m.

Major J. A. CAMPBELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the Ohio, Acworth, Ga.:

Morgan attacked Lexington at 2 o'clock this a. m. Our small force skirmished with him, fell back to the fort, and held it. Rebels did little damage here. General Burbridge moved up to Gladesville, in Virginia. Morgan escaped him there by coming into Kentucky. General Burbridge pursued, and by marching ninety miles in a day and night, overtook him at Mount Sterling yesterday morning, and after a severe fight, defeated him. Rebels have gone west, via Versailles. General Burbridge pursues to-night with a fresh force, and expects to capture this command. Colonel Garrard's command joins in the pursuit.

Respectfully,

J. BATES DICKSON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF KY., 5TH DIV., 23rd A. C., Numbers 139 Lexington, Ky., June 10, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. The Twelfth Ohio Cavalry, Thirtieth, Thirty-Seventh, and Fortieth Kentucky Mounted Infantry will compose a brigade under command of Colonel Hanson. The regiments will be remounted at once and supplied with 100 rounds of ammunition, three days' rations for men and two days' for horses, and report for duty to Colonel Hanson to-night. The whole command will be on Main street at precisely 3 o'clock to-morrow morning.

* * * * * *

IV. The Thirtieth Kentucky Volunteers is transferred from Colonel Hanson's brigade, and the commanding officer will report at once to Colonel Brown, Forty-fifth Kentucky Volunteers, for orders.

By command of Brigadier-General Burbridge:

J. BATES DICKSON,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

