HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., February 28, 1865.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Department of Mississippi, Memphis, Tenn.:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 23rd instant, relating to the error in his cipher dispatch of the 28th ultimo. The mistake was caused by the blunder of our cipher clerk, who on the very same day committed the grave error of making the order for the cavalry forces from General Thomas' command to stop at Vicksburg read, "the forces from General Thomas' command," &amp;c., thereby causing a delay of over a week in the movement of General A. J. Smith's infantry. He has, of course, been discharged. Your promptness in forwarding these four regiments is very much appreciated. In anticipation of their arrival, an equal number had already been drawn from the previously overtaxed Department of the Gulf for field service, and which these regiments will temporarily replace.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST AND DEFENSES OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., February 28, 1865.

Colonel CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

General Washburn just left for Memphis, pursuant to an order from the War Department. The Big Black River is one mile wide; Pearl ditto. I think if it does not rain any more I can put General Knipe across Black and perhaps the Pearl by the 5th. General Knipe is an energetic man. I was near him on the Atlanta campaign. He will "go. " No horses have arrived. I suppose General Knipe reports to you fully. I inclose you some papers.

Your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

LITTLE ROCK, February 28, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Yours of 21st of February received, ordering a general salute in honor of the restoration of the flag of the Union upon Fort Sumter. * Our hearts swell with thanksgiving. May the right prevail. Oh! soon we will be one people, not again to be disjoined. Blessed be His holy name who rules. May He set the hearts of the people right, and inspire them with the law of kindness. Health and long life to the President, Cabinet, and Congress, and thanks to the Army and Navy.

ISAAC MURPHY,

Governor of Arkansas.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 24, Adjutant-General's Office, Vol. XLVII, Part II, p. 512.

---------------

