
themselves is squads over the parish, it is said, been ordered to make a general conscription. The inhabitants are very much alarmed and appeal to me for protection. I have sent out detachments again to-day. I learn to day from parties on whom I can rely, and who saw them, that on the night of the 8th twenty paroled poisoners from Hood's army crossed the Mississippi at Tunica Bend on their road to Texas. Persons who have just come down the Red River report that the rebels have raised the guns from the sunken gun-boats.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL ULLMANN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. C. STONE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Morgan H. Chrysler, Second New York Veteran Cavalry. HDQRS. SECOND VETERAN CAVALRY NEW YORK VOLS. Morganza, La., February 10, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with instructions from headquarters U. S. Forces to scout the parish, I beg respectfully to report that on the night of the 7th instant I sent one battalion down the lower river road to the cut-off and through to New Roads an up the False River to Madam Palenge's, but did not succeed in overtaking the party, who had conscripted thirty men from False River Island, mostly Arcadians, and taken them over to Grossetete Bayou. My information led me to think that the conscripting party came from Bayou Sara, and in consequence I sent a battalion to Bayou George, the party sent out on the night of the 7th having returned to camp at daylight on the morning of the 9th. Subsequently I learned that the party conscripting came from across the Atchafalaya, when I at once sent one battalion out the Fordiche to Grossetete, under command of Captain Sandorf. He found all their forces concentrated at the head of Maringouin, probably ordered there to protect the conscripting party which was headed by Captain Barrow, who is raising a company for the Fifth Louisiana Cavalry. A sharp little fight occurred here, and the enemy were driven to the cane. On the evening of the same day the Third Battalion, under Major Van Voast, was sent to support Captain Sandorf, and the whole country was scouted and the enemy driven to the swamps. From prisoners I learn that there were within two miles Captain Ratliff's company, thirty of James's company, Captain Williams', Lieutenant Stiwell's, and Captain Barrow's party, in all about 180 men. The whole command returned to camp this evening, having marched about seventy-five miles. They attempted to ambush us at every point where the came concealed them on the opposite side of the Bayou. I have lost in this affair 5 men captured, 1 wounded; 2 horses killed and 3 wounded. We have captured 2 Confederate prisoners of War, 1 mortally wounded, 2 slightly. As you will see by this report, we are second best. The reason of losing the five men by Captain Sandorf was in consequence of the breaking of a brigade after the five men had crossed on a charge. Two of their horses were shot and the column could not follow. On

