
Bloomington, with a sufficient amount of camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c., and will report with the balance of his command at this post for duty.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General J. B. Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., February 28, 1865.

W. K. LATHAM, Esq., and others, Greenfield, Mo.:

GENTLEMEN: Your communication of the 22nd instant came duly to hand, and its contents are noted. All that is therein stated in regard to the sufferings, privations, and wrongs of the people of that county had before been communicated to me, and I have no doubt of its truth. The Government and all of its competent and reflecting officials have for a long time been aware of your position, and have for more than a year furnished you abundant force to assure the fullest protection and security if properly used and handled. The number of troops now stationed in your county is 146 men. This force is at the towns of Greenfield and Melville, and is more force than is stationed in any other county of the district that does not lie upon our main lines of communication, and is fully adequate, when properly used, to hold and protect the entire county against any force of the enemy not exceeding 500 men, and this is a far larger number than has been brought in the county since I have commanded the district. With the forts constructed at the towns occupied in accordance with existing orders, thirty men would be abundant to hold them against an attack of 200 of the enemy. This leaves you eighty men, or deducting the usual number of daily duty men and sick, fully sixty men who may be constantly employed to patrol the remote parts of the county, and every officer who understands his duty will keep them thus employed. The trouble in your section has been that our troops have been kept where the enemy was not instead of where the enemy was, when he has been in there in any force. The officers will all be paid up in a few days, and after this, unless they discharge their duties with more promptness and energy, changes will at once be made. The county cannot expect a larger force stationed there than at present, although I expect a company to be stationed west in Barton County during the summer, and if I am compelled to withdraw one company from your county as the present troops muster out of service, I will endeavor to have a company of military organized to take its place.

Assuring you that every endeavor will be made to have the troops in your section handled with more vigor and effect, I remain, with sentiments of high regard, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,In the Field, Fort Larned, Kans., February 28, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding Department of the Missouri my arrival at this post; was delayed by heavy storms of snow and rain, bad roads, and high waters, or should have been here some days ago. I inclose you

