
herewith report of H. D. Janes, chief of scouts of this district, who has thoroughly scouted or caused to be scouted the country north, northwest, and northeast of this post. They report no recent Indian signs whatever north of the Arkansas. Sergeant Nettleton with fifteen men made a scout of the Arkansas. Saw plenty of fresh Indian signs, and ascertained without a doubt that all the depredations that have been committed on this route since I have been in command were perpetrated by Indians south of this. They are the same tribes that Colonel Leavenworth held his interview with, and who are now suing for peace. I telegraphed you Colonel Leavenworth's report, but as yet have received no answer. My opinion is that these Indians should be chastised before making peace with them or giving them any presents whatever. Sergeant Nettleton describes the country through which he followed the trails as very rough and broken. It would be impossible to take a train of wagons through. Pack-mules would be much better. It is now spring; their ponies are poor. With a pack train they could be followed, caught, and severely punished, as they richly deserve. From the best information I can get there are no Indians at the present time in the district between the Arkansas and the Platte, except roving bands of warriors. They have no doubt moved their families north, in the neighborhood of the Black Hills. At Fort Zarah I find that the field-works and fortifications as planned by the engineers are altogether too large and extensive. I have not the troops to either build or properly defend them after they are finished. I ordered Captain Greene, Second Colorado Cavalry, commanding post, to immediately have built a block-house, or earth-works, where a few men could hold the post against any number of Indians. He is now building an octagonal fortification of stone, where fifty men can defend the post against 3,000 Indians. Captain Moses, Second Colorado Cavalry, commanding this post (Fort Larned), is building a similar one for this post, draughts of which will be forwarded by next mail. It is impossible for our quartermaster to hire laborers here, and nearly all our quartermaster work is done by soldiers, which very materially reduces our force for effective duty in the field. We now have on duty and extra duty in the quartermaster's department a very large force. Our men are on duty every day, either guard, fatigue, or escorting coach or Government trains, &amp;c. I now have the troops of my command stationed as follows: One company Twelfth Kansas Infantry at Fort Riley, Kans., Major Pritchard, Second Colorado Cavalry, commanding; one company Seventh Iowa Cavalry at Salina, Kans., Captain Hammer commanding; two companies at Fort Ellsworth, one Second Colorado Cavalry, and one Seventh Iowa Cavalry, Captain Clark, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, Captain Greene commanding; Fort Larned, four companies Second Colorado Cavalry, two companies Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Captain Moses commanding; one company Second Colorado Cavalry on escort, provost, scouting, and other duty. I have little faith in the promises of the Indians south of the Arkansas, and am looking for a raid on this end of my district during the light of the present moon. Mr. Janes and Sergeant Nettleton are both deserving of much credit for the able and efficient scouting and elaborate reports made to me at the end of each scout. Colonel Leavenworth ha probably reported to you be letter his interview with the Kiowas, Comanches, and Apaches. He seems to have every confidence in them and believes they will do as they promised.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

