
[Inclosure.]

FORT LARNED, KANS., February 28, 1865.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: I have nothing of importance to report as having transpired since last report, 20th instant, Sergeant Nettleton having reported his scout direct upon his arrival at Fort Zarah. The horses of the Independent Scouts, as well as the men themselves, are in great need of rest, having encountered during their last scout the late severe storms. As soon as the condition of the stock will permit, it is my intention to make a thorough scout south of the Arkansas as far as the Cimarron south of the mouth of the Mulberry; thence, if possible, east to the mouth of the Little Arkansas. From what I can gather from old Indian traders, &amp;c., here, the country south of the Nescatunga or Little Arkansas, in the vicinity of Salt Plains, is headquarters of the Kiowas, as well as northern outpost for the Comanches, and it is evident from the report of Nettleton of his scout south of the river that the bands that have been committing depredations on this road belong to one or the other of those tribes, and that they came from and went in that direction. The sergeant thinks it useless to cross the river without a stronger force than his scout, he finding it prudent to return from the mouth of Mulberry. The captain commanding has given me the promise of twenty-five more men, but to move with so many will require at least four more pack animals. If, therefore, you approve of my plan please send four pack mules, saddles, and sacks, and one mule to replace one the scouts now have, which is unserviceable. I should like to make a more extended scout if the men can be spared. The forty men from here with fifteen days' rations to strike the Cimarron and up that stream, returning via Fort Lyon, leaving the country to the east to be scouted by a party from Zarah, south and east to meet a party from Riley or Chelsea west. A scout west from Chelsea would, after crossing the river, fall in with the Caddoes, from whom much useful information could be obtained. Am informed by the post quartermaster that he has two or three extra mules and pack-saddles. The mules, however, are in poor condition and not fit for either scout contemplated, and in making either of the above trips would wish to be well fixed.

Please advise of which, if either, of the above meets your approval. If not, be kind enough to issue more explicit instructions. The dangers and difficulties of crossing the river renders it imperative that a force cross strong enough to withstand the roving bands that infest the southern banks of the Arkansas.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. JANES,

Scout, &c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,February 28, 1865-12. 30 p. m.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,

Fort Leavenworth:

As soon as the Second U. S. [Volunteers] is armed and equipped sent it to Fort Riley to report to Colonel Ford.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

