
unnecessary assault upon a neutral dominion. We know that our rebel foes have made great efforts to embroil us with Canada and Great Britain, and, as General Sully and his subordinates suggest, there may be rebel influences behind the Indians inducing their hostilities. Still, in view of the purpose to embroil us in difficulties with a powerful nation through the medium of savages, it is wise in us to avoid all accommodations to their designs. We must, therefore, try to circumvent their schemes by strategy with our own borders, and it is not best to encourage the idea of movements beyond our own border. Besides, as, where I have campaigned during the last season, everywhere seem imbued with the same propensity to do mischief, and alike suspicious as to the motives which impel them were and are entertained there. But on own personal observations convinced me that it is mainly an inherent disregard to personal rights of everybody and a love of adventure and spoils more than anything else which induces a portion all the Indians of the plains to engage in occasional hostilities. If they happen to be near neutral of friendly dominion they will always, when pursued, seek refuge, as white foes do, in such domain. Whatever, therefore, may be the motive it seems to actuate various tribes over a large scope of country and induces the same results -assaults of our settlements, trains, emigrants, and mail coaches - and is also accompanied with the usual carnage and cruelties of savage warfare. Your immediate association with the cruelties of northern tribes has, no doubt, made you more familiar with details, and your people are, therefore, as you say, objects of your earnest solicitude. But our forces must be located, if possible, so as to successfully operate within our own lines. I have directed that Indians shall not be allowed to come within our camps and forts, and my purpose was to prevent their knowledge of our strength or weakness. I see General Pope has directed an encouragement of hostile Indians coming in and being friendly, and on this alone he proposes friendship and protection. I do not see that this requires our negligence of the great advantage of secrecy and concealment which I desire by keeping doubtful Indians totally ignorant of our forces at special localities.

This may be almost impossible when you have so many friendly Indians associated with doubtful, but I think it can and should be. If, then, we have concealed doubtful and sufficient forces located near the British lines, we ought to be able to take some of the knaves in flank if they attempt to come across the line, and by exposing the culprits, as well as surprising others, we may create abundant caution against further mischief of that kind. Of course this is only theory, available according to our strength and surrounding circumstances. I write first impressions, inspired by reading your letter, and shall keep my mind open and free to all suggestions which you may make and such personal observations as I may hereafter have occasion to apply to the subject. In the meantime I will forward your views for favorable consideration of the War Department and do all in my power to sustain you in any and all proper efforts to protect the frontier settlements against what I consider very probable continued trouble with the wandering Indian tribes of the plains. It is the more important that we should have early news of contemes, as General Pope has entertained and expressed other views, which he has laid before the authorities in Washington. My own opinion is that continued hostilities may be expected, not be great combinations of warriors as some apprehend, but by bands of various tribes acting separately, as occasion may offer

