
seeing this, twenty-five men of the enemy cut them off and they could not be recovered. Our wounded man was brought to camp. He is seriously, thought not dangerously, wounded. The wounded rebel was brought part of the way. He has evidently dying and was left on the road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. CHRYSLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant O. A. Rice,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 8, 1865. - Skirmish near Sturgeon, Mo. *

Report of Lieutenant Luther T. Hayman, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

STURGEON, MO., [February] 8, 1865 - 10 p. m.

I came upon Jackson and party just before dark. Did not success in killing any. Think 2 are severely wounded, but made their escape in the darkness. Captured 5 horses, several guns, pistols, &amp;c. Have 2 of my men wounded. Will take their trail at daylight in the morning. They are going in the direction of the Perche.

L. T. HAYMAN,

Lieutenant, &c.

Lieutenant CLARKE.

FEBRUARY 8-9, 1865. - Expedition on the Arkansas River, near Little Rock, Ark.

Report of Colonel James M. Williams, Seventy-ninth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, Seventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, February 9, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant-General Gustafson, who went down the river on steamer Davenport last night, has returned and reports that he proceeded down the river ten miles, and landing on the north bank, went in pursuit of the guerrilla party reported to be in that vicinity. He was unable to overtake the rebel force, which has retired down the river at 9 a. m. without molesting our outposts and doing no damage, except to rob a few families and carrying off some negroes, men, women, and children; number not known. He also reports that Colonel Whipple will be in soon, and that the rebel force was eighty strong.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. M. WILLIAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Major G. W. BURCHARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. First Div., Seventh Army Corps.

---------------

* Erroneous, see p. 128.

---------------

