
some months since, leaving here on the 16th ultimo, should have arrived at New Orleans at or shortly after the date of your letter (22nd). I inclose a copy of my General Orders, Numbers 47, of 28th ultimo, issued yesterday, directing commanding officers of gun-boats to communicate with commandants of posts and assist weak points, when necessary. I will give further instructions to district commanders, agreeably to your request of the 22nd ultimo, received to-day. It has given me much pleasure to do all that I could to aid the operation against Mobile, and I earnestly hope, and doubt not, that entire success will attend you. I will endeavor - though weakened by the withdrawal of six efficient light-draft iron-clads and four tin-clads for Mobile, and of other vessels hitherto very useful, for repairs - to keep a good patrol of the Mississippi, and support, if necessary, your positions on that river.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours,

S. P. LEE,

Acting Rear-Admiral, Commanding Mississippi Squadron.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., March 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 1st day of March, 1865: A communication from Major George Webster, Pass Manchac, La., February 28, 1865, states he has learned that on the 16th of February two brigades (Sharp's and Walthall's) of Hood's army were at Meridian. One division of about 4,000 had gone to Mobile, with a regiment of light artillery numbering nine batteries of four guns each. At Lake Station, between Jackson and Meridian, was one brigade of Forrest's command. From 200 to 300 of Louisiana cavalry were collected at Summit. Large flat-boats with six oars on a side have been taken to Rodney, on the Mississippi River, with a detail of Louisiana heavy artillery to row them. A communication from Lieutenant L. E. Granger, Morganza, La., dated February 25, states the Second Louisiana Cavalry (rebel) crossed the Atchafalaya on that day at Morgan's Ferry. William B. Carter states that at Alexandria and on the route to Natchitoches are 8,000 rebel infantry. Thinks they are embraced in Thomas' division. One regiment of infantry and one of cavalry (Second Louisiana) are east of Alexandria Near Shreveport is Forney's division, about 5,000 strong. Walker's division, of same strength, has been ordered north (probably Minden), tot he point vacated by Forney. General Harry Hays has charge of a movement to cross certain troops to the east side of the Mississippi. Attempted the same movement a short time since, but it was defeated by the desertion of the troops. Enough have now volunteered to justify another attempt. Point of crossing somewhere between mouth of Red River and Vidalia. Commanding officers of gun-boats have been notified of this project. The Teche and Red River roads are closely picketed and guarded. No advance of Federal forces into Western Louisiana is now generally anticipated. All Texas and most of the Louisiana cavalry have gone to Texas to recruit their horses.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. EATON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi.

