
to close the office of U. S. consul at Matamoras. On the following day I demanded and received my passport. Throughout the period of my stay at Matamoras almost every description of property was imported there from all parts of the world. Of these imports fully nine-tenths were sent into the Confederacy. Agents of the Confederate Government were present in Matamoras and bought whatever they wished of the articles thus imported, transshipping them into Texas. Of munitions of war I know particularly of the importation of revolvers and percussion caps. I would further state that large quantities of cotton and wool were constantly being brought in from Texas into Matamoras that I am abundantly satisfied that the State of Texas is filled to overflowing with negroes held as slaves, who have been sent thither from the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, Georgia, South Carolina, and even Virginia, in order to place them beyond the reach of the national arms.

With high respect, I remain, general, your obedient servant,

E. D. ETCHISON,

U. S. Consul accredited for the Port of Matamoras.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The system inaugurated by Mr. Mellen by his late orders does not work well in this department. The tax in kind imposed is, I think, too heavy - one-eighth to one-tenth in cotton culture and one-thirtieth in sugar. No assistance is rendered by the Treasury officials. The scheme of wages is such that, while apparently giving high wages to the hands, it will involve them in debt and reduce them to a state of peonage. If, as I am unofficially informed, the Secretary of the Treasury has declined this charge, I am satisfied that a far more practicable and beneficial system can be inaugurated and carried forward by military authority within this State. I cannot avoid stating in the plainest terms that there has been a degree of trifling and inefficiency on the part of the Treasury Department that is likely to work most serious consequences. Pursuant to orders received from General Canby in September last, I notified Mr. Flanders to take charge of freedmen. This charge he accepted in writing on November 1, but his arrangements have been repudiated by his superiors, and we are in twilight ever since. For all suffering and evil that may come to pass I desire it distinctly understood that the military authorities are not answerable.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 20. New Orleans, March 1, 1865.

The plantation regulations established by Mr. W. P. Mellen, general agent Treasury Department, and announced in orders, will at once be complied with by all planters in the State of Louisiana. There are several provisions in these regulations which, in the opinion of many

