
paign. As one evidence of this will state that a Colt army revolver, captured in the skirmish on Sunday near Madison, was before that day unused, and the man upon whom it was captured admits he obtained it but a few days before from Memphis. I respectfully request that Private Hutson A. Keith, of Company I, who captured it in a hand-to-hand fight, and for his general good conduct, having in the last six months in the same way captured two other prisoners and killed in honorable fight a lieutenant in the rebel service, as a mark of commendation, may be permitted to retain the same as private property. As the result of our expedition, in addition to destroying the property above enumerated, we captured 1 surgeon of the Tenth Arkansas Regiment Mounted Infantry, 1 deserter from our army, and 18 enlisted men; also 18 mules and horses, which have been turned over to the post quartermaster.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. CREBS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Scout.

[Brigadier General N. B. BUFORD,

Commanding District of Eastern Arkansas.]

FEBRUARY 9-19, 1865. - Scout from Pine Bluff to Devall's Bluff, Ark., with skirmish.

Report of Captain John H. Norris, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY M, THIRTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Pine Bluff, Ark., February 20, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders I proceeded, on the 9th instant, with seventy-five men of our regiments (Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry), to Devall's Bluff with the unserviceable horses at this post. Arrived there Sunday, 12th instant, at 4 p. m. By the permission and advice of Captain Howe, acting assistant adjutant-general at Devall's Bluff, I remained there Monday and Tuesday to rest my horses and get some of them shod that greatly needed it. Started back Wednesday morning and, being ordered to bring in beef-cattle, and knowing I could get none on the road I went out on, I concluded to cross Bayou Meto lower down, in order to find cattle, which caused my return to be delayed two days longer. I arrived yesterday evening with sixty head of beef-cattle, which I turned into the Government corral on the other side of the river. My advance guard ran into a squad of Captain Ralston's guerrillas as I went along, and killed their lieutenant, Samuel Robertson, and wounded several more. Upon my return I countered Lightfoot's, Husband's, and Tibbitt's men under Vaugine, and had several skirmishes with them, killing two and wounding some (number not known). I procured a guide at Devall's Bluff, named George J. Connell, who was recommended to be a strong Union man and who knew the country perfectly well. He rendered me very valuable services indeed. I was informed by citizens that the steam-boat Superior landed at Doctor Price's, a few miles above the mouth of Bayou Meto, on Wednesday a. m., and commenced trading groceries and merchandise generally for cotton. I saw large amounts of salt, shoes, &amp;c., and powder, lead, shot, and caps which seemed to have just been purchased and which the citizens said they

