
planters, are hard and inequitable. In these particulars the regulations will be subject to amendment and change, and planters and others interest should understand that the Government of the United States have no other object than to consult, as far as practicable, the development of the industrial resources of the country, and the security and advancement of the freedmen of the States. All who heartily co-operate with the authorities in so doing may be assured of the most patient examination into their alleged grievances, and full consideration of their claims to modification of rules that experience may prove to be oppressive to industry. While this assurance is readily given to good citizens who thus co-operate, the converse of the proposition is equally true and applies with special force; and those who willfully place obstacles in the way of officers in the discharge of their duties by refusing to cultivate their own lands, or permit it to be done by other, will find that such lands will be given tot hose who will labor upon them, with no other privilege to the owner than a light rent to be paid out of the future produce.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 73. New Orleans, March 1, 1865.

1. So much of paragraph 3 of Special Orders, Numbers 61, current series, from these headquarters, as directed the Eightieth U. S. Colored Infantry to relieve the Sixth Minnesota Volunteers is hereby revoked. The commanding officer of the Eightieth U. S. Colored Infantry will report for orders at these headquarters on his arrival in the city.

2. The Forty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, Colonel J. E. Bryant commanding, having reported at these headquarters pursuant to paragraph 9 of Special Orders, Numbers 55, current series, from department headquarters, will at once relieve the Sixth Minnesota Volunteers will at once comply with paragraph 3 of Special Orders, Numbers 61, current series, from these headquarters.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Sherman:

P. J. MALONEY,First Lieutenant, First New Orleans Vols., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,

Baton Rouge, La., March 1, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans:

GENERAL: The expedition moved this morning as per orders, General Bailey going in command. The entire force is 1,350, consisting of 1,200 cavalry, 150 artillerymen, with 4 rifled pieces, and 2 small howitzers. On account of the terrible condition of the roads they will not reach Redwood Creek until to-morrow night, and will remain there two days building a bridge. It will also require two days more to build the bridge over the Comite. This will delay the column about the length

