
of time necessary, as suggested in your telegram of to day. At Port Hudson I have about 200 colored cavalry in condition for service and they will communicate daily with General Bailey, via Plains Store, until he crosses the Comite. To-morrow they will push out ten or twelve miles on the Jackson road and keep Bailey posted. I have sent out forage for the command, and will keep them supplied from here by a train until ready to make the movement from the Comite. They started from here with eight days' rations. The lines are closed tight. Have heard nothing from Clinton for several days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 1, 1865.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Baton Rouge:

The expedition from Vicksburg is countermanded on account of rains. Let yours, however, proceed and occupy their attention, not, however, involving your column beyond the Amite. Build a bridge as proposed but keep your force well in hand and withdraw in about four or five days.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, La., March 1, 1865.

Brigadier General EDMUND J. DAVIS,

Morganza, La.:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General McKean has been assigned to command at Morganza, and is on his way up. General Herron desires you to remain a day or so and give him the benefit of your knowledge of the country and people, after which you will report to Major-General Herron for orders in person.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

WM. HYDE CLARK,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Port Hudson, March 1, 1865.

Major N. C. MITCHELL,

Commanding Fourth U. S. Colored Cavalry:

SIR: In accordance with instructions received from Major-General Herron, you will immediately proceed with your command and open communication with Brigadier-General Bailey at Redwood via Plains Store. The communication between here and General Bailey will be kept up daily until he has succeeded in building the bridge across the Comite and moved on from that point. A part of your command will move out past Newport in the direction of Jackson as far as it will be perfectly safe. The object of this is to prevent any operations from

