
that quarter against General Bailey. Any orders received by you or any of your command from General Bailey will be obeyed and carried out as though received from here.

By command of Brigadier-General Hamlin:

HORACE M. WING,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., March 1, 1865.

Major General JOSEPH J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: There are rumors here, which appear to obtain credence among the well-informed classes of rebel sympathizers that Price's ary is on the move northward, and that he is to be joined by Forrest (who is now east of the Mississippi) somewhere in Arkansas, when the entire force will move into Missouri. My information is obtained through detectives.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

J. H. BAKER,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.

[Indorsement.]

Official copy respectfully furnished headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi for information.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., March 1, 1865. (Received 6th.)

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Department of Mississippi, Memphis, Tenn.:

In consequence of the late severe rain-storms, which show no signs of abatement the intended expedition from Vicksburg must be given up, and I have ordered Knipe's cavalry down to this place. The other co-operative movements mentioned in my dispatch of the 22nd of February will, however, take place, and I send you this information in order that your instructions for the movement from Memphis may be modified accordingly, and the troops committed no further than is necessary and practicable under the circumstances.

E. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., March 1, 1865.

Brigadier General J. F. KNIPE,

Commanding Cavalry Force:

(Care Headquarters District of Vicksburg.)

The recent severe rains will make it impracticable for you to carry out the instructions contained in my dispatch of the 22nd of February and you will please to embark your command as soon as transportation

