
There are also the Forty-fifth Missouri Infantry and the Fiftieth Missouri Infantry, 800 in all, six-months' troops, whose term is expiring, but have been sent here for reorganization. I think we can count on 500 men from these two regiments. I desire also to state that the term of service all troops in the District of Southwest Missouri expires this month, except the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry mentioned above as expiring in June.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General,

PATTERSON, March -, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

SIR: Having been a citizen in Southeast Missouri before the war and soldier since the commencement of the rebellion, and having a good knowledge of the country and people of Southeast Missouri and Northeast Arkansas, I will state a few things in reference to the condition of this country. Our extreme outposts are Patterson and Bloomfield. This leaves our advance posts about fifty miles from the Arkansas line. The country is diversified by hills, valleys, swamps, marshes, generally heavy timber, underbrush, &amp;c., interspersed with numerous creeks, rivers, and rivulets, offering all the advantages that could be desired by a guerrilla force, where they can operate, and in many places elude capture or almost defy pursuit. The distance from our outposts to Little Rock is about 200 miles. The country between here and there is infested by guerrillas, bushwhackers, &c. With the advantages they have it is impossible for us to destroy them while we are at such a distance from them, and we cannot prevent them from making raids on murdering and robbing loyal men, and doing all other acts that these demons desire. Our outposts are generally weak and entirely insufficient for the vast work to be performed. From the present indications there will not be a loyal man south of Patterson in two months, unless something is speedily done for their relief, and no person can make anything to live upon, as he will be unable to keep any stock. All that portion of the country lying between Saint Francois River, and Big Black, White, and Mississippi Rivers, is level and swampy, but among those swamps are fine tracts of rich lands. In that country guerrillas live, concentrate, and have their families. They raise their crops, but are so far from us that an ordinary scout cannot well reach them. We are too far from our work. We, in my judgment, will never be able to clear this country until we put a permanent post at Batesville or Pocahontlace would be preferable), say two regiments, one infantry and one cavalry, and in four months two regiments can be organized in Arkansas that will protect themselves. The forces and operations we have here now will never clear this country or give peace to it, and furthermore we will be bound to clear the country of those who aid and conceal guerrillas; also of the families of all guerrillas, for, as strange as it may appear, while every loyal man is leaving the country, the families of guerrillas are allowed to remain amongst us and to give all the information that may be desired. I would say more, but I must leave after bushwhackers.

Yours, very respectfully,

WM. T. LEEPER,

