HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,In the Field, Fort Larned, Kans., March 1, 1865.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I arrived here at 1 p. m. yesterday, having been delayed by bad roads and a very severe snow-storm, which detained us two days at Fort Ellsworth. You will order Private Graham, acting hospital steward by first coach to Fort Zarah to report to Actg. Asst. Surg. J. Sabin, of that post, for duty. I shall probably start back Monday.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD.

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, March 1, 1865-2. 15 p. m.

Colonel BLAIR,

Fort Scott:

Great complaints are made about cattle stealers. Southern border of Kansas is said to be greatly alarmed. It must be broken up. Carry out my orders vigorously and let us stop it. Answer.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

FORT SCOTT, March 1, 1865. - 3. 30 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

Am carrying out your order to the very letter. Have made two new stations out west. Have had for over two weeks 100 men under a perfectly reliable officer traversing the whole southern border, arresting everybody who attempts to go south, and who will seize every head of cattle coming up and promptly report them to Fort Leavenworth. I don't think any of this traffic can pass through my command.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, March 1, 1865.

Colonel BLAIR:

I am, directed by the major-general commanding to take and hold all parties engaged in cattle stealing, with their stock, and most or all of the stock coming from the south is of this class. I think all should be seized and held until investigation is held here, according to Special Orders, Numbers 44,. of these headquarters. Please inform Lieutenant Beam of this order when he returns.

H. H. HEATH,

Major, &amp;c.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 2, 1865-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

General Canby was instructed to make General A. J. Smith's command an army corps, but no instructions, so far as I know, were given

