
purchased off the steam-boats Superior. I first encountered Vaugine about seven miles this side of Bayou Meto. He was going on down with three of our men (prisoners) whom he had captured from our pickets. I chased them about six miles and until I saw they would not fight me. They hung around us, shooting occasionally at my advance, then the rear, then the flanks, for at least twenty-five miles; and, being mounted on good horses, they could always escape when pursued. Encumbered as I was with cattle, I could not capture any of them. I found several guns of different patterns, all except two of which I destroyed, because of the great inconvenience of carrying them into camp; also all the ammunition I found I destroyed. I captured some horses and mules, which I turn over to the quartermaster.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. NORRIS,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 10, 1865. - Skirmish at Kittredge's Sugar House, near Napoleonville, La.

Report of Major George R. Davis, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Post Napoleonville, La., February 11, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my pickets was fired into by a party of twelve men at 2 a. m. February 10, 1865. They immediately gave notice of the same. They fell back slowly to near the road leading from Canal to near Kittredge's Sugar House, where twelve or fourteenth men fired into them from behind a fence, capturing the outer vidette and shot his horse. I immediately re-enforced the picket and started a lieutenant and ten men after them to attack them if he came up with their force and to track them if possible. I then mounted about fifty men and started at 4 a. m. out on the road leading to Brule Saint Vincent to head them off. I found they had not passed that way, neither had the picket that was posted near the road in rear of Kittredge's Sugar House heard of them. I then took the road leading in rear of the plantations, passed down in rear of Beasley's pike to Push's; found they had been there and had gone down the Canal road. I passed down to their Canal road, and my advance was fired into just below the saw-mill. I hurried on, and dispatched some dismounted men into the swamps after those who had fired on the advance. I then moved down to the lake, where I found a man attempting to cross. I opened fire on him, and after firing about twenty shots at him he turned about and came in. At this time another boat with three men and a woman left the point on the left-hand side. They were too far to be brought to. I went down on the shore of the lake to the left and sent another force upon the right of the road (dismounted). I found nothing. It was through a swamp all the way. After knocking all the boats to pieces I withdrew my forces from the lake, leaving a few dismounted men to watch. I then made a thorough search through all the swamps and hiding places in the vicinity; went down to the lake on the right-hand side of the road (indicated on the map by a dotted line). I then came back;

