
paper, from which I first learn of the honor you have conferred upon myself by appointing me major-general of Missouri Militia. I am very grateful for this expression of your confidence, and trust that neither yourself nor the people of Missouri will ever have cause to regret the appointment. I will endeavor, by the help of God, to do my duty both as citizen and soldier. I am not yet fully advised as to progress in recruiting the volunteer militia companies, but I judge it is going on slowly. The people are much unsettled relative to the impending draft. Many counties are making extraordinary efforts to secures volunteers for the U. S. service, thereby avoiding the draft. Large bounties are offered, and I am fearful we shall not speedily fill up the militia volunteer organizations but will push with all my might. We need the troops. Bushwhackers are even now creating much disturbance. The enrollment in this division will be pushed with vigor, and the regimental organizations, I trust, will follow speedily.

Ever cheerful in my obedience to the orders of my commander-in-chief, I am very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Major-General.

ROLLA, March 2, 1865-2. 55 p. m.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I respectfully report that a scout of fifty men of the Fifth Missouri State Militia from Salem, with about the same number of the Sixteenth Volunteer Cavalry, from Licking, has just returned from the Arkansas border; reports having killed 15 guerrillas, captured 12 horses, 3 mules, and a number of small-arms. Freeman is reported to be near Batesville with 100 men. It is rumored that there will be a concentration of the guerrillas about the 15th of March.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, March 2, 1865.

Colonel S. E. BROWNE,

First Colorado Mounted Militia:

COLONEL: In sending out the companies of your regiment I have so far assigned them to stations, but I desire you to give this matter your personal supervision and attention. There will be six companies stationed from Julesburg to the Junction, not including the former, which would make the stations on an average about sixteen miles apart. With a view to facilitate operations of stage company, &amp;c., Junction and Valley Stations will be permanently regarded as military stations, throwing two companies east of Valley and two west of Valley, making the six. Hereafter I will order the companies as I send them out to report to you at Junction for assignment to station. The object of stationing these companies along the line in the manner above is for the protection of all travelers going to or from Colorado. Such escorts as may from time to time be needed by the stage company will be furnished by your station commanders, and care will be taken to have no conflict of authority between the civil and military. The property of

