
all civilians must be carefully respected, as well as the interests of the Government watched, nor must authority be usurped by station or other commanders. Your mission is to protect the whites and kill the redskins. Send in tri-monthly reports of your eastern commands, as also monthly, and notify these headquarters promptly of any movements made by Indians, and anything of importance. Telegraphing will not be resorted to unless in urgent cases.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 62. New Orleans, La., March 3, 1865.

* * * *

2. Captain S. E. Rundle, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Volunteers is hereby relieved from duty at Vicksburg, Miss., and will report to Major General C. C. Washburn, at Memphis, Tenn.

* * * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby;

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 29. New Orleans, La., March 3, 1865.

I. Engineers, pilots, machinists, telegraphers, and other experts now in the military service, and necessary to that service, if drafted, may, after assignment to regiments be furloughed on condition that they shall receive pay only from the department in which they are employed, and if discharged from that employment before the expiration of their military service they shall join their regiments to serve out the unexpired period. Their privilege is, however, not extended in the case of ordinary mechanics whose places can readily be supplied.

II. Under instructions from the Secretary of War, the military fee or tax (see paragraph 3 of General Orders, Numbers 16.) upon products of insurrectionary districts, purchased under the authority of the eighth section of the act of Congress approved July 2, 1864, is remitted, to take effect from the 1st instant.

By order of Major General E. R. S Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 30. New Orleans, La., March 3, 1865.

I. Under the authority of paragraph 5 of the executive order of September 24, 1864,* and the instructions of the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States, all trade in and about the armies, columns, or detachments within the enemy's line, or in the

---------------

*See Vol. XLI, Part IV, p. 787.

---------------

