
theater of active military operations, except such as may be necessary to supply the wants of the troops is prohibited and no commercial or other intercourse, except such as is purely military in its character, will be allowed under any pretense.

II. The introduction of products of insurrectionary districts from points in rear of the operating armies and the passage of supplies to the loyal and well disposed inhabitants may be permitted by commanders of districts under such restrictions as may be necessary to prevent this trade from being used to support the troops of the enemy. This trade will be conducted in conformity with the regulations of the Treasury Department.

III. The benefits of trade are contingent not only upon the disposition of the inhabitants to submit themselves to the authority of the United States, but upon their ability to maintain order in their own communities, and these benefits will be given or withheld as this disposition may be manifested. If in any district or community bordering upon the lines of military occupation, where there is no organized force of the enemy, the inhabitants, by association or organization, will submit themselves to the authority of the United States, suppress footing with regard to the sale of their products and the purchase of family supplies as are the inhabitants of districts within the lines of occupation under General Orders, Numbers 13, of February 1, 1865. But if they countenance, encourage or harbor guerrillas, or other evil-doers, all communication will be interdicted, and the troops sent to repress such disorders will be maintained at the expense of the inhabitants.

IV. For the information of deserters from the rebel armies and other persons who are deterred from entering our lines by the apprehension that they will be forced into the service of the United States it is announced:

1. Neither deserters nor resigned or discharged officers or soldiers will be conscripted into the army or impressed into the military service.

2. If their services are needed they will receive remunerative employment in some of the departments of the army, or, if not needed in the army, will be aided in securing other employment.

3. If their homes are at safe points within our lines they will be permitted to return to them. If within the enemy's lines, where they would be exposed to the danger of apprehension, and do not desire employment, they will be furnished with transportation to Cairo or some other point within the loyal States.

4. Their horses and arms, if serviceable and adapted to our uses, will be purchased at a fair price by our quartermaster and ordnance departments.

5. Deserters and other refugees arriving at any military post will be sent to the headquarters of the district, where, after examination the oath of allegiance will be administered and the proper disposition made of them. They will be employed preferably at military posts where there is no danger of their falling into the hands of the enemy, and not in the field, unless they desire it. Local provost-marshals will not be authorized to administer the oath of allegiance, but will send the parties forward for the action of the district commanders.

By order of Major General E. R. S Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

