
regimental commanders would occasion great delay; and if the arms can be furnished as above requested the command would much sooner be rendered effective. You may rest assured that in the distribution of the arms, if under my control, none but the best regiments will receive them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, La., March 3, 1865.

Brigadier General J. BAILEY,

Commanding Cavalry Forces, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding is in receipt of your letter of yesterday, and directs me to state in reply that he is in receipt of a dispatch from New Orleans that the expedition from Vicksburg has been delayed five days, owing to bad roads, &c. He has concluded, however, to push your column on slowly, and thus enable you to cross a portion of the country to be marched over during what he hopes will be the worst of the weather and roads with comparative ease and little fatigue to men and animals. He directs that you bridge securely the crossing at Redwood and push on slowly and carefully to the Comite River, bridging that stream so as to make a secure crossing, and there remain without crossing more of your force than may be necessary for protection and observation until your wagons and supplies come up and await further orders. The delay in the movement of the forces from above will enable you to get over what is hoped will be the worst part of the roads with little injury to the stock, and give sufficient rest for the same to recuperate, thus leaving them in condition to push on vigorously when you finally advance. You will, however, communicate daily with the forces from Port Hudson on your left flank, and will scout sufficiently the roads to your right to be perfectly assured no movement is being made on the part of the enemy in that direction or in the rear. The delay of the movement from above may cause a force to be sent against you from the enemy there, and you must collect carefully any information of movements of the enemy in that direction reporting to Port Hudson or this point, as may be more accessible, anything you may receive of importance, and so governing your movements that while the direct instructions given you by the major-general commanding of the objects of your movements may be carried out, the delay on part of the troops above may not operate disastrously to yourself.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

WM. HYDE CLARK,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, La., March 3, 1865.

Colonel JOHN G. FONDA,

Commanding District of Baton Rouge:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding is in receipt of a letter from headquarters Department of the Gulf, as follows:

The reparation of the levees is a necessity and must be done quickly. You will seize every unemployed able-bodied man of color within your limits and turn them over to the contractors, to be paid, however, for their labor.

