
He directs that you will seize all the unemployed able-bodied negroes within your district and turn them over to Mr. Weed or his agents for work on the levees, in accordance with the above instructions.

I have the honor to be, colonel,

WM. HYDE CLARK,

Chief of Staff.

(Same to Brigadier General T. J. McKean, commanding District of Morganza.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MORGANZA. Numbers 10. Morganza, La., March 3, 1865.

In compliance with orders from the major-general commanding Northern Division of Louisiana, the undersigned hereby assumes command of this district relieving Brigadier General E. J. Davis of his temporary command. In addition to the officers already attached to the district staff the following are announced: First Lieutenant G. G. Bennett, Nineteenth Iowa Volunteers, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant M. Randall McDonnell, Eighty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, aide-de-camp.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., March 3, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: Requests made by the commanding officers of the regiments composing the Detached Brigade of the Seventh Army Corps for return of officers and men on detached service within this department, referred by you for the necessary action, have been received. I have to reply, in making disposition of troops in the department the assignments to military posts for defense almost exhausted the available force in the command. Apparent necessity for some movable troops induced an economizing of material and the Detached Brigade, as organized in General Orders, Numbers 14, current series, February 1 ultimo, was just formed at the time your request for troops (dated 21st of January) was received. A desire to aid the major-general commanding division prompted the immediate forwarding of this brigade, which composed most of the best regiments in the department. The material of which these regiments are composed exposes them to heavy drafts for clerks and other service. The Kansas, Arkansas, and colored troops of the department cannot, except in very few cases, furnish such details. The absence of these regiments from the department was regarded as temporary, hence the detention of the men asked for. Some of these men can be spared. They will be forwarded at once. It is observed that a number are employed as nurses in the general hospital. These are really on duty with the sick of their own regiment. There has been constant effort since assuming command of the department to reduce the number of men detached and restore them to their proper regiments and districts. The remarks of the assistant inspector-general of the

