
sent down to the lake and found no further appearance of the enemy; returned as far as the Texas road (leading to the left); dismounted my men; took one-half and went to Little Texas about dark, and returned to the horses one the Canal road and then returned to camp, pursuing about 9 p. m. I found no indications of the party that I was pursuing after they left Pugh's. I do not believe they had crossed the lake. I scouted through all the swamps, mounted and dismounted, and have done my utmost to find them without effect. I re-enforced the picket in rear of Kittredge's Sugar House as soon as I returned, to prevent them getting away. They are lying in the swamps somewhere around this place. I have heard nothing of the two companies sent by you from Thibodeaux, and if they come mounted to Little Texas and then through the Canal road they will be obliged to move very slow. It is almost impossible to pass mounted on this road. It is deep mud all the way, besides four bayous or ponds, which on an average are three feet deep. I have sent down the Canal road this morning to see if anything further of the enemy in known. Those people that live below the church toward the lake are in my opinion a set of scoundrels. I believe they new where they were. I could get no information whatever from them. I send you this morning the prisoner I captured; with him 1 Colt's revolver, 1 double-barrel shotgun loaded with buck and ball, a small quantity of cartridges, 1 hand howitzer about eighteen inches long.

I have the honor to remain, Captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. R. DAVIS,

Major, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

La Fourche District.

FEBRUARY 10, 1865. - Scout from Friar's Point, Miss., and skirmish.

Report of Captain James E. Willis, Eighty-seventh Illinois Infantry, commanding scout.
HDQRS. COMPANY C, 87TH ILLINOIS MOUNTED INFANTRY,Helena, Ark., February 11, 1865.

SIR: I would respectfully submit the following report of the scout of yesterday, 10th instant, of which I was in command:

Left Friar's Point at daylight. Captured rebel at Mr. George's, five miles from point; learned that two rebels had spent the night at Comack's; took eight men and went to capture them, while the command remained on the road. I sent two men in rear of the house while I approached in front. Just as I opened the gate, only a few yards from the house, they ran out and opened a sharp fire upon us. I dashed through the gate and gained the rear of the house, then called for my men to rush with me into the house, when I found there were but two able men with me, one of them dismounted, the other's horse badly wounded. Thinking I was outnumbered, I dismounted, and ordered my dismounted man to ride my horse and bring the command instantly. I ordered a negro, who displayed great bravery, to fire the house. Just then Comack ran out and said they had escaped. I then saw them crossing the field at full speed. As soon as I could get the men I pur-

