
enforce law and preserve peace in the State if only they use their power cordially and earnestly. Is not better to use your civil officers to execute your laws than have them executed by provost-marshals? The military forces under my command can and will render you the same service in either case. It is only suggested to you that for the present you replace the provost-marshals by your civil officers, and let the military force required be applied under their direction and in conformity to law, and not under direction of a provost-marshal and in conformity with his discretion. May it not be apprehended, too, that your militia, a large and controlling body of your own citizens, are being educated into habits of disrespect for your civil authorities and irreverence for civil law by being encouraged or permitted to usurp jurisdiction of civil questions through provost-marshals or military commanders. The lesson of irreverence is soon learned, but of all lessons it is the most difficult to unlearn. What reason have the people of Missouri to believe that their militia, once taught such a lesson, will unlearn it whenever it is found convenient to resume civil jurisdiction? Is it not better and far more likely to secure respect for your civil authorities to require the troops to act under your civil officers in accordance with the laws of the country? Certainly the change from provost-marshals to civil officers in regulating the action of the military in civil matters can be easily made and without the slightest danger of impairing the efficiency of the military arm for that purpose.

Some have said that Missouri is not entirely regenerated, and that although a loyal governor and legislature have been elected yet there remain still in office many men who are neither loyal nor trustworthy. The answer to this is found in resolutions now before your State convention. That convention embodies the sovereign power of Missouri, and can to-day vacate all or any of the civil offices in the State and provide for filling them by the governor of the State. Until you have not only loyal men, but energetic and determined men who will do their duty with vigor and boldness, holding every office in the State, it seems useless for your legislature to enact laws. In fact, it is child's play to meet in Jefferson City to make laws which are either not executed at all or must be executed to the extent and in the manner which suits the judgment or the fancy of provost-marshals or military commanders. Until the people of Missouri are ready and willing to put forth their whole power to enforce the laws they themselves have made it is a farce to legislate. I do not wish to be understood as advocating any abrupt or sudden change in the present condition of things. I only offer some reasons why Missouri should take the first steps toward a resumption of her civil functions. Surely all portions of the State are not equally unsettled. In some counties it is probable that civil law is enforced and that neither martial law nor soldiers are necessary. In other counties, not so fortunately situated, why will it not be well to take steps at once to at least begin the resumption of civil administration, aided, if necessary, by the military? A little time only will be required, if civil law is promptly administered, even with the aid of soldiers to make the people feel strong enough to execute the laws themselves. Of course I am supposing that the civil officers act vigorously and efficiently; that they originate what is to be done, and that the soldiers act only under their call and on their authority. Slowly and gradually, county by county, the State could resume its own administration and dispense with the military.

It is by such gradual and careful process that it seems to me certain results can be obtained. Once let us make a beginning and keep

