
steadily and constantly in view in everything that is done, that the final object is the restoration of civil administration and it will not be found a long nor a difficult task to accomplish the result. But this end must never be lost sight of, and all arbitrary or exceptional acts much be carefully avoided or done only under the strongest and plainest necessity. Martial law seems essential now to the protection of life and property and to the preservation of the State from utter lawlessness, because it seems to be the only law which is generally enforced. Until the people provide officers to execute their laws, who will be supported in doing so not only by the soldiers but by the great body of the citizens, martial law is your only protection against violence and outrage. It rests with the people to replace it by civil law, and that this can be gradually but surely done there is not a doubt. It seems idle to dwell upon the absolute necessity of returning to your civil status in the Union. Not only are your lives, liberties, and possessions at stake in this matter, but every moral and material interest of the State is involved. Neither peace nor security at home nor emigration from abroad can reasonably be expected under the state of things which now obtains in Missouri. It is hardly to be considered probable that people living in other States, where they have always possessed their civil rights and enjoyed the protection of civil law, will find any temptation sufficient to induce them to emigrate to Missouri and submit themselves to the risk of the present uncertain and exceptional protection of life and property which is offered.

I trust that no one will believe that the military desire to continue this state of things. I say for them, as their commander, that nothing would be more satisfactory to them than to relinquish all connection with your civil affairs and to be transferred to some field where they would confront the organized forces of the enemy, and where their presence with our armies determine the fate of battles. The only duty which should now be required of the General Government is to protect your State from an invasion of the organized forces of the enemy. The proper position for U. S. troops assigned to such duty is some point on the Arkansas River. How can troops be sent there, when all the forces which can be spared for the defense of Missouri are, on demand of your people kept scattered over the State, on the plea that they are needed for protection against a few outlaws and robbers? If I accept the views expressed to me by many of your citizens more troops are required for this service than would be sufficient to beat the largest army that ever yet undertook the invasion of the State. It is said that the disloyal men in the State harbor and assist the bushwhackers. Such service is extremely hazardous, and if these statements be true, a boldness and a spirit are exhibited by your disloyal citizens of which, if a tithe were exhibited by the loyal men, not a "bu be found in Missouri at the end of sixty days. Guerrillas and bushwhackers were never yet and never will be put down by the operation of a military force alone.

How is it in Missouri? A company of troops is stationed in a village or neighborhood to protect the people against these outlaws. Two or three bushwhackers come into the town, or perhaps live in it, and commit robbery and murder in some house. Before the troops are notified and get to the ground the criminals have either fled or mingled with the crowd, and although every citizen in the place knows precisely who were the offenders, where they live, or who harbors them, not a word of information on the subject can be had from them, lest the next night some of the party or some of their friends burn the house or take the life of

