
which I shall adopt must of necessity depend upon the action of the people of Missouri. If they will only resume their civil rights and privileges administer civil government, and set to work to execute their own laws, I stand ready to put an end to military jurisdiction at a moment's notice. I will give all the aid of the military to assist in reducing us to this subordinate position, but until then I am compelled to retain and administer martial law in the State. Unless you do it, and that promptly, civil liberty and free institutions in this country will have received a discouraging blow. If Missouri, without an armed enemy within here borders, with a loyal State executive and civil officers, with an enormous majority of loyal citizens, and with all the aid the General Government is now giving her, cannot resume her civil functions and execute her laws-in other words, conduct her local administration-what can be hoped for the States farther south, which do not possess the same advantages? The example of Missouri, then, is of the last importance in re-establishing the Union. If she fails even to attempt to administer her State government, with a large force of U. S. troops to aid her, it would seem almost hopeless to make the experiment elsewhere. Missouri successful, and the problem of re-establishing civil government in the States farther south is far advanced toward solution. Only earnestness and resolution are required. Can these qualities be wanting in your people? Your State convention has emancipated the negroes-a great work, well and bravely done. Cannot the people of Missouri now emancipate themselves? Can they not free themselves from the necessity of martial law? Can they not resume the performance of their duty as citizens and execute as well as make their own laws?

With great respect, governor, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, March 3, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILLER,

Cape Girardeau:

It is reported from Hickman, Ky., that Quantrill, in command of a band of guerrillas is contemplating a raid into this State. It is supposed that he will attempt to cross below New Madrid, if at all. It is not known how much credit is to be given to this rumor, but it is well to be on the alert. You will communicate with the officers at Charleston and at New Madrid and adopt such measures as you deem prudent to learn the truth of this rumor.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS.

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., March 3, 1865.

Captain LEWIS SELLS

Charleston, Mo.:

There is a rumor that Quantrill is going to make a raid into this State from Kentucky. The report came from Hickman, Ky. Send a citizen there to find out the truth, if possible.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Hiller.

J. C. THOMSON.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

