
CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., March 3, 1865.

Captain KELLING,

New Madrid, Mo.:

There is a report at Hickman, Ky., that Quantrill is preparing to make a raid, and intends to cross into Missouri from Tennessee below New Madrid. Keep advised as well as possible and report any information you may get.

By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Hiller:

J. C. THOMSON.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PATTERSON, March 3, 1865.

Colonel BEVERIDGE,

Pilot Knob:

Mr. Lockwood, a Union scout who can be relied upon, who is just from below, reports that there is no rebel force below here but about twenty guerrillas he thinks. They report a large force there to keep scouting parties from molesting them. His information can be relied on as he has been fifteen days in the neighborhood of Cherokee Bay.

JAS. SMITH.

Captain Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, March 3, 1865.

JAMES SAUNDERS, Esq.,

Whitesville, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your valued favor of 25th ultimo, and thank you for the generous, patriotic, and Christian thoughts therein expressed. There are many negroes with their families seeking homes, fleeing from their old masters and from fear of assassination by guerrillas. The bushwhackers in some localities are murdering the freedmen. It is but an additional chapter in the great rebellion. Mr. J. W. Jamison, of Boone County, is very kindly interesting himself in behalf of the refugee freedmen, and I have this day advised him to go to your county and confer with yourself and others touching this question. Mr. Jamison goes up the railroad to-day and will bear this letter to you. He can act as agent between the colored people and parties who desire their services. I trust he may be instrumental in doing much good. I commend him to your confidence and esteem.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,In the Field, Fort Larned, Kans., March 3, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of February 23. It reached me by special messenger at 12 o'clock last night. I had already written you my views in regard to the policy of

