
making peace with these tribes before they are severely punished. The weather at present is terrible, windy and cold; the river almost impassable for man or beast. I shall, however start out a scout of about fifty men under Sergeant Nettleton in a few days with instructions to try and find where they are camped. One good thrashing will gain a peace that will last forever, while if we now make peace without punishing them severely they will be as proud, defiant, and troublesome as though they were the victors and we suing for peace. Nothing can be gained, in my opinion, in starting an expedition before the last of the month, as their ponies are growing poorer every day and will not be able to get fresh grass before the 1st of April. We will have to go with pack animals and unencumbered with camp and garrison equipage. The weather is delaying the building of our fortifications. When I have them completed fifty men can hold these posts against any number of Indians. I forwarded you to-day drafts of the stone-works. If the weather permits they will be done in ten days. I would respectfully suggest that no more presents be sent these Indians. They are now poor and getting poorer every day. Everything that is done to ameliorate their condition only prolongs the war. Every blanket given them is only aiding and encouraging the to commit further depredations. I have no pack animals in this district. In order to send out the next scout south will have to break up one or two of my six-mule trains. If I can find out the locality of their present camp, and can have a sufficient force relieved from post duty to be kept almost constantly on the plains for sixty days, I am almost certain that I can bring them to terms that will be advantageous to all this western country, and put a stop to these depredations upon our highways forever.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI.

Saint Louis, March 3, 1865.

Colonel BLAIR:

How far west do your scouting parties go? I am told that many of the detectives and others whose duty it is to stop this cattle stealing wink [at] it, and are privately engaged in it. Provost-marshals also are charged with receiving bribes to let these droves through. You are probably posted in these matters, and I want the names of any engaged in such work. We cannot expect citizens to have any respect for our orders if our officers, soldiers, and detectives disobey them.

G. M. DODGE,Major-General.

FORT SCOUT, KANS., March 3, 1865-2. 05 p. m.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Saint Louis:

My parties are now 100 miles west, which is as far as my sub-district extends although a good deal of this business goes farther west up the Arkansas. Lieutenant Beam has charge of this party and can be relied on. He has written orders from me, and disregards detectives and everything else inconsistent with them. I heard from him yesterday. He has already seized 550 head, and is producing quite a consternation

