
sued until all hope of capture was lost. On my return to Comack's I then for the first time discovered my loss, and that Stanley was one how had escaped. My loss was 1 privates killed, 2 privates severely wounded, and 1 sergeant flesh wound in arm, 4 horses shot - two so badly they could not travel. Learning the character of Stanley, that he had just rode up and ordered breakfast, I left the house standing, having me men to care for, prisoners and citizens to guard, and knowing that Stanley had escaped and would convey news to any who might be at Shufordsville; and having learned Stanley's stopping place, I deemed it proper to return with what information I had, with the hope that I would be sent back immediately to complete the work for which I was sent. Doctor Robinson was present and assisted in caring for the wounded. Doctor R. and Comack were brought in. We captured 3 prisoners - Roland, Comack, and Lawrel. Comack is private Forty-fourth Mississippi Infantry; Lawrel is private Twenty-third Mississippi Infantry; Roland claims to belong to Sixth Texas Cavalry, but was on duty with Stanley. Brought in 4 mules and wagon from Dickerson, 2 rebel horses, and Doctor R. 's horses; also feather bed and clothing for the use of the wounded. The property will be turned over to the proper officers. The wounded are doing well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. WILLIS,

Captain Company C, Eighty-seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry.

The ball cut of one of the wounded men fits the rifle we found empty in Comack's house. Comack claims the rifle, and said it had not been shot.

Respectfully,

J. E. WILLIS,

Captain.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILL.

FEBRUARY 10-11, 1865. - Expedition from Brashear City to Lake Verret, La.

Report of Captain John Lynes, Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry.

CAMP NINETY-THIRD U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,

Brashear City, La., February 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Friday, February 10, 1865, in accordance with orders from Colonel C. L. Harris, commanding post, I went on board the gun-boat 43 with fifty men of the Ninety-third Colored Infantry and forty-one men of the Eleventh Wisconsin Veteran Volunteer Infantry. Leaving the wharf about 3 p. m., we proceeded up Bayou Long and Bayou Magaselle to Lake Verret for the purpose of cutting off and capturing a party of rebels that were driven out from the direction of Texas Brule, and whom it was supposed would endeavor to make their escape by way of Lake Verret. On reaching the lake, which we did about 8 o'clock in the evening, we came to anchor just out of sight of the point where it was supposed the rebels would embark. Myself and the commandant of the gun-boat then ran up the lake far enough to ascertain that no boats were moving upon it, and also that there was no road along the shore by which they might approach to discover us. We lay at anchor until nearly daylight, then

