
among the cattle thieves. I want Lieutenant W. A. Johnson, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, badly. He is now at Fort Leavenworth as witness before a court-martial. If you will order him down to me (his company is here) I will send him and fifty more men to Lieutenant Beam, and the tow I am satisfied can stop the business in my command. All that passes through this sub-district goes near 100 miles from here, and they are making extensive arrangements of this spring's operations. I will break this business up if I have to move my whole command out west. I have your orders, and am satisfied that I can enforce them.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, March 3, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Two companies of Third U. S. Volunteers, armed and equipped, will be ready to march to-morrow; one officer to a company. Forty-seven stragglers of the Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry march to-morrow with 200 horses for Kearny. Company I still here. Twenty-five men and Captain Hyde detailed to provost-marshal for cattle duty in Coffee County by department headquarters.

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST COMMANDANT,Fort Rice, Dak. Ter., March 3, 1865.

Major DE WITT C. CRAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Iowa:

MAJOR: Since my last communication of the 15th ultimo nothing of interest has transpired at this post, except the mortally wounding of one of my men on the 20th ultimo at the Cannon Ball River, engaged in guarding Government cattle. He left camp alone unarmed, in direct violation of orders was set upon by three Santees, and wounded by four arrows. Two Bear is very energetic in his endeavors to bring all Indians disposed to make peace toward Fort Rice, and has sent out some of his people to all the camps, and from those that have already come back from the Heart River and Little Missouri [and] Gros Ventre I have received assurances of their desire to make peace and their intention to come to Fort Rice and hear what we have got to say. I would respectfully suggest that an opportunity of all Indians to make peace be offered until the first or middle of May, after that time treat those not accepting as enemies, and I think with the assistance of those Indians who are friendly a small body of troops could govern this portion of the country. I would very respectfully, request of the general commanding that I may be furnished with two companies of cavalry for the better protection of the post and to guard against these small war parties of Santees. The weather since the 22nd ultimo has been quite severe.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant

C. A. R. DIMON,

Colonel First U. S. Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

