
of the action to be had against them. It may be proper, captain, to state that I am not connected with the army in any manner but residing in what is termed the Grossetete country, and at times near Captain Ratliff's headquarters. The captain has asked me to be the medium through which thee arrangements should be made, and you can well understand the interest I in common with my fellow-citizens take in plans by which they hope to be relieved from the nightly incursions of these predatory bands of marauders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX'R BARROW.

C.

WEST BATON ROUGE, March 3, 1865.

Major-General HERRON,

Commanding District, &amp;c., Headquarters at Baton Rouge:

GENERAL: You will perceive from the inclosed letters my object in coming to this point. Not finding the officer at this station through whom I expected to open communication with you I am induced to address you directly, hoping to consummate the wishes of Captain Ratliff. You will please inform me if you are willing to waive the instructions are ample, I conceive, and fully justify men in proceeding.

Expecting an answer as early as convenient, I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BARROW.

D.

WEST BATON ROUGE, March 4, 1865.

Major-General HERRON,

Commanding Northern Division of Louisiana:

After a conference with Captain Morey, acting aide-de-camp, I beg to state that Captain Ratliff proposes to capture or drive away the bands of men commonly known as jayhawkers now infesting the country lying between the Rivers Mississippi and Atchafalaya, north of the Plaquemine. Those he captures will be sent up to Confederate district headquarters to be summarily dealt with as deserters and jayhawkers. Captain Ratliff proposes to capture or drive away these men with his own forces, the Federal authorities to agree to a truce for a limited time, say ten days, not to send any military force into the country above referred to below Morganza or north of the Bayou Plaquemine. Captain Ratliff will agree that the levee contractors at Morganza or at Chenier's plantation, and their hands or laborers, shall not be disturbed in any manner by the Confederate forces.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BARROW
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES,In the Field, Comite Bridge, La., March 4, 1865.

Major WILLIAM HYDE CLARK,

Chief of Staff, Northern Division of Louisiana:

MAJOR: I am just in receipt of your dispatch and also one from the major-general commanding of same date. I have just finished the bridge across the Comite River and am now clearing away the timber and

