
brush surrounding it to prevent any advantages that the enemy might attempt to take. The detachment I had sent to Jackson returned, as they learned upon getting within three miles of the town that the force there was too large for them. The force in Jackson and neighborhood is commanded by Colonel Powers, and supposed to be from 300 to 400 strong. The indications now are that the force that fled from Clinton on our arrival at this point is returning to that place again. I do not think there is any danger of their attacking me at this place, but they may concentrate resist our advance at Clinton instead of the covered bridge this side of Liberty. I have made no demonstration on the enemy's pickets on the opposite side of the Comite, who are in plain view, except the capturing of Captain La Tice and one private soldier, but probably will to-night. I have just started the wagon train to Baton Rouge, which probably should bring up at once three days' rations and the balance in forage, but I leave this to the direction of the major-general commanding. I shall keep up my communication with the cavalry from Port Hudson and carry out other instructions of the general. When I do move from this place I think I can probably maneuver to get in the rear of Power's command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La, March 4, 1865.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the Third Michigan and Tenth Illinois Regiments of Volunteer Cavalry be sent with the least possible delay to this city, with orders to report to Brevet Major-General Grierson, commanding cavalry forces of this division. All officers and enlisted men on detached service will at once be relieved and returned to their regiments and a sufficient number of horses will be drawn from the cavalry that remains in the department to be replaced by horses now on their way from Saint Louis, to mount every effective man in these two regiments. The commanding general is extremely anxious that the movement of these regiments be expedited as much as possible. Please instruct commanding officers to stop at Morganza on their way down the river, and to telegraph from there to General Grierson, care of these headquarters awaiting his reply.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., March 4, 1865

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Department of Mississippi:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the Fourth and Eleventh Illinois, the First Iowa and Second Wisconsin Regiments of Volunteer Cavalry be sent, as early as practicable, to this city, and

