
ordered to report to Brevet Major-General Grierson, commanding cavalry forces of this division. The order for the Eleventh New York and Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, dated the 2nd instant, is hereby so far modified as to require them to report to General Grierson instead of to General Hurlbut. All officers and enlisted men belonging to those regiments and now on detached service should at once be returned to their commands and so far as practicable every effective man should be mounted by drawing horses from regiments to remain in your department, to be replaced from supplies now on their way from Saint Louis. It is desired that no effort be spared to expedite the movement of these troops as much as possible. Commanding officers should be instructed to stop at Morganza on their way down the river for the purpose of telegraphing to General Grierson (care of these headquarters) for instructions. The Second New Jersey Cavalry has been ordered from Natchez direct and should be replaced by some other regiment from Memphis. A portion of Knipe's cavalry will probably remain in your department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG,Vicksburg, Miss., March 4, 1865.

Captain F. W. FOX.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Mississippi;

CAPTAIN: Inclosed please find communication* from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi in reference to my action in closing the lines during the movement of the troops under command of General A. J. Smith at this place. The lines are again closed. Upon receipt of orders from General Canby for General Knipe's cavalry forces to proceed to New Orleans all egress was stopped, including safe-conducts. The cavalry commenced embarking last night. No doubt many complaints have or will be made to the major-general commanding the department about the lines being closed during the movement of the troops. Please lay this communication, together with that from headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, before him for his information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, March 4, 1865.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON.

Commanding District of Natchez:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that the Second New Jersey Volunteer Cavalry to be sent with all possible dispatch to this city and ordered to report to Brevet Major-General Grierson, commanding cavalry forces of this division. The commanding officer will on arrival at Morganza telegraph to General Grierson (care of these headquarters) for further instructions. General Dana has been

---------------

*See Christensen to Commanding General District of Vicksburg, February 26, p. 987.

---------------

