
requested to send another cavalry regiment from Memphis to replace the Second New Jersey, but it is desired that the necessary steps be taken immediately for its embarkation without waiting for the regiment that is to relieve it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST TENNESSEE, Numbers 28. Memphis, Tenn., March 4, 1865.

In accordance with orders from the War Department the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of West Tennessee. In addition to those at present on duty within the district the following staff officers are announced; Major W. H. Morgan, U. S. Volunteers, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Charles H. Townsend, Twenty-ninth Wisconsin Infantry, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant S. J. Burnett, Thirty-third Missouri Infantry, aide-de-camp. Headquarters at present will be the same as occupied by the late district commander, Brigadier General B. S. Roberts.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,March 4, 1865-10. 16 a. m.

General DODGE,

Headquarters Department of the Missouri:

Before you make any order assigning Pleasanton to duty I would be glad to see you and him and talk on the matter.

JOHN POPE.

Major-General.

MEXICO, MO., March 4, 1865.

Honorable I. H. STURGEON,

DEAR SIR AND FRIEND: Well knowing your wishes and desires, as often expressed to me, for the future welfare and interests of Missouri, particularly Northeast Missouri, I now write you, hoping that you may be able to lay some matters before General Pope in such a manner as will be to our future advantage as a people and State. I find on my arrival at home that the people of my county and the adjoining counties [are] in a great state of excitement, and many good citizens leaving the State, leaving their farms, making such dispositions of their personal effects as they can, in some instances selling their farms for what they can get, and others leaving their farms and lands and either moving into town or leaving the State-and in most cases leaving the State-many of whom are good, loyal citizens, who have ever been friends of the Government. This present increased excitement has been produced by the raids of a few notorious thieves and bushwhackers, not more than ten in number. As I am informed, five or six of them made a raid into the west end of this county the day before I left home and killed one man and beat and robbed others, which occurred on or about the 25th of February, and afterward some ten, claiming to be the same

69 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

