
gang led by the notorious Jim Jackson, of Texas, as he claims, made a raid through the northwestern part of Boone and Randolph and to Jackson Station, killing some two or three persons and robbing others. These raids have been made and these brutal outrages committed upon Union men generally and such Southern sympathizers as have manifested a disposition to favor the Union cause, and in no case have any notorious rebels been molested. Such seems to be the programme, that all Union men are to be driven out of the State by such fiends, and the disloyal element of the country sit quietly down and fold their arms and rejoice over the result thus brought about. I am satisfied in my own mind that many of the Southern men are willing to see the work of death go on as inaugurated by such fiends claiming to be Confederate guerrillas, &amp;c., until every Union man shall be driven out of the State. During the fall and winter the rebel element of the country was the restless element, and were wishing to sell and leave the State for fear of the reaction to follow the raid of Price; but as that was about to subside these raids have caused them to become more quiet, and many of them seem satisfied to remain, as the loyal men are thus to be either killed or run out of the State. Cannot some plan be set on foot to relieve Union men and retain our population in the State, especially the Union element? I have herein given you a few facts in a very broken manner, and hope you may thereby get the idea intended to be conveyed by me of the necessity of some action to retain our population protect Union men and produce quiet in our State as speedily as possible. You can judge of the wants of the country people, and General Pope can fully appreciate the case as presented by you, and I hope will be able to devise some means for our future and immediate quiet and safety. I dislike very much to call on you for any part of your valuable time, but duty to our country requires ucan for protection.

I am, very truly, yours.

J. P. CLARK.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 4, 1865.

Colonel POTTER,

Assistant Quartermaster, Fort Leavenworth:

You have been authorized to purchase 600 horses to mount General Blunt's command. General Blunt informs me they can be purchased in South Kansas in two weeks. Send officers down immediately to make purchase or authorize some one whom you can rely upon to purchase for you, as you deem best. At any rate, get the horses for me at earliest possible moment. Answer what you propose to do in the matter.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS

Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Ter., March 4, 1865.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Paul, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: I would respectfully recommend the following slight change in the line designated by Major-General Pope from Fort Abercrombie to the Missouri River, viz: Instead of going through Wadsworth, to

