
run up the Otter Tail River to its junction with the Bois des Sioux: thence along the northwest shore of the Bois des Sioux and Lake Traverse to head of the lake; thence yesterday to the junction of the James and Snake Rivers; thence to the East Medicine Knoll River, and down it to the Missouri. At the junction of the James and Snake Rivers there is an old Indian planting ground, which I deem advisable to include in the Indian territory. This line follows water-courses as far as possible, which will much facilitate making the Indians understand the line they are to keep north of. In case the change cannot be made I would respectfully request that I be permitted to locate the Indian camp at Fish Lake, which is five miles from here and on the Fort Abercrombie road, but is perhaps two miles inside of a direct line from here to Abercrombie for the following reasons: The lake abounds in fish, which would be quite a source of subsistence for the Indians; there is an abundance of wood; good land for agriculture and well situated for defense in case of attack from hostile Indians, and within easy supporting distance from here, thus affording many more natural advantages than any other point within a long distance of this post.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. H. ROSE.

Major, Commanding Post.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Saint Paul, March 17, 1865

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters for transmittal to division headquarters for the consideration of Major-General Pope, with the recommendation that the slight changes suggested be authorized inasmuch as the Indians will better understand a line designated by natural boundaries, such as water-courses, &amp;c., than any other. The spot described as a fit location for the Indians who have surrendered to the military authorities answers the requirements contained in General Pope's dispatch.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., March 21, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Pope, commanding division.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 23, 1865.

Respectfully returned.

There are no objections to the changes suggested in this communication.

By command of Major-General Pope:

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

