
[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., March 24, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier General H. H. Sibley and attention invited to the indorsement of Major-General Pope.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

New Orleans, La., March 5, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 9th ultimo. I have no personal knowledge of General Averell. My application for him was based on the reputation he had with the officers of his regiment (Third Cavalry) as an active and enterprising officer. I am, however, greatly pleased with the change you have made in sending General Grierson. I have made applications for General Gillmore and General W. F. Smith. The first had been assigned to another command, and the second application has been declined. The object in making these applications was to have some one near in whom the Department and yourself had confidence, who could take the general conduct of the campaign and carry out the plan of operations in case of any accident to myself. I have no other choice in this respect. Steele, I think, is deficient in the qualities of organization and preparation. The same objection, I believe, applies to A. J. Smith in a smaller degree, but I have not known him so long and so well as Steele. Granger possesses these to a greater extent than the others, but is deficient in other respects. Of the three I incline to Smith, but any one in whom you have sufficient confidence to place in that position would be acceptable to me. Osterhaus has just reported, and has impressed me favorably, but I do not yet know him well except by reputation. The Department of the Gulf will need an energetic commander, with positive qualities of administration. General Hurlbut has succeeded very well, but is anxious to leave the service, and his resignation will be forwarded with the recommendation that it shall not take effect until his successor has been designated and has arrived. I have no one now that can replace him.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General,

NEW ORLEANS, LA., March 5, 1865.

(Received 17th.)

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

The results of the examining board has embarrassed us materially by discharging officers who cannot be replaced at the moment. I want particularly an officer of experience and energy for the depot at Mobile Bay. Captain F. S. Winslow, formerly in your department, is now in this city, and from the character given him by General Donaldson, and his

