
general reputation, I think him well fitted for the position. Can he be appointed? I would like him appointed for a principal depot, at least a quartermaster of volunteers with rank of major. I recommend that the appointment be made. Captain Winslow will accept. Please advise me soon.

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI. Numbers 32. New Orleans, La., March 5, 1865.

1. Division commanders will at once appoint provost-marshals, as required by paragraph 2, General Orders, Numbers 20, current series, and report their appointments to these headquarters without delay.

2. For brigades detached from their divisions, provost-marshals will be appointed by the brigade commanders.

3. For cities or villages occupied by our troops, a provost-marshal will, when necessary, be appointed by the commanding officer so occupying or by orders from division or higher headquarters.

4. All appointments or changes of provost-marshals will be at once reported by the authority making them to these headquarters.

5. All provost-marshals will obey the orders of their immediate commanders in all matters affecting the interior police, but will also obey such instructions as they may from time to time receive from the provost-marshal-general.

6. Division and other commanders, having provost-marshals for their commands, will detail a sufficient guard for duty under the orders of the provost-marshal; such guard will be detailed from the best disciplined and most reliable troops; and commanding officers are hereby required to aid and sustain their provost-marshals to the fullest extent practicable in the performance of their duties.

7. All commanding officers are hereby required, on the application of a provost-marshal, to aid him in effecting arrests, and to afford him any other aid necessary to him in the performance of his duties.

8. For small temporary detachments no provost-marshal will be appointed, but the commanding officer of the detachment will do what is necessary to enforce order, for the proper care and disposition of seized or captured property, prisoners, refugees, and deserters, and for the surveillance of persons not in the army.

9. Intoxicating liquors, including wines, ale, beer, lager beer, porter, &amp;c., shall not be permitted to be sold in or in the vicinity of any place occupied by our troops, either on the march or stationed.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SEPARATE CAVALRY BRIGADE, Numbers 16. Carrollton, La., March 5, 1865.

* * * *

V. Colonel M. H. Chrysler, Second New York Veteran Cavalry, will proceed with the portion of his regiment remaining at Carrollton to Lakeport at 6 a. m. the 6th instant, and there embark for Pensacola, Fla., on board the transports designated to receive his command, which will be provided with three days' cooked rations and forage.

