
VI. Upon his arrival at Pensacola, Fla., he will assume command of the troops of this brigade, which will be ordered to report to him as they arrive at that post, reporting to the commanding officer and to major-general commanding when he shall arrive there.

* * * * *

E. V. HITCH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA.

New Orleans, March 5, 1865.

Major-General HURLBUT,Commanding Department of the Gulf:

There is no news to-day from the Grossetete country. Scouts are now up there, and I expected to hear further to-morrow. If, I can find any reliable special scout I will send him up, but we have already a gang of very intelligent fellow up there, and I hardly think that any force will succeeded in getting across the Atchafalaya without observation. The condition of the roads is now such that the enemy would have difficulty in surprising us, I think.

Very respectfully,

T. W. SHERMAN.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 61. New Orleans, March 5, 1865.

* * * *

5. Colonel S. M. Quincy, Seventy-third U. S. Colored Infantry, is temporarily relieved from his duties as acting assistant inspector-general of infantry, heavy, and light artillery of the Northern Division of Louisiana, to enable him to assume his duties as president of the examining board for U. S. Colored Troops. Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Chadwick, Ninety-second U. S. Colored Infantry, is announced as acting assistant inspector-general of infantry, heavy, and light artillery of the Northern Division of Louisiana during the temporary absence of Colonel Quincy.

By command of Major-General Hurlbut:

J. C. STONE

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PLAQUEMINE, March 5, 1865, (Received 8. 20 p. m.)

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, Defenses:

Scouts sent out last night have returned. They report having seen an outpost of the enemy at the old mill on the west side of Bayou Grossetete, above Indian Village, supposed to be about twenty-five strong. The scouts had no boats to cross over, therefore could not attack the post. Another party sent down Bayou Plaquemine below The Park, report having seen two of the enemy's pickets in the vicinity of The Park. My men gave chase, but were unable to overtake them.

