
winter many of the worst men in Southeast Missouri have gone into Illinois to winter, and from all I can learn they are passing frequently from Missouri and Arkansas to Illinois and back again. They procure arms, ammunition clothing, &amp;c. A large portion of the horses stolen from Missouri are taken to Chester and sold and find their way to the Saint Louis market. William C. Polly, a man who left this county to keep ups from killing him, has a livery stable in Chester, and without doubt is in league with the guerrillas. I think this matter should be attended to, and I would like to do it. I can take the men from here necessary to do the work. General, come down to Patterson if you can. I wish you to look around here some and see. If the Iron Mountain Railroad comes through here (which it will) I know of no place which presents so good a chance for profits as this. I wish you would come down and see what you think of the prospects. We have heard here that you are coming down with the inspecting officer when he comes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. LEEPER,.

HANNIBAL, MO., March 5, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE:

GENERAL: Holtzclaw, Gouch and Bragg have left Pike County, Ill., and have gone to Council Bluffs, Iowa. Burchell has been in Pike County for the last week and brings this information. Holtzclaw goes by the name of Miller. He has had his sisters with him all winter, and they all left there for Council Bluffs two weeks ago. This information is without doubt correct, as one of Holtzclaw's men was with Burchell in Pike County. I send Burchell to you, and he will give you all the particulars, and if you will give him the proper authority to arrest the parties he will gobble them without doubt. I am on the track of Blue, Oldham, and Cook. One of the Oldhams died suddenly last week. There are so many different parties at work here over which I have no control it is impossible to accomplish much.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MORRILL.

Colonel Sixty-fourth Illinois.

MACON, MO., March 5, 1865.

Colonel E. A. KUTZNER,

Glasgow:

Great complaint is made that your troops in Howard County are inactive. Stir them up. Push them out after the guerrillas. Organize a party to go after Jackson, and stay after him day and night until he is killed.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

FORT RILEY, KANS., March 5, 1865

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE UPPER ARKANSAS:

In obedience to orders I proceeded to the counties of Chase, Butler, and Irving and investigated, as near as possible, concerning the report that came to these headquarters in regard to the Texans and Indians

