
June 26-29, 1865. -The Fourth Army Corps arrives at New Orleans, en route to Texas.

27, 1865. -Major General William T. Sherman assigned to the Military Division of the Mississippi (reorganized); Major General Philip H. Sheridan, to the Military Division of the Gulf; Major General John Pope, to the Department of the Missouri; Major General Joseph J. Reynolds, to the Department of Arkansas; Major General Edward R. S. Canby, to the Department of Louisiana and Texas; Major General Henry W. Slocum, to the Department of Mississippi; and Major General John G. Foster, to the Department of Florida.

Colonel Frederick W. Moore, Eighty-third Ohio Infantry, assigned to command the post of Galveston, Tex., in addition to the Third Brigade, Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.

28, 1865. -The District of Kansas formed from the Districts of North and South Kansas, and Brigadier General Robert B. Mitchell assigned to its command.

Colonel David Moore, Fifty-first Missouri Infantry, assigned to command First Sub-District of Saint Louis, vice Colonel Joseph Weydemeyer, Forty-first Missouri Infantry, relieved.

29, 1865. -Skirmish with Indians near Fort Dodge, Kans.

30, 1865. -Skirmish with Indians at Rock Creek, Dak. Ter.

JANUARY 1-27, 1865. -Operations in Arkansas, including actions at Dardanelle (14th), Ivey's Ford (17th), and skirmish at Boggs' Mills (24th).

REPORTS, ETC.

No. 1. -Colonel Abraham H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

No. 2. -Colonel Thomas M. Bowen, Thirteenth Kansas Infantry, commanding U. S. transports, of operations January 17-24.

No. 3. -Major General John B. Magruder, C. S. Army, commanding District of Arkansas, of operations January 17-24.

No. 1. Report of Colonel Abraham H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry (Union). HEADQUARTERS POST LEWISBURG, Lewisburg, Ark., January 27, 1865.

About the 1st day of January scouts reported a force of the enemy at Dardanelle and Beatty's Mill, near Petit Jean Creek. Scouting parties were sent to Galla Rock and Norristown to prevent the enemy from crossing to north side of river. On the 10th instant the enemy were reported as moving on Perryville, evidently for the purpose of crossing the Fourche la Fave at that place, en route south, or to move onto the river bank at some point between Lewisburg and Little Rock, for the purpose of capturing transports with supplies of the way to Fort Smith. To prevent either movement being successful, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Steele, Eleventh U. S. Colored, with 150 men of his regiment, and detachment of Third Arkansas Cavalry, Captain Gibbons commanding, to Perryville. The cavalry arrived at that place on the morning of the 11th, and ascertained that the enemy were encamped within a few miles of that place, and that they could not

