
either shore to the gun-boat. The boat carried no colors, and would not answer our salutes nor pay our colors any attention at all, but moved to this side of the lake between Bayou Blue and Bayou Planton, and commenced disembarking, for what purpose I could not tell. I watched the boat at different points all day, and was unable to tell whether it was in the possession of rebels or not. I left the Shell Bank at 10 a. m., and retraced my steps to Brule Texas, taking the road to Bayou Blue. We head to wade over two miles in water from six inches to three feet deep, reaching the lake at 5 p. m., but found nothing but one small skiff (which we destroyed), and the steam-boat. After leaving the lake I had the trestle-work destroyed on Bayou Blue. The road leading from Texas to the canal being impassable, I marched back to Kittredge's plantation and halted to rest and feed until daylight the 12th instant, when I again started for Napoleonville, where I arrived at 10 a. m. and reported for orders, which I received at 7 p. m. I started at 8 p. m. from Napoleonville, and arrived here at 2 a. m. this the 13th instant. During the entire march I did not see or hear of a rebel, and I think they left before we started from here. It is almost impossible to move a command through the woods at present, mounted.

I have the honor, Captain, to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN H. ALEXANDER,

Captain Company K, First Louisiana Cavalry.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourche District.

FEBRUARY 12, 1865. - Skirmish near Columbia, Mo.

Report of Captain Henry N. Cook Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

ROCHEPORT, February 12, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: About 1,30 o'clock this morning, with eighteen men, I attacked Jim Carter's camp. We killed three men and crippled all the rest. I think they had ten Arkansas men in camp. We got all their horses, clothing, and number of pistols. The camp was within six or seven miles of Columbia, due north. In accomplishing this I regret to say that Sergt. Thomas J. Hern, of my company, was killed the first shot that was fired. Private Tunder was severely wounded. We walked a mile with our boots off and completely surprised them.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. N. COOK,

Captain Company F, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Lieutenant CLARKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

The names of the killed are Jim Carter, William Cavanaugh, Tompkins Robinson.

ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., February 14, 1865.

Captain H. N. COOK,

Company F, Ninth Cav. Mo. State Militia, Rocheport, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your report of the 12th instant of the fight with Carter's band, &amp;c. He extends to yourself and the brave boys of Company F

