HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Fort Gaines, Ala., March 7, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of General Orders,, Numbers 21, and of your communication of the 12th ultimo. The control of the Mississippi River is so intimately connected with the police and trade regulations to be enforced in the communities bordering on it that the other. The interests of the service would, in my judgment, be advanced by the revocation of so much of the order as subjects the troops on the east bank of the river above the Department of Mississippi to my control, leaving the questions of trade and police regulations to be the subject of arrangement between General Thomas on the east and General Pope on the west,, and myself, or, preferably by the assignment of a general officer of rank to the special duty of regulating these matters, under the control of the division commanders. During recent operations in Mississippi much embarrassment was experienced by the facilities given for the transmission of supplies and communication of information from points in West Kentucky and Tennessee. . The orders given to prevent this were disregarded by local commanders. This question, however, now affects General Thomas more directly than it does me, and besides I do not wish to have my command extended beyond the reach of easy supervision, and this is not practicable while operations are being carried on from the neighborhood of Mobile. If this question had been settled differently it was my intention to have abandoned Columbus, Ky., and New Madrid, Mo., and to have reduced colony of freedman at that place. This, I think, should still be done, as the garrisons of those points are now comparatively useless, and if concentrated they would be of great value in controlling the river. I will send a copy of this communication through Generals Thomas and Pope for such remarks as they may think proper respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., March 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Mil. Div. of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 7th day of March, 1865: A communication from Major George Webster, Pass Manchac, La., March 6, 1865, states that the troops at Camp Moore, numbering 200 or 300, had been ordered to Mobile. Daniel McRae, a deserter from the Twentieth Mississippi Infantry, who left Meridian February 2, states Forrest will endeavor to open communication with the Trans-Mississippi Department and will try to blockade the Mississippi River. His command, which informant estimates at 25,000 strong,

