HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 7, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Will our please try and have Lieutenant Colonel Fred. Myers, assistant quartermaster, nominated for breve brigadier-general in the regular Army before adjournment? For his services in Virginia and elsewhere, see my letter to you, dated some time in December.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 7, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri:

Your dispatch of this date in relation to securing for Colonel F. Myers promotion by brevet to the rank of brigadier-general in the regular Army is received. I received also your letter of last December on the same subject. My recollection is that I answered your letter stating that recommendations for promotions by brevet or otherwise must come from officers under whom the recipient of such promoting has served, and either go to the Adjutant-General of the Army direct, or if it is desirable to have my recommendation, then to me for indorsement. The number of applications I receive to secure promotion for officers makes it necessary for me to adhere to this rule for all officers except those who have served immediately under me. I will be very happy to affix my approval to your recommendation of Colonel Myers' promotion. It will possibly be too late now to secure his confirmation this extra session of the Senate, but his appointment can be made and held over to be acted on when Congress does meet.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 7, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE:

From the report of scouts and letter I have received, I have no doubt Camden, Ark., has been evacuated by the rebels and their troops moved south of Red River.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., March 7, 1865.

(Received 3. 30 p. m.)

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri:

Will issue law and order proclamation to-morrow.

THOS. C. FLETCHER.

