
By the Governor of Missouri:

A PROCLAMATION.

STATE OF MISSOURI, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

City of Jefferson, March 7, 1865.

Whereas there no longer exists within the State of Missouri any organized force of the enemies of the Government of the United States, recognized as entitled to the civil law is the desire of all good citizens and its protection to those who obey, and its infliction of known and just punishments on those who violate it, are the ends for which governments are established, and the restoration of its power is the sole purpose of the armed forces of the United States and the State of Missouri:

Now, therefore, I, Thomas C. Fletcher, governor of the State of Missouri and commander-in-chief of the Missouri Militia, desiring to give to every citizen an opportunity of uniting with the civil authorities for the restoration of peace and order on the basis of the administration of justice, as embodied in the civil law, before the commencement of active operations by the military force now being organized to effect the common object, do invite all men who have not made themselves infamous by crime to unite together for the support of the authority of the officers and laws and to make common cause against whomsoever shall persist in making, aiding, or encouraging any description of lawlessness; and I do hereby request the judges and justices of the peace within the State of Missouri to hold regular terms of their courts and to exercise all the authority vested by law for the protection of the lives and property of the people and the preservation of the peace of the State, and to these ends not only to exercise the authority conferred upon them by the laws of the State, but also, when necessary, to use the power given them under the national statutes to arrest and band to keep the peace or for trial or commit to jail, as the circumstances may require, all offenders against the criminal laws of the United States for appearance before and trial in the U. S. courts; and all judicial and ministerial officers of the law are requested to apply to the nearest military district or post commanders for such escort, guard, or military force as may be necessary to enable them to effect these objects.

In testimony whereof I have hereto set my hand and caused to be affixed the great seal of the State of Missouri.

Done at the city of Jefferson this 7th day of March, A. D. 1865, of the Independence of the United States the eighty-ninth, and of the State of Missouri the forty-fifth.

THOMAS C. FLETCHER.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 53. Saint Louis, Mo., March 7, 1865.

* * *

4. Company H, Second Cavalry Missouri State Militia, is hereby ordered to proceed too Saint Louis, Mo., to be mustered out of service. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By order of Brigadier-General Ewing:

H. HANNAHS,

Major Fiftieth Missouri Volunteers and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

