
PATTERSON, MO., March 7, 1865.

Colonel BEVERIDGE,

Pilot Knob:

SIR: From scouting parties I hear daily, but nothing concerning the reported rebel force of 200. I feel confident there are not over thirty or forty guerrillas in this country. I have reliable information there is no regular organized rebel force. Rebel men and women report from 300 too 3,000, that our small parties may keep clear while depredations are committed upon Union families by guerrillas.

JAMES SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., March 7, 1865.

ISAAC H. STURGEON, Esq.,

President North Missouri Railroad Co., Saint Louis, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: Your note introducing Mr. Pratt, civil engineer, was duly received. I have decided to make Sturgeon headquarters of the Ninth Cavalry for the present, and they will operate against the bushwhackers in Audrain, Boone, and Callaway. My entire force is very light, not one-half what it should be. We are pushing the militia organizations as rapidly as possible, but they go slowly. I am shy about holding the rebels responsible for damages along the line, as the War Department would certainly prohibit me from enforcing an order of that character. The principle is right, but an attempt to adopt and enforce it would be checked by me superiors. I am quite fearful of much trouble when the warm weather and the leaves come, and shall make the best preparations possible too meet it. General Draper will be at Mexico this week, and will make it headquarters, and I assure you we will do all we can too protect the railway.

I am, sir, with great, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., March 7, 1865.

Captain H. M. BRADLEY,

Assistant Provost-Marshal, Columbia, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I am pained to learn of the friction existing at Columbia. Pickett was greatly to blame for resisting the guard or in any manner whatever interfering with the men in arrest. I have ever regarded Captain Cook as an able, patriotic officer. He has certainly rendered his country most excellent service, and I should be last to believe that he would do anything to bolster up or comfort disloyalist. I have no one to put in his place; have but few officers and a light force, all told. The captain will be directed too furnish you all requisite guards and force for the discharge of your duties. General Guitar may endeavor of impede you. If so, hesitate not to lay hold of him as you would any other offender. I hope the general will not be instrumental in causing trouble in Boone, but the petition of the Union men of Boone indicates their fear of oppression through his influence. Keep me posted from time to time of the progress of events.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

