HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, MISSOURI MILITIA,Macon, Mo., March 7, 1865.

Brigadier General WILLIAM R. PENICK, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 6th instant, touching the volunteer militia organizations in Ray and Caldwell. I am advised that none of these organizations are progressing very rapidly. We shall have to depend upon the militia proper, and the plan you suggest of organizing one company in each regiment [in] a county, with a view to active service, and of men who can leave their business, is a good one. Carry it out. We shall soon get volunteers sufficient for the emergency, which I fear is sure to come. We must keep our detailed force as light as possible, and in every way compatible with the public good, save the money of the State. Economize! Economize! and what we do, let us do first rate. Beware of the easy-going fellows. Select for officers honest, temperate, earnest, loyal men, and insist upon and maintain the most roget discipline when troops are ordered into active service. Captain McGhee can muster as lieutenant with what men he has. Place him on duty and then fill up the company. General Orders, Numbers 28, Department of the Missouri, current series, provides for the muster in of a half company, and if in the meantime volunteers are not offered to fill up the company, let it be made a part of one of the militia companies proper. It is important that the entire enrollment and organization be pushed with vigor. The warm days are upon us, and green leaf is the best general the whackers have. I have approved your list of enrolling officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., March 7, 1865.

Captain J. WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

CAPTAIN:

In consequence of a letter received from General Thomas A. Davies, of March 1, in relation to transportation accompanying the Second U. S. Volunteers (copy inclosed),* I have the honor too state that there are now at this post Company L, part of Company D, Sixteenth Kansas, and a detachment of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry; also stragglers of the Eleventh Kansas, awaiting transportation each to their several palaces of destination. All the available transportation was sent with the Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry to Fort Kearny. To carry out verbal instructions from the general commanding it will be necessary to send forward these troops (Second U. S. Volunteers) with same transportation in their possession. I would also state that unless this district is supplied with more transportation it will be impossible to make a successful campaign against the Indians and keep up the escort to stage and patrol the Santa Fe route. At least fifty more teams are required. Estimates have been forwarded for that amount of transportation repeatedly, but without success.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(In absence of general commanding.)

