
Independent Scouts, has been sent west and north to the Republican, thence to Fort Ellsworth, to return by Fort Zarah. He will doubtless return to this post within the next ten days, when I will forward a full report of his scout. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. JANES.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Riley, Kans.

FEBRUARY 13, 1865. - Skirmish in Mississippi County, Mo.

Report of Captain James W. Edwards, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

NEW MADRID, MO., February 16, 1865.

I left here Monday morning, with ten men, in pursuit of a band of bushwhackers I heard of the night before going into Mississippi County. I ran onto eighth of them Monday night. Killed 2 and captured 6, with their arms, &amp;c. They were from Clarke's command up here on a stealing expedition alone. Could hear of no others in the country.

JAS. W. EDWARDS,

Captain Company B, Second Missouri State Militia, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General EWING.

FEBRUARY 14-18, 1865. - Expeditions from Donaldsonville to Grand Bayou and Bayou Goula, La., with skirmish (15th) at Martin's Lane.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. Colonel Willard Sayles, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Numbers 2. - Captain James R. S. Cox, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Willard Sayles, Third Rhode Island Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,

Post Napoleonville, La., February 22, 1865.

CAPTAIN: On the night of the 15th instant, learning that a party of rebels had crossed Grand Bayou on the road leading to Doctor Martin's plantation, I immediately took about eighty men, composed of cavalry and thirty Infantry and started for them. I had previously telegraphed Colonel Fiske of the fact, for the purpose of meeting them in one or the other of the two directions. Marching as rapidly as possible, reached Doctor Martin's plantation about 12 o'clock. Sending the adjutant in advance with a small detached, to learn if possible the whereabouts of the enemy, I halted the column and awaited his return. He met a part of Captain Cox's detachment, who informed him that he had met them and driven them back across the Bayou, capturing 1 man

---------------

* See February 16-21, 1865. - Scout from Fort Larned, Kans. Report of Sergt. David C. Nettleton, Second Colorado Cavalry, p. 117.

---------------

