
ment back. Scott was ordered too start from Liberty for some point on the Mobile railroad on March 2, but is with his brigade at the bridge six miles this side of Liberty. Hodge and Scott united have 2,500 men. A spy just in from Liberty states that Scot believes this movement to be a feint, and had said he would not be deceived, but the troops don't want to go. The building of large bridges over Redwood and the Comite seems to trouble Hodge. Forrest with 5,000 men is coming down from Jackson, Miss., to some point nearer Mobile. He has ordered Hodge to join him, taking all the troops but one battalion. I am supplying Bailey by trains from here, as there is nothing in the country. The roads are perfectly terrible. Am starting a train out to-day, and when it reaches him, if not directed otherwise, I will put the force toward Liberty.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS, March 8, 1865.

Major-General HERRON:

The general desires me too say that you can order in the troops under General Bailey as soon as you choose.

GEO. B DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, Ark., March 8, 1865.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

There are several thousand families within the limits of this command who are related to and dependent on the Arkansas soldiers in our service. These people have nearly all been robbed of everything they had by the troops of this command, and are now left destitute and compelled to leave their homes to avoid starvation. They cannot be sent away, as they are dependent on their husbands and sons in the Arkansas regiments belonging to this command. Many of them are preparing to cultivate the abandoned plantations in the vicinity of this place and Van Buren. Colonel Stephenson has 200 families at Clarksville, which he wants to colonize on the north side of the river near Van Buren. Colonel Harrison has established colonies at Fayetteville, Cane Hill, Huntsville, Bentonville, at each of which places a company of the First Arkansas Cavalry is stationed, and the loyal people are preparing to cultivate the land in the vicinity of these posts. To protect these people and the telegraph and our mail communication with Saint Louis the First Arkansas Cavalry will have too remain at Fayetteville. We are now issuing rations to a large number at this place who will be able to purchase as soon as the troops here are paid. I am issuing to none but the families of soldiers in our service. I understand it to be the desire of the general commanding that all such persons be kept here and encouraged to go too work. Many good loyal people have been shamefully treated by our army. The country is filled with irregular receipts for forage, horses, cattle, and other property which cannot be settled, but in most instances everything has been taken and no receipts given, the people turned out to starve, and their effects loaded into trains and sent to Kansas. With so much evidence before me I

