
to interfere in any manner with the civil affairs of the State or with its citizens, and I consider it very unwise to do so, I trust that all appeals to Your Excellency, requiring such action from me, be referred where I shall refer them and where, I think, they ought to be referred, viz, to the State authorities. These authorities will never command the respect of the people until it is found that they, and not the General Government, are the final appeal of the people of Missouri. The other subjects connected with affairs in Missouri are so freely discussed in my letter to Governor Fletcher that it is unnecessary to touch upon them here. An abrupt and sudden abrogation of martial law would create much alarm and discontent among a certain class of people in the State and would meet with violent [dis] approbation. I propose, therefore, to get rid of it gradually, and without any public order suffer it to die out for want of exercise, so that the people will be unconscious of it until they cease to regard martial law necessary or desirable.

It will be perceived from the newspapers of the city and the proclamation of the governor that all parties in the State sustain the policy laid down in my letter, though for widely different reasons. The radical party support it because, having elected a State government, they could not acknowledge that they are unable or unwilling to administer it without destroying the ascendancy of their party in the State. The existence of martial law in the State for a year longer would effectually dispose of their present majority. In common with the other parties in the State they no doubt desire to restore civil government for its own sake. They hope, too, by thus assuming full control of civil affairs, to reduce all troubles in Missouri to mere controversies between the citizens and civil officers and laws of the State, and thus rid themselves of interference in their affairs, occasioned by influences brought to bear in Washingtonives, both Republicans and Democrats, support it because it promises a return to the administration of civil law, which, even though not well administered, they consider preferable to martial law. The semi-disloyal support it because being the minority party, overawed by military authority, they hail any change with satisfaction. As all these parties, though acting from different motives, are united in efforts too restore civil administration in Missouri, and as that result is undoubtedly desired by the Government as well as by the people of the country, I trust that Your Excellency will support me in a policy which will unite all parties in Missouri for this object. One immediate effect of such a policy will be to transfer the protests, the complaints, and the difficulties about Missouri affairs from Washington City too Jefferson City and thus relieve the Administration from the constant annoyance and worry of Missouri politicians.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 8, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Many rebel prisoners of war decline exchange and ask to enter our service. Can you employ any more in your command; and, if so, how many?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

