
not go. Officers admit that to do it they will have to beak up into small parties,, and they believe if they do this they will never be able to get the men together again. It is certain that the Missouri troops are the nucleus around which the army is held and is the element that holds it together. Many circumstances are related clearly proving this fact. When Walker tried to cross the Mississippi his troops mutinied. A rebel captain was ordered shoot for being a leader in it, and he had too be executed by Missouri soldiers, as none others would do it. No efforts had been made two weeks ago too cross any troops to east side of the Mississippi. Colonel Hayes thinks when they ascertain that no campaign is being made against them they will make an effort to do this; but it will fail and they will, in the attempt, lose a large number of men from desertion, and too satisfy the Missouri troops a campaign will be made against the posts in upper Arkansas and Kansas. All able-bodied negroes were being forcibly collected in camps, but as yet none had been organized and armed as soldiers.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTER MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,]

Saint Louis, March 10, 1865.

Respectfully referred too Major-General Halleck for his information. A raid north by the rebels in Arkansas and Louisiana seems more than probable if no movement be made against them.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

PATTERSON, MO., March 8, 1865.

Colonel BEVERIDGE, Pilot Knob:

SIR: Scouting parties from twenty miles south of Black River report no force other than a few guerrillas, nor do I believe there is any.

JAMES SMITH,

Captain, Seventh Kansas, Commanding Post.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., March 8, 1865.

Captain HENRY KELLING,

New Madrid, Mo.:

Can you learn anything about QUANTRILL's movement on the other side of the river? Keep advised as well as possible. They are supposed to intend to cross below New Madrid and pass up west of Charleston.

By order, &amp;c.:

J. C. THOMSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 15. Rolla, Mo., March 8, 1865.

In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 60, dated headquarters Department of the Missouri, March 2, 1865, I hereby assume command of this district.

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel Thirteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, Commanding.

