
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Numbers 22. Springfield, Mo., March 8, 1865.

I. It is the settled and determined purpose of the United States and the State of Missouri, respectively, to maintain their authority and protect all loyal people of this district in person and property to the fullest extent. That the State and national authority may be more firmly extent. That the Sate and national authority may be more firmly exercised in the border counties of this district and the loyal citizens who have been driven therefrom be more fully protected in their rights and property, His Excellency the Governor of Missouri, upon the recommendation of the district commander, has authorized the following commendation of the district commander, has authorized the following companies of volunteer militia too be organized for one year's service in this district, as follows: One company for the counties of Ozark and Douglas, one company for the counties of Barry and McDonald, one company each for the counties of Taney, Stone, Newton, Jasper, Barton, Vernon, Saint Clair, Hickory, Camden, Wright.

II. The foregoing companies will be organized under the directions and provisions contained in General Orders, Numbers 3, current series, from headquarters State of Missouri, relative to similar organizations.

III. Pursuant to the directions of General Orders, Numbers 28, current series, headquarters Department of the Missouri, the following-named line officers now in service will, in addition to their other duties, take viz: Captain Robert L. Butts, the company for Ozark and Douglas; Captain William Ray, the company for Barry and McDonald; Captain Jackson Ball, the company for Taney; Captain John H. More, the company for Stone; Captain John R. Kelso, the company for Newton; Captain G. C. Stotts, the company for Jasper; Captain E. J. Morris, the company for Barton; Lieutenant A. C. Montgomery, the company for Vernon; Captain T. B. Sutherland, the company for Saint Clair; Captain Jacob Cassairt, the company for Hickory; Captain John R. Foster, the company for Camden; Captain S. E. Turner, the company for Wright.

* * *

By order of Brigadier-General Sanborn:

WM. T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CASSVILLE, MO., March 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

Just arrived. Had good luck; only one horse wounded; killed thirteen rebels. I brought out a large lot of stock.

J. M. MORE,

Major.

OLATHE, March 8, 1865.

Captain G. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Paola:

A new gang of bushwhackers, saying they were recruits, robbed two houses two miles south of Oxford yesterday evening and went off east; four in number. Pursuit was deemed useless.

W. F. GOBLE,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshall.

