HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 9, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The river is rising with great rapidity; two feet more will give an overflow at Morganza. The levees are bad at Kenner and Chalmette, and opposite the city. I have sent boats to Morganza to be ready if the swell continues. If the upper rivers come down, as may be expected, very serious damage may be expected.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

WEST BATON ROUGE, March 9, 1865.

Captain MOREY,

Acting Aide-de-Camp:

CAPTAIN: Your communication of yesterday was received late last evening. I regret that I cannot remain over till the 10th instant. Any arrangements Major-General Herron desires to make in accordance with the letter of Captain Ratliff can be made by flag via Morganza. The river is rising so rapidly that doubtless the levee building will be suspended within the line of Captain Ratliff's duties. It is to be hoped that the high water will so circumscribe the field for plunder for these lawless men that they will desist from fear to operate any more in this contracted or divided sphere.

I remain, captain, with respect, very truly, your obedient servant,

A. BARROW.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF EASTERN ARKANSAS, Numbers 7. Helena, Ark., March 9, 1865.

Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 70, dated headquarters of the Army, Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, D. C., February 12, 1865, I hereby assume command of the Eastern District of Arkansas. All orders issued by my predecessor, Brigadier General N. B. Buford, U. S. Volunteers, will remain in force until further orders.

A. McD. McCOOK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF LITTLE ROCK,Little Rock, Ark., March 9, 1865-7 p. m.

Brigadier General POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Pine Bluff, Ark.:

I am at this hour starting a small scout into the Clear Lake neighborhood. My information is that there are some twenty or twenty-five guerrillas in that section. If my scout does not intercept them they will probably cross Wabbaseca Bayou at Derrysaw's, three miles toward Pine Bluff from the McMilley place and on the Brownsville and Pine Bluff from the McMilley place and on the Brownsville and Pine Bluff road, this to-morrow evening between 3 o'clock and dark. I understand that it is the habit of these bushwhackers to stop over night at the McMilley place; thence they go too Swan Lake, and thence to Reeves' Ferry across the Arkansas below Pine Bluff. If you can, send a party to intercept, at the points above indicated, such as may escape.

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

