
and 7 horses. I made inquiries at the different plantations, and could learn no more of the enemy. I then returned to camp. Having verbally informed the general commanding the day succeeding this expedition at Thibodeaux of what had been done, and supposing that the detachment from Donaldsonville, who alone had succeeded in meeting them, had made a full report of the raid and its consequences, I did not deem a written statement necessary.

I am, Captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLARD SAYLES,

Colonel Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding Regiment and Post.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourche District.

Numbers 2. Reports of Captain James R. S. Cox, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry. HDQRS. DETACHMENT 16TH INDIANA MOUNTED INFANTRY, Donaldsonville, La., February 15, 1865.

I have the honor to report that, in compliance with instructions of Colonel Fiske, I took F and K Companies, fifty-five men, of my detachment, down the Bayou La Fourche road. Met a party of rebels in Doctor Martin's lane. Pursued them till they scattered in the swamp, with the following results: Our loss, 1 horse (leg broken by shot). Rebel loss, 7 horses, 2 shotguns, and 1 prisoner. Captain Macklin, Company K, rendered valuable aid.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. S. COX,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant L. R. HALL,

Post Adjutant.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF DONALDSONVILLE,February 15, 1865.

Approved and respectfully forwarded.

This party of guerrillas were under command of Captain Whittington, Second Louisiana (Rebel) Cavalry. One of the prisoners captured reports that this force came from Attakapas. They crossed Grand River at Bay Natchez. The prisoners states that there were 100 in the party that crossed the bay, and fifty in the party that came to the Doctor Martin place last night, but from the best information I can get I don't think there were more than half of that number.

W. O. FISKE,

Colonel First Louisiana Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., February 17, 1865.

Respectfully returned for completion.

This report is entirely too meager and wanting in details.

By command of Brigadier-General Cameron:

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

8 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT I

