HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, Ark., March 9, 1865.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

MAJOR: I inclose herewith a statement showing the number of troops and their station belonging to this command in July last and at the present time, from which you will see that Fort Gibson, Fayetteville, and Clarksville are now occupied by a smaller number of troops than in July, while at that time the forces stationed at this place and Van Buren numbered 6,051 present and an aggregate of 8,360. This post was frequently threatened during the past season by a superior force of the enemy and for months virtually besieged. The fortifications here were constructed to be defended by at least 6,000 men. From the right of the line on the Poteau to the Arkansas River on the left is two miles. The abatis in front as clear as the ground in front of Fort Steele, at Little Rock. When the Poteau and Arkansas Rivers are low they afford but little protection, as they can be forded at any point. This makes a line of four miles too be defended. The position is such that the enemy can observe every movement of troops inside our works. The force now at this place and Van Buren numbers but 1,801 men for duty. Twenty per cent. of this force will be non-effective during the summer. It is already known too the enemy that we are accumulating a large supply of stores and that the force here has been greatly diminished. Under the circumstances it is safe to presume that as soon as the grass will subsist their horses that there will be an effort made by the enemy too take this place. This post can be held against 20,000 men with a force of 5,000 with more ease than against 6,000 by the force now here. In my opinion two regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry should be added to the force now here, to insure the defense of this post, keep open our communications, and protect the thousands of people who are colonizing near this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,On board Steamer Ben Stickney, near mouth of White River,

March 9, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a note from Captain Gorringe, U. S. Navy, who called upon me yesterday at Memphis (on his way north under orders) and, in addition too his statement in the note, expressed his firm conviction that facts were as represented. I have notified Lieutenant-Commanders Bacon (probably at the mouth of the Yazoo) and McCauley, at Natchez, that they may be on their guard against any such operations of the enemy. I shall myself take immediate measures to ascertain fi the enemy really propose to cross the river at the points designated or within my department.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

