
tribes of wild Indians now at war with the whites, and that we are informed by friendly Indians that the savage tribes design making war upon our settlements in the sprig.

We would further state that will have no protection whatever on the west or south, and that in view of the uncertainty of life and property the inhabitants have commenced moving out of the country.

And further that immigrants are deterred from settling or making improvements in our country by the uncertainty of life and property before mentioned.

In view of these facts we would urge upon Your Excellency the necessity of immediate action; and would recommend that one company of mounted men be sent immediately to the disturbed border on the southwest, and that part of such troops be stationed on White Water, in Butler County, and part on Fall River, in Greenwood County, to protect the country until the military authorities decide upon some measures of permanent protection.

And we would recommend that Your Excellency place these facts before the proper military authorities, that immediate action be taken in the case.

R. H. ABRAHAM,

Sixty-sixth District, Lyon County.

WM. MARTINDALE,

Seventy-fifth District, Greenwood County.

J. S. SPENCER,

Sixty-ninth District.

F. R. PAGE,

Sixty-fifth District.

JACOB STOTLER,

Sixty-fourth District.

J. C. LAMBDIN,

Provost-Marshal.

M. R. LEONARD,

Sixty-eighth District.

J. R. SWALLOW,

Auditor of State.

JAMES R. MEAD,

Sixty-seventh District, Butler County.

C. V. ESKRIDGE,

Nineteenth Senatorial District.

B. R. LOCKWOOD,

Fifteenth Senatorial District.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, Kans., January 31, 1865.

Messrs. ABRAHAM, MARTINDALE, SPENCER, PAGE, STOTLER, LAMBDIN, LEONARD, SWALLOW, and MEAD:

GENTLEMEN: Your communication dated Topeka the 16th instant, addressed to His Excellency the governor, in relation to the illegal traffic in cattle and other stock from the Indian Territory represented to be carried on in the southwestern portion of the State, has been referred to me. I have no doubt that the facts set forth in your communication are correct, as there have been many evidences during the last year that large numbers of cattle were driven out of the Indian country, by what authority I do not know. I am told that the parties

