
engaged in this exhibit permits from Major-General Curtis, Mr. Coffin, Indian superintendent, and even from the President, while nearly every man interested directly or indirectly in the business claims to be a Government detective or assistant provost-marshal. As for myself, I have never given any one a permit to go into the Indian country to drive out cattle or other stock, though repeated applications have been made to me, and if any one holds permits with my name attached they are forgeries. As to whether the other parties have given permits I do not know. But I am satisfied that a great deal of rascality has been carried on in Southwestern Kansas in the manner you represent, the consequences of which may prove disastrous to that neighborhood, and if the people and the civil authorities cannot remedy the evil complained of the military authorities should take the matter in hand. The section of country where I understand the principal rendezvous is located is not in my district. I understand that the principal depot is in Hunter County, on Walnut Creek, while my district only extends west to the guide meridian. West of that line is in the District of Upper Arkansas. So far as my district extends I will take measures to remedy the evil you complain of so far as [is] in my power to do, and with this view I shall direct Colonel Blair to send troops to emporia under a good officer (if such a one can be found) to look after the matter. I have heretofore, in matters of this kind, had much difficulty in finding officers and men who were reliable and who would not themselves be corrupted and become parties to the transactions and operations that they were expected to prohibit or correct. I hope that in good, active man that is perfectly reliable I will give him such instructions in connection with the military sent for the purpose as I hope will result in breaking up the illegal cattle traffic referred to in your communication.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

TOPEKA, KANS., February 7, 1865.

General BLUNT:

DEAR SIR: In accordance with the suggestion contained in your recent letter to us in relation to the illegitimate traffic now being carried on between Kansas and Texas, or the Indian country, we join in recommending that you appoint G. D. Humphrey, of Emporia, Lyon County, Kans., as a detective, and further recommend that, in connection with him, you appoint Edwin Tucker, of Eureka, Greenwood County, Kans., as a detective. Mr. Tucker lives about forty-five miles south of Emporia, near which latter place Mr. Humphrey lives. We make the request for these two gentlemen to be appointed because the respective localities in which they live are a considerable distance apart, and yet not so far apart but they can co-operate, and in addition we have recently received information, which we regard as entirely reliable, that rebel spies from Texas have been to Emporia and through that section of the State and are now in Texas organizing a force of some 800 men to make a raid on Southwestern Kansas as soon as the weather will admit. This information was brought to Emporia a few days ago by two ladies who left Sherman, Tex., on the 13th of December last. price, Stand Watie, and a Captain Bolen, all had rebel forces at Sherman and Bonham, Tex. These ladies are wives of Texas refugee men

