
now doing business at Emporia. They heard, so they represent, the rebels tell their recruits that their intention was to make a raid into Southwestern Kansas as soon as the weather would admit; that they could make the trip from Bonham, Tex., to Emporia in seventeen days, &amp;c. The spies above referred to came up last fall with cattle and took back with them about forty horses from the vicinity of Emporia-stole them all in one night. We have to-day made these things known to General Curtis and we state them to you in the full and confident belief that you will render our section of the State all the protection in your power. We have asked for forces to be stationed there that the people may not be taken by surprise, and that they may be made to feel more easy than they now do. We feel that you will not fail to give us that protection which our exposed condition demands. In conclusion we say, if you deem it not inconsistent with your duty, appoint both Mr. Humphrey and Mr. Tucker, two as good, true, and reliable men as the State can produce.

Yours, truly,

C. V. ESKRIDGE,

Senator from Lyon County.

R. H. ABRAHAM,

Representative from Lyon County.

WM. MARTINDALE,

Representative from Greenwood County.

J. R. SWALLOW,

Auditor of State.

F. R. PAGE,

Representative from Lyon County.

JACOB STOTLER,

Speaker of House.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., March 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that no information of importance has reached this office from the enemy's lines to-day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton.)

PLAQUEMINE, March 10, 1865.

(Received 3. 45 p. m.)

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Southern Division of Louisiana:

One of my special scouts has returned. Reports no enemy, except Brown's command, between the Atchafalaya and Grossetete, below Doctor Cambell's residence, near Rosedale. The picket at the old mill has been withdrawn, on account of high water. My scout on the east side reports all quiet as far out as Bayou Paul. The inhabitants disloyal. On the night of the 8th instant I sent fifteen of the Independent Scouts, dressed in Confederate uniform, to Rickens' plantation, four

