
miles below Bayou Goula, to catch Captain Brown, who was reported to be there with ten men. The plan failed, owing to the interference of a party of our troops from Donaldsonville who had been up there during the day. The disguise of the scouts deceived the inhabitants completely, and they obtained considerable information of Brown's operations. The scouts report that Brown is harbored and fed by Rickens, Randolph, and Stone, who are the meanest rebels.

J. H. SYPHER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, March 10, 1865.

Captain W. B. RATLIFF, C. S. Army:

DEAR SIR: Your communication of February 28, addressed to Captain Donnelly, reached me through Mr. Barrow a few days since. I is but proper you should know that the men engaged in jayhawking and plundering on the west bank of the Mississippi claim to belong to the Confederate Army and to commit these acts by orders, and when captured by our forces claim the rights of the prisoners of war. I am glad to know that you repudiate them and denounce their conduct. All they can do can have no possible effect upon the final result of this war, and is nothing more nor less than murdering and robbing women and children. For the purpose mentioned in your letter I will agree to the following arrangement: That no Federal troops shall go or be sent into that section of country north of Bayou Plaquemine and south of Morganza outside of one mile for each of these posts for ten days, commencing March 16, 1865, and that during this time you will clean that section of country of jayhawkers and guerrillas, it being definitely understood that the levee contractors and workmen are not to be disturbed, and that a no persons in this district are to be conscripted and carried off. Any jayhawkers that fall into my hands in the future will receive the proper penalty for such acts and without any unnecessary delay. Will you let me know at once whether the above arrangement is accepted?

Very respectfully,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., March 10, 1865.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions I left this city on the 19th of February, 1865, with a letter addressed to Major General J. B. Magruder, Camden, Ark. I had an escort of one noncommissioned officer and ten men of the Third U. S. Cavalry. Traveling with the flag was Mrs. Dr. J. T. Scott, her two children, Miss E. A. Dean, and Mrs. Allred. I took the road to Washington, Ark., believing General Magruder near there. I saw a few Confederate soldiers on the road, who seemed to be patrolling it. I met with no hindrance from them, but on the contrary every courtesy. I was informed that I would have to cross the Ouachita River at Easley's Ferry, which is some fifteen miles above Arkadelphia, to which point I directed my march, and on my arrival there on the 21st I found, if I crossed, I would have

72 R R--VOL XLVIII, PT I

