
to wait for the streams on the other side of the Ouachita to fall before I could proceed to Caddo River, at which point I was told I would meet a Confederate picket. I crossed the Ouachita on the 25th and proceeded to the Caddo River, five miles from Arkadelphia, where I was met by Captain McCabe, commanding the outpost, to whom I delivered the letter to General Magruder, taking his receipt for it. I also gave him two packages marked, respectively," I was told I would have to await to hear if General Magruder would receive the flag and the ladies accompanying it. His answer came on the 28th, and putting the ladies, excepting Mrs. Allred, in charge of Captain McCabe, to be taken to Arkadelphia, I started on my return. Mrs. Allred having obtained her child for which she had gone, she returned with me. I crossed the Ouachita that evening and had no further detention until my arrival at the Saline, which I found very high. I waited there until my rations were up, and on the morning of the 6th I crossed by swimming my teams and escort, and that evening reached my camp at Little Rock. With the exception of the water I found the roads good after passing our pickets, both going and returning. In conclusion, I would state that I was treated with attention and courtesy during the whole trip.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. TILFORD,

Captain, Third U. S. Cavalry, Commanding Flag of Truce.

CAMP MORTON, March 10, 1865. *

Colonel CLAYTON:

SIR: We arrived at this place on the 7th and have since been actively engaged in scouting. Lieutenant McCracken and twenty-five men had a skirmish with about sixty rebels five miles from here. He drove them two miles, when they made a stand at a bridge and prevented him going any farther. We lost one man killed and the rebels one. If we are to stay here any length of time, I wish you would send us a surgeon and some medicine. No enemy close. Reports say there is a regiment about thirty miles from here, on Bartholomew Mayou.

MARK McCauley,

Major.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, Ark., March 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

I have recommended several permits for supply stores at this place, particularly provisions and family supplies. Every dollar's worth brought here will relieve the Government, and I hope transportation will be allowed when it can be done without interfering with the interests of the Government. Many prominent loyal men here have ordered supplies from Saint Louis for their family use, with the understanding that they would be furnished transportation from Devall's Bluff to this place. It will be impossible for the commissary department to sell all the stores required, and I hope private stores for use of families will be sent forward as fast as they arrive.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Void; correct date should be March 10, 1864.

---------------

