HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., March 10, 1865.

Brigadier-General BUSSEY,

Commanding Fort Smith:

GENERAL: It is report at these headquarters that some companies, said to be organized by authority from Colonel La Rue Harrison, are committing outrageous depredations in the vicinity of Fayetteville. You will direct Colonel Harrison to submit to you immediately the rolls of all citizen companies authorized by him, together with the conditions of their enrollment. You will forward to these headquarters with the least possible delay the names of the commanding officers, with your recommendation for approval or disapproval. No more such companies will be authorized, except by authority from department headquarters or from yourself, as indicated in letter of instructions to you from this office of February 14, 1865.

By command of Major-General Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, Ark., March 10, 1865.

Colonel W. A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Third Brigade, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 8th instant is received. General Orders, Numbers 11, was issued for the benefit of several thousand persons in the vicinity of this place and Van Buren who are in a starving condition, everything in the country having been destroyed. The demand on us here is so great that may persons here will not be able to receive any assistance from the Government. It will be impossible for me to procure supplies sufficient to feed our army and the very large number of refugees and citizens who are now destitute. My object is to help as far as possible all who will help themselves, and in this way enough can be raised to supply the people. I would be glad to extend the provisions of the order to such persons within the limits of your command as in your judgment are entitled to assistance, but fear it is impracticable to do so to a very great extent. I have not more than four months; supply here now, and am urging the commissary and quartermaster's departments to send me supplies for one year, if possible, on this water. I will forward your communication to General Reynolds, with a letter urging him to send you some supplies for refugee Indians, if possible. Until we are certain to receive full supplies you will have to husband what you already have.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG, Numbers 56. Vicksburg, Miss., March 10, 1865.

* * *

II. The Sixty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry having reported to these headquarters per Special Orders, Numbers 44, paragraph 10, headquarters

