
[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF DONALDSONVILLE,February 18, 1865.

Respectfully transmitted with reference to indorsement of General Cameron.

By command of Colonel W. O. Fiske:

LEONIDAS R. HALL,

Post Adjutant.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT 16TH INDIANA MOUNTED INFANTRY,Donaldsonville, La., February 18, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at a personal interview with Colonel Fiske on the evening of February 14, I received verbal instructions from him to proceed immediately on a scout to Doctor Martin's plantation, as he had received a telegraph reporting a rebel force in that vicinity. At 10 p. m. I started with F and K Companies of this detachment, numbering fifty-five men. At the mouth of Doctor Martin's lane we discovered a party of rebels. Gave chase for about four miles still they scattered in the swamps and our horses were badly deep in the water. Four horses were hitched in lane near the Bayou, concealed by bushes. We captured 7 horses and equipments, 2 shotguns, and 1 prisoner. Our loss was 1 horse (leg broken by shot). Returning toward the Bayou we encountered a person who alleged he was a citizen, whom I arrested. The information gleaned amounted to this: Captain Whittington, Captain Dunn, and Lieutenant Fox, with 100 men, crossed Bay Natchez February 12; were encamped at Bay Pierre Pass; that fifty men were present with Captain Whittington in the lane that night. I do not believe there were a third of that number. We carefully searched the houses and sugar mills in that vicinity and found nothing. On returning from the swamps the adjutant of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry reported Colonel Sayles and three companies of that regiment half a mile below, on the Bayou road. Reached camp at 4 a. m. February 15.

Very respectfully,

J. R. S. COX,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant L. R. HALL,

Post Adjutant.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT 16TH INDIANA MOUNTED INFANTRY,Donaldsonville, La., February 18, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to special orders from post headquarters, Donaldsonville, La., to proceed to Bayou Goula for the purpose of scouting in that vicinity, with F and K Companies, and detachment of B Company, numbering seventy men total, I started at 4 p. m. February 17 up the river road. Upon reaching the lane at Saggle's from plantation I halted and rested one hour, feeding a squadron at a time. Citizens informed me that King, Williams, and Brown were back of Bayou Goula with 150 men. I did not credit it, however. Proceeding through the lane three miles to Richland's plantation, found nothing. Thence through the swamps, where my command occupied one hour in crossing one mud hole, t

