
Department of Arkansas, of date February 18, 1865,, are hereby assigned to the command of Brigadier General J. A. Maltby, and will report for orders.

* * *

IV. The Fifty-third U. S. Colored Infantry having reported to these headquarters per Special Orders, Numbers 44, paragraph 10, headquarters Department of Arkansas, of date February 18, 1865, are hereby assigned to the command of Brigadier General J. A. Maltby, and will report for orders.

* * *

By order of Brigadier General M. L. Smith:

LEW. DORLAN,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 10, 1865.

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

The Secretary of War has directed the raising of two additional regiments from rebel prisoners for service in your command. The Provost-Marshal-General will give the proper instructions.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 10, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit inclosed a list of officers* appointed in the two regiments of rebel deserters organized at Rock Island. These two regiments are now on the plains. This list is submitted for the approval of the Secretary of War, and it is respectfully requested that if approved commissions be issued accordingly. It is proper for me to state that it has been exceedingly difficult to find suitable officers for thee regiments, on account of its term of service (eight months), and accordingly many of the officers on this list have been detailed from regiments serving in the division. It is hoped that they may be commissioned and paid according to their grades, so long as they serve in that capacity with the regiments. I have the honor to ask authority to re-enlist these two regiments for another year's service, with the understanding that at its expiration they will be discharged on the plains. They will contribute largely to the mining population of the Territories and will no doubt do well if scattered through these regions. They are in excellent discipline and well drilled, and they have passed through Iowa and Kansas better behaved than any troops on hand. If their reorganization is authorized all the officers detailed for service with them with give up their commissions in their old regiments for promotion in these new regiments.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

