
cases and General Ewing published a general order distributing contraband horses judiciously among the plundered people. Surely, if proper to thus reimburse a citizen no soldier battling in the brush should be overlooked in the distribution of such favors. I desire the commanding general to confirm my action in the premises, if he deems it right; if not, to order me to take up the stock, and it will be speedily done. I will have no captured or contraband stock smoke on my garments, officially or personally.

I am, major, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CLINTON BL FISK,

Brigadier-General.

FORT SCOTT, KANS., March 10, 1865.

HENRY M. ATKINSON,

Deputy Provost-Marshal, Brownsville, Nebr. Ter.:

The two young Marchbanks are the worst sort of bushwhackers. The old man is not. Bill Marchbanks is as bad as Quantrill. The others, I suspect, belong to some band under other names. Please arrest all but the old man, and if possible send here. Descriptions sent by mail. Iron them heavily, as no guard-house will hold them.

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel Fourteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

FORT KEARNY, March 10, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

Indians attacked a party of soldiers near Platte Bridge, 130 miles west of Fort Laramie; killed 1 soldier and captured 1 Government wagon. Indians are said to be concentrating there.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General.

FORT KEARNY, March 10, 1865-1. 50 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

Nothing heard from Sixteenth Kansas. Eleventh Kansas is halfway from here to Cottonwood to-night. One company of Nebraska troops left Julesburg for Fort Laramie. No new demonstrations from Indians.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,March 10, 1865-8. 10 p. m.

Colonel POTTER,

Fort Leavenworth:

Following dispatch forwarded for your information:

FORT KEARNY, March 10, 1865-1. 50 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

It will be necessary for the purpose of supplying the troops in the district with subsistence and forage to send it direct from Leavenworth. Our transportation is such that it will be impossible to keep up the supply. There is subsistence enough

