
for sixty-five days and only forty days' forage. Fort Laramie for the present should be the base of supplies. I am using very effort to get all the corn in the country, but the instance is so great and corn so scarce I am fearful the supplies cannot be furnished without assistance from Fort Leavenworth direct. Additional supplies should be immediately started from Leavenworth to Fort Laramie to insure success. I will make [no] delay in starting the expedition on arrival of the balance of troops, unless otherwise ordered. Stages are running regularly westward.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Send forage to Laramie and other points where needed, to keep up the supply.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA,, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, March 10, 1865.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: In accordance with my previous practice of forwarding copies of dispatches of interest received from the different parts of this district for the information of the major-general commanding the department, I have the honor to transmit herewith copy of a dispatch from Major Brown, special agent, to the commander of Fort Wadsworth, dated 28th ultimo, giving a detail of the location of the camps of Yanktonnais and Tetons on or near the James River. These camps are within a distance of 80 or 100 miles from the post mentioned, and as the buffalo are represented as abundant, it is probable the number of Indians will be increased rather than diminished in that region. The concentration of so many, too say the least, unreliable savages may require on my part a somewhat different disposition of the forces in this district from what has hitherto formed my general programme for the spring. You will notice that active means are being taken by the commandant of Fort Wadsworth, in accordance with the orders given him, to clear the Indian camp composed of Sisseton Sioux of improper characters, booth white men and half breeds, who visit it for purposes of trade, and do a great deal of mischief.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL MILITARY AGENCY,

Fort Wadsworth, Dak. Ter., February 28, 1865.

Captain A. S. EVEREST,

Commanding Post:

SIR: There have been some changes in the location of the western bands of Sioux during the month that may have an important bearing upon the Indian policy recently promulgated. The buck (Mdoka), a Yanktonnais chief, who formerly planted on the James near the mouth of the Snake River, with from 150 to 200 lodges, is encamped at Oak Grove, on the east side of the James. There are also sixty lodges of Uncpapa and other small bands of Tetons encamped at the same place. There is also a camp of annuity Yanktons on the Snake River. They are preparing to return to their reservation near Fort Randall. There are also over 100 lodges of Tetons coming in from the Forked Butte

