
to the James River, probably to the Oak Grove. There is also a camp on the Missouri Coteau near the head of the Elm River, supposed to be Yanktonnais, but neither the number of lodges nor their destination has been ascertained. The camp is said to be a large one. Exclusive of this last camp there will be encamped on the James River this spring from 300 to 350 lodges of various bands of Indians who surrendered themselves last summer and fall to the military authorities at Fort Rice and Fort Sully. Their hunting grounds extend from the Missouri River to this Coteau. They are governed in their locations by the movement of the buffalo, upon which they are dependent for subsistence. The present Sisseton and scouts' camp, located on the James, is not included in this estimate. I learn from a scout that arrived yesterday from the camp at the mouth of the Elm River that the recent storms have driven the buffalo to the river flats in vast numbers. They extend down the James to the Snake River, and are killed in large numbers on the Elm river and near the Oak Grove. I have reliable information that two men from Fort Abercrombie are located in the Oak Grove camp of surrendered Indians for the purpose of trade. They have been there some ten or twelve days, and on Friday last one of them returned to Abercrombie for another supply of goods and for horses to haul away the furs and peltries they have purchase. In addition to the usual assortment of goods they carried to the camp a keg of liquor, which was disposed of to the Indians. From the description of the keg I should judge it would contain about ten gallons. One, at least, of these men was with Quinn when he was prohibited by the commanding officer of this post from continuing on a trading expedition to the James. Knowing, therefore, that if he passed within the vicinity of this post he would be prohibited from trading in this sub-district, he passed across the Coteau by the lake, where the enemy swims, some twenty miles south of this post. These men are violating several of the express provisions of the instructions of the major-general commanding the department: First, the surrendered Indians will be "encouraged at all times to establish their camps in the vicinity of any of the outer posts, and to trade at the post with persons duly authorized to trade with them. " Second, "no white man whatever will be allowed to visit them except by special permit in each case from the district commander. " Third, "no Indian trader will be permitted too locate himself in the camps of these Indians," &amp;c.

The tenor of these instructions look directly to the carrying on of all trade with the Indians it the immediate vicinity of military posts where the Indians may be protected in their intercourse with the traders, as well as to protect authorized traders from depredations on the part of the Indians. The location of these men in the surrendered Indian camp is brought to your notice that you may take such measures in reference thereto as you may deem proper under your instructions. If you desire to take them into custody, a small force sent to the Oak Grove camp will suffice too take them while there with all the evidences of their guilt around them. In a short time they will have removed, as they know information of their location and business has reached this post. The trip to Oak Grove and back will occupy four or five days. Four to six men from your command will be ample for the expedition. The can be accompanied by scouts from the James River camp. The Sissetons that were encamped on the James have been permitted to move temporarily up the Elm River to facilitate their hunting; a few of the scouts accompanied them. Gabriel Renville with the remainder of the scouts remained at the old camp. The old men and women and most of the baggage of the Sissetons also remained at the James River

