
camp. The scouts specially attached to this agency have been employed getting out timber, &amp;c., for ice-house, providing food, hauling hay, &c., except Paul Maza-ka-te-mannee, who has been used in carrying messages, gathering information, &c. The succession of violent storms during the month has very much retarded work of all kinds. The other scouts on duty at this post have been employed in the transportation of the mail between this post and Fort Abercrombie. One of them keeps the station at the edge of the Coteau, with instructions to take the place of any one who may become, through sickness or other cause, unable to complete the trip. Six are employed between this post and the stockade at Twin Lakes, and four between the stockade and Fort Abercrombie. Even with this distribution and the weather we have had, the service is severe. During the month the mail has been carried semi-weekly with commendable regularity, there being but one instance of delay beyond the regular time, and that was caused bu delay in the arrival of the mail at Abercrombie, and a severe storm that caused the carriers to lay over at the stockade. A few days since three Red River half-breeds arrived here, on their way to the James River camp for the purpose, as they stated, of searching for lost horses. I forbade their visiting the camp, but obtained description of the horses and such other information in regard to their loss as the men were prepared too furnish, and yesterday morning sent Paul Maza-ka-te-mannee to the James River camp with instructions to Gabriel Renville to examine into the matter, and if the horses were in the camp to send them up by Paul, with a report of all the circumstances connected with their possession by the Indians. I also directed if he found that either of the horses had been stolen to send up the guilty party. I have received no information in regard to the Sissetons at Devil's Lake during the month.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. BROWN,

Major and Special Military Agent.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 70. New Orleans, La., March 11, 1865.

* * *

3. Captain S. S. Rockwood, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty in this city, and will report without delay to Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Hinsdill, chief commissary of the division.

* * *

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 23. New Orleans, March 11, 1865.

The regulation heretofore published by Mr. W. P. Mellen, general agent, Treasury Department, in relation to freedmen and labor, not having been recognized by the Secretary of the Treasury, the following orders are prescribed for the hiring and government of laborers within the State of Louisiana:

HOME COLONIES.

1. The home colonies, already established by orders from these headquarters, are hereby continued under said orders.

