
SUPERINTENDENCY.

2. Mr. Thomas W. Conway, as superintendent, with such assistants as he may designate, will be obeyed and respected by all persons in the discharge of their respective duties.

REGISTRY Of PLANTATIONS.

3. The system of registry of plantations, as prescribed in Mr. Mellen's regulations and the military orders in relation thereto, will continue and be in force as therein required.

HIRE AND COMPENSATION OF LABORERS.

4. Voluntary contracts heretofore made between planters and laborers, or which hereafter may be made, will be submitted to the superintendent of freedmen, and if found by him to be fair and honest to the laborers, will be by him confirmed and approved, and stand as the contact of the parties thereto for the present year. But all such contracts must secure support, maintenance, clothing, and medical attendance to the laborer.

5. The following schedule will be observed in all other cases as the rule required by the Government. In addition to just treatment, wholesome rations, comfortable clothing, quarters, fuel, and medical attendance, and the opportunity for instruction of children, the planter shall pay to the laborer as follows: Male hands, first class, $10 per month; second class, $8 per month; third class, $6 per month. Female hands, first class, $8 per month, second class, $6 per month; third class, $5 per month. Boys under fourteen, $3 per month; girls under fourteen, $2 per month. These classes will be determined by merit and on agreement between the planters and the laborers.

6. Engineers, foremen, and mechanics will be allowed to make their own contracts, but will always receive not less than $5 per month additional to first-class rates.

7. One-half of the money wages due will be paid quarterly, as follows: On the 1st day of May, August, and November, and final payment of the entire amount then due on or before the 31st day of January.

PENALTIES.

8. Wages for the time lost will be deducted in case of sickness, and both wages and rations where the sickness is feigned for purposes of idleness; and in cases of feigned sickness, or refusal to work according to contract, when able so to do, such offender will be reported by the provost-marshal to the superintendent and put upon forced labor on public works without pay. The laborers must understand that it is their own interest to do their work faithfully, and that the Government, while it will protect and sustain them against ill treatment, cannot support those who are capable of earning an honest living by industry.

9. Laborers will be allowed and encouraged to choose their own employers, but when they have once selected they must fulfill their contract for the year, and will not be permitted to leave their place of employment (except in cases where they are permitted so to do for just reasons, by the authority of the superintendent), and if they do so leave without cause and permission they will forfeit all wages earned to the time of abandonment and be otherwise punished, as the nature of the case may require.

