HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,New Orleans, La., March 11, 1865.

Colonel J. H. SYPHER,

Commanding at Plaquemine, La.:

Brigadier-General Sherman directs me to inform you that your telegram of March 10 is unsatisfactory. The point your particular attention was called to in the telegram of the 6th instant was what the enemy were doing on the Atchafalaya, and particularly to look about the lower crossing or ferry. If it is not positively ascertained whether the enemy are on the Atchafalaya or not, you will ascertain it and report. The operations of the scouts need not be limited to the Atchafalaya; send them far beyond if practicable. Acknowledge receipt.

P. J. MALONEY,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PLAQUEMINE, March 11, 1865.

(Received 6. 05 p. m.)

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Southern Division of Louisiana:

Your telegram of to-day is received. My special scout who was on the lower Atchafalaya reports no enemy but Brown's company of scouts and couriers. He reports the back country overflowed and impassable. The company of Independent Scouts are worthless for the service designated in Brigadier-General Sherman's dispatch of the 6th instant. They have not confidence. I have employed one white man and two intelligent negroes that I believe are trustworthy. I am much embarrassed for the want of good maps. There is not one at this post of the back country. The scouts and a detachment of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry are now out. I will report as soon as heard from.

J. H. SYPHER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

NEW ORLEANS, March 11, 1865.

General HERRON:

Please order General Bailey too report to General Canby at Fort Gaines as early as possible. General Davis can replace him.

By order of General Hurlbut:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 38. Baton Rouge, La., March 11, 1865.

I. In obedience to instructions from headquarters Department of the Gulf, Brigadier General Joseph Bailey is hereby relieved from command of the District of Baton Rouge. He will turn over the official papers and records of the district to his successor and report without delay to Major General E. R. S. Canby, at Fort Gaines, Ala. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

II. Brigadier General E. J. Davis will turn over the command of the Cavalry Brigade to the senior officer therein, and will at once assume command of the District of Baton Rouge, relieving Brigadier-General Bailey.

By command of Major-General Herron:

WM. H. CLAPP,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

