
plantation, where I had been informed that Captain Brown and seven men were secreted. Surrounded and searched the house, capturing one prisoner, arms, and horse. Thence we marched to Hartman's plantation, where found no sign of rebels. Learning that the roads through the swamps to the Bayou Goula road were impassable, I retraced my steps, coming out to the river road through Randolph's plantation. Entered Bayou Goula at a gallop. I threw a chain of sentinels around the town and searched for rebels, but found none. We then proceeded five miles down the Bayou Goula road to Ventress' plantation. Captain Brown and seven men had been there at sunset. returning through Bayou Goula to Randolph's plantation, we fed and rested. Returned to camp about 4 p. m. February 18, having traveled an estimated distance of sixty miles. From the best information I learn that King was not in that vicinity. Brown's command is small, numbering about twenty, but effective. Williams' command numbers about thirty. The prisoners captured have his name as Smart, private, Captain Brown's company, Seventeenth Arkansas. An old negro informed us that the prisoner's name was Joseph Green, and rank lieutenant. He was one of the squad that obtained whisky from the Ben Franklin while lying lately at Reed's plantation. I am greatly indebted to First Lieutenant Bahncke, First Louisiana Volunteer Infantry, and to Captain Macklin, Sixteenth Indiana mounted Infantry, for aid and information in regard to the country. I regret to add that the family of Mr. Thompson claim to have lost, on the night of the 17th, the following articles: One silver cake basket, 1 silver waiter, 1 fine gold watch, 3 blankets, 1 papier-mache cigar stand, 2 guns, 1 1/2 dozen large silver spoons, 1 dozen silver teaspoons, 1 dozen silver forks, 1 pack playing cards, napkins, and table cloths. I gave orders that nothing should be molested about the premises, placed a guard in the room where most of these articles lay on the sideboards, and cleared the room as quickly as possible. I have found the pack of playing cards and one blanket. The other two were Government blankets, and were taken by my orders. One of the guns was broken; the other is in possession of Colonel Fiske. Of the other articles, if in possession of my men, I have not been able to ascertain their whereabouts after a most through search.

Very respectfully,

J. R. S. COX,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant L. R. HALL,

Post Adjutant.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS POST OF DONALDSONVILLE,February 19, 1865.

Approved and respectfully forwarded.

I am having a thorough examination made to ascertain the guilty parties in the robbery of Mr. Thompson' house, and shall take every method to have them brought to punishment. I think no blame can be attached to Captain Cox, as he took every means to prevent it. Expecting to find quite a number of the enemy in the house, he was in charge of the men outside, and knew nothing of the robbery until the next morning.

W. O. FISKE,

Colonel First Louisiana Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

