
engaged in farming, I issued General Orders, Numbers 11. Instead of 1,000, as represented to you, I find 5,000 persons here who desire to avail themselves of the privilege of purchasing from the Government, and nearly all are preparing to cultivate some land. There are 200 families, nearly 1,000 persons, connected with the Second Arkansas Infantry, while the First Infantry, First and Second cavalry, and first Arkansas Battery are almost equally as strong. Besides, there are many Arkansas men in other regiments whose families are here. Nearly all these people, besides a large number of citizens, are destitute and suffering, and without assistance from the Government will starve. While the Arkansas regiments remain here these people cannot be sent away, and as the troops have not been paid for a great length of time they have nothing to buy with. To meet the wants of these people and insure supplies for out troops at least 2,000,000 rations are required here. The ground is full of water, and I think the river will remain navigable for some time yet, and I hope to receive all the supplies required. The people in the country in every direction are reported in a starving condition, and I am constantly being appealed to for aid in their behalf, which I have rendered as far as in my power. The presence of such as large number of suffering people with the troops of this command is very embarrassing and destroys the efficiency of the troops to a great extent. I will compel everybody to work who remains here, and hope enough can be raised to supply the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, Ark., March 11, 1865.

Colonel W. A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, Fort Gibson, C. N.:

I forwarded to you by last messenger a communication from General Reynolds requesting you to report at Little Rock in person as soon as possible, to confer with him in reference to the muster out of the Indian Brigade, I presume you will be down within a very few days. I am going to send a train to Little Rock within four or five days to turn over to the chief quartermaster of the department. The river is now falling, but I expect will soon be up again. Am expecting boats every day.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,March 11, 1865- 11. 55 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Dodge informs me that a regiment can be recruited from prisoners of war at Alton. By doing so we get rid oft he whole question of "galvanized Yankees" and of conscripts made by Price and captured from him. It will be well to do this, and I recommend it.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

