
PATTERSON, March 11, 1865.

Colonel J. L. BEVERIDGE:

Captain Leeper has returned. he was within twelve miles of Doniphan. It is said that 200 rebels are at Doniphan, but he does not think it so. He thinks that they are trying to collect their forces and the citizens so as to attack Patterson. They killed tow noted guerrillas on Little Black River, viz, Dick Graham and Green Meadows. The captain has twelve men.

JAMES SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Post.

PATTERSON, MO., March 11, 1865.

Colonel BEVERIDGE,

Pilot Knob:

SIR: I have just received reliable information that Johnson was on the South Fork of Little Black collecting his men on 7th instant; object not known.

JAS. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Post.

PATTERSON, MO., March 11, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

DEAR GENERAL: I would most respectfully submit the following report and suggestions to you: There are 300 or 400 rebels in the Cherokee Bay. They have been very busy in collecting men and supplies for some time past, and some eight or ten came in three miles of this place and took off four horses three nights ago. The stock is all run down at this post, so they could not head a cow, so I have not tried to catch the rebels, but to ascertain where they were; and I think the rebels will get worse till there is a change in the manner or mode of scouting. So far as I can learn all our scouts go on the highway, so the rebels have nothing to fear if they will keep in the bush. If you will give me twenty- five men, well mounted, with the Spencer rifle, I will learn the rebs that I can travel through the woods, and after night at that; and I will guarantee to you that I will keep you posted if it is possible for any men to. You will also find a letter from Captain Leeper inclosed. *

I remain, your most obedient servant,

W. J. MORRIS.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., March 11, 1865.

Colonel HARDING:

I sent out a scout of dismounted men this morning. They will operate in the vicinity and east and southeast of Lone Jack, and will be out several days. They went out with the forage train and will endeavor to conduct their movements so as to be as little observed as possible.

A. W. MULLINS,

Major.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

73 R R- VOL XLVIII, PT I

