
MACON, March 11, 1865.

Major-General DODGE, Saint Louis:

I have but this day received my commission as major- general of Missouri Militia. Will not accept it till I confer with you. The Government have heretofore sanctioned the holding of the two commissions by general officers. General McClellan was brigadier- general of volunteers and major- general of Ohio militia; Cadwallader, the same in Pennsylvania; Halleck, Schofield, Curtis, and Rosecrans were all of them commissioned major- generals of militia by the governor of this State. It is my opinion the convention will pass an ordinance immediately emancipating the office of major- general of militia.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-Geenral.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,March 11, 1865- 2. 05 p. m.

Brigadier General CLINTON B. FISK, Macon:

You cannot hold a commission and do duty as major- general of militia and as brigadier- general of volunteers. Government will not sanction it. One or the other will have to be vacated.

G. M. DODGE,

Major- General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., March 11, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your telegram on this date, stating that I could not hold a commission as Brigadier- general of volunteers and major- general of Missouri Militia at the same time; that the Government would not sanction it, and that I must vacate one or the other. I had not received my commission from Governor Fletcher until this date, but had assumed the duty as a major- general of militia so far as inaugurating the new enrollment. Do not consider myself in active service as a militia general, and will not accept the commission if its acceptance is to the prejudice of my commission as brigadier- general of volunteers, I had not supposed the Government would make objections to the holding of a militia commission by an officer of volunteers who might be, as I now am, on duty in his own State. Heretofore I know it has been allowed in many instances. Morgan, of New York,, held both; Dix now does; McClellan did in Ohio; Cadwallader in Pennsylvania, and General Halleck, Schofield, Curtis, and Rosecrans were all commissioned major- general of Missouri Militia. It is quite probable that the State convention will abolish the office of major- general of militia. In any event, I will assume no command of militia in active service until organized and turned over to you for service. Will their be any objection to my giving some attention to the enrollment and organization and to the proper selection of officers for the new militia regiments! I will be governed by your views in the case.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

