
commanding the Army of the Cumberland for assignment to duty. The general commanding the Department of New Mexico takes this occasion to express his warmest thanks for the efficient and judicious manner in which General Crocker has conducted the affairs pertaining to the important post of Fort Sumner and to the reservation at the Bosque Redonda with its 9,000 captive Indians, a duty which required an exercise of great judgment, moderation, firmness, and forecast, and a duty which has been performed in such a manner as not only to give the utmost satisfaction to those connected professionally with the military affairs of that post and of the department, but to win the affectionate regard of the Indians themselves, who are there receiving their first impressions of civilization and their first lessons in the art, literally, of earning their bread by the sweat of their brow. General Crocker carries with him to the new field of duty to which he has been called the earnest wishes on the part of the comrades he leaves behind, not only that he will be soon restored to health, but have an opportunity to add renewed luster to his already brilliant reputation as a soldier.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier- General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 12, 1865.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD, Chief Quartermaster:

The reports from Morganza intimate an overflow. Boats must be sent there and kept until the danger is past. You had a telegram some days since from the quartermaster giving the capacity required. Your immediate attention is required to this.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 12, 1865.

Major-General HERRON, Baton Rouge:

Your dispatch in regard to Morganza is received. The quartermaster has orders to furnish boats. If there is serious danger of a break, ammunition, stores, and men will be sent to Port Hudson. I dislike to abandon the fort except upon manifest necessity. The fort may stand, notwithstanding the overflow. Remove all sick and hospitals first, and as soon as you consider necessary.

S. A . HURLBURT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 12, 1865.

Major- General HERRON, Baton Rouge:

There are no boats here available for Morganza. Colonel Holabird has directed the quartermaster there to stop the Diana. If the danger is imminent, McKean or yourself must seize boats.

S. A . HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.

