
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., March 12, 1865.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding District of West Tennessee, Memphis:

Herewith I inclose copy of a letter* to me, dated March 4, from the headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, by which you will see that the following cavalry regiments were ordered with all possible dispatch to New Orleans to report to Major- General Grierson, to wit:

Fourth Illinois, Eleventh Illinois, FIRST Iowa, Second Wisconsin, Eleventh New York, and Twelfth Illinois. This order has been to Memphis and back here again, and owing to that unavoidable delay I have to request that you will spare no effort to expedite the movement of those troops, in obedience to the orders of the major- general commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi. You will also see that I was ordered to send a regiment to replace the Second New Jersey Cavalry, which has been also ordered to the Gulf. I beg that you will accordingly order the Third United States, with Colonel Osband, to report to me at this place.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANAM,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF MISSISSIPPI,Vicksburg, Miss., March 12, 1865.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland, Nashville:

I beg leave to inclose for your information copy of a letter* of instructions to me form the major- general commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi, dated 4th instant, and of a letter+ from myself to major- General Washburn at Memphis, dated to- day. For fear there may be some delay owing to misunderstandings, I beg you will telegraph to General Washburn an order to send the seven cavalry regiments spoken of with the quickest dispatch according to my letter to him. General Canby's letter to me has been to Memphis since my leaving there and has returned here. This has caused a delay and as General Canby is already himself in the field I fear any further delay may prove serious to him. He has taken all the cavalry in this department except a detachment of 190 men, and has dismounted them and all the light batteries for the purpose of remounting his own regiments. I mention these things merely to show you the pressing need. All the regiments called for from Memphis belong to General Canby's present command, and were sent by him to Memphis for temporary service. There will still remain at Memphis a detachment of the Second Missouri and the Second Arkansas, the Seventh Indiana, First Mississippi Mounted Rifles, and Fifth Illinois.

Very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 12, 1865- 3. 30 p. m.

Major General JOHN POPE:

Referring to your telegram of the 11th, you are hereby authorized by the Secretary of War to recruit a regiment of volunteer infantry from

---------------

*See Christensen to Dana, p. 1087.

+See next, ante.

---------------

