
the prisoners of war at Alton, to serve for three years or during the war. The recruitment, organization, and musters must conform to the requirements of the mustering regulations of the Army. The enlistments and musters will be made under the direction of the commissary of musters, Department of the Missouri, who should have a discreet officer to make the enlistments and musters. The recruits will not be credited to any locality, nor will they receive U. S. or local bounty. Officers will be appointed by the War Department, under regulations hereafter to be communicated. Arms and other supplies will be furnished by the proper supply departments upon your requisition.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DENVER, March 12, 1865.

Major- General DODGE:

No word from General Connor. Can I not have command of expedition against Indians! Can easily be spared for a month.

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 36. Washington, March 13, 1865.

Special order relative to the joint committee to investigate Indian affairs.

Whereas, under a resolution of congress, hereto annexed, a joint Congressional committee was appointed to investigate Indian affairs, composed of Senators J. R. Dolittle, L. S. Foster, and J. W. Nesmith, and Representatives William Windom, A. W. Hubbard, William Higby, and Lewis W. Ross, it is therefore ordered that all commanders of departments, districts, posts, and detachments in the U. S . service furnish the members of the said committee the escorts, protection, assistance, and facilities procuring information with they may require in the prosecution of their duties.

[Public resolution Numbers 29.
A RESOLUTION directing enquiry into the condition of the Indian tribes, and their treatment by the civil and military authorities.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the united States of America in Congress assembled, That there be raised a point committee, to consist of three members of the Sente, to be appointed by the President of the Sente, and four members of the present House, to be appointed by the Speaker of the house of Representatives, to inquire into the present condition of the Indian tribes, and especially into the manner in which they are treated by the civil and military authorities of the united States, with power to sit during the recess of Congress; to send for persons and papers; to employ a clerk; to subpoena or compel the attendance of witnesses; to hear the complaints of Indian chiefs, and examine fully into the conduct of Indian agents and superintendents, and also into the management of the Bureau of Indian Affairs int he Department of the Interior; and to report at the next session of Congress such legislation as may be necessary

