
of the Second 	Brigade of U. S. Colored Troops at this post. The following- named officers will constitute the staff of the brigade until further orders: Captain Frank Morey, Ninety- second U. S . Colored Infantry, acting assistant adjutant- general; First Lieutenant Frederick Davis, Eighty- fourth U. S . Colored Infantry, acting assistant quartermaster. All reports and returns required by existing orders and regulations will be made promptly at the time designated in said orders and regulations.

WM. H. DICKEY,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., March 13, 1865.

Brigadier G en. J. R. WEST,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major- general commanding directs that in carrying out the special orders given you from these headquarters you will make estimates for transfer of horses from cavalry regiments int he department sufficient to fully equip the Third Michigan and Tenth Illinois Cavalry Regiments, now under orders for the field; that you will superintend the forwarding of these troops to New Orleans, La., with the least possible delay, providing transportation for them as directed in orders. You will instruct commanding offices of detachments to stop at Morganza, La., while en route, and telegraph their arrival to Brevet Major- General Grierson, care headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, reporting the numerical strength of their respective detachments, and await orders before proceeding farther.

Very respectfully,

JOHN LEVEING,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 13, 1865.

Major- General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo:

Colonel Leavenworth is of the opinion that nearly all the Indians of the plains will be friendly, if treated in a friendly manner by our troops. None but officers of good judgment and discretion should be allowed to command any expedition into the Indian country.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major- General and chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,March 13 1865- 11. 05 a. m.

General DODGE:

I have just received authority to recruit regiment from Alton on certain conditions, which I will have to talk to you about. There are several things I would like to see you about this morning.

JOHN POPE,

Major- General.

