SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 69. Saint Louis, Mo., March 13, 1865.

1. Colonel John Morrill, Sixty- fourth Regiment Illinois Infantry Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the district of Rolla, relieving Colonel E. C. Catherwood, Thirteenth Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers. Colonel Morrill will at once proceed to Rolla, Mo., and assume command of the district. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for the authorized number of horses.

* * * * *

By command of Major- General Dodge:

J. W . BARNES,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,

Macon, Mo., March 13, 1865.

Captain H. N. COOK,

Company F, Ninth Cav. Missouri State Militia, Columbia, Mo:

CAPTAIN: Your have this day been ordered to Sturgeon to assume command of your regiment. I have sent al of the Ninth that was at this post to Sturgeon. ; not to do post duty at Sturgeon or anywhere else, but to he sent into the brush forthwith on a vigorous, continued, and protracted hunt after Jim Jackson and company. We must take the offensive and take it early against these outlaws. Until Major Leonard returns to the command, you will give director to the movement. Parcel out your men in squads and put them at the work. When they strike a track tell time to follow it day and night until Christmas, if necessary, so that they succeed in the end. Your knowledge of the geography of the country and the topography of the hearts and consciences of the people in the Perche Hills and the Blackfoot country ought to enable you to make a very successful campaign against the villains. You can at the same time push on the organization of the Boone County Rangers, of which I would like You to be made commander. Let You operations extend to Grand River. Stop not short of Jim Jackson's grave, if possibly You can reach it. Keep me posted of all Your movements and mortality list.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DIVISION, MISSOURI MILITIA,Macon, Mo., March 13, 1865.

Colonel SAMUEL P. SIMPSON,

Adjutant-General of Missouri, Jefferson City, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have the honor again to call the attention of the commander- in- chief to certain changes in the district boundaries of this Division. I notice by General Orders, Numbers 10, current series, headquarters State of Missouri, as published in the Missouri Republican on the 11th instant, that this division has been redistricted, giving me four districts. The districts are most admirably arranged, with two exceptions; Chariton should be taken from the Second and Randolph from the Third, and both included in the Fourth, under General Draper. Chariton, Howard, and Randolph Counties constitute the most difficult section to manage there is within the limits of this division, and I am

