
very desirous that the three counties should be under the control of one man. My plan is to organize one militia regiment within the there said counties, and appoint Colonel Denny as its colonel. To restore tranquillity to the section of territory embraced int he three counties named is the most difficult task I have on my hands, and it cannot be done with the local force therein. Nearly every man subject to military duty in said counties is in one army or the other, mostly in the other. The resident population is of the most disloyal character of any and all my rebel constituents. I have failed in my efforts to send out of that region many families who ought not to remain among us. We must expect trouble in that region and prepare for it. I trust His Excellency the Governor will make the boundary changes herein desired, and advise me by telegraph of such changes herein desired, and advise me by telegraph of such change that I may proceed to organize accordingly.

with great respect, Your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier- General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 54. Fort Riley, March 13, 1865.

* * * * *

4. Company G, Second U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with the regiment and will report to the commanding officer Fort Riley for duty.

5. The detachment Third Wisconsin Cavalry under command of Captain Theodore Conkey will proceed without delay to Fort Zarah, reporting his command upon arrival to the commanding officer for duty.

6. Companies C and G, Second Colorado Cavalry, are hereby relieved from duty at Fort Zarah and will report to the commanding officer of Fort Larned for duty.

* * * * * *

By command of Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-Genl.

CITY POINT, VA., March 14, 1865- 3 p. m.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable Edwin M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am very much dissatisfied with General Canby. He as been slow beyond excuse. I wrote to him long since that he could not trust Granger in command. After that he nominated him for ht command of a corps. I wrote to him, too, that he must command the troops going into the field in person. On the 1st of March he is in New Orleans, and does not say a word about leaving there. I would like now to have Steele, as I recommended long since in a dispatch addressed to General Halleck, put in command of the Thirteenth Corps. As soon as Sheridan can be spared I shall want him to supersede Canby, and the latter put in command of the 	Department of the Gulf, unless he does far better in the next few weeks than Y now have any reason to hope for

U. S . GRANT,

Lieutenant -General.

