
purposes and with the powers set forth in the Executive order dated December 10, 1864, and instructions dated December 12, 1864, heretofore furnished You.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT- GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 14, 1865.

Major General W. F. SMITH,

JAMES TO. BRADY, Esq.,

Washington, D. C.,

GENTLEMEN: By direction of the President You are appointed special commissioners to inspect and report upon the condition of affairs in the Military Division of West Mississippi. This inspection and investigation will embrace the condition, discipline, and supplies of the troops of that Division, the operations oft he quartermaster's and other staff departments, and all matters connected with contraband trade. For this purpose You are authorized by the President to take the deposition of any citizen and of any person in the military, naval, or civil service of the united States. You are also authorized to call upon any military or other officer for such reports or statements as You may deem necessary for Your information. YOU will be accompanied and assisted by an officer of the Adjutant- General's Department, who will also act as judge- advocate. He will, upon Your direction, summon the witnesses, administer the oaths, record the testimony, and perform such other appropriate duties as You may require. While employed upon these duties You, and the officers accompanying you, will be allowed commutation for fuel and quarters, to be determined by the Quartermaster- General. Office room and stationery will be furnished by the Quartermaster's Department on proper requisitions. You will from time to time report direct to the Secretary of War, through the Adjutant- General of the Army, the results of Your investigation, recommending for removal, dismissal, or trial such officers as You may find unworthy of their present position or employment. You will give in each case the reasons for such recommendation and copies of the testimony upon which it si based.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D . TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BRAZOS SANTIAGO, TEX., March 14, 1865.

General U. S. GRANT:

GENERAL: In a confidential way I will say that both Slaughter and Ford, with whom I had the interview which forms the subject of my general dispatch* of this date, entered heartily into the Mexican project. It is understood between us that the pacification of Texas is the preliminary step to a crossing of the Rio Grande. In the propositions made to them, a copy of which has been forwarded You, not a word is said about the arms now in the hands of the Confederates. We expect to get their use. Neither can they see any reason why that portion of

---------------

*See sub- inclosure Numbers 1, Dix to Grant, March 28, p. 1276.

---------------

