
which will be brought against me if I can have all my force here, but I am convinced that there will be the same force to contend against this summer that annoyed this command so much last season when there were 8,000 to 10,000 troops here. The guerrillas have already made their appearance, robbing people within one mile of my lines. on the north side of the river they are quite numerous; near Fayetteville two or there parties, each numbering 50 to 100. Major Worthington, First Arkansas Cavalry, was killed in an engagement yesterday eighteen miles from Fayetteville. From deserters who came in to- day I learn that the rebel army on Red River understand that all available forces on this side of the Mississippi have been removed for duty elsewhere and that they will have an easy time capturing the important points on this side the river. The force I now have here is not more than was last summer detailed to guard the trains sent out in any direction. In my opinion, if the troops are in the department to spare, an additional force of infantry and cavalry should be sent here. They will be required here to enable me to drive I cattle, guard trains, and afford some protection to the thousands of people who are colonizing near my posts. Without this additional force I am fully convinced that none of these colonies will accomplish anything, but that their crops when matured will be eaten up and destroyed by rebel bands who will infest the country. WITH my present force I believe it would be better if nothing was planted outside the picket- line at this post. The citizens now occupy every cabin and field within five to ten miles of this place and Van Buren, all of whom expect protection from the Government. The organization of companies for their own protection will amount to nothing. They will be so much scattered that they cannot protect themselves. The people who visit Your headquarters, in their eagerness to obtain some order that will better their condition, fail to give You a correct idea of the condition of the country and the number of women and children who are dependent on the Government. I inclose herewith a statement* showing the sales in ten days to one colony alone. There are three other colonies, besides a large number of persons engaged in other employments, who either want to buy or draw from the commissary. It will be three to four months before these people can raise anything on which to live, and there is absolutely nothing in the country. With the supply of subsistence stores and forage now here it will be impossible to supply the people. I have given my personal attention to this subject ever since I have been in command. No sales are made without my approval and no issues to refugees except to those who are starving. I am not calling for more troops because I fear attacks here, for I shall hold Fort Smith under any circumstances. Excuse this long letter.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, ARK., March 14, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Department of Arkansas:

Captain Harper reported to me to- day from Little Rock with about 100 refugees which he wishes to colonize about fourteen miles below

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

