
viz, Williams and Riddle, one unknown, who on our approach started to run, but Williams was killed and the others wounded, who made their escape in the bluffs and brush. After this affair I prepared to move on down the river and did so, but the Lamars would not go any farther, and on the day following they were seen driving twelve head of cattle up the Little North Fork through a Union settlement. I mention this, as I am reliably informed that these men are in the habit of driving off stock from that county and converting it to their own use. After leaving the cave I went down the river; crossed at the mouth of the Little North Fork at Mr. Yochan's. I learned that there were four rebels up the river four miles, and also three miles down the river there were four others. On agreement with Captain Piland, Forty-sixth Missouri Infantry, I took a few men and went the river, and he took some and went down the river. On arriving at the house where they were reported to be I found two rebels, whom we killed. Captain Piland found two and killed them. I then heard there were eight rebels on the head of Musick's Creek, in Marion County, Ark., near Pine Mountain. I proceed to the place, but found no one there except women and children. I found six rifled guns. The rebels have lately built a drist-mill here, and I think it is a good place to catch a bushwhacker almost any time. This was the 18th instant. I then started back, came to White River, at the mouth of Big Creek, but could not cross, and had to go down to the mouth of the Little North Fork, where I crossed, and proceeded to this place, arriving on the 20th instant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. SALLEE,

Captain Company B, Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers.

Captain WILLIAM T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Southwest Missouri.

FEBRUARY 16-21, 1865. - Scout from Fort Larned, Kans.

Report of Sergt. David C. Nettleton, Second Colorado Cavalry.

FORT ZARAH, KANS., February 21, 1865.

SIR: I have just returned from a scout of six days' duration. Started from Fort Larned on the 16th. Scouted up the North Fork of Pawnee; thence northwest to Walnut Creek; up the South Fork of Walnut Creek to a large body of timber about 120 miles above Fort Zarah; thence down Walnut Creek to this point. No Indians in the country. All signs of war parties from two to four months old. Will proceed to Fort Larned to-morrow, and be governed by orders received heretofore or any awaiting me at that place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. NETTLETON,

Sergeant, Commanding Independent Scouts.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Upper Arkansas.

