
fort. I ordered Captain Campbell to pay the money over to Lieutenant Wilson, post quartermaster at Bloomfield, take his receipt in duplicates for the same, and forward one of the receipts to these headquarters. I authorized Lieutenant Wilson to hire men with the money thus paid him, to keep a roll of all such, and make report to these headquarters of all moneys paid to these men. I herewith inclose a list of the names of all parties who were exempted by me on Captain Campbell's receipts, with the amount they paid Captain Campbell set opposite their names. The receipts I turned over to lieutenant Wilson as a check against any fraud upon the part o Captain Campbell. After getting the work at Bloomfield under full headway, I left there and arrived here on the 13th instant. I trust that my action at Bloomfield will meet with the approval of the general commanding.

I have the honor to be, Your obedient servant,

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sub- District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, March 14, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: There are at this post about 150 destitute refugee families, nearly all women and children. They can only be subsisted here by the Government. If they could be sent to the northern districts, where farms are being worked and such labor of value, I think the greater number of these could obtain homes and support. To discontinue the issue of subsistence, if retained here, would entail much suffering. I have tried to get the county court to establish a county farm for the care of a per centum that would be counted their own poor, but they claim to be bankrupt. I would suggest the sending of the these people under charge of the chaplain of the post to different points in North Missouri, that homes and employment may be found for them. The crippled and blind can be provided for in Saint Louis. A large number of them are the families of soldiers now in our army, or who have died int he service. The removal of them from a military post will be a charity to them and a great saving to the Government.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel Thirteenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 51. Rolla, Mo., March 14, 1865.

1. Colonel Samuel Fallows, commanding Forty- ninth Infantry Wisconsin Volunteers, will detail Company K of his command to proceed at once, with camp and garrison equipage, to Fort Wyman and relieve the detachment of Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry now stationed at that point. The office in command will be instructed to report to the commanding officer post of Rolla. On being relieved by detachment of Forty- ninth Wisconsin Volunteers Captain J. H. Shelly, commanding at Fort Wyman, will report with his command for orders to his regimental commander.

