
for these things, we shall be greatly relieved. If we have responsibility for this state of things we should have the power to correct these abuses when manifest. I am assured that the whole necessary machinery to keep up and assure safety and the exercise of liberty to the people can be maintained for one- third its present cost, and to better satisfaction of all loyal and decent men. If the present state of things continues the cause oft he Government will constantly suffer loss in the estimation of citizens. I pray You, sir, to excuse the directness of this application, and beg of You as the Executive of the nation to indicate to me what course You desire pursued on this very grave and important question.

I am, sir, Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major- General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Fort Gaines, Ala., March 15, 1865.

Bvt. Major General B. H. GRIERSON,

Commanding Cav. Forces, Mil. Div., of West Miss., New Orleans, La.:

SIR: The major- general commanding directs that you send back to Vicksburg without delay such regiments of General Knipe's Division as are not effective for the service required of them in the operations from Mobile Bay. I am further instructed to say that it is intended that the force drawn from General Knipe's division, together with such regiments as You may select from those ordered from Arkansas, Mississippi, and Louisiana, shall not exceed 5,000 effectives, so as to make the entire cavalry force for operations in this neighborhood about 8,000, serving at Barrancas (700). The regiments that are left after You have made You selections will at once be sent back to Memphis and Vicksburg, as they may be needed at those points. It is left for You to decide, according to Your best judgment, how the number to be sent to each of these points shall be apportioned. The surplus cavalry can be used to better advantage at the posts on the east bank of the Mississippi than in the Department of Arkansas, and as the two regiments ordered from that department are said to be strong and well disciplined, it may be best to retain them in any case.

Very respectfully, sir, Your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant- Colonel and Assistant Adjutant- General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, Numbers 3. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, New Orleans, La., March 15, 1865.

I. The Second New Jersey Cavalry, Colonel Joseph Karge commanding, is hereby assigned to the Division commanded by Brigadier General Joseph F. Knipe. Colonel Karge will report in person to General Knipe without delay.

* * * * * *

By order of Bvt. Major General B. H. Grierson:

S. L. WOODWARD,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

