
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHERN DIV. OF LOUISIANA, Numbers 13. New Orleans, March 15, 1865.

I. It having been reported by Major- General Halleck, chief of staff, that the rebel navy is about to operate on the Western Rivers to destroy our river transports, and the attention of these headquarters having been called to this subject, it is hereby ordered that no transport, whether public or private, will hereafter stop at any point on the Mississippi River within the limits of this Division, except at military stations, without the authority of the major- general commanding the Military Division of West Mississippi or that oft he major- general commanding the Department of the Gulf. The master of any public transport who violates this order will be held to a rigid accountability, and the owners of any private transport will not only be debarred of any right to recover damages for the loss or destruction of their property incurred thereby, but the owners, agents, or masters responsible for said violation will also be held as violating the Fifty- sixth Article of War and subject to trial by court- martial.

II. Unarmed transports will not be allowed to incur unnecessary risks of capture or destruction in passing rebel batteries. When there is plausible evidence of danger ahead, transports will fall back to the nearest gun- boat or military post for assistance before proceeding farther on their course, and commanding officers of gun- boats are requested, and commanding officers of military posts on the Mississippi River within this Division are ordered, when called upon, to furnish transports with the necessary guards and assistance to insure their safe conduct.

III. The greatest vigilance is enjoined upon all masters of transports, quartermasters, and commanding officers, to prevent the loss of transportation on the Mississippi River or its tributaries, or its acquisition by the enemy.

By command of Brigadier- General Sherman:

P. J. MALONEY,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,March 15, 1865- 8. 30 p. m.

Brigadier General J. McNEIL,

Warrensburg:

I go to LEAVENWORTH to- morrow and would be glad to see You there or on my return here, as You deem best.

G. M. DODGE,

Major- General.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., March 15, 1865.

His Excellency ISAAC MURPHY,

Governor of Arkansas:

SIR: Your letter of the 23rd ultimo was duly received and the papers and notices sent to members of the legislature as requested. Very little can be done by me just at present in the counties of Carroll, Marion, Newton, and Searcy for want of troops. My territory (seven counties) is too large for the eleven companies stationed in ti, though at present it is impossible for General Bussey to send more. I inclose

