
copy of preamble and resolutions of convention held on the 9th instant in Madison. The same resolutions were unanimously adopted at a convention of citizens of Benton County held on the 13th instant, and the same in substance were unanimously adopted in Washington County on the 4th instant. All these meetings were largely attended; that at Fayetteville by about 1,000 persons, over half citizens; those in Madison by about 500, nearly all citizens, and in Benton by about 200. I have never known anything more enthusiastically taken hold of by our people than is our colony system. The following is the present state of progress:

WASHINGTON COUNTY.

Union Valley Colony, Captain J. R. Rutherford, 112 men; well fortified on a large prairie, and fully organized and armed; will farm extensively; think they can whip 1,000 rebels inside the fort.

Mountain Colony, Captain -- not completely organized; sixty- five men; have a good block- house; expect to raise a large crop. Prairie Colony, Captain George A. Cline, eighty- five men; will be named in a few days.

West Fork Colony, Captain B. Lewis, ninety- five men; armed and fortified; have done some good service against guerrillas; expect a good crop.

Main Fork Colony, only partially enrolled.

Middle Fork Colony, only partially enrolled.

Oxford Bend Colony, only partially enrolled.

Mount Comfort Colony, Captain Shreve, thirty- five men; not yet armed; good location; good land.

Elm Spring Colony, Captain Sanders, thirty- nine men, not yet armed.

Walnut Grove Colony, only partially organized.

BENTON COUNTY.

Bentonville Colony, 100 men, Captain Alfrey (will have 200 men before the month close); have abundance of the best land.

Pea Ridge Colony, about forty men, only partially organized.

MADISON COUNTY.

Huntsville Colony, Captain Bivins, eighty- five men (I believe); a good company, over a year old. About forty of them are kept in the field as rangers and have done excellent service.

War Eagle Colony, Captain Elitle Haynes, ninety- nine men; will farms on War Eagle, near Hawkins' Mill, and at Huntsville.

Richland Colony, Captain Bethel Counts, 109 men; well fortified at Thomas M. Johnson's plantation and are workers in every sense.

Brush Creek Colony, Captain Wilkinson, fifty men; are fortifying at Vaughn's Meeting- House and bid fair to be prosperous.

If I had half a regiment more troops I would soon have from twenty to forty more colonies in the other four counties. As the boat is waiting to leave I must be excused for not giving more full explanations, but will be pleased to do so at some future time.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding.

