
FORT SMITH, ARK., March 15, 1865.

Colonel M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Fayetteville, Ark.:

I fear Your colonies at Bentonville and elsewhere outside of Fayetteville cannot be maintained. Rebel organizations will be formed strong enough to destroy them. I have information which leads me to believe we will have considerable force of the enemy in this part of the country during the summer. If there is any doubt about the colonies being able to maintain themselves they had better be broken up before crops are planted.

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fayetteville, March 15, 1865.

Colonel W. A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Troops:

COLONEL: I have organized fourteen armed and fortified agricultural settlements in Northwest Arkansas, and expect to organize many more. There is one near Rhea's Mills, at Wilson's, numbering 112 armed men, who say no force with small- arms can take them out of their forts. The prospects are that this country will be in a prosperous condition this summer and a large crop will be raised. Complaints a re made to me that the Indians cross the line and drive off cattle and other stock. Mr. West, of Cincinnati, who belongs to the colony at Wilson's, is here this morning. He says they took from his place four head on the 2nd instant. I would respectfully request that You give such orders as will prevent these raids, as all the stock this side of the line will be absolutely required to sustain the union people who belong to the colonies. Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel First Arkansas Cavalry Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Little Rock, Ark., March 15, 1865.

Colonel J. K. MIZNER,

Commanding First Brigade, Cavalry Division:

COLONEL: You will move the Third Michigan and Tenth Illinois Cavalry to the mouth of White River with as little delay as possible. No other transportation nor ambulances will be taken beyond Devall's Bluff other than allowed by General Orders, Nos. 22 and 24, current series, from headquarters military Division. I am informed that subsistence and forage can be procured at mouth of WHITE River. The Third Michigan Cavalry will be provided with horses at the cavalry depot, but there will be a deficiency, and this it is contemplated to supply from Helena. Send, under a good field officer, the detachment remaining without horses to Helena, with orders to follow You down the Mississippi River as soon as mounted. The quartermaster's department is instructed to furnish transportation. From mouth of White River You will proceed with as little delay as possible to Morganza, La. You must reach that point in person with the first detachment. On arriving at Morganza communicate by telegraph with Major- General Grierson, commanding cavalry forces. Tell him of Your position and give him a general idea of when the remainder of the two regiments

