
are likely to reach Morganza. If a response from General Grierson cannot be received by You within twenty- four hours You will release Your steamer transports. A copy of these instructions is herewith furnished to Colonel James Stuart, commanding Tenth Illinois Cavalry. You will direct him to move at once and follow You, and to manage the movement of his regiment upon the same plan. It is my expectation to overtake You at te mouth of White River, or at least at Morganza, but should I fail to do either, Your instructions are complete.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. R. WEST,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 15, 1865.

Major- General DANA:

GENERAL: Upper Louisiana above Red River has lately been added to this department. I have hoped to find time to go up and ascertain its situation, but the movements of troops and other causes detain me. I send You ten copies of my Order, Numbers 23, on the subject of plantations and laborers. Let me request you to give them circulation and to appoint, temporarily, the proper persons in the parishes opposite you. Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major- General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN., March 15, 1865.

(Received 6. 30 p. m. 18th)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Am I under the orders of General Canby, except to furnish troops to keep open the Mississippi!

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major- General.
HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Fort Gaines, Ala., March 15, 1865.

Colonel E. T. SPRAGUE,

Forty- second Wisconsin Volunteers, Commanding, Cairo, Ill:

SIR: I am instructed by the major- general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 6th instant, relating to White refugees, and to state that it has been forwarded with its inclosures to the War Department with the following indorsement:

The retention of refugees at the South will be a serious embarrassment to the military service as well as a heavy burden upon the Army appropriations. The cost of transportation to points where they can obtain employment or be otherwise provided for will be less than the value of the rations that must of necessity be issued to them if they are retained.

Until the pleasure of the Department on this question is known You are requested to continue the course heretofore adopted in regard to these refugees.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant- Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

