HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 15, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

General- in- Chief, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to invite Your attention to my letter of the 6th instant to General Halleck, in relation to an expected raid into Missouri or Kansas by the rebel forces in Southern and Southwestern Arkansas and the Indian country west of Arkansas. All indications point to such a raid, and the son of Sterling Price, who, You will remember, took the amnesty oath and returned to Missouri eighteen months or so ago, called upon General Dodge privately and told him that he considered it a duty to give him information of great importance to the State. Young Price stated that he knew by letters received from his father's headquarters that a raid in force would be attempted early in the spring. He was very anxious to impress this belief upon General Dodge, sating that of course he would be suspected and probably maltreated if such a raid were made, and that he desired to place himself right with the authorities in advance, I do not know what force General Reynolds has in Arkansas, its character, nor how it is disposed; neither do I know what to expect from him in the way of resistance to a movement of the enemy north. It is needless to tell You that Arkansas properly belongs to the defense of Missouri and Kansas. If these States remain under different commands it would seem difficult, if not impossible, to insure co- operation against any such anticipated movement of the enemy. The inaction of Steele during Price's last invasion makes me feel very uncertain what I am to expect from that quarter. I am left in the position of either depending upon Reynolds, whose force I do not know and who is not under my command, or of making all the preparations necessary if he were not in Arkansas at all. Of course, in the latter case I should need many more troops, as is explained in my latter case I should need many more troops, as is explained in my letter of the 6th instant to General Halleck referred to. I beg that You will consider the letter in question and give me Your decision on the matter as early as You can. By te middle of April it is believed that Price will begin his movement if he moves north at all.

I am, general, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 15, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S . GRANT,

General- in- Chief, City Point:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend Lieutenant Colonel Fred. Myers, assistant quartermaster and chief quartermaster of this military division, for the brevet of brigadier in the regular Army. Colonel Myers served during the campaign in Virginia, in 1862, as chief quartermaster of McDowell['s corps, but during the last days of t hat campaign his activity, efficiency, and zeal were so manifest and so essential to the situation that I assigned him to duty as chief quartermaster of the Army of Virginia. In that position he rendered invaluable service during the last days of that campaign, and it is not too much to say that to him more than to any other man the safety of our large army trains was due. His indefatigable and intelligent services secured us from heavy losses of material, and he is eminently entitled to the promotion

