
in this district to make a lieutenant- colonel's command, and I would respectfully recommend that Lieutenant- Colonel Lazear be retained for that service, if it can be legally done. Scouts just arrived report the disappearance of all the guerrillas from the road since their punishment by Harding's men on Saturday. I will keep parties in the brush as long as I remain in the district to hunt these gentry day and night. If the troops are properly seconded by the people the country can be cleared of all trouble early in the season; but all neutrality, whether on farms, in villages, or on railroads, must be put an end to. I forward my resignation by this mail, which I pray You to approve and forward, and I ask as a favor that I may be ordered to come to Saint Louis next week to report verbally on the state of this district. I can do so much better than by letter. My office work will all be up by Saturday night. I feel a deep solicitude in putting things straight here, and would like a conference on this matter. I merely accepted the commission of major- general to aid our excellent governor in organizing his militia. I have no idea that the convention will permit any such office under the new constitution, and would have no desire to retain it longer if they did. My determination to resign from the volunteer service is one long since formed, and dictated by no disappointment or captiousness of spirit. It is a measure due to my family. I ask Your aid in facilitating the matter.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier- General of Volunteers.

WARRENSBURG, MO., March 15, 1865.

Major- General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I returned last night after an absence of eight days. I have been at Pleasant hill, Independence, Kansas City, and Lexington. Our cavalry I find everywhere inefficient. This is partly from the approaching muster out of most of the officers and men, and more from a want of horses and cavalry equipment. They are neither cavalry nor infantry. Colonel Harding is doing all that can be done in his district with the means in hand. On last Saturday he set a trap for the stage robbers, which resulted in the killing of one and the mortally wounding of two of them. YOU can assure the railroad company that the work will be protected. I have made careful enquiry on this subject and find that they only suffer from the fears of tier employees. These will subside as soon as we are able to give the guerrillas a few more lessons like that of last Saturday. I send You Harding' telegram about the roads. *

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, March 15, 1865.

Major- General DODGE:

My resignation of rank in the volunteer army will arrive by next mail. Please approve and forward it, with request that the Secretary of War will telegraph acceptance. I can close up my business here in

---------------

*See Harding to Laurant, p. 1173.

---------------

