
Laclede that protection which would make them feel safe and secure at their homes attending to their ordinary business, but my efforts so far have proved unavailing. But still I am not willing to give it up yet. It is true we need a few troops at this place to protect the public offices. Say forty men would be amply sufficient, if a few companies were at the point before mentioned, as that has always been the main thorough- fare through which bands of guerrillas pass into and out of this county. And permit me respectfully to call attention to the fact that it is but a few miles farther from Mountain Store to Rolla than it is from Lebanon to Rolla. You will readily see that supplies can be brought to this point from Rolla cheaper than supplies are now obtained at this post by way of Lebanon. The country is not able to furnish supplies for troops either there or at this place. one mile from Mountain Store is a site or point in every way adapted to the establishment of a post - a large, fine spring which affords an abundance of good water; good pine timber, and mills to cut lumber for construction of works, and are advantages worthy of notice. In conclusion, I feel satisfied that a permanent post at or near the point suggested would not only encourage people who are here, but hundreds who have left for other parts will return soon.

Your obedient servant,

R. B. PALMER.

P. S. - I have encouraged the citizens of this county to remain at their homes a few weeks longer and see what will be done for us, if anything.

R. B. P.

Second P. S. - If the farming interest of this part of the country is well protected this year we pledge ourselves to furnish forage for all the troops needed here next year.

R. B. P.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., March 15, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

MAJOR; I have the honor to state, for the information of the general commanding, that as soon as the new horses and pack animals arrive I shall be ready to take the field against the Indians. Shall move with all the cavalry I have, leaving the infantry to garrison the posts and do the escorting. We will have to have more transportation, as all of the escorting will have to be done with wagons. I shall have every company supplied with parched corn, ground and mixed with sugar. Shall take but few days' rations of flour. Shall supply ourselves with buffalo meat, which we can easily do if we go south of the Arkansas. My idea of hunting Indians is to go unencumbered with camp and garrison equipage. We can surely live for thirty or sixty days as Indians live all their lives; and if the buffalo hold out I will not return until I find the Indians and whip them. I would like to be advised of the views of the general commanding as to my plan; also whether he wishes me to move north to co- operate with General Mitchell or south of the Arkansas after the Kiowas, Comanches, and Apaches.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

