HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., March 15, 1865.

Captain J. WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant- General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the arrival of detachment of Third Wisconsin Cavalry (unassigned recruits) and battalion of eight companies Second U. S. Volunteers. As neither of these battalions (aggregate of 880 men) have a surgeon with them, and I am about to take the field in a campaign against the Indians, I would respectfully request that at least three surgeons be ordered to report to these headquarters for assignment to duty in this district, as there are no surgeons that can be relieved from duty at this post to accompany the expedition.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel and Brevet Brigadier- General, Commanding District.

OLATHE, March 15, 1865.

Major H. H. HEATH,

Provost- Marshal- General, Fort Leavenworth:

The bushwhackers have increased lately from nine in number to nearly 100 in Jackson County, Mo., and vicinity, and the inhabitants along the line are becoming alarmed and say they will be obliged to move off if troops are not sent down and stationed. Every indication goes to show that there will be trouble, as much or more than usual, on the line this summer. Recruits are coming all the time.

W. F. GOBLE,

Lieutenant and Assistant provost- Marshal.

(Repeated by Eillans to Dodge, March 16, 1865.)

PAOLA, KANS., March 15, 1865.

Brigadier- General McNEIL:

I have information that near 100 guerrillas are gathering in Jackson County in vicinity of the line, probably for a raid into Kansas. Have You any information on the subject! Have You any mounted force in Jackson! I have but very few troops on the border. Have none at present to place there. Please keep me advised of any information You may obtain of movement of bushwhackers in You district, that we may co- operate with each other in suppressing them.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major- General.

WARRENSBURG, MO., March 15, 1865.

Major General J. G. BLUNT:

I have just returned from Jackson County. Heard nothing of the guerrillas in the force You spoke of. Harding's men had a fight with fifteen last Saturday and killed there. We have not since been able to find a bushwhacker. My mounted force in Jackson County is one company, whose time soon expires. They are stationed at Hickman Mills. Will be glad to communicate and receive information at all times.

JOHN McNEIL

Brigadier- General.

