
FORT KEARNY, March 15, 1865- 4. 25 p. m.

Major- General DODGE:

Nothing heard from Sixteenth Kansas. I cannot imagine where they are. Not on either of the stage routes.

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF IOWA,Dubuque, Iowa, March 15, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT- GENERAL,

Department of the Northwest:

SIR: Major- General Pope, commanding Military Division of the Missouri, has directed me to prepare an expedition, to consist of twelve companies of cavalry and a battery, to march early this year across the Black Hills to Powder River. I shall require 180 mules, or 36 mule teams, more than I have got in my district, most of my transportation being oxen. It will not do to use oxen with mules in making a rapid march without grain. I shall take all the mules and horses I have at each post and replace them by oxen, but will still require then thirty teams. I therefore request to know if these teams could not be lent me from the District of Minnesota. They could accompany Brackett's Battalion from Minnesota and carry forage for his horses. The grazing will be bad when he starts on his march to Sioux City. I am making out requisitions for what may be required on the march, and will have to include these mules should I not be able to procure them in te department.

With much respect, Your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF IOWA,Dubuque, March 15, 1865.

Major General J. POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri:

GENERAL; When You informed me You intended to establish a post in the Black Hills, I wrote to an officer stationed in the upper country to quietly obtain all the information he could about that country. Although You have abandoned the idea of a post there, I inclose You a copy of his report, thinking it may interest You.

With much respect, Your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brevet Major- General.

[Inclosure.]

FORT SULLY, DAK. TER., February 20, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Commanding District of Iowa, Dubuque, Iowa:

SIR: In obedience to instructions received from You under date of 31st ultimo, I have the honor to submit the following report: The country from old Fort Pierre to the Cheyenne River int he direction of the Black Hills is very good for a wagon road, I am told by all of whom I have inquired (eight or nine in number), half- breeds and French and old residents o this section of country, and all of whom have been from Fort Pierre either to the Black Hills or within a few miles of them at several different times, and most of them have

