
lived several miles higher up the Bayou. Farrelly said he did not know it was any harm to keep Hagler and family there for pay, and that Hagler paid him well for it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. NORRIS,

Captain, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Captain S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 17-22, 1865. - Expedition from Plaquemine to The Park, La.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major Richard G. Shwa, Eleventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

Numbers 2. - Major Edmund C. Burt, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Richard G. Shaw, Eleventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery. HEADQUARTERS POST OF PLAQUAMINE, Plaquamine, La., February 23, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward herewith the report of Major E. C. Burt, commanding the expedition sent to The Park and vicinity, in pursuance of telegraphic instructions received from your headquarters February 17. I examined personally the parties arrested by Major Burt; released Messrs. Irwin and Charleville, and sent the remainder under guard to the provost-marshal-general at New Orleans. Since the report of Major Burt was written I have again sent a party of the Independent Scouts up Grossetete. They learned that all the enemy's force in that vicinity were concentrating at Alexandria, except Ratliff's and King's commands, the latter of which refused to go. They surprised and captured a rebel outpost consisting of three men, securing their arms and horses.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD G. SHAW,

Major, Eleventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, Commanding Post.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourche District.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Edmund C. Burt, Third Rhode Island Cavalry. HDQRS. DETACHMENT THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,

Plaquemine, February 22, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to verbal instructions from Major R. G. Shaw, I left Plaquemine late in the afternoon of the 17th instant with fifty-seven men and one officer of my own detachment, and a company of Independent Scouts numbering two officers and thirty-four men, dismounted, and proceeded to The Park, reaching there about 8 o'clock that evening. Finding no suitable camping-ground for my command at that point, I establish a strong picket and returned

