
Earnestly going that You may realize from this report all You expected of me, I am, general, with much respect, Your obedient servant,

CARTER BERKELEY,

Lieutenant, Sixth Iowa Cavalry.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., March 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to Your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 16th day of March, 1865; Refugees from Brownsville, Tex., report that General Slaughter is still in command of the Western Sub- District, extending up the Rio Grande 120 miles from Brownsville, and east to te San Antonio River and the coast. Showalter's regiment had left Brownsville under orders to proceed to Galveston, but stopped at Corpus Christi, where they anticipated a raid from our forces. They number about 350. There are 150 more at that place in detached companies. The force left at Brownsville and vicinity consists of Giddings' battalion (Eight companies), about 350 strong; Benavides' regiment, 300 strong. with headquarters at Laredo, and 100 men in detached companies 9750 in all). Colonel Bates' regiment is at Matagorda and vicinity. Colonel Pyron commands the Frontier Sub- District, north and west of the Western District. General Drayton still commands the Middle Sub- District, between te San Antonio and Brazos. The Confederate authorities believe the expedition preparing at New Orleans was destined for Texas, and had determined to evacuate Brownsville and the western coast, but to hold Galveston. A gentleman from La Fourche, La., reports that the rebel authorities in Louisiana have discovered that the expedition from this point is not for the Red River region, and that they contemplate making the attempt to capture Brashear City again by crossing the Teche and Grand Lake above Indian Bend and gaining the rear of that post by way of Bayou La Fourche. At the same time an arrangement is to be made with parties in New Orleans to cut the levee a short distance above GRETNA, by which the Opelousas railroad would be flooded, thus preventing re- enforcements from reaching Branshear by that route.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton.]

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY AND DIVISION FIELD ORDERS, OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 9. March 16, 1865.

* * * * * *

2. Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby ordered to proceed to Cairo, Ill, there to await further orders, and will report from that place by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

* * * * * *

By order of Major G en. E. R. S. Canby:

C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

