HDQRS. ARMY AND DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,Fort Gaines, Ala., March 16, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: I have received Your letters, but have not been able to answer them until now. Repeated estimates for small- arms have been made, and the assurance has been received that they would be sent. If they are received they will not only supply the wants but leave a sufficient reserve int he depots at New Orleans. I write again to-day in relation to them.

The difficulty in the way of subsistence and forage was anticipated, and instructions were given some time since to send as much as possible in sailing vessels, to remain afloat until needed. Please pursue the same course, and take up for that purpose any vessels that will answer. They should not draw more than nine feet, and preferably less. The transportation of the Sixteenth Corps and Grierson's cavalry should be sent over as rapidly as possible, dividing the means at hand between the two as equally as possible. We need some of the cavalry now. If the rise of the river should render the abandonment of Morganza necessary, please send one of the regiments of its garrison to Pensacola and another to Mobile Bay. The high water will be an obstacle to any operations on the part of the rebels, and I think they may safely be spared temporarily. I was greatly gratified by Your withdrawal of Your resignation. It would be impossible to supply Your place, and Your decision has given me great satisfaction and confidence.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Major- General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The flood in the Mississippi continues, with prospect of further rise. Yesterday I was compelled to impress the whole population, White and black, of Algiers, to repair levee in front of the city. It is now safe. If it had yielded our Opelousas railroad depot would have been swept. The wretched waste and destruction by the troops at Kenner and Chalmette of the pickets and fascines renders both those points very dangerous. I am compelled by overwhelming evidence to believe that the most utter recklessness, both of public and private rights, has characterized the troops which have occupied Chalmette especially. plunder, pilfering, and robbery committed by them are already the subject of heavy reclamations. I have, in anticipation of a probable break at Kenner, ordered sand- bags filled and in readiness to close the gaps in Camp Parapet and thus keep the overflow from the Pontchartrain military railroad. All possible precautions are being taken, but a rise of two feet more will be very perilous. Morganza still stands, but the crevasses in West Baton Ruge are irremediable at this season.

Your obedient servant,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major- General, Commanding.

