
assist the Barton and Lotus over Van Buren Bar until I could learn something reliable concerning a rebel force. My scouts have come in and report that they have been all over the country forty miles back of Dardanelle, and that there has been no force in that part of the country or this side. I am confident there is nothing to fear at present. I have scuts now in that part of the country, with instructions to report here and at Lewisburg any information of rebel troops advancing toward the river. The river is now rising, and I think the boats can come up again. The telegraph reports gold in New York $1,76 to- day. news from Sherman, Schofield, and Sheridan good.

Very respectfully,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier- General.
HEADQUARTERS TALLAHASSEE MISSION, CREEK NATION,March 16, 1865.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, Seventh Army Corps:

I have the honor to inform the brigade commander that I have on this instant, at 11 a. m., received intelligence that a band of Osages, supposed to be led by White scoundrels, for the purpose of robbery, to gather up the stock of the nation and drive it off, are now operating in or about Conchanty. Two refugee men, who were on the way to Conchanty Town, about twenty- five miles from here, discovered the marauders encamped about sunset yesterday, the 15th instant, on this bank of the Arkansas, Conchanty being on the other side opposite their camp. The refugee men say that they were much scared when they came in sight of the camp, but they dismounted for a few minutes, lay down and took a good sight, and think there are White men amongst them. The band, altogether, about fifty or sixty strong. The shortest route in pursuit would be this way by the Mission. Pardon the suggestion. I remain Your obedient and humble servant,

FRANCIS J. FOX,

First Lieutenant.

All is well at the Mission. Captain No- so- so- lo- chee is getting good. I got him to head his company at dress- parade yesterday evening for the first [time]; also to superintend his roll- calls. My scuts have not returned.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., March 16, 1865.

Colonel M. LA RE HARRISON,

Commanding At Fayetteville, Ark:

I must congratulate You upon the rapid destruction of bushwhackers in Your section. With their leaders killed and the rapid destruction of the men generally all the guerrillas will soon leave that section. The people should all co-operate now, and peace, and order will soon be restored in that section. Major Worthington's death was unfortunate, but such casualties must occur in war.

JOHN B. Sanborn,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

