
Los Pinos, will not wait for the movement of this company, but will proceed without delay to Fort union as heretofore ordered.

II. On the arrival at Franklin, Tex., of Captain Brotherton, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth U. S . Infantry he will relieve Major Joseph Smith, First Veteran Infantry California Volunteers, in command of that post. As soon as the general court- martial now in session at Franklin, Te., has adjourned since die, Major Smith, at this own request, will be mustered out of service, and he will be honorably discharged.

* * * * *

VII. Company E, Fifth U. S . Infantry, now at Fort Sumner, will proceed at once and take post temporarily at Fort Bascom. It will take 100 rounds of ammunition per man.

VIII. Lieutenant- Colonel Willis, with Captain Stombs' company (F), First Cavalry California Volunteers, Captains Ayres's and Lent's companies (D and E), First Infantry New Mexico Volunteers, now at Fort Craig, will proceed without delay to Los Pionos, and thence by the shortest practicable route to Fort Union, N. Mex., and there take post.

IX. Colonel Oscar M. Brown, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will without delay relieve Captain Samuel Ovenshine, U. S. Army, in the command of Fort Marcy, N. Mex., as well as in the duties of provost- marshal of the city of Santa Fe. Lieutenant John Abbott, First Cavalry California Volunteers, will relieve Captain Ovenshine in his duties as acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence at Fort Marcy, N. Mex., and Lieutenant Thomas T. Bartlett, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, will relieve Captain Samuel Ovenshine on being thus relieved will repair without delay to Franklin, Tex., where he will be assigned temporarily to the command of Company G, Company G, Fifth U. S. Infantry.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier- General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., March 17, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 15th instant just received. I have already ordered the Tenth Tennessee Cavalry to Natchez to replace the Second New Jersey, and will immediately order tow regiments to Vicskburg. I will substitute the Fourth Wisconsin, now at Baton Rouge, for the Nineteenth Pennsylvania, which I will order to that point. This will leave General Knipe's Division tow brigades, of three regiments each. I then propose to organize General Lucas' command, with the addition of the two regiments now at Barrancas, into another division of two brigades, three regiments each, and will form another Division of six regiments from the cavalry which is yet to arrive from Arkansas and Memphis. If this organization meets the approbation of the general commanding I respectfully request an order authorizing me to organize the cavalry designated for the field into three divisions of two brigades each, the whole to be designated the Cavalry Corps,

