
Prescott, were stationed at Washington, La., and one company of the same regiment was doing picket duty at Opelousas. The Seventh Louisiana Infantry had passed through Washington for Alexandria on the 1st instant from the Teche country. It was reported that our cavalry had reached Petit Anse Salt- Works, and had driven the rebels away about te last of February. About a month ago a force was collecting at Alexandria in anticipation of an advance up Red River. Within ten days these forces have dispersed over fifty miles of country from Cheneyville to twenty or thirty miles up toward Natchitoches. Bagby's Division, partly dismounted, were lying on the road from Cheneyville to Alexandria. Vincent's brigade formed the advance at Cheneyville to Alexandria. Vincent's brigade formed the advance at Cheneyville, Washington, Opelousas, &amp;c. General Thomas was still in command at Alexandria. An earth- work at the foot of the rapids at Alexandria, on the west side of the river, has been destroyed by the high water, and they are removing the guns to Shreveport. Labor has been renewed on the fortifications at Shreveport, negroes being impressed for the purpose. Fort De Russy is being strengthened, and two batteries of very heavy guns had been established on the river, one above and one below Fort De Russy. Emigration from Louisiana had been stopped by the authorities. Great demoralization exists among the troops, and the most vigorous measures have to be pursued to prevent the breaking up of the armies. White flags are frequently displayed at night among the camps, and the officers are unable to stop it. Desertions are not frequent now on account of the severe measures used to stop them. This information was mostly obtained through Confederate soldiers.

The rebels still think an expedition will go up Red River, of a part of our forces at least. The water never was so high in the Red River and tributaries as at present. Mr. Bell states that the country is so flooded it would be absolutely impossible of the rebels to make the move to take Brashear City, spoken of in the report from this office of the 16th instant. They are simply waiting to see what we are going to do, and have no intention to make offensive demonstrations at present. A report from port Hudson, 12th instant, states that Power's, Griffith's, Norwood's, and Grover's commands were at the upper bridge, on Beaver Creek, East Louisiana. The force is estimated at 3,000. Scott was at Georgetown, Miss., a week ago, recruiting his regiment. A released prisoner who left Jackson, Miss., on te 1st instant states that February 20 Stewart's brigade left Meridian for South Carolina. Ross' brigade of Texas cavalry (600) passed through the same day for Canton, Miss. He afterward saw 200 of them on the way to cross the Mississippi to go home without leave, and the rest of them said they would do the same if not furloughed Adams'ades were in Jackson, Miss., the latter 1,100 strong. Colonel Scott, from Woodville, had been at Jackson and been ordered to Macon, Miss. Forrest said in a speech at Macon, Miss., that he would clean out Natchez and Vicksburg and stop the navigation of the river. It was reported that he had ordered firing on boats to be resumed. One of Forrest's staff stated that he had in his district about 15,000 men, 7,000 of whom were cavalry, encamped at Macon, the remainder, principally infantry, were scattered through the country, but had orders to concentrate at Macon, excepting ADAMS' and Wood's brigades and Thomason's and Bradford's scouts at Fayette. The informant was told by a friend at union Church that two couriers passed there with dispatches announcing the recognition of the Confederacy by Mexico. one of the couriers showed him his dispatches and said that a French fleet was off the Gulf waiting orders. A deserter from the Fourth Mississippi Infantry, who left his regiment

