
at Burtonton, Miss., the 7th instant, states that the Fourteenth and Thirty- eighth Mississippi, stationed there, were both ordered to report to Colonel Powers, in Louisiana. Forrest was at Meridian concentrating his forces at some point, supposed to be Macon. A deserter from the Tenth Mississippi was in Jackson, Miss., on the 7th instant. One brigade of cavalry left there that day for Brookhaven. About the 5th Ross' brigade passed through Port Gibson, on their way to Texas, without leave. A letter received by him on the 7th from an officer of his regiment states that the remaining corps of Hood's army (10,000) started on the 5th for Mobile. A deserter from Harrison's brigade states that Harrison's headquarters were at Monroe, La. He also corroborates Mr. Bell's statement regarding demoralization in the Confederate army at Alexandria. There are frequent excursion for deserters. Mr. Bell estimates the whole force west of Red River at 25,000, and around Alexandria from 10,000 to 12,000.

* * * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 73. New Orleans, March 17, 1865.

* * * * *

7. The Sixty- first U. S . Colored Infantry, now at Morganza, La., will be sent without delay to this city to be transported to Barrancas, Fla. Major- General Herron, commanding Northern Division of Louisiana, is charged with the execution of so much of this order as relates to the movement from Morganza to this city. Brigadier- General Sherman, commanding Southern Division of Louisiana, is charged with the execution of so much of the above order as relates to the movement from this city to Barrancas. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major- General Hurlbut:

J. . C STONE,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,

New Orleans, March 17, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT- GENERAL,

Department of the Gulf:

I have the honor to suggest that a gun- boat be furnished to observe the shores (northern) of Lakes Maurepas and Pontchartrain. I have no facilities for sending detachments to that coast. Our light steamers all seem to be in the use of the higher headquarters, except the Savona, which has as much as she can do at Forts Pike and Macomb and Proctorville. To do anything beyond the simple lines of defense, my hands are completely tied. The parties prowling about those lake shores are said to belong to the Confederate Navy, or at least officered by that department of service. An officer of the Confederate Navy is reported to have been killed on the deck of the schooner Stockton by our men. I would like for the old system we had here in 1862 and

