
Stuart will arrive here to-morrow and follow me closely. Lieutenant Yates will be left at the mouth of White River to await Your arrival.

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel Third Michigan Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 17, 1865. (Received 4. 20 p. m. 19th.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Can I be informed whether the views expressed in my letter to governor of Missouri and my letter to Your Excellency, forwarded through the Secretary of War on the 8th instant, are approved and will be supported by the Government? It is necessary for me to be advised of Your decision before taking further necessary action.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 15. Saint Louis, Mo., March 17, 1865.

In compliance with the request of His Excellency the Governor of Missouri, and to aid in carrying out the purposes set forth in his proclamation of the 7th instant, it is ordered that, as soon as notice is received at these headquarters from the governor of the State of Missouri that the civil courts are re-established and the civil officers are ready to enter upon the discharge of their duties in any county or district, the commanding general of the Department of the Missouri will be duly notified and will instruct his subordinate officers as follows, viz:

I. In such counties or districts the provost-marshals will be immediately relieved from all duties except those that are purely military, and no interference on the part of the military authorities with the trial of any cases coming properly under the jurisdiction of the civil courts will thereafter be permitted. All prisoners in military custody in such counties or districts charged with crimes or offenses committed therein cognizable by civil courts, including prisoners charged with being bushwhackers or guerrillas, where the evidence is such as to sustain the charge of murder, arson, robbery, or other kindred crimes, will be turned over to the civil authorities for trial and punishment. It is to be clearly understood, however, that in all cases in which guerrillas, bushwhackers, or other armed outlaws are concerned, the military authorities possess and will exercise the right, whenever they deem it necessary, to bring such offenders to trial before military commission for the military crime, regardless of any acquittal or discharge by civil courts or magistrates. Therefore, when bushwhackers, guerrillas, or other armed outlaws have been turned over to the civil officers and acquitted or discharged by civil courts or magistrates, such courts or magistrates or civil officers must cause such prisoners to be returned to the custody of the military officers to be tried for the military offense, and released or otherwise dealt with by the military authorities.

II. On requisition from duly authorized civil officers prompt military assistance will be furnished by any military commander on whom such requisition is served to protect civil officers and courts in the performance of their duties, and from any consequences which may arise therefrom to secure the arrest and safe-keeping of persons charged with crime, and in every way to vindicate and maintain civil authority. In all cases when thus called upon officers and soldiers will be careful not

