
to make the performance of such duty the occasion of superseding the civil authority which they are summoned to aid and strengthen, but will confine their action to the measures prescribed by the civil officers, and on no pretext whatever assume to originate or pursue any course depending upon their own authority or discretion.

III. Whenever it is requested by the civil authorities military commanders will received into custody and secure by proper guards all persons charged with offenses against the laws, and will hold such persons subject to the demand of the proper civil tribunals, but in each case the military commander who receives such prisoner must be furnished with the charges against him, or commitment in writing, signed by the civil officer who seeks to transfer him to military custody.

IV. It is hereby made the duty of all officers and soldiers to do everything in their power to promote the firm establishment of civil law in Missouri, but they will not in any manner or under any circumstances relax their efforts to hunt down and punish guerrillas, bushwhackers, or other outlaws in any part of the State, being careful only to defer in their action to the wishes of the civil authorities in those counties and districts in which notification has been given by the governor of the State that the civil courts are in the unobstructed exercise of jurisdiction. Whenever any arrest is made for a violation or threatened violation of the civil law the offender shall be promptly turned over to the civil authorities. If any such threatened violation of the civil law shall come to the knowledge of military officers they will communicate the same to the proper civil magistrate, in order that such dangerous person may be held to keep the peace and be of good behavior.

V. The attempt to restore civil administration in Missouri after the State has been so long under the jurisdiction of martial law will doubtless give rise to many perplexing questions between the military and civil authorities, but all such questions should be considered and decided in a spirit of candor and forbearance. It is expected and requested that the civil authorities will not hesitate to appeal from decisions of military commanders in any case which seems proper to the commanding general of this military Division, who will not fail to give any such appeal careful and dispassionate examination.

By command of Major-General Pope:

JOHN T. SPRAGUE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

PATTERSON, MO., March 17, 1865.

Colonel BEVERIDGE:

A courier from Captain Smith has just come in and reports no force at Doniphan. Johnson is reported to have 800 men. Captain Smith will be in to-morrow.

R. BAKER,

Captain.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 18. Rolla, Mo., March 17, 1865.

In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 69, current series, from headquarters Department of the Missouri, I hereby assume command of this district. All orders heretofore issued from these headquarters and not revoked will remain in force until otherwise ordered.

JOHN MORRILL,

Colonel Sixty-fourth Infantry Illinois Volunteers, Commanding.

