
field. I will relieve it by a company of the First U. S. Volunteers now at Fort Rice. Arrangements to be made in Saint Louis with some one of the boats going up the Missouri to transport these troops. The company of cavalry, Company G, Sixth Iowa (they have but twenty horses), now stationed at Fort Berthold will be relieved by another company of the First U. S. Volunteers now stationed at Fort Rice. Arrangements to be made in Saint Louis with some boat going up the river to make this transfer. The company of the Sixth Iowa is necessary to relieve during navigation, as its term of service expires next winter. The garrison at Fort Rice will be small (four companies), it being necessary for them next summer to procure hay for the winter, which cannot be procured in any large quantity short of Eight miles from the post. It will require guards to protect they hay parties from hostile bands of Indians. I would urgently request, if it is possible to do so, [that] I have the other four companies of the First U. S. Volunteers now in Minnesota District sent to this district. In order to get together troops and teamsters enough for the expedition across the Black Hills to operate against the Platte Valley Indians I will have to take nearly every effective cavalryman in the district. As I understand Major-General Pope, it is his intention to garrison the post I am directed to establish on Powder River, or, I should say, will be directed to establish, by the battalion of the Seventh Iowa Cavalry now in this district. I will then have only the Sixth Iowa and the two companies of the Dakota cavalry, besides the six companies of the First U. S. Volunteers, stationed far up the river beyond my reach. One company of the Dakota cavalry go out of service in April and the Sixth Iowa Cavalry's term of service expires next winter.

With much respect, Your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, March 18, 1865.

By the President of the United States:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas reliable information has been received that hostile Indians within the limits of the United States have been furnished with arms and munitions of war by persons dwelling in foreign territory, and are thereby enabled to prosecute their savage warfare upon the exposed and sparse settlements of the frontier:

Now, therefore, be it known that I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States of America, do hereby proclaim and declare that all persons engaged in that nefarious traffic shall be arrested and tried by court-martial at the nearest military post, and if convicted shall receive punishment due to their deserts.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this 17th day of March, A. D. 1865, and of the Independence of the United States of America the eighty-ninth.

A. LINCOLN.

By the President:

W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

