
the steamer Curlew at 1 a. m. February 19, 1865. This command landed at Friar's Point, Miss., at 4 a. m. same date the cavalry proceeded in the direction of Shufordsville, and the Infantry covered Friar's Point by a picket-line. Doctor Pillow was captured at Landford's place and sent to Helena. No armed force was found in the town. The cavalry command returned to Friar's Point about 4 p. m. same day, after having captured about thirteen troopers, with their horses and equipments. Captain Anderson immediately re-embarked for Helena, after leaving one officer and twenty troopers at Friar's Point. On the 19th, 20th, and 21st a scouting party of two companies and a small detachment of cavalry, the whole under command of Major H. A. Wells, went out in the direction of Shufordsville and moon Lake respectively. The brought in 32 colored men, women, and children, 21 mules, and 1 horse. Most of this property, as well as the slaves, belonged to Mr. Irvine, who has, by his own statement, four brothers in the rebel service. Only two men of the lot of slaves were found to be fit for soldiers; the rest, 4 men, 10 women, and 16 children, were transferred to the care of the commanding officers at Fort Piney, as I had no subsistence for them. Five colored men, 3 women, and 2 children came within the lines for protection on the 21st. The men wish to enlist in the regiment, and the women and children will be turned over to the superintendent of freedmen at Helena. The trading boats Anna and Freestone landed at Friar's Point, under written authority from His Excellency the President of the United States, for the purpose of receiving cotton, &amp;c. At 3 p. m. on the 21st Lieutenant Murray reported to me with the steamer Curlew, and handed me a letter of instructions from the commanding general, in obedience to which I embarked my command as soon as the scouting party had returned. The embarkation was completed at 5. 30 p. m., but on account of high winds the boat had to lie at her landing until daylight of the 22d. W. A. Alcorn, a private of the rebel cavalry, surrendered himself as a prisoner of war, and gave information where his brother, R. J. Aleorn, also a private in the rebel service, could be captured, which capture was effected by Lieutenant Spring, commanding the cavalry detachment. Lieutenant Spring has been directed to turn over the prisoners, with one horse, saddle and bridle, and two revolvers, to the provost marshal at Helena.

The command arrived at Helena at 9. 30 a. m. on the 22nd inst, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. BENTZONI,

Colonel Fifty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding Expedition.

Captain T. C. MEATYARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 21-22, 1865. - Scout from Pine Bluff to Douglas' Plantation, Ark., and skirmish (22d).

Report of Captain Gurnsey W. Davis, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

CAMP THIRTEENTH CAVALRY ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,

Pine Bluff, Ark., February 23, 1865.

SIR: I have to report my return from scout. On the morning of the 21st, pursuant to orders, I proceeded with fifty men down the river

