
catching them it only encourages them. Once on their trail we should be prepared to stay with them until they are whipped.

Very respectfully, Your, obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., March 18, 1865.

Captain THOMAS MOSES, JR.,

Commanding Fort Larned:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your communication of the 11th instant, reporting attack upon train eighty miles west of Your post. The same has been forwarded to department headquarters for information of general commanding; also the receipt of report of Lieutenant Jenkins, commanding scout. The general commanding directs that You scout frequently in the direction of the Cimarron in order to keep yourself well informed of the movement of these Indians, reporting immediately any general movement among them.

Very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DENVER, March 18, 1865-10. 30 p. m.

General DODGE:

Mails leave regularly. Militia doing splendidly. Am anxious to take part in campaign. Prefer active service.

T. MOONLIGHT.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,Denver, Colo. Ter., March 18, 1865.

SHAGNANO AND MERARA,

Chiefs of the Tabequaches, Colorado:

SIRS: I have this day received a letter from two prominent citizens of Colorado City, complaining of the treatment received from Your people. They charge that 150 of Your tribe came into town on the 15th instant and demanded ten sacks of flour, which was given them for the sake of peace and harmony; that they demanded the flour should be hauled to Your camp, and they insisted the wives and families of settlers should cook for them, &amp;c., which they refused, and justly so. You have visited me on friendly terms and on business connected with Your people. I have treated You kindly and justly, and it is the intention of the Government and our Great Father at Washington to continues to do so as long as You conduct yourselves in a subordinate manner and as becomes a people to the recognized authority, just as You expect Your people to obey Your own hands and dictate conditions to peaceable citizens over whom You have no control then Your conduct is reprehensible and punishment

