
must follow. I am willing to overlook the past, as You have not of late been treated by the Indian Department as You should, owing to the disturbance with the Plains Indians, but should any more complaints of this kind be made I will compelled to bring You and Your tribe to an account for it. I repeat that I desire to remain on friendly terms with Your people, but will resent promptly and summarily any indignity to the authority of the Government.

With esteem and friendship, I remain, yours, truly,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., March 19, 1865-12 m.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Washburn, as I understand, makes his returns to Thomas, but for all purposes of keeping open navigation on the Mississippi River will obey instructions from Canby. For all local policy within the State of Tennessee he will be guided by instructions and orders from General Thomas.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 78. New Orleans, La., March 19, 1865.

* * * * * * *

2. Captain T. J. Montgomery, commissary of subsistence, is hereby relived from the requirements of Special Orders, Numbers 70, paragraph 4, current series, from these headquarters, and will proceed to Memphis, Tenn., for the purpose of settling his accounts, after which he will report by letter to the Commissary-General of Subsistence at Washington for orders.

By order of Major General E. R. S. Canby:

C. H. DYER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

THIBODEAUX, LA., March 19, 1865.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In compliance with instructions received from the general commanding, I have carefully examined the country in the vicinity of La Fourche Station, on New Orleans and Opelousas Railroad, and find that on the left bank of Bayou La Fourche arable lands extend back from the Bayou a distance of two and a half to three miles. The same quality of land extends down the Bayou on both sides of the railroad several miles below La Fourche Station. The lands below the railroad and between La Fourche and Terry Bonne Bayous are very swampy. The route from La Fourche to Chacahoula Station, on New Orleans and Opelousas Railroad, I found passable to within about two miles of the

