
above station. The balance of the route is swamps, which can only be crossed by small boats in a ditch running through the swamp. I found no boat at the landing, therefore had no means of crossing the swamp, as the water is from two feet to five deep and the bottom very boggy. Citizens in that vicinity state that after a drought of three or four months the swamp can be crossed on foot, but never on horseback, as there are two or three bayous running through it that are never fordable.

I am, respectfully, Your obedient servant,

J. M. HILDRETH,

Major-Sixteenth Indians Mounted Infantry.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 19, 1865.

Major-General WASHBURN,

Memphis, Tenn.:

You are subject to General Canby only so far as stated in the general order of the War Department, and even as to river defenses it would be proper to consult General Thomas when You have sufficient time to do so.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, March 19, 1865-6 p. m. (Received 2 p. m. 20th.)

Major-General POPE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Understanding that the plan of action for Missouri contained in Your letter to the governor of that State and Your other letter to me is concurred in by the governor, it is approved by me, and You will be sustained in proceeding upon it.

A. LINCOLN.

WARRENSBURG, MO., March 19, 1865-10 a. m.

Captain MEREDITH,

Commanding Officer, Lexington, Mo.:

You will send out a scout this evening at 3 o'clock from Lexington of twenty men, under a commissioned officer, to Tabo Church. Scout up Tabo and Brush Creek toward Chatham, Ewing's, and Greenton Valley. Let this be a thorough scout upon the part of Your command. I will order out a scout from here this evening to move to Davis' Creek near the Matthews farm, then move west, scouting the whole country to Hopewell and Chapel Hill, then north to Greenton, where Your forces and those from this post will meet on Tuesday about noon, when they can agree upon some co-operative movement. Order Your men to take out five days' rations. Have no scattering over the country to be fed.

T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

