
FORT SMITH, March 19, 1865.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

Nothing known here of fighting at Camden. Adjutant-general tells me it is no doubt a fabrication. General Bussey is quite ill with erysipelas.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., March 19, 1865.

Colonel R. B. PALMER,

Harville, Mo.:

COLONEL: Your favor of the 15th instant came duly to hand and contents noted. Everything that I can do will be done to provide full protection for Your county the coming year. Authority has been obtained from the governor to organize a full company of militia for one year's service in that county. I inclose You copy of orders relating to the matter. Have the citizens all take hold and organize this company at once, and I will locate it where You suggest, at Mountain Store. When there is no enemy in or threatening the county many of the men composing the company can attend to their farms, the design being to hold and improve the county by armed occupation. It is desirable that as many of the old loyal inhabitants who have left their farms in that county be induced to join the company as possible, as it would likely result in the return of the families of such men. Give some enterprising men hold of this matter of raising the company and organize it as soon as possible.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[MARCH 19, 1865. -For Ford to Dodge, in answer to Dodge's dispatch of 18th, see p. 131.]

CITY POINT, VA., March 20, 1865-8 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I think Arkansas should belong to the same command as Missouri and Kansas, and the General Pope should be instructed to commence preparations at once for offensive operations against Price and should drive him across Red River. Please lay this before the Secretary and if the change is authorized, telegraph the order to General Pope and inform me, and I will then write to him fully. By taking an early start, going light, Pope will be able at least to throw the enemy beyond the Red River, not to return again.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 20, 1865-4 p. m.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY:

The President approves Your action in regard to Brigadier-General Bankhead, and any engagements You have made with him will be fulfilled.

