
The President further directs me to say, in respect to the classes of persons excepted from amnesty by his proclamation, any engagement You, in careful exercise of Your discretion, may deem beneficial to the public interest to make with individuals belonging to such classes, You are authorized to make, and such engagements will be carried out by the Government.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

U. S. STEAMER LA FAYETTE,

Off Mouth of Red River, March 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Your communication of the 13th instant in relation to contemplated attempts of the rebels to destroy our vessels by torpedoes. The information is timely and appreciated.

I am, very respectfully, Your obedient servant,

JAS. P. FOSTER,

Lieutenant Commander, U. S. Navy, Commanding 4th Dist., Mississippi River.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., March 20, 1865.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit such entrants from the daily report from this office dated March 20 as may be of importance to You. Captain L. B. Nash, under date of Little Rock, Ark., March 8, gives the following as the latest information of the enemy's position and force: Churchill's Division-McNair's brigade is composed of three regiments, numbered First, Second, and Third Consolidated Regiments, and commanded, respectively, by Colonel Cravens, 350 men; Colonel Reid, 400 men, and Colonel Williams, 400 men. This brigade is composed of the prisoners paroled at Vicksburg and Port Hudson. Tappan's brigade is composed of four regiments-one commanded by Colonel Shaver, which is now stationed at Camden, 250 men, and one by Colonel Hardy, 250 men. The commanders of the other two regiments are unknown. General Roane's brigade is composed of four regiments-Colonel Gause, 250 men; Colonel Hill, 250 men; Colonel Brooks, 250 men; Colonel Davie, 250 men. General Hawthorn's brigade is composed of four regiments-Colonel Bell commands one, 250 men. The names of the [other] regimental commanders unknown. The entire brigade has not more than 600 men. Major Blocker has a battalion of artillery belonging to Churchill's Division, composed of three batteries, of four guns each. This Division is located at Minden, except Shaver's regiment. General Pohgnac's Division is at Shreveport. Parsons has one brigade at Camden and one at Louisville. Shelby is at Clarksville. Marmaduke's and Cabell's old commands are at Pigeon Hill. Logan is at Dooley's Ferry, on Red River. McCray, Dobbin, and Freeman are on White River. Richard Roe (scout) went up the Jackson railroad to Jackson, thence to Meridian, and thence to Canton, Miss., and reported by way of Liberty and Bayou Sara. States that the first troops he met after leaving Pass Manchac were from 50 to 100 of Griffith's command at

77 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I.

