
on the south side as far as Douglas' plantation, where we arrived at 10 o'clock at night, the rain falling in perfect torrents, Camped under an old cotton shed. Saw no force on the way down, but after passing the Smith place found plenty of tracks, of horses going up; should judge to the number of fifty or sixty. After having camped I received at Douglas' the information that a force under a Colonel Clark was in below, and that they were expected up the river for the purpose of burning cotton and arresting deserters. A negro at Douglas' told me that they were only three miles below; the truth of the statement, however, I do not pretend to vouch for. Upon learning the same I doubled my picket force and intended to move out so soon as the rain doubled my picket force and intended to move out so soon as the rain ceased. At 1 o'clock, or thereabouts, my pickets on two sides were charged upon at the same moment and driven in, and in an instant a volley was poured into the men under the shed where they were huddled together to keep out of the rain. This fire was promptly returned, checking their charge, and forcing them back. The enemy rallied and made a second charge, forcing my men back from their horses. I immediately brought my men up again, with orders to retake the shed and save their horses; which was done, driving the enemy over the levee and holding tem there until all the horses were brought out into line. The enemy in the meantime sounded recall and appeared to have moved off between the levee and the river. I then ordered all my men to mount, except one platoon, which I took and went in search of casualties. I found 4 men wounded, 2 severely. I carried the wounded to the house (Mr. Douglas'), where I had every assurance that they should be cared for as well as circumstances would admit. Upon counting I found that three or four men were missing. I think that none were missing. I think that none were killed, unless they were shot down on the pi-post. However, it being so very dark and raining, I might have overlooked them. Several horses were shot dead and two or three wounded. After making the best arrangement I could for the wounded men, and no knowing the design of the enemy, I concluded not to remain longer and moved out, taking a back route to avoid being ambushed. We succeeded in reaching a cotton gin where we remained until it became sufficiently light to travel, when we took the road leading across Choctaw Bayou and between that and Bayou Bartholomey to Pine Bluff, where we arrived at 8 o'clock last night. The country is full of small parties of rebels. We met and gave chase to three that we ascertained to be Captain Burt and two other officers of General Shelby's staff. At Doctor Jackson's twenty-five had fed and just left in the direction of this place. We followed them about two miles, when they left the road and took to the woods. I could find no cattle worth driving. There being so much water on the ground and bushes I did not go into the cane, the only where cattle can be found at this season. I regret the loss of my men, and for the wounded ask that something be done. I did not go to see whether any of the enemy were left dead or wounded, I did not go to see whether any of the enemy were left dead or wounded, but am inclined to [think] that some were. Their number was, I think, fully equal to my own, judging from their firing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. DAVIS,

Captain, Thirteenth Cavalry Illinois, Volunteers, Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

