HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., March 20, 1865.

His Excellency THOMAS C. FLETCHER,

Governor of Missouri:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report very satisfactory progress in the recruitment and organization of the volunteer militia companies in this district, as authorized by General Orders, Numbers 3, current series, headquarters State of Missouri. Veteran officers and soldiers have taken hold of the enterprise in many localities, and most of the companies will be composed chiefly of men who have been at the front. I am quite satisfied it will be necessary to authorize the organization of additional companies, and have already granted authority to recruit for others, subject always to the approval of yourself and the department commander. My volunteer troops are now reduced to less than one small regiment. You will readily perceive the necessity for more troops from some quarter. I have the honor to suggest that you grant me authority to raise one more company in each of the following counties: Boone, Audrain, Howard, Randolph, Chariton, Linn, Livingston, Clinton, Clay, Platte, and Buchanan. If we can succeed in recruiting these companies for, say, a period of Eight months, it is much better than to detail militia. They will be needed, and the earlier they are ready for duty the better for us. All these companies should be armed with the best cavalry arms. Will the State be able to furnish such? I am pressing upon different counties the importance of purchasing for their militia Spencer rifles and Colt revolvers. A few will do so, and the companies themselves in some instances will invest their private funds in arms for the summer's work. There is a good deal of apprehension on the part of the people that we are to have serious trouble, and at an early day. Let us be ready to meet it. I am daily strengthening the civil authorities. I have said to each circuit judge that I was merely his aide-de-camp; that offenders must be punished through the civil courts; that we (of the military) would aid in the complete restoration of the supremacy of the civil law. I have given circuit attorneys to understand that they must take hold of the thieves. We will help catch and guard, if necessary, but they must try and punish. I suppose the convention will immediately abolish the militia major-generals. I shall interpose no objection, and while I remain in Missouri will give you my best endeavors in the work of restoration.

Waiting your early reply touching the organization of the additional companies of militia, as heretofore indicated, I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., March 20, 1865.

Honorable Arnold KREKEL,

President Constitutional Convention, Saint Louis, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I notice by the published proceedings of your honorable body that an ordinance for the organization of the Missouri Militia has been introduced and made the special order for an early day. I am glad the convention has taken hold of the matter, and trust action thereon will not be delayed. I trust you will pardon me, one of your constituents, for making a few suggestions touching this important

