
measure. The militia law recently enacted by the legislature has its defects. The old law contained many, chief of which were the election of its company officers and exemption from service by the payment of money. Can the convention do better at this time than to resurrect the Enrolled Missouri Militia, with all its regimental and battalion organizations, with their officers, from the grave to which the legislature consigned it by section Numbers 26 of the new militia law, and then perfect as well as possible the old organizations by the immediate abolition of the system of electing company officers and the exemption from service by the payment of money? Let the governor appoint the company, as well as the field officers, and require every able-bodied citizen, white or black, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five to be enrolled and organized and you will radically improved the resurrected Enrolled Missouri Militia. The old organization could be continued and filled to the maximum by additions from the class formerly exempted by the payment of money. The governor could vacate the commissions of objectionable officers and appoint those more worthy and competent. Commissaries of exemption appointed for each county could, with the aid of the regiment officers, soon perfect rolls of all subject to militia duty, and our people would be saved much of the vexation and interruption of business that an entirely new enrollment would inevitably cause. The Enrolled Militia have rendered the State and country much valuable and honorable service. They have struck hard and successful blows for liberty and Union; they have at times been banged about, dragged from their homes in seed time and harvest, summer and winter, in and out of season, and have never been found wanting when a pinch has come. The proposition to have no higher military grade than that of brigadier-general is a good one, and three for the entire State is sufficient. One north and two south of the Missouri River can as well discharge all the necessary duties as a greater number. I trust it will not become necessary to make details from the militia the present year. The volunteer militia companies authorized for this district are rapidly filling up with the returning veterans of the Missouri State Militia and volunteer Missouri regiments now being mustered out. Many counties are paying a liberal bounty to encourage these home organizations for the extermination of bushwhackers and the protection of loyalty. I believe that the people generally of North Missouri are at present more determined than ever before to unite vigorously for the putting down of outlaws, the restoration of the supremacy of civil law, tranquility, and good order. To secure a consummation so devoutly to be wished requires the hearty co-operation of citizens with the soldiery. Troops hindered or unaided by the citizens in counties where the bushwhackers most do congregate can never exterminate the villains. If your convention could by ordinance change the hearts and consciences of the rebels in most of the counties bordering on the Missouri River you would very materially aid in the restoration of quiet to Missouri. When Jim Jackson and company are harbored and their movements concealed within sight of county towns, it indicates a pretty strong sympathy, at least, with the bushwhacking fraternity; and when a squad of soldiers who have, through storm and mud, day and night, week in and out, been on the hunt after the villains happen to come upon them camped snugly and comfortably in the dwelling or barn of a first family, and then and there in their righteous indignation and wrath inflict summary punishment upon the guilty, and order a warm breakfast for themselves, volumes of complaints will be speedily

