
filed in my headquarters against the outrageous soldiers, but not one word against the bushwhackers ever reaches me from that neighborhood. I shall endeavor to punish all wrong, whether committed under butternut or blue covers, and shall most cheerfully and earnestly aid the civil authorities in the arrest, trial, and punishment of offenders, as provided by law.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, March 20, 1865.

(Via Lawrence. _

Colonel FORD,

Fort Larned:

Horses sufficient to mount you are going forward; also pack train. Artillery officer ordered out to-day. An engineer goes to put up works at Fort Atkinson. General Carleton, of New Mexico, will put in three or four posts between Fort Atkinson and Fort Union, on the Cimarron route. First post will be at Upper Springs. Train of twenty-five wagons leave here to be turned over to you, and in a few days two more companies of infantry will be sent to you.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Numbers 60. Fort Riley, March 20, 1865.

* * * * *

4. Major J. L. Pritchard, Second Colorado Cavalry, having, in compliance with instructions from department headquarters, reported for duty at these headquarters, will proceed at once to Fort Larned, Kans., and take command of battalion Second Colorado Cavalry, in the field.

* * * * *

By command of Brevet Brigadier-General Ford:

J. E. TAPPAN,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF COLORADO,

Denver, Colo. Ter., March 20, 1865.

LAFAYETTE HEAD,

Indian Agent, Conejos, Colo. Ter.:

DEAR SIR: I send you a communication directed to Colorado and other chiefs of the Utah Indians now in the vicinity of Colorado City. I sincerely hope you will make it your special business to attend to it at once. Something should be done by the Indian Department for these Indians. I have sent to the commanding officer at Camp Fillmore a duplicate of the same communication, with instructions to have it properly interpreted to the chiefs, and desired him to confer with you on the subject before taking any steps if possible, and at all times on business of this matter. It is my intention to be these tribes, and if a war is forced upon us with them it will be their own

