
and took them to Blood River; from thence into the Tickfaw River. At 12 o'clock that night captured a schooner, named Barnes, from New Orleans, with six or Eight bales of cotton aboard. An officer and six men were placed aboard of the schooner, who carried her up the Tickfaw River into the Blood River, with instructions to wait there for the remaining party. Henry Malone was one of the detail.

The following is the statement of Samuel Wolf: The remaining party sailed into Lake Maurepas and captured the schooner James Stockton at the mouth of the Amite River. The schooner was half a mile from the shore. They were not hailed as they approached, nor did they see any person on deck, and neither officer nor man came on deck until the surrender. They fought about half an hour, the men firing from the hold of the vessel. Three were slightly wounded of the Union soldiers; Lieutenant McDermott and three men were killed of the Confederates and two wounded. The vessel was then surrendered into the hands of the Confederate. The prisoners were placed ashore and supposed to have been sent to Mobile. The schooner was then carried up the Tickfaw River into the Blood River, discharged of her cargo, and burned. The schooner Barnes was then released. Two of the boats then started for Springfield, from thence to Haynesville, and from thence to Amite Station, with instructions to wait for the remaining boat. The remaining boat started for Springfield the next day, and while in Springfield buried Lieutenant McDermott and one man named Bernard. They then went up a bayou three miles to a bridge, and placed the boats on wagons and marched Eight miles toward Amite Station. During the night Henry Malone and Samuel Wolf deserted the so-called Confederate navy.

his

HENRY x MALONE.

mark.

his

SAMUEL x WOLF.

mark.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 21st day of March, 1865.

S. W. COGGESHALL,

Second Lieutenant, Eleventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

[First indorsement.]

This report is forwarded in further explanation of Major Webster's report, which was forwarded the second time to department headquarters on the 20th instant. The neglect of duty of the guard on the schooner will be investigated as soon as possible to do so.

T. W. S[HERMAN].

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,March 27, 1865.

Copy respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding Department of the Gulf.

This expedition seems to have been gotten up at Mobile for the specific purpose of destroying commerce on the lakes. From the statement of these men the expedition returned to Mobile immediately after the capture of this schooner.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

