HDQRS. CAV. FORCES, MIL. DIV. OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., March 21, 1865.

Brigadier General T. J. LUCAS,

Commanding Separate Brigade:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find order directing the First Florida and Second Maine Cavalry to report to you for duty. You will organize your command into a division of two brigades, of three regiments each. Immediately upon the reception of this you will reply, designating the regiments you desire to compose the brigades and names of the brigade commanders. The order organizing the division will then be issued from these headquarters. Horses sufficient to finish the remount of your command will be sent over at the earliest practicable moment. Dispose of your regiments in such a manner as to make the two brigades as nearly equal in size as possible. Send tri-monthly reports, rosters, reports of arms, ammunition, and accouterments on hand and required, pertaining to the First Florida and Second Maine Cavalry, at the earliest possible moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG, Numbers 66. Vicksburg, Miss., March 21, 1865.

* * * *	 *

V. Lieutenant Colonel R. S. Donaldson, Sixty-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, is relieved from his present duties and will take command of the post at Davis' Bend, Miss. He will carry out measures already inaugurated for the employment of freedmen and development of industry, and will receive instructions with reference to them from the provost-marshal-general of freedmen, and make to him all reports he may require.

By order of Brigadier General M. L. Smith:

LEW. DORLAN,Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 21, 1865.

General POPE:

The Department of Arkansas has been added to your military division. The order will be telegraphed and General Grant will send instructions.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., March 21, 1865.

Major General J. POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri:

Now that Arkansas has been added to your command, I think you will be able to concentrate force enough to take the offensive against Price where he is, or at least meet him before he makes any progress northward. I have not given the matter sufficient study to say how this should be done, but leave the details for you. I presume the great difficulty you will labor under will be getting your supplies in season

