
FEBRUARY 22-24, 1865. - Scout from Pine Bluff, to Bayou Meto, Ark., and skirmishes at Mrs. Voche's (23rd) and Bayou Meto (24th).

Report of Captain George W. Suesburry, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, commanding scout.
HDQRS. COMPANY L, THIRTEENTH ILLINOIS CAV. VOLS.,Pine Bluff, Ark., February 26, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received, dated headquarters U. S. Forces at Pine Bluff, Ark., February 22, 1865, I took command of a force of eighty men and proceeded to the north side of the Arkansas River for the purpose of making a scout, but was unable to get all the men across the river. I left fifteen on this side. I proceeded to the picket at William Scull's, where I arrived at daylight, and took the force stationed there with me, which augmented my force to ninety men. I then marched to Walker's farm, where we arrived at 10 a. m. on the 23rd, and captured one of Captain Hick's men. We then moved to Henry Young's farm, where we arrived at 12 m., and captured two men of the same command. We then moved to Mrs. Voche's farm, where we arrived at 4 p. m., and had a fight with Captain Husband's command. Lieutenant N. E. Orton, Company F, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry Volunteer, made a gallant charge with his platoon, completely routing the enemy, capturing 3 prisoners and severely wounding 1 man. Captain Husband is also reported killed. We then moved to General Williams' plantation, where were captured Lieutenant Richardson, of Hicks' company, and a private of Vaugine's band. we then encamped for the night. I ordered the horses to be fed from General Williams' forage and my men to be furnished with supper and breakfast, for which I gave receipts. On the morning of the 24th we marched for Bayou Meto, where we arrived about 9 a. m., and had sharp skirmish with Major Watkins. After the skirmish had lasted a few minutes Lieutenant Temple, Company M, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, made a gallant charge with his platoon, leading the charge in person some fifty yards in advance of his men, completely routing the enemy, who fled in all directions. Lieutenant Temple ordered each of his men to pick man and capture him, saying that he would bring in the major, anhis word. After running the major about three miles and a half he captured him in Bayou Meto, where the water was swimming deep. In this action the enemy lost in captured Major Watkins and six men. If there were any killed or wounded I did not see them. I wish to state here that Lieutenant Curlee, although not engaged, behaved himself in a soldierly manner, being always at his post and ready to go in if required. Also the behavior of the "grayback" was all that could be desired. We then turned about and started for Pine Bluff, where we arrived at 9 p. m. on the 24th. On our way back we captured Lieutenant Grestol, of Major Watkins' command. The results of the expedition may be briefly summed up as follows: We marched over 100 miles, fought the enemy twice, defeating him both times; captured 13 prisoners, among whom were 3 officers, without the loss of a man or horse.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

G. W. SUESBERRY,

Captain Company L, 13th Ill. Cav. Vols, in Command of Scout.

Brigadier General POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Pine Bluff.

