
is manifest that, as I have no control over the forces in Arkansas and cannot regulate their position or movements, I must require a much larger force in Southern Missouri. I cannot, of course, safely rely upon operations by the forces in Arkansas after the unexplainable inaction of General Steele during Price's raid of last year. Either the troops in Arkansas should be placed under my command or troops sent me here to station in Southern Missouri. If this raid be made it will begin soon, and we ought to be prepared. I think it proper to lay these facts and suggestions before you, as they seem tome to indicate the best method of defending Missouri with the smallest force, and I have neither the desire not the purpose to ask for other troops which are so much needed elsewhere. If all the troops in Arkansas and Missouri were in one command it is probable that there would be a sufficient force for the purpose. If not, in view of what occurred last year, preparations ought immediately to be made to defend Missouri against invasion, irrespective of any force in Arkansas. I wrote quite fully on this subject on the 6th instant to General Halleck, but have received no reply, and as the time is near at hand when some steps ought to be taken in the matter, I write again and respectfully request that I may be informed what I am to expect.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 70. Little Rock, Ark., March 21, 1865.

* * * * *

10. The Thirty-fifth Missouri Volunteer Infantry, now at Helena, Ark., is assigned to the First Brigade, First Division, Seventh Army Corps, and will proceed to Little Rock, reporting on arrival to Brigadier General F. Salomon. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,

March 21, 1865-2. 05 p. m.

General BUSSEY,

Commanding Fort Smith, Ark.:

Will you please keep me advised by telegraph as often as is convenient of the position, condition, and purpose of the rebel forces under Price and others.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., March 21, 1865.

Captain LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Telegram received ordering me to keep my command in readiness to move. I have only one company here that is armed, viz, Company H,

