
Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia. Company B, Fourth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, time expires to-day and the officer in charge turned in all ordnance to proceed to Warrensburg, Mo., by train. The Osage and Maries County Militia, under General Orders, Numbers 3, is only partly armed on order that I issued. Sent twenty-five men to Maries County to see after a gang of guerrillas committing depredations. These and all men here at present are required for guard duty.

C. J. MISSEMER,

Captain, Commanding.

WARRENSBURG, MO., March 21, 1865-12 m.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. Hdqrs., Saint Louis, Mo.:

Major-General Dodge telegraphs me from Leavenworth that he can spare me some infantry. Can you send me a company to Jefferson City immediately, so that I can remove my cavalry from there for use elsewhere?

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,March 21, 1865-9. 30 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN McNEIL,

Warrensburg:

Four companies Forty-fifth Missouri Infantry are ordered to report to you at once.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., March 21, 1865.

General D. M. DRAPER,

Mexico, Mo.:

GENERAL: It seems a burning shame that Jim Jackson and company are permitted to roam leisurely through Boone, Randolph, Howard, and Chariton Counties, shooting and hanging citizens. Can you not organize a half dozen scouts and follow the villain until he is dead? I know it is not an easy thing to do, but if with the force we now have and the limited number of bushwhackers yet on duty, and before the leaves come out we can't exterminate this gang, what will become of us when the bushwhacking campaign fairly opens? I am fearful the Ninth are too indolent; too little inclined to pitch into hard work or hard fighting. Stir up their pure minds. Don't allow them to rot away at posts or to spend their time foraging. Let supplies be furnished from here, and keep every able bodied soldier in the brush. I have ordered Captain Reed to move from Brunswick to Salisbury, where he can devote the remainder of his term of service to the vigorous muster out of his bushwhacking neighbors. You can keep at least 200 men on the constant move. A scout out for a few hours or a

