
day and a night accomplish but little. Occupy and possess the Perche Hills country back and forth until the friends of Jim Jackson wish he would die to relieve them of the presence of your troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., March 21, 1865.

Herrera Grande, Fecundo, and the other Navajo chief, who were sent as delegates on the 15th of February, 1865, to the old Navajo country to tell Manuelito and other Indians still in that country that they must go to the Bosque, came back yesterday, and this morning came to department headquarters to report the result of their mission. His Excellency Governor Connelly, Colonel James L. Collins, Honorable Jose Manuel Gallegos, Colonel Nelson H. Davis, assistant inspector-general, U. S. Army, and Lieutenant-Colonel Eaton, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, were present when Herrera made his report, which was made in Navajo to Jesus, the interpreter, and was rendered in English by His Excellency the governor. It was as follows:

Herrera Grande says three days and a half after he left Fort Wingate he got to Zuni, where he met Manuelito. They embraced, when Herrera told Manuelito he had come to see him. Manuelito said his elder brother was the commander, and it would be better to go where his brother was. Next day Herrera started for the rancheria, and was overtaken at Ojo del Venado that afternoon by Manuelito, who had staid back at Zuni for awhile. That night in talking with Manuelito the latter said he would be willing to go to the Bosque, but his animals were poor. Herrera said it was not his orders for him to go, but the commander's orders. They camped together, and the next day at 3 p. m. they arrived at the camp of Manuelito. Next day after Manuelito sent out to call in those who were absent. Many had scattered owning to a recent attack of the Utes. They came in that evening, in all about fifty men, women, and children. This is about one-half of Manuelito's band. Then Manuelito brought in his stock. There were about fifty horses and forty sheep. He said, "Here is all I have in the world. See what a trifling amount. You see how poor they are. My children are eating roots" (palmillas). Manuelito said the stock was so poor it could not travel to the Bosque now. Herrera said he was not authorized to extend the time set for him to come in. The two men who went with Herrera joined the latter in saying that it was no use to discuss the matter, that if they did not go to the Bosque worse would come to them. That they need not remain behind thinking to have wealth in stock as they used to have; that they would lose not only their stock if they staid, but their lives; that the dead could not be called back, and they had better think of this. The women and children, seeing that Manuelito was not disposed to come, commenced to cry, as they seemed to foresee the consequences of remaining behind. This conversation took place before the arrival of Manuelito's brother. But he soon came, when he said that his animals were too poor, and he wanted to remain. After this conversation Herrera said it was no use to remain longer, that he had delivered his message and would now go back to the Bosque. They then asked for three months to get their stock in order so that they could go. Manuelito said then upon reflection he concluded not to go; that his god and his mother lived in the West, and he would not leave them; that there was a tradition that

