
his people should never cross the Rio Grande, the Rio San Juan, or the Rio Colorado; that he also could not pass three mountains, and particularly could he not leave the Chusca Mountains, his native hills; that his intention was to remain; that he was there to suffer all the consequences of war or famine; that now he had nothing to lose but his life, and that they could come and take whenever they pleased, but he would not move; that he had never done any wrong to the Americans or the Mexicans; that he had never robbed, but had lived upon his own resources; that if he were killed innocent blood would be shed. Herrera then said to him: "I have done all I could for your benefit; have given you the best advice. I now leave you as if your grave were already made. "

Here they parted and Herrera and his companies then came to Zuni, where five Navajos overtook them, some of whom had heard what had been said in council, and told them that a good many Navajoes would come in and that the commander at the fort should be told of it, so as to be prepared for them and not treat them as enemies; that they would try to be in fifteen days, but the snow was deep, and if they failed they would send in runners to tell the reason. Herrera then came to Fort Wingate, and this was the end of his mission.

Jesus, the interpreter, then said that Manuelito told him while the party was at Manuelito's rancheria as follows: "Last summer when I had a talk with you at Canon Bonita I told you I would come in, but I told you I would come in, but I told you falsely. Now I tell you what is true. I will not go, and it is no use in killing up horses in coming for me. I will never go voluntarily. "

Herrera was then asked by General Carleton how many Navajoes he thought were still back in the old Navajo country; how many of all who remain west of the Rio Grande.

Answer. From our calculations there are now six small parties. The first one is beyond the Colorado Chiquito and consists of fifty sould all t and children. They are mostly all Ladrone. The next is Manuelito's band. It lives this side of Colorado Chiquito, about sixty miles beyond Zuni. It consists of about 100 souls, of all ages and sexes. There are about twenty-five warriors. Not over twenty-five of this party say they will stay in the old Navajo country, but will go to the Bosque. The third party is at a place called Queletes, south of Fort Canby. That band consists of sixty or seventy. They are living there on pinons. They had considerable stock, but the Utes have recently taken it. They now live entirely on nuts and roots. The fourth party lives at Pueblo Colorado. This party is poor and lives also on pinons. This party has 100 or more souls, with from thirty to thirty-five men who could bear arms. The fifth party is in Canon de Chelly. This party numbers sixty persons, men, women, and children; has about twenty men. There is a sixth party at the Mesa de Calabasa, which has some stock, say 2,000 head of sheep and 100 horses. This party is friendly with the Pai Utes and numbers about 100. This makes 480 in all at the outside. We think there are less.

Question by General Carleton. In your judgment, how many of these will voluntarily come in?

Answer. We cannot tell how many, but probably seventy or eighty, or perhaps more.

Here the interview ended, and on the 22nd of March Herrera and party left for the Bosque Redondo.

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

78 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I.

