
When heretofore attached to Kansas our cattle and corn have been stolen and our country ravished under the auspices of the authorities sent to protect us, and we greatly fear that if we are again connected with that department our people will be still further impoverished by the same kind of misrule. We further request that Major General James G. Blunt be not again placed in command in our country.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN ROSS,

Principal Chief.

EVAN JONES,

DANIEL H. ROSS,

Cherokee Delegates.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Fort Leavenworth, March 22, 1865.

All officers are hereby strictly prohibited from interfering in any way with trains sent out from this post by the depot quartermaster either going out or returning. Want of transportation is no excuse for a violation of this order, and any officer at any post in this department who interfered with such trains in any way, other than rendering assistance when necessary, will be promptly dealt with, and it is the duty of all commanding officers to report any violation of this order immediately to these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

JOHN WILLANS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Numbers 58. Rolla, Mo., March 22, 1865.

1. Colonel Samuel Fallows, Forty-ninth Infantry Wisconsin Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the post of Rolla, Mo., and will at once enter upon the discharge of the duties pertaining thereto.

* * * * *

By order of Colonel John Morrill, commanding:

J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PLEASANT HILLS, MO., March 22, 1865.

Colonel HARDING,

Kansas City:

Captain Peery has returned from scout. He brought in four horses and equipments captured from bushwhackers. Had three or four spirited skirmishes. He destroyed some bushwhacker harbors and ordered to this place a number of the worst families. He scouted mostly in the Sni Hills. He says that nearly all the people living in that section of the country seem to be friends and supporters of the bushwhackers. I will send more particulars by mail.

A. W. MULLINS,

Major.

