
FEBRUARY 23-MARCH 2, 1865. - Scouts from Salem and Licking, Mo., to Spring River Mills, Ark., with skirmishes.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Rolla.

Numbers 2. - Colonel Edwin C. Catherwood, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 3. - Captain William Monks, Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Rolla. ROLLA, March 2, 1865.

I respectfully report that a scout of fifty men of the Fifth Missouri State Militia from Salem, with about the same number of the Sixteenth Volunteer Cavalry from licking, has just returned from the Arkansas border. Reports having killed 15 guerrillas, captured 12 horses, 3 mules, and a number of small arms. Freeman is reported to be near Batesville with 100 men. It is rumored that there will be a concentration of the guerrillas about the 15th of March.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Edwin C. Catherwood, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS,

Licking, Texas County, Mo., March 1, 1865.

GENERAL: The scouts under Captain Monks, Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, and Captain Benz, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, have returned. They formed a junction at Thomasville and proceeded to Spring River Mills, Ark., where it was reported Freeman was reorganized his command. Freeman's command is scattered (as currently reported) to meet the 15th of March. Freeman, with about 100 men, is said to be at Batesville, Ark. The scout came upon several small squads of guerrillas, killed 15, captured 12 horses and 3 fine mules, 300 pounds of cotton, and some small-arms. I will have the horses and mules branded and issued to Monk's command as they need them. The country around here is particularly quiet. I inclose you paper* found on the bodies of guerrillas, showing how they obtain supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. CATHERWOOD,

Colonel Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry Volunteers.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding District of Rolla.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain William Monks, Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry. LICKING, TEXAS COUNTY, MO., March 3, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your order of February 22, 1865, I moved camp and marched sixteen miles, camping

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

