
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 30. Little Rock, Ark., March 23, 1865.

I. The local superintendent of freedmen at posts within this department will provide and keep a registry of all freed male and female persons (except enlisted men) above the age of twelve years within the limits of their respective posts, which shall exhibit name, age, and place and character of employment. Every head of a family will state the number of children in the household under twelve years of age, and employment, if any. Upon registry being made each person shall be furnished with a certificate, good for three months, which shall show the date of registry and place of employment.

II. All able-bodied freed persons will be required to labor and support themselves by some legitimate employment, and unless satisfactory evidence is adduced at time of registry that they are so employed the superintendent will cause them to the hired to leases of plantations or remove them to the freedmen's farms and require them to labor, under existing regulations. In no case will idleness or vagrancy be permitted, and the Government will not be charged with the expense of supporting such persons within the limits of camps, towns, or cities.

III. All officers of the Government and citizens employing freed persons are required to notify the superintendent of freedmen of their respective localities of the discharge from service of any freed person employed by them, to the end that such superintendent may require them to obtain immediate employment or hire them for service as herein provided. Citizens are requested to report all cases of vagrancy or of persons without visible means of support to the superintendent, for his action.

IV. Commanding officers of posts who are charged with its execution will cause this order to be promulgated upon its receipt, and will require registry of all freed persons, as herein provided, within ten days after publication; and they will thereafter exercise means to prevent violations or evasions of this order. Any freed person found without the certificate herein designated will be turned over to the superintendent of freedmen to be disposed of.

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 72. Little Rock, Ark., March 23, 1865.

* * * * *

4. The Twenty-fifth Ohio Battery will report with the Cavalry Brigade through Brigadier General F. Salomon, commanding First Division, Seventh Army Corps.

* * * * *

By command of Major General J. J. Reynolds:

JOHN LEVERING,Assistant Adjutant-General.

