HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, March 23, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General JAMES H. FORD,

Commanding District of Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley:

GENERAL: Since your dispatch of the 20th I have forwarded you 300 horses, fifty more than you called for. A train of twenty-five wagons will leave to-morrow, to be turned over to you, and the packmules will leave in a day or two. We are waiting for saddles from Saint Louis. This will fit you out and put you in a condition to strake the Indians south of you. General Halleck telegraphs that Colonel Livingston thought the Indians would make peace, but since that telegram they have attacked our trains, which shows that their peace propositions were merely a ruse. I shall send you two additional companies of infantry as soon as I can replace them here, which will enable you to place a strong garrison at Fort Atkinson. I also desire you to make such arrangements in returning General Carleton's escorts as will be most beneficial to the service, and give freighters notice when the escorts start.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, March 23, 1865.

Brigadier General J. H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of February 12, addressed to Major-General Curtis. I have instructed Brevet Brigadier-General Ford, commanding District of Upper Arkansas, to comply with your request and co-operate in protecting the route.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., March 23, 1865.

Major JULIUS C. SHAW,

Commanding at Fort Wingate, N. Mex.:

SIR: I understand if Manuelito, the Navajo chief, could be captured his band would doubtless come in, and that if you could make certain arrangements with the Indians at the Zuni village, where he frequently comes on a visit and to trade, they would co-operate with you in his capture. Whatever honorable arrangements can be made for his capture would doubtless save his people from being robbed and perhaps exterminated. Send runners to tell all Navajoes who want to come in to get to Fort Wingate as soon as possible. I believe many wish to come and will come. Owing to the deep snows which have fallen and the weakness of their animals, consequent upon the late severe winter, the time in which they may come in before hostile demonstrations will again be commenced against those who positively refuse to come is extended to May 1, 1865. Try hard to get Manuelito. Have him securely ironed and carefully guarded. It will be a mercy to others whom he

