
controls to capture or kill him at once. I prefer he should be captured. If he attempts to escape when again in our power, as he did from Fort Canby, he will be shot down. As fast as Indians come in to Fort Wingate send them to Los Pinos, where provisions are cheaper. Send some of those who come as runners to warn the rest to come in, not only to avoid danger, but to help put in a crop this year. Keep me promptly advised of all you do.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 23, 1865.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding this military division directs that you instruct Brigadier General H. H. Sibley to send Brackett's Battalion to Sioux City, Iowa, so as to reach that place May 1. General Sibley will also be instructed to notify General A. Sully by telegraph of the movement of the command, that he may be able to provide forage along their line of march.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 24, 1865-3 p. m.

(Received 3. 30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I wrote to General Pope the day I received notice of Arkansas being attached to his command. That letter will probably reach him to-day or to-morrow. He had better receive it before starting.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 143. Washington, March 24, 1865.

* * * * *

61. By direction of the President, Major George B. Drake, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as assistant adjutant-general, Department of the Gulf, with rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel, under act of July 17, 1862, to date from March 23, 1865.

62. The resignation of Major George B. Drake, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, and first lieutenant, Sixth U. S. Infantry, has been accepted by the President, to take effect March 23, 1865, on condition that he receive no final payments until he shall have satisfied the pay department that he is not indebted to the United States.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

