
result can be reached. Unless this combined effort can be made in good faith and with energy, all attempts to do away with martial law will be fruitless. It is my purpose to originate nothing, except in the way of personal suggestion or advice to the governor, leaving him to put forth whatever orders, statements, or requirements he may deem necessary or judicious, and confining myself to giving him a cordial and unqualified support. I trust that you will see the absolute necessity of doing the some thing; and, more than that, it would seem eminently proper for a man of your standing and influence to use [every effort], both in public and in private, to induce citizens, irrespective of party, to sustain the measures of your State executive. Although the reasons which demand this course seem clear, even in case Governor Fletcher should adopt objectionable measures, in your opinion, I think I can assure you that you will be put to no such effort. I have talked freely with the governor and his views correspond entirely with my own. You will probably see him soon, as I learn that he designs to visit your part of the country for the purpose of inaugurating measures to put in operation the policy set forth in his proclamation of the 7th instant. I hope you will take occasion to see him and talk fully and frankly with him. I am satisfied that you and he will arrive at a satisfactory understanding in this matter. Whether you do so or not, however, I cannot too strongly impress upon you the conviction that all attempts to restore civil administration in Missouri depend for their success entirely upon the amount of support, unhesitating and prompt support, given to the governor, altogether regardless of party feeling or party questions. The great object first to be secured is the restoration of civil power. Under the rule of the civil authorities all matters of controversy can be discussed before the people and settled by the people, as in times past. Unless civil power be restored, such controversies will never be settled at all and the State will remain, as it is to-day, abject and humiliated in the eyes of the country. Do not permit yourself or your friends to lose the great and vital object of your wishes on account of points of party difference. I am only interested in this matter as a citizen of the United States and a man who loves his country and her free institutions. I offer these suggestions to you from a position entirely removed from all connection with party politics or prejudices, and because my official station in Missouri places me in a position to aid in a good work to some purpose. The sooner you take an open and public stand in this matter, the greater will be the influence you will exert and the greater the hope of success.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, Ark., March 24, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas:

The river is now in fine stage. I recommend that the boats be loaded with forage, which will be much needed. The demand for seed corn and oats has been so much that I have not been able to fill it without exhausting the supply for animals. I want to get forage enough here to feed some cavalry horses, which are much needed to

79 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I.

