
at Wilbern Gillmore's. Early on the 23rd I divided the command, sending Captain Benz, of the Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, through Spring and Birch Valleys, with orders to form a junction at Wallace's, nine miles northwest of Thomasville. Moved with my command and marched twenty-five miles to Goldsberry's, on the headwaters of Jack's Fork. Moved on the 24th, and, on reaching Wallace's, attacked a band of guerrillas, killing one and wounding another very severely. Continued pursuit, routed and killed three, breaking up their camps, and scattering them in every direction. Continued pursuit, and near Thomasville was attacked by a force commanded by Dick Kitchen, charging them. After a brisk engagement, routed them in all directions, supposing several to be wounded. Several of my men had their clothes cut by balls, but escaped without any wounds. Marched twenty miles, camping at Colonel's Old's, near Thomasville. After camping, sent out a scout west, routing several and killing one, and breaking up their camps. Captain Benz came up and camped with us, reporting that he had routed several bands, killing two. Moved on the 25th, sending Captain Benz in the direction of Frederick's Fork of Eleven Points River, with orders to form a junction at Spring River Mills, in Arkansas. Moved with my command in the direction of Warm fork of Spring River, attacking a band of guerrillas nine miles north of Spring River, killing five and routing several. Marched twenty-five miles, camping at Spring River Mills. Captain Benz came up and reported that he had routed and scattered a band of guerrillas on Frederick's Fork, killing one, supposing others to be wounded. On the night of the 25th they continued firing for upward of an hour from a bluff at a distance of 300 yards, but could not dislodge them on account of the river and bluff being between us. Moved on the 26th; marched to Frederick's Fork, sixteen miles. While marching attacked Freeman's command of thirty men, charging and routing them, killing two, and encamped at night at Couch's, on Frederick's Fork of Eleven Points River. Moved on the 27th. Routed several, killing one. Marched sixteen miles, camping at Thomasville. Moved on the 28th; marched nineteen miles and camped on Turkey Oak. After camping sent out a scout; broke up a camp of guerrillas commanded by Captain Copeland. Moved on the 1st day of March, marching to Spring Valley, a distance of sixteen miles. Marched on the 2nd, reaching camp at Licking, marching thirty miles. Distance marched, 183 miles. Property captured, 15 horses, 3 camp nine days.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM MONKS,

Captain, Commanding Company K, Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry Vols.

Colonel CATHERWOOD.

FEBRUARY 24, 1865. - Affair at Switzler's Mill, Mo.

Report of Colonel Edward A. Kutzner, Thirty-ninth Missouri Infantry.

GLASGOW, February 24, 1865.

Jackson, with seven men, killed a man by the name of Poe at Switzer's Mill and hung two negroes, besides robbing another citizen. I have sent plenty of men to scout the country. This occurred this day at 12 o'clock.

ED. A. KUTZNER,

Colonel.

Brigadier-General FISK.

