
escort telegraph repairers and mails. There is considerable forage required at Clarksville, Fort Gibson, and Fayetteville, but I have been able to spare them but little.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Brownsville Station, Ark., March 24, 1865.

[CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

Military Division of West Mississippi:]

SIR: I herewith send report of information, in accordance with instructions just received. I would respectfully call your attention to that part of the report which has reference to the supply boats. The boat mentioned is owned by Jackson &amp; McClarren, citizens of this State, who have never been in the U. S. service, and who, I believe, would not scruple to put into the hands of rebels such arms, ammunition, and supplies for which they could get a sufficiently large price. In my opinion such a state of affairs will eventually prove detrimental to the service.

Very respectfully,

JOHN F. PARKER,

Lieutenant and Provost-Marshal.

[Inclosure.]

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Brownsville Station, Ark., March 24, 1865.

CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

Military Division of West Mississippi:

SIR: In accordance with instructions received through the commanding officer and in compliance with circular dated May 30, 1864, headquarters Military Division of West Mississippi, I have the honor to report the following information: A colored fugitive from the neighborhood of Searcy, White County, Ark., who came into our lines on the 19th instant, reports the country is infested with guerrillas or Confederate scouts, under the command of the Raibon, who claims to be commissioned as captain, and to be acting under orders from Colonel Lyles. He also reports that a certain John Bellows, a member of Raibon's gang, claims to be on duty as a patrol; that he is in the habit of brutally beating and otherwise ill treating the negroes, and that in some three or four cases he has murdered them in cold blood and without the slightest provocation. He further reports that a supply boat owned by Jackson & McClarren came up White River from Devall's Bluff to the mouth of Little Red River and up that river to Searcy Landing loaded with supplies-flour, coffee, sugar, whisky, shoes, &c., to barter for cotton, and that while lying at that point Raibon and his gang, fully armed, were present and aboard of the boat superintending the traffic; that they had free access to the bar and other parts of the boat, and that his men were more or less intoxicated; also claiming that they were protecting the boat. All of the above is fully corroborated by Mr. T. A. Foste, a reliable citizen living in White County, and who was present and spoke to Raibon. He also states that a colored man who was in his employ was killed a few days ago by John

