
WARRENSBURG, March 24, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM MEREDITH,

Lexington:

The commanding general directs that you hold your command in readiness to move at short notice.

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., March 24, 1865.

Major BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

Five deserters from General Shelby's division came in last evening. They left their regiment and brigade at Camden on the 10th instant, and state that all the general officers of the rebel army in Trans-Mississippi Department met at Shreveport on the 1st instant, and remained there about Eight days. Shelby's headquarters were at Lewisville. The army was stationed at Clarksville, Shreveport, Lewisville, Fulton, and Camden, and was reported to number 60,000 men. Enough to eat; some deficiency in shoes and clothing; heard and knew of no scarcity of ammunition. Strong fortifications have been constructed this winter on the northeast side of Red River, at Danley's Ferry, near Fulton. Colonel Greene, commanding the regiment to which they belonged, said the day before they left that all the infantry was ordered to march and cross the Mississippi River, and the armed and mounted cavalry were ordered to Menville or Marksville, on the Red River, and would all move as soon as the force at Clarksville moved down to occupy Camden and Fulton, and they were expected on the 11th or 12th instant. Had seen but little artillery. Forage was scarce and stock poor. The rebels had three steam-boats that they had run at Fulton; one a bayou and Red River packet, the other two small boats, and were accustomed to run around the raft near Shreveport by way of a bayou. They had heard of no contemplated advance into this State this spring. Colonel Greene said that Magruder was to cross the Mississippi with the infantry and Shelby was to remain this side with the cavalry. Price has not been with the army for ninety days.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., March 24, 1865.

Captain W. W. HARRIS,

Howard County Guards, Fayette, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have received your favor of the 22nd instant, and have instructed Lieutenant McFarland to draw subsistence for your company. The officers recommended by you will be commissioned by the governor. I congratulate you on the promptness with which you have recruited this company, and trust that there will be no cause of regret that you have been honored with its command. It is important that you commence right. Let the best and most rigid discipline be maintained; make every man do his duty. I apprehend we have considerable work to do. Let us be ready for it. It will be your duty to hunt

