
down and kill all bushwhackers, and to protect the peaceably disposed people in their homes and industrial pursuits. It is the mission of the soldier to put down and not to create disorder. The citizens need confidence, assurance, peace, quiet, and encouragement. It is your duty and mine to see that they enjoy these blessings so far as we may be able to furnish them. You will be careful to permit no unauthorized depredations upon the persons or property of citizens. Yourself and associate officers will be held responsible for the conduct of your men. You will have accomplished a great work if you are instrumental in restoring the good old times to Howard County. You will aid the civil authorities in the discharge of their duty. We of the military are the aides-de-camp of the civil justices, and we must be careful not to interfere with the ministers of the civil law. Infuse life and energy into your men, watch their personal habits, check intemperance. Whisky is a great enemy of good order and the deadly foe of the soldier. Treat it as you would a guerrilla. You will on receipt of this arrange to visit these headquarters at an early day to obtain quartermaster's and ordnance stores.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH KANSAS, No. 4. Fort Leavenworth, March 24, 1865.

Major James Ketner, Sixteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, is hereby announced as chief of cavalry of the District of North Kansas. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Brigadier General T. A. Davies:

D. J. CRAIGIE,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PAOLA, March 24, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Kansas City:

Your telegram from Kansas City received. I will send the two squadrons of cavalry to Hickman Mills without delay.

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., March 25, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 25th day of March, 1865: Captain J. S. Shaw, Company E, First Louisiana Cavalry, Reserve Corps, C. S. Army, captured by men from our gun-boats on Vermillion Bayou the 18th instant, states that his regiment was disbanded on the 16th instant. The men are ordered to report to their commanding officers monthly, and the officers monthly to the enrolling

