
INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S DEPT., DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO,

Santa Fe, N. Mex., March 25, 1865.

Captain B. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit, as directed, the following report for the information and consideration of the department commander, as expressing my views in simply an outline sketch with regard to the captive Indians and their management and their reservation at Fort Sumner, N. Mex., based upon information derived from a variety of sources and a personal examination of the locality and the system at present adopted for their control and support: There were reported at this reservation February 25, 1865, about 9,000 Indians, of whom over 8,000 were Navajoes and the remainder Apaches of different bands. Nearly one-third of these are men, the balance being women and children. More had agreed to come in and were soon expected. The object of the Government now with regard to these savages would seem to be so to control them that they shall not engage in that devastating war upon the vocalized people of this country again which they have heretofore waged for generations and retard the occupation and settlement of one of the richest mineral regions on this continent, and at the same time to make them, so far as possible, self-sustaining. Heretofore New Mexico has fed them, but now the whole country feeds them; and although it may be cheaper to feed than fight them, it is unnecessary, for they can be made to support themselves. The policy adopted for their government, whatever it may be, should, I think, fully comprehend the importance and magnitude of the undertaking; should contemplate the future, and be fixed and unchangeable. The only peace with savages that can avail good to the community is a conquered peace. To preserve peace with them necessitates the observance of a firm, just, but imperative course toward them. The opposite rule of action for their control generally results in protracted hostility on their part, and bloodshed. That these Indians can be partially, at least, civilized and made to work for their own support seems evident from numerous instances of analogous cases with regard to other tribes and from what is daily seen now at this reservation, where a portion of them work willingly and well upon the farm in plowing, putting in their crops, making acequias, &amp;c., and as Government employs in the military service. This reservation is well located in a good section of country for these Indians, and contains abundant most excellent farming land, with water for irrigation, and is capable, with Indian labor properly used and supervised, of producing an excess of cereals and stock above what will be needed for their own consumption. The principal thing to fear is the scarcity of wood. It is true there are many acres of mesquite roots, but these will not, I think, suffice for the wants of the post and Indians. With no great labor or expense a bosque of cottonwood, willows, &c., could be grown there which would meet the demands of the reservation in this article. This course for supplying the post and the Indians with wood is earnestly recommended by the commanding and other officers at Fort Sumner.

March 1, 1865, there were about 2,500 acres of ground broken up, including that used last year, a portion of which was in wheat. There were some thirty plows running, most of which were held by Navajoes. The present system in force for their government and support, which was the only one perhaps, that could well be adopted at first, seems capable of improvement. Living as they now do in scattered and extended camps, unorganized by bands or otherwise, receiving rations

