
FEBRUARY 24, 1865. - Scout from Helena to Clarke's Store, Ark.

Report of Captain John N. Wasson, Eighty-seventh Illinois Infantry.

HELENA, ARK., February 25, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the recent scout to Clarke's Store, Ark.:

Under orders from the general commanding the district, I embarked on the steamer Curlew at daylight on the 24th instant, with fifty men of the Eighty-seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry. Captain Ramsey, of the Sixtieth U. S. Colored Infantry, who was instructed to co-operate with men, was already aboard with fifty men of his command. We proceeded to Berry's Landing, at the foot of Ship Island, and disembarked the horses without difficulty. Captain Ramsey remained in charge of the boat, to follow in two hours, whilst, in command of the mounted force, I proceeded up the river by land. On reaching Rodger's plantation, two miles below Clarke's, in order to cut off every means of escape, I divided my force, leaving Lieutenant Shelton in command of twenty men, with instruction to remain an hour at Rodgers' and then move forward on the direct road. I took the remaining thirty men, marched by a circuitous route through the swamps, by reason of the recent rains almost impassable, and gained the roads leading into Saint Francis County and up the river just in time to bag the soldiers and citizens who were fleeing from Lieutenant Shelton. None escaped. I delivered six prisoners to the provost-marshal last night, and have in my possession two horses, two saddles and bridles, which I will turn in to the proper authorities. One horse was killed. The other prisoners in the disguise of citizens were with their friends trading, without horses and unarmed. I was largely indebted for my success to the very correct information furnished by the guides, Messrs. Fisher and Bogy, in regard to the roads. On the 23rd instant there had been two trading boats, the Lady Pike and May Duke, at the landing exchanging supplies for cotton. One man had permits for goods to the amount of &amp;1,600. The shore was lined with salt and flour barrels, &c. I carefully examined these supplies, but found nothing of a contraband nature. The permits were in proper form and the goods agreed in kind and quality with the invoices. The papers were all approved by Major-General Dana and countersigned by Captain Bryson, of the Navy. A. Mr. Hews, one of the owners of the May Duke, had remained to finish up the business. The boats seemed to have been in a great hurry, as the cotton had been taken on board and the stores piled upon the shore, to be taken away at leisure by the purchasers, who, as the captures verified, were in one case out of every four bona fide rebel soldiers. Unable to detect any fraud in the papers or anything contraband in the goods, and having been instructed by the general to interfere in no way with authorized and legal cotton trading, my duty was at an end and I embarked my men upon the steamer, which had just arrived, and returned to Helena. But I cannot forbear to express a regret at what seems to me to be a suicidal policy, of furnishing aid and comfort to the enemy by feeding and clothing them. By authorizing such trade the Government appears to me to be guilty of treason against itself. Such, of course, is not the intention, but such is the result.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. N. WASSON,

Captain, Eighty-seventh Illinois Mounted Infty., Commanding Scout.

Captain T. C. MEATYARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Eastern Arkansas.

