
BONNET CARRE, March 26, 1865.

(Received 10. 25 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Inspector-General:

Captain Darling resided at Deslondes' plantation since last September, and never had a guard of more than three men with him. I have just ordered the arrest of two citizens for complicity with his capture, or at least being aware of his intended capture. I leave at midnight in pursuit of the rebels, who have crossed through the swamp in the direction of the Amite River.

E. BYRNE,

Major, Commanding Post.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., March 26, 1865.

Captain W. W. CAMPBELL,

Bloomfield, Mo.:

You will with forty men and two officers, besides yourself, start in with the train to-morrow morning and come as far as White Water, without you hear of Bolin before getting there, and then go after him. He is said to have forty men-probably about twenty-five. He robbed a wagon on the ridge this morning. One of the McGeehes was taken prisoner this morning and taken to their camp; he has not got here yet. A scout will be sent from here to meet you, but find them as soon as possible and follow them as long as it will do any good. They came to the road to-day at the old Bolin farm. They are near there.

By order, &amp;c.:

J. C. THOMSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

BLOOMFIELD, MO., March 26, 1865.

Colonel H. M. HILLER,

Cape Girardeau:

COLONEL: The men that Lieutenant Rathbun spoke to you about have returned, and bring the following information: Bolin, 68 men, well armed and mounted, going into camp at Scattersville, 1st day of April. Some small fragments of companies, Bowles, 20 men; Falkner, who is now a prisoner, 40 men; Colonel McCray, 600 men, on Crowley's Ridge; Colonel Kitchen, 600 men, near same place.

W. W. CAMPBELL,

Captain, Commanding Post.

SAINT LOUIS, March 26, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN McNEIL,

Warrensburg, Mo.:

General Sanborn telegraphs that a band of guerrillas numbering thirty passed Neosho going north, on 22nd [23rd] instant, for Missouri River. They will probably cross the Osage west of Osceola and pass through or near Clinton, in Henry County. Be on the alert for them.

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

