HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., March 26, 1865.

Major BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Major Burch, commanding at Neosho, reports that a band of bushwhackers numbering thirty passed north on the 23rd instant about Eight miles west of Neosho. They stated to the women that they were going up to the Missouri River among their friends. They will cross the Osage west of Osceola and pass through or near Clinton, in Henry County. I have had two detachments sent after this band, but they rode with good speed through the district and we are not likely to catch them, as they were well mounted. It is a month earlier than when they commenced moving north last year, and as there is no forage and, as yet, no grass, on the border, I do not think that as large numbers will move at once now as then. I shall do all I can to check and destroy them.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GLASGOW, March 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK:

I have reliable information that sixty-three guerrillas were in Fayette County last Tuesday, marching in the direction of Waverly. They had badges on their hats labeled North Missouri; said they were going to Chariton, Howard, and Boone Counties; that North Missouri would catch hell this season. On Friday a small squad appeared in sight of the steamer Pitcairn at Waverly and demanded whisky; threatened to fire on the boat if refused. They got the whisky. They have or will cross between Waverly and DeMott City. Captain Meredith says he can send or go with sixty men, patrol the river, and find out their whereabouts.

C. H. GREEN.

MACON, March 26, 1865.

Captain MEREDITH,

Glasgow:

You will at once send out a force to patrol the river and find it possible the whereabouts of reported guerrillas, if any are in the regions reported.

By order of Brigadier-General Fisk:

J. H. WAITE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 26, 1865.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose, herewith copy of a dispatch from the officer commanding Fort Ripley, dated 24th instant, which goes to show that there is danger of an outbreak on the part of the bands of Chippewa Indians in this district on the opening of spring. Rumors

