
from various sources of a like character have lately reached me, and you will perhaps recollect that in my dispatch of 24th ultimo I mentioned the bad influence exercised by Indian traders and half-breeds, subjects of Her Britannic Majesty, upon the tribes within this district. That some such evil inspiration is at work both among the Sioux and Chippewas I am well convinced, but whether or not initiated through the means of rebel agents I have not been able to ascertain. The number of Chippewa warriors within the limits of this district is approximately stated in a previous report made by me to Major-General Pope at 1,650, and as they occupy a region as unfavorable, to say the least, as the Everglades of Florida for military operations, a war with them will be a serious affair. Still they are notoriously unfriendly to the whites, and their frequent threats to commence hostilities occasion great alarm and consternation among the exposed settlers. In view of the unsettled condition of things and the very long line which has to be guarded in case of an outbreak of these savages, it is to be regretted that a diminution of the military force in this district is contemplated, as I am informed by letter from General Sully, commanding District of Iowa, that Brackett's Battalion of four companies of cavalry will be ordered to join his command on the Missouri in the spring. I respectfully apply through you to Major-General Pope, commanding Military Division of the Missouri, in case the battalion should be thus detached, to replace it with an equal force from some other quarter, otherwise it will be impossible for me, with a due regard to the safety of the settlements menaced by the Chippewas, to carry out the programme indicated by General Pope is his dispatch of the 28th ultimo from Milwaukee. That dispatch was based upon the supposition that there would be no withdrawal of troops from this command such as is referred to by General Sully, nor was the aspect of affairs with the Chippewas by any means as menacing as it has since become. When it is considered that the entire defensive line in this district is not less than 300 miles east and west and 200 miles north and south it will readily be conceded that, after garrisoning the regular posts, there will remain quite a sufficiently inadequate force for the protection of the frontier, even if left at its present standard. I have the honor to request that the matter may be laid before General Pope for his consideration.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FORT RIPLEY,March 24, 1865.

Captain R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Minnesota:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, upon investigation, I find that the Indians in this vicinity are very much irritated by the treatment which they have received at the hands of dealers in substitutes, who have run off their young men in considerable numbers, and much against their will. Many of them have become very much enraged, and threaten to take vengeance as soon as the snow is gone. From such threats, I think, emanate all the rumors of an intended outbreak of the Chippewas, and I am thoroughly convinced that we shall have

80 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

