
trouble unless this nefarious trade is immediately stopped. A Leech Lake chief called Little Frenchman has had a son taken by them. He told Mr. Johnson day before yesterday that his band would commence hostilities immediately after the snow was gone. One of Hole-in-the-Day's head men also told Mr. Johnson a few days ago that Hole-in-the-Day told him just before he started for Washington to keep quiet and say nothing to alarm the whites, for the (Hole-in-the-Day) intended to commence hostilities as soon as he returned from Washington. This Mr. Johnson is an educated Chippewa, a man who ha always been friendly to the whites, and I think that he may be trusted. I presume that you are acquainted with him. A squaw belonging to a Leech Lake band now encamped near here told our post interpreters that the band to which she belonged intended to commence hostilities early in the spring, and that they came down here to ascertain the strength of the garrison and to learn how many troops were to be left here during next summer.

There are quite a number of savages hanging around here, and I know that it is a common thing for them to inquire how many men we have got here, how many men are to be left here next summer, and if there is to be another expedition against the Sioux. That last item appears to interest them very much. The aspect is indeed very bad; still I am of the opinion that the savages have as yet no fixed intention of commencing hostilities. They are very much enraged, and a slight accident might produce serious results, as of course trouble with any one band would immediately involve the whole nation.

I notified parties of Crow Wing yesterday that I should not allow any more wild Indians to be carried off until otherwise instructed.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. S. HOWE,

Captain, Second Minnesota Cavalry, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 26, 1865.

Captain H. S. HOWE,

Commanding Fort Ripley, Minn.:

CAPTAIN: Your dispatch of 24th instant has been received. The threats of certain of the Chippewas made to Mr. Johnson, &amp;c., are but a repetition of such menaces which are made from time to time, and while they indicate the unfriendly feeling which is known to actuate many of these Indians, General Sibley has no information which leads him to believe that there is any settled or general plan on the part of the bands to commence hostilities. Mr. Johnson is doubtless a well-meaning man, but like representations have heretofore been received from, him and, as he appears to be of a timid disposition, it is believed that the Indians practice upon his fears. Still there is no doubt that there is, as you state, much irritation occasioned by the improper abduction of some of the young men of the bands by unprincipled white men and their sale as substitutes for drafted men. Instructions were given by General Sibley to Major Thompson, then in command of Fort Ripley, on 25th of January last to put an immediate stop to such outrageous proceedings under the general direction of the U. S. Indian agent, and it is not known that there has been any repetition of them since that time. The Indian superintendent any Chippewa agent being both absent, it may be well for you to seek an interview with any

