
of the chiefs or headmen of the Chippewas now in your immediate vicinity, should such there be, and state frankly and plainly to them that these rumors of intended hostilities are prevalent and occasion much alarm among the more exposed settlers; that if they are untrue such language of menace will not be tolerated. If they have grievances to complain of they will be properly redressed by their "Great Father," on proper representation being made. In dealing with these savages all unnecessary harshness of expression should be avoided, but they must be addressed in a farm and confident tone and fully warned of the evil consequences to themselves and their families in case of war being commenced on their part against the whites. Nothing is ever gained with these people by any exhibition of timidity or by evincing the least doubt of the issue of such a contest as they so frequently and flippantly refer to in conversation with the whites. The wretched fate which has overtaken the far more numerous and powerful bands of Sioux who rebelled against the Government should be a warning to the other bands to avoid any language or overt acts which may result in like destruction to themselves. It would not be amiss for you to confer in person with some of the more respectable class of traders resident at Crow Wing, who may be able to throw some more light on the views and intentions of the Indians. You will report from time to time any information which you deem reliable on the subject to these headquarters, and meantime keep your command in readiness to act upon the occurrence of any contingency which may call for military protection to the settlers, should violence be actually attempted. There is a sufficient force in this district which can be spared, in case of emergency, promptly to quell any foolish disturbance which the mischief-makers among the Chippewas may attempt to create. It is high time that it should be decided whether we are to regard the Chippewas as friends to the Government or not, for the constant recurrence of threats of violence on the part of these people has a tendency to keep the border settlers in a state of ferment and alarm almost as detrimental in its effects upon the general prosperity as would be a state of open warfare.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. LARKE,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

CITY POINT, VA., March 27, 1865.

SIDNEY S. JERMAN, Esq.:

I have received your proposition to run three large steamers, now on the Upper Red River, to New Orleans, and to take them laden with cotton, on condition that the boats and cotton will not be subject to seizure when they arrive in New Orleans. If you or any person having charge of these boats chooses to run them to New Orleans, loaded as proposed, you may do so, and the boats shall be exempt from seizure if belonging to parties now loyal, or parties who will conform to existing orders. The parties having the cotton in charge will be allowed to sell it to the United States Government in accordance with section 8 of the act of Congress regulating trade with insurrectionary States, published in General Orders, No. 251, of September 15, 1864, and to have the full benefit of all proceeds so accruing.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

