
FEBRUARY 26-28, 1865. - Expedition from Pine Bluff to McMilley's Farm, Ark., with skirmish (27th) at McMilley's Farm.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel James M. True, Sixty-second Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 2. - Captain George W. Suesberry, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel James M. True, Sixty-second Illinois Infantry. PINE BLUFF, ARK., March 1, 1865.

A scout, commanded by Captain Suesberry, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, attacked Captain Maybery's guerrilla and about twenty-five miles from this place on north side the river. Killed 8 and captured 3.

JAMES M. True,

Colonel Sixty-second Illinois Infantry, Commanding.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain George W. Suesberry, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry. HDQRS. COMPANY L, THIRTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY, Pine Bluff, Ark., March 1, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders I received on the 26th day of February, 1865, I assumed command of a detail of sixty men of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, and proceeded to the north side of the Arkansas River for the purpose of making a scout. I landed the last boat-load of my command across the river at 10 o'clock at night of the 26th, and then started for the McMilley farm, which was my destination. Marched all night; arrived at Wabbaseca Bayou at daylight, when I found the bridge out of repair, which repaired, and crossed the Bayou. Resumed the march and arrived at my destination at 8 p. m. on the 27th. There I found Captain Maybery, of the Confederate Army, with fifty men. I had a sharp skirmish with them (the enemy), which lasted about thirty minutes. Killed 8 of Captain Maybery's command and took 2 prisoners. captured 3 mules and 2 horses. completely routed the enemy and burned their camps, all without getting any of my men hurt. Lost 3 horses. After routing the enemy I, with my command, took dinner on the ground formerly occupied by the enemy, and fed our horses off their forage, &amp;c. Rested my command about two hours, then resumed march for Pine Bluff. Marched back to Mrs. Patton's farm; there camped for the night. Mrs. Patton furnished 130 pounds of bacon, also forage for our horses, for which I gave receipts. On the 28th resumed march. Arrived at Pine Bluff at 10 a. m. after a brief stretch of two days and nights, Scout arrived without the loss of a man.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

GEO. W. SUESBERRY,

Captain Company L, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

First Lieutenant S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

