HEADQUARTERS LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., March 27, 1865.

Major GEORGE R. DAVIS,

Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding Post Napoleonsville:

The general commanding desires me to call your attention to the fact that the current of smuggling has been turned from Plaquemine and The Park and directed through Napoleonville, Paincourtville, and vicinity. The general has directed that in future no goods will be allowed to be landed from the boats running on Bayou La Fourche at any point except Napoleonville, between Donaldsonville and Thibodeaux, except to planters who are well known as friendly to our cause. He desires me further to call your attention [to the fact] that a lack of effort and active interest has been manifested by your provost-marshal and others in ferreting out and detecting these smugglers. No less than four smugglers have been arrested during the last week by orders from these headquarters after having passed through the hands of the Napoleonville authorities. The general commanding desires that no person, man or woman, be allowed to pass through your lines, passes or no passes, without a knowledge on your part that they are not carrying with them a lot of contraband goods under cover of a pass or a permit for personal baggage, as was the case of the two women recently captured at Napoleonville. Your examination of their loaded skirts and other conveniences will show you what an amount of goods and notions can be carried by one person. On the 6th of March a man by the name of Enaud, or Haiznau, passed through Napoleonville to New Orleans. He is a Frenchman, small, strongly built, beard black, eyes gray, complexion red, about forty years of age. This man has been engaged for a long time in smuggling, and is supposed to be a rebel spy. If he has not already passed through your place you may catch him, if on the alert. The general commanding is anxious to have this business effectually crushed out, at least so far as it is carried on through Napoleonville and vicinity; refers it to you as commanding officer at that post, with such information as he has been able to obtain, feeling confident that you will leave no means untried to carry out his instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. B. CAMPBELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., March 27, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I leave to-morrow for Arkansas. Will let you know in ten days everything concerning men and means in Arkansas and elsewhere in this division, for The purposes suggested in your letter of 21st.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,March 27, 1865-1. 45 p. m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Little Rock, Ark.:

I leave for Arkansas to-morrow. Please meet me at Helena with chiefs of your staff departments. I will be there by Friday.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

