
from Pleasant Hill, and ration depot be made at Lone Jack, Snibar, and Wellington. These, with an active force at Independence, must result in The clearing of The guerrilla country. Reciprocal action-sudden dashes, and prompt execution in killing, burning out, and deporting The women-will in a short time give peace to The country. The greatest care should be taken to protect The peaceful and well disposed, and for that reason you will provide yourself with ample transportation and have your forage. That of The people or of The railroad contractors is never to be used when it can be avoided, and when so used properly replaced in kind. You will give Brigadier-General Cooley such aid as you can in enrolling and organizing The militia of his district, but not to let this interfere with The primary duties of hunting guerrillas. I shall have a squadron at Marshall, in Saline County, and as soon as possible Order No. 3 company. The officers will be instructed to co-operate with you and keep you advised of all movements in their neighborhoods. General Dodge arrived here last night and left for Saint Louis this morning.

I have The honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

WARRENSBURG, MO., March 27, 1865.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING,

Kansas City:

I have information that The parties of guerrillas reported to you yesterday passed up on The eastern line of Cass County yesterday. There is a report at Kingsville, or Rainey, that about fifty came in The vicinity of Chapel Hill a few days since and scattered in The county.

JOHN McNEIL.

WARRENSBURG, MO., March 27, 1865.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING,

Kansas City, Mo.:

I sent Captain Wyckoff with his company of consolidated recruits last night in direction of Clinton, with orders to scout for The reported band of guerrillas, and when found hang on to their trail. When that is done he is ordered to report to you at The nearest post to where he might be. I have added La Fayette to your district, fixing headquarters at Lexington. Relieve The companies of The First Missouri State Militia at that place as soon as possible. I will give you two or three more cavalry companies in a few days. Keep them all in The brush. Let me know if you desire to remove The quartermaster and commissary to Lexington.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, March 27, 1865.

Major MULLINS,

Pleasant Hill:

The guerrillas reported moved east of Cass and have scattered. Scout for them whenever you have horses to spare. If Wyckoff comes

