
and he says, upon investigation it was found to be a personal difficulty and The parties all loyal, and this man Barclay will be in no danger of staying at home. Respecting The negro difficulty, I obtained a communication you will find inclosed.

THOS. B. SUTHERLAND,

Captain Company D, Fifteenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry.

GLASGOW, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Forty guerrillas attempted a crossing to The north side of The river at Hill's Landing day before yesterday, but failed in procuring a boat. I have this from a reliable source.

J. D. MEREDITH,

Captain.

MACON, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Saint Joseph:

Colonel Green reports a band of whackers opposite Rocheport, under one Wilhite, a bad character.

J. H. WAITE,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GLASGOW, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK:

That squad of rebels last heard from about Dover. They are commanded by one Wilhite, who was raised near Rocheport. He and Jackson were old comrades; we captured Wilhite in 1862; he was exchanged; he is a rough customer. I think a portion of them will attempt to cross at or about Rocheport, because they are well acquainted on The south side of The river in that locality. Will go down The river to-day. If I hear anything between this and Jefferson will telegraph.

C. H. GREEN.

WICHITA INDIAN AGENCY, BUTLER COUNTY, KANS.,

March 27, 1865.

Colonel FORD,

Commanding District of Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: My present location is on The extreme border of The white settlement in The district known as White Water Settlement. While there is not much outward excitement among The people there is an undercurrent of feverish anxiety and fears of apprehended difficulties with The Indians. Some very injudicious articles have recently been published in The Leavenworth Conservative and other newspapers, calculated to keep up excitement and to mislead. For instance, some writer, over The signature of "Conservative," purporting to write from Fort Riley, stated without qualification that a raid was then being made by a large party from Texas into this part of The country. This statement, if it had any foundation, was based on a rumor then two months old.

