
Many people, however don't take a correct view of The matter, and some began to pack up for moving off. The same writer publishes another article headed "Good news from The Indians," stating that Colonel Leavenworth had just held a grand council with The southwestern tribes, representing everything promising and fair, but intimating a kind of conditional friendship as existing on The part of The Indians. Such statements are calculated to mislead and deceive. The whole of this grand council affair is a romance. No such council or talk has been held with The Plains Indians. For six weeks previous to that writing, nor since, has Colonel Leavenworth been within 150 miles of them. With one motives of that writer I have nothing to do, or with his fables, only so far as they directly affect matters pertaining to my agency. I recently had a two days' visit from some Kiowa chiefs and several talks with them. In general, they seem very friendly disposed, but manifested considerable irritation on some points. In my judgment prudence dictates that there should be a careful lookout kept on all points, and I would respectfully suggest that you have a confidential agent to among those Indians, who are now about 100 miles south, near what is called The Salt Plains; one who could gain their confidence and ascertain their feelings. They manifest a great dread of soldiers. While I would not recommend that soldiers should be stationed in this immediate vicinity, if one or more companies could be stationed fifteen or twenty miles northeast from here as an outpost I think it would be nothing more than a necessary precaution, under The circumstances, and I am anxious to see it done.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. GOOKINS,

U. S. Indian Agent.

HOUSTON, March 27, 1865.

Major-General WALLACE,

U. S. Army:

SIR: I have this day received a communication from Brigadier-General Slaughter and Colonel Ford, of The C. S. Army, informing me that on The 11th instant they had met you, by your invitation, at Point Isabel under flag of truce, "to discuss measures looking to a permanent peace honorable to both parties. " Their report of The interview is accompanied by a series of propositions submitted by you as a basis of negotiation. Had you submitted these propositions in advance, I feel sure The interview would not have been accorded, and that The gentlemen who met you on The part of The Confederate States would have at once declined to discuss propositions which, if accepted by their countrymen, would render their memory infamous for all future time. Stripped of all disguise, your proposition is nothing less than that we of The Trans-Mississippi States are to lay down our arms, surrender at discretion, take an oath of allegiance to The United States Government, and in return to accept such terms of amnesty, pardon, or foreign exile as our conquerors shall graciously accord us. When The States Trans-Mississippi united their destiny with The Confederacy of Southern States we pledged ourselves to share their good and evil fortune; and for four years that this fierce struggle had continued we have faithfully fulfilled our obligations, and now at The commencement of its fifth year it is still our unalterable purpose to share The common danger and The common fate. We are bound to our brethren of The Cis-Mississippi States by stronger ties than mere State obligations. Identify of political and social institutions, a common ancestry, a common cause, and more than

