
all, common sufferings and injuries, have cemented a nationality not to be torn asunder by force, or disintegrated by insidious proposals for a separate accommodation. It would be folly in me to pretend that we are not tired of a war that has sown sorrow and desolation broadcast over our land; but we will accept no other than an honorable peace. With 300,000 men yet in the field, we would be the most abject of mankind if we should now basely yield all that we have been fighting for during the last four years, namely, nationality and The rights of self-government. With The blessing of God, we will yet achieve these, and extort from your own Government all that we ask. Whenever you are willing to yield these, and to treat as equal with equal, an officer of your high rank and character, clothed with The proper authority from your Government, will not be reduced to The necessity of seeking an obscure corner of The Confederacy to inaugurate negotiations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST,New York City, March 28, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of The United States:

GENERAL: I have just received The accompanying dispatches from The Military Division of West Mississippi, and inferring from The letter addressed to me that they are of more than ordinary importance, I send Captain Thomas Lord, one of my aides, by steamer direct to your headquarters to deliver them to you. I shall thus anticipate The ordinary mail and passenger communication through Baltimore by more than twenty-four hours.

I have The honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,New Orleans, La., March 17, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. DIX,

New York:

GENERAL: In The absence of Major-General Canby, I have The honor to request that you will please forward The inclosed package to The lieutenant-general commanding at once. It is important that The dispatches reach The Headquarters of The Army with as little day as possible.

I have The honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Sub-inclosure No. 1.]

BRAZOS SANTIAGO, TEX., March 14, 1865.

[General U. S. GRANT:]

GENERAL: Upon my arrival at New Orleans I was fortunate enough to meet Mr. Charles Worthington, collector of port of Brazos. Mr. Worthington, besides being a citizen of Texas, well known, particularly in The western part, is shrewd, discreet, and trustworthy, and intimately

