
on my own. Looking forward to an interview with General Kirby Smith, I intend asking General Canby to send me General Davis, of Texas, commanding a brigade in our army. Smith and Davis have been life-long friends.

At present, general, I see nothing else important to send you, except that our consul, Mr. Etchison, whom Mejia is said to have outraged, is a humbug, a drunkard, and a fool. His official conduct was unworthy our Government. He has mutilated The books of his consulate. He charged our own citizens unwarrantable fees, and I am assured on excellent authority that it can be established that he has in his pockets several thousand dollars in gold not his own. Even his washerwoman was left unpaid. Certainly there is nothing in The affair justifying attention. Mr. Wood, our commercial agent, has, since Etchison's departure, reached Matamoras and been kindly received by Maximilian's officials. As to The rebel trade by way of Matamoras and Brownsville, I think it is only sufficient to say that I can stand on my boat and count at least 100 vessels of all kinds lying off Bagdad. Neither The port of New Orleans nor that of Baltimore can present to-day such a promise of commercial activity.

Very truly, general, your friend and obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General of Volunteers, U. S. Army.

[Inclosure A.]

BRAZOS SANTIAGO, March 7, 1865.

Major General L. WALLACE:

SIR: I have The honor to report that pursuant to orders from yourself, I proceeded to Matamoras on 2nd, and arrived there on The 4th day of March. In The matter of The extradition of Union men from Mexico into Texas I found that there had been only four men taken from Matamoras, and that only two of those were retained by The Confederate authorities, and they were held solely for crimes committed in Texas. No known Union man of Texas has ever been demanded. After a delay of two days I succeeded in getting an unofficial interview with Brigadier-General Slaughter, ostensibly for The purpose of talking on The matter of extradition. Finding during a prolonged conversation that he was willing to discuss other matters, not confided to me to discuss, I therefore desired that he might meet yourself under a flag of truce, feeling confident that you would gain much valuable information on The status of affairs in this department. He accepted The idea of a flag of truce, and has appointed, as you will find per inclosed letter, a rendezvous at Point Isabel for The 9th instant.

Hoping that I have done as you instructed and desired, I have The honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES WORTHINGTON,

Special Agent Treasury Department.

[First sub-inclosure to Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS WEST SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Brownsville, March 6, 1865.

Mr. CHARLES WORTHINGTON,

Special Agent and Acting Collector:

SIR: In reply to your communication of this date, asking in behalf of The commanding officer of The U. S. forces at Brazos de Santiago an interview under flag of truce, to discuss matters relative to The rendition of criminals, I have The honor to state that it will afford me much

