
FEBRUARY 27, 1865. - Skirmish near Sturgeon, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Luther T. Hayman, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

STURGEON, February 27, 1865.

I came upon Jackson and party just before dark. Did not succeed in killing any; think two are severely wounded, but made their escape in the darkness. Captured five horses and several guns, pistols, &amp;c. Two of my men wounded. Will take their trail at daylight in the morning. They are going in the direction of Perche Hills.

L. T. HAYMAN,

Lieutenant, &c.

Lieutenant CLARKE.

MARCH 1-12, 1865. - Expedition from Baton Rouge to Jackson and Clinton, La.

Report of Major General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army, commanding Northern Division of Louisiana.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,Baton Rouge, La., March 14, 1865.

GENERAL: The cavalry returned on the morning of the 12th instant, having been out just twelve days, and during the very worst weather we have had this season. All the bridges had been swept away, and it was necessary to rebuild those over White's Bayou, Redwood, and the Comite, and, indeed, the road for almost the entire distance from Redwood to the Comite had to be repaired. Had there been no delay or change in the movement above, this column could readily have gone to Liberty and the railroad, but as it is the movement undoubtedly had the desired effect. General Bailey made his headquarters at the Comite, and sent portions of his force into Jackson and Clinton twice. Scott's force was under orders to join Forrest at some point on the Mobile railroad, but was kept back by Hodge, and is still at the covered bridge near Liberty. The impression exists among persons from outside that in a very short time the entire country from here to Vicksburg will be completely abandoned by the rebels, and it is noticeable just at this time that there is a strong disposition on the part of almost ever one outside our lines to get on good terms with the Federal authorities. While on this expedition General Bailey was unfortunate in losing seven Government teams, they being captured by a portion of Hodge's command. It seems they were after forage, and had gone farther than ordered, when surrounded by a body of rebels, but General Bailey coming up with re-enforcements the wagons were destroyed and the teams carried off. General Bailey's report has not yet been received, but will soon be forwarded, and will explain this matter more fully. I propose sending two regiments as far as the Comite in a few days to stir them up again.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General S. A. HURLBUT,

New Orleans.

