
pleasure to comply with your request, and designate Point Isabel as The spot, 12. 30 p. m. of Thursday, The 9th instant, as The time for said interview.

I have The honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. E. SLAUGHTER,

Brigadier General, Prov. Army, C. S. Commanding West Sub-District of Texas.

[Second sub-inclosure to Inclosure A.]

MATAMORAS, March 6, 1865.

Brigadier-General SLAUGHTER,

Commanding at Brownsville, Tex.:

SIR: My attention having been called to a publication in The Brownsville Ranchero, of February 25, 1865, in which The editor says that in The matter of The extradition of criminals you are willing to enter into an agreement for their rendition, I therefore take pleasure in asking you if you would be willing to meet, under a flag of truce, The officer commanding U. S. forces at Brazos Santiago to discuss these matters? If you should be willing to meet him, will you be kind enough to designate The time and place most agreeable to yourself.

I have The honor to remain, your, most respectfully,

CHARLES WORTHINGTON.

[Inclosure B.]

BRAZOS SANTIAGO, TEX., Friday, March 10, 1865.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Commanding West District of Texas:

GENERAL: Our mutual friend, Mr. Worthington, submitted to me his letter to you, dated March 6, 1865, and your reply of same date, in The latter of which you were pleased to designate Point Isabel and 12. 30 p. m. of Thursday, The 9th instant, as The place and time for a meeting to discuss matters relative to The rendition of criminals. Mr. W[orthington]'s communication met my approval, and I hasten to inform you that I was ready to meet you at the appointed time and place. Unfortunately, and very greatly to my regret, the "norther" which prevailed so violently all day yesterday made it absolutely impossible to cross the bay. I send you this note by one of my officers to express to you my disappointment at yesterday's failure, and to inform you that I will be glad if you will renew the arrangement for a meeting at the same place to-day or to-morrow. If you accede to this proposition I hope you will make no objection if I presume to furnish a supply of refreshments for your party and my own.

Oblige me by a reply at your earliest convenience, and consider, me, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major General, Commanding Middle Dept., Eighth Army Corps, U. S. Army.

[Sub-inclosure No. 2.]

POINT ISABEL, TEX., March 12, 1865.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER, and

Colonel J. S. FORD,

C. S. Army:

GENTLEMEN: At your instance I beg leave to submit the following as a basis upon which it is possible, in my judgment, to secure a speedy peace. For the sake of a perfect understanding, permit me to say:

First. The proper authorities of my Government have not authorized me to present terms or make overtures of any kind to anybody.

