
Second. The propositions are drawn with particular reference to the Trans-Mississippi region, and to what I think is a certainty of their proving acceptable to my Government. It should be understood, therefore, that they are by no means in the nature of finalities. It would be presumption in me to undertake to announce in any manner what may be the results of negotiations sincerely conducted by parties properly empowered.

Third. I will venture to suggest that, considering the present situation, your highest present obligations are to your army, your civil authorities, and your citizens. A voluntary settlement on your part cannot, in my judgment, be hoped, unless the honor, happiness, and security of the three classes specified are guaranteed. To this end my propositions are drawn.

PROPOSITIONS.

I. That the Confederate military authorities of the Trans-Mississippi States and Territories agree voluntarily to cease opposition, armed and otherwise, to the re-establishment of the authority of the United States Government over all the region above designated.

II. The proper authorities of the United States on their part guarantee as follows:

1. That the officers and soldiers at present actually composing the Confederate Army proper, including its bona fide attaches and employees shall have, each and all of them, a full release from and against actions, prosecutions, liabilities, and legal proceedings of every kind, so far as the Government of the United States is concerned: Provided, That if any of such persons choose to remain within the limits of the United States, they shall first take an oath of allegiance to the same. If, however, they or any of them prefer to go abroad for residence in a foreign country, all such shall be at liberty to do so without obligating themselves by an oath of allegiance, taking with them their families and property, with privileges of preparation for such departure.

2. That such of said officers and soldiers as thus determine to remain in the United States shall, after taking the oath of allegiance to the United States Government, be regarded as citizens of that Government, invested as such with all the rights, privileges, and immunities now enjoyed by the most favored citizens thereof.

3. That the above guaranties shall be extended to all persons now serving as civil officers of the national and State Confederate governments within the region above mentioned, upon their complying with the conditions stated, viz, residence abroad or taking the oath of allegiance.

4. That persons now private citizens of the region named shall also be included in and receive the same guaranties upon their complying with the same conditions.

5. As respects rights of property, it is further guaranteed that there shall be not interference with existing titles, liens, &amp;c., of whatever nature, except those derived from seizures, occupancies, and procedures of confiscation, under and by virtue of Confederate laws, orders, proclamations, and decrees, all which shall be admitted void from the beginning.

81 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

