
6. It is further expressly stipulated that the right of property in slaves shall be referred to the discretion of the Congress of the United States.

Allow me to say, in conclusion, that if the above propositions are received in the spirit they are sent, we can, in my opinion, speedily have a reunited and prosperous people.

Very truly, gentlemen, your friend and obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General of Volunteers, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., March 28, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 28th day of March, 1865: A report from Morganza, La., states that information through private sources has been received there that a number of leading rebel officers intended to cross the Mississippi near Morganza. The commanders of the naval vessels were notified, but up to date of the report no captures had been made. A deserter from Richmond (Hays' Louisiana regiment, Gordon's division), who left there on the 20th ultimo and reached Montgomery on the 14th instant, reports meeting about 3,000 deserters and furloughed men returning to their commands in the east. Every effort is made to catch the deserters, even to employing dogs to hunt them down, which is done in Mississippi and East Louisiana. There were no troops at Montgomery or Selma, nor at any point in Northern Alabama. The whole country was stripped of men to concentrate them at the points threatened by our forces. The informant was at Camp Moore, La., on the 20th. There were no troops in the vicinity.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MORGANZA, No. 14. Morganza, La., March 28, 1865.

I. Colonel William H. Dickey, Eighty-fourth Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, senior officer present, is assigned to the command of the station and troops at Morganza as post commander.

II. From and after the 31st instant the temporary brigade organizations of the troops at this station will be discontinued and regimental and detachment commanders will report direct to post headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General McKean:

G. G. BENNETT,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

