
assigned to any post, and it is designed for a movable force if it can be mounted. The proportion of artillery is considered ample for the present strength of the department if the batteries can be filled up. The mustering officers in Missouri have been authorized to muster in recruits for the batteries from that State, but as existing orders prohibit the sending of officers for recruits, we are likely to lose them unless Colonel Lothrop can take steps to have them forwarded. Attention is especially invited to No. 7, and it is respectfully requested that the application therein made for the filling up of regiments be urged by the major-general commanding the Military Division of the Missouri. Similar action is requested for the resupply of horses drawn from the department by virtue of No. 6. It is reported unofficially that there are horses at Saint Louis destined for this department, and No. 6 was evidently written with that understanding. No horses have been received. Nos. 8 to 12, inclusive, refer to matters at Fort Smith and vicinity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., March 28, 1865-1. 15 p. m.

Brigadier-General McGINNIS,

Mouth of White River:

Colonel Ryan, commanding at Lewisburg, telegraphs that all deserters from the rebel army east of the Mississippi River now in the Trans-Mississippi Department are being gathered up to be sent back to their regiments, crossing the Mississippi River at Catfish Point. The major-general commanding requests that you cause this information to be furnished to naval officers.

JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF VICKSBURG, No. 71. Vicksburg, Miss., March 28, 1865.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

II. Colonel George W. Jackson, Ninth Indiana Cavalry, is hereby assigned to the command of the cavalry forces, District of Vicksburg, through whom all reports and returns will be forwarded. He will report direct to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General M. L. Smith:

A. C. FISK,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,

March 28, 1865-4 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAIRO, ILL.:

Please have any information, telegraphic or otherwise, that may pass through the office at Cairo, relative to the movement of General Pope down the river, suppressed.

JOS. McC. BELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

