
MARCH 3-7, 1865. Expeditions from Bloomfield into Dunklin County, Mo., with skirmishes (3rd and 7th) near Bloomfield and (4th) in Dunklin County.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Hiram M. Hilled, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

BLOOMFIELD, MO., March 4, 1865.

I sent Captain Campbell, of the Fiftieth Missouri Infantry, with fifty men of the Seventh Kansas and Second Missouri State Militia, into Dunklin County yesterday. They came upon a company of rebels twenty-five miles below here this morning and killed six of them, including Captain Howard, the leader of the band. Captain Campbell had two men wounded. The report is that Colonel Clark is below with 75 or 100 men. Campbell is still out, and I will send him some more men immediately.

H. W. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

General EWING.

BLOOMFIELD, MO., March 9, 1865.

I will send a force to watch for Hilderbrand at the Indian Ford. My men ran into Captain Howard's guerrillas last Friday and killed the Captain and eight men. They came upon Bolin's gang Tuesday and killed two and wounded several.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Colonel BEVERIDGE,

Pilot Knob, Mo.

MARCH 4, 1865. - Affair near Pine Bluff, Ark.

Report of Captain John H. Norris, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY M, THIRTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Pine Bluff, Ark., March 5, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, according to orders, I proceeded with thirty men of our regiment (Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry) yesterday to repair the telegraph. Left Pine Bluff at noon. Hindered and turned out of my way three miles by high water. After the line was found in running order by the repairer, I started in a southwest direction with a hope of coming in contact with some guerrilla and or rebel scout (being heretofore informed of three haunts and places of rendezvous). About sunset I came upon the train of the enemy near Doctor Ursury's; could get no definite information from Ursury's family; they represented them to be about fifty strong. I started upon their trail, and the ground being quite soft I was enabled to follow by occasionally dismounting to examine which way they went when the road forked. About 9 o'clock my advance vidette perceived a light some distance ahead. I halted the column and sent two men ahead to reconnoiter; they reported the enemy encamped in and around some houses about a quarter of a mile ahead. I instantly moved forward with fourteen men dismounted, intending to drawn their fire and retreat to my horses (which were to follow at a respectable distance in rear),

9 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT I

