
Saint Louis, with headquarters here. The evidence shows that these men were at Richmond and Mobile last summer; that they had passes signed by James A. Seddon, Secretary of War, to enable them to move through rebel territory; that they crossed the lines in Mississippi within twenty-five miles of Memphis and subsequently scattered in various directions; that they brought a large amount of gold from Richmond, which it was understood among themselves was to pay for the burning of certain Government property at Louisville and Cairo last summer, &amp;c. Charges have been drawn up against some of them, and their cases will be brought before a military commission at an early day. I am now on the track of other parties in New Orleans, Saint Louis, Mississippi, and Ohio, but at this juncture, just as I have got the matter fairly in hand, and have become acquainted with the names of parties, their haunts, and operations, the money at my command has given out and I am powerless to pursue the investigation further without means are furnished me for that purpose. From the knowledge I have acquired of boat burners and their operations, from New Orleans to Saint Paul, and from beyond the Mississippi to New York and the Atlantic coast, from the favorable location in which I am now placed to gain information of this character, and from having agents already trained to the service at my command, I am satisfied that I could, if the only draw-back, the lack of money, was removed, not only effectually break up boat burning in the West, but also bring many of the boat burners and their abettors to punishment.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. BAKER,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General, Department of the Missouri.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 31, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Brigadier General L. B. Parsons, assistant quartermaster-general, Washington, D. C.

I have made requisition on the Secretary of War for $10,000, as secret-service fund to be used in this and other cases. We stand in great need of the money, and have no means of obtaining it in this department.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., April 18, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Honorable C. A. Dana, Assistant Secretary of War.

By order of the Quartermaster-General:

LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Colonel and Chief of Rail and River Transportation.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 29, 1865.

Brigadier General N. B. BUFORD,

U. S. Volunteers,

Rock Island, Ill.:

SIR: Your letter of March 20 has been received and the inclosure handed to the Secretary of War, as you requested. In reply the Secretary

