
armed. The colonies all build fortifications. Not less than 15,000 acres will be cultivated this summer by them. Rebels are coming daily, and those that do not dare to come in are becoming bushwhackers. I think they cannot exist there long. The colonies on Pea Ridge number 108 men. They tell me they have 4,000 acres under fence, and will cut 800 acres of wheat in July. The people everywhere are in better spirits than ever before since the wag began. We truly have cause to rejoice. We ask your good wishes and your countenance and co-operation whenever opportunity offers. I would like to have the above facts made public for the benefit of Northwestern Arkansas. I do hope you will make us a visit. When shall I expect you? I find General Bussey the right kind of a man, he working for the people and to put down rogues. He expects to visit us soon.

M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 29, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK:

What is being done in Carroll County? Cannot you send a stranger in there, a good, reliable officer? How would Captain Roberts, who is now there, do?

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

CHILLICOTHE, March 29, 1865.

Brevet Major-General FISK:

Have heard nothing of bushwhackers, except Captain Reed's letter from you. Cannot you authorize me to raise a mounted company in Linn and Livingston each, for active service? Delay is dangerous.

I. V. PRATT,

Brigadier-General.

MACON, March 29, 1865-1. 30 p. m.

Major-General DODGE:

Is it practicable for you to furnish a competent, faithful, honest officer for provost-marshal at Saint Joseph? A speedy change must be made. I have discovered a very rotten state of affairs in the conduct of the provost-marshal's department in the northwest. Will report fully by letter. My best officers are now nearly all mustered out of the service. I have not volunteer officers enough to care for the troops and post commanders and constitute a court-martial.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

COTTONWOOD, March 29, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer reports the capture of the camp of Sioux I telegraphed you about from Kearny last week; also reports ninety lodges of Arapahoes within about forty-five miles of Laramie, coming to give themselves up and want peace. Where shall I send

