
be relieved and put in the field. I hear many complaints of them. Brevet Brigadier-General Ford leaves Fort Larned in a few days with 1,200 men to operate against the Indians on the Cimarron. The force at Fort Lyon will give him any aid he may require. They will also co-operate with General Carleton's troops, who are holding two routes from Fort Union, viz, one to Lyon and one to old Fort Atkinson, on the Arkansas. You are on the ground and are therefore the best judge of what will be the best use of your troops, their disposition at posts, &amp;c. You are a stranger to me, but I have placed you in command, believing that you will bend all your energies to the common object and infuse life, discipline, and effectiveness into the forces under you, and give the Indians no rest. You will report by letter semi-monthly your operations, and telegraph me at all times anything you may have of sufficient importance. Contracts or purchases made except by my order or the order of the chief quartermaster of the department meet with great trouble in being audited and paid; in fact they are unauthorized and should be made only in most urgent cases and to answer a present emergency, and when you cannot confer with Colonel Potter or myself by letter or telegraph.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

COTTONWOOD, March 29, 1865.

Colonel MOONLIGHT:

I am in command of District of the Plains, composed of Districts of Utah, Colorado, and Nebraska; headquarters at Denver. Make no movement of troops until my return.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST, No. 10. Milwaukee, Wis., March 29, 1865.

Attention is called to the following proclamation. * The better to check the evil named and carry out the object of the President, all trade with Indians is forbidden north of the forty-fifth degree of north latitude, except as authorized and regulated by the proper district commanders, who will see that the spirit and intent of the proclamation are carefully observed. Persons selling or giving arms, ammunition, or equipments to Indians within that region, and without the special authority designated by the district commanders, will be liable to arrest, trial, and summary punishment according to the laws of war, and all officers commanding in that region will see to the prompt prosecution of such offenders. And all persons advising, aiding, or assisting Indians to go beyond our lines to trade, and all Indians, half-breeds, and other persons who procure arms or ammunition from "persons dwelling in foreign territory" for the use of Indians within the territory mentioned, will also be guilty of a military offense, and liable to punishment according to the laws and usages of war. The security of settlements and legitimate trade of the good citizens on both sides of our lines should be protected, and the rights of neutral powers must be respected, but avaricious and licentious persons must not combine with hostile Indians to enable them

---------------

*See proclamation of the President, March 18, p. 1205.

---------------

