
to carry on murder and massacre with our settlements; and swift and sure vengeance will overtake offenders against the provisions instituted to protect our people against Indian atrocities.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

C. S. CHARLOT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KEOKUK, IOWA, March 29, 1865.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Dubuque, Iowa:

GENERAL: I cannot judge so well as yourself in regard to proposed changes of the troops in your district and see no doubt of the propriety of the shifting companies as you suggest. Indeed, it is for you to judge of their best use. As soon as the upper portion of the Mississippi is clear of ice so boats can get up to Saint Paul and roads are passable I propose to go up perhaps as far as to the Red River of the North, and I shall hope to see you and General Sibley both for the purpose of fully understanding matters and exercising my own judgment in conjunction with yours. I have directed an order designed to carry out the object of the President's message, which will be sent you as soon as published. I thought the proclamation was plain enough, but at the suggestion of General Pope I have imposed some further restraints on Indian trade, which district commanders will have to attend to. I hope you will try to avoid any trouble with officers acting under instructions from the Interior Department. Of course, you will also respect the rights of neutrals who are within the British lines. The cupidity as well as the knavish jealousy of a few frontier traders must not draw us into acts of resentment that would involve complications between great national powers. If British traders come on our side of flourish their flag and trade with our enemies, civil or savage, our right to take and dispose of them summarily cannot be doubted, if we can catch them on our side. But it is better to bear with many indifferent or doubtful offenses when such traders would be surrounded with willing witnesses who would seek to make any retaliatory act appear as faulty and formidable as possible. I am here spending a few days at my own home, but expect to go again to Milwaukee before going to the upper country, and keep myself well posted as to business which goes to headquarters.

Hoping to see you soon, I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

New Orleans, La., March 30, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of West Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit for your consideration the following report of information received at this office this 30th day of March, 1865: A rebel prisoner gave the following information of the way in which the Confederate scouts enter our lines in La Fourche District to one whom he supposed to be a secessionist: Striking across

82 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

