
the country from Centreville, on the Teche, they enter the Atchafalaya through Wax Bayou, south of Brashear City. Crossing the river they go up Bayou Shaffer to a point one mile below Hopkins' plantation, where the land was at one time cultivated, but is now overgrown with cane, briers, &amp;c. A trail will be found there leading into the swamp on both sides of the bayou. One or two blazed trees are near. Mr. Fitz, who had a mill near there, confirms this statement, saying that some time ago a skiff with some articles in it was found at this place by some of his workmen. Mr. Henderson, at the Hopkins plantation, three miles from Tigerville, will know the exact locality. These scouts go in two directions, one toward Brashear City the other toward Tigerville, and return in the same way.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

Major, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

(In absence of Captain S. M. Eaton, chief signal officer, Military Division of West Mississippi).

NEW ORLEANS, March 30, 1865.

Major-General HERRON,

Baton Rouge:

The Confederate gun-boats were ordered down from Shreveport to Alexandria last Thursday. The heavy guns at Shreveport were being removed to Grand Ecore. The movement across the Mississippi may be expected. The force at Alexandria and below is being quietly strengthened and outposts re-enforced. Trade has been stopped. Notify the naval officers and watch the line closely.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 30, 1865-4. 20 p. m.

Colonel HARDING,

Kansas City:

Have companies from Saint Joseph arrived yet? Has Third Wisconsin got in yet? General Blunt has been ordered to send what cavalry he has on the border into Missouri to act under his orders. Communicate with him so as to have no conflict of our troops. *

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, March 30, 1865.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Macon, Mo.:

Thirty guerrillas from Arkansas have passed through my sub-district. My men lost their in the Sni Hills. They told citizens that they were going north of the Missouri River.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Colonel, &c.

---------------

*For answer, see April 1, Part II.

---------------

