
from Little Rock and reported for duty, and were immediately set to work throwing up intrenchments. On the 15th scouts reported the enemy as re-enforced and approaching in four directions to attack on the morning of the 16th instant. Every preparation was made for their reception. On their arriving within twelve miles of our lines they retraced their steps, crossing the Petit Jean near Danville, moving in a southerly direction. On the 19th dispatches received from Colonel Judson, commanding U. S. forces at Clarksville, reporting the attack by the enemy on steamers near Ivey's Ford, and capture and destruction of the steamer Chippewa, and remainder of fleet in perilous position, on the morning of the 20th instant, at 4 o'clock, sent Captain Hamilton, with sixty men of the Third Arkansas Cavalry, to go through to the boats, render what assistance he could, and, if possible, bring any or all of them down. To cover this move I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Cooper, with Fortieth Iowa Infantry and one piece of artillery, to Chickalah; at same time sent force of fifty infantry to follow Captain Hamilton twelve miles and return. The movement was entirely successful, Colonel Cooper breaking up their rendezvous near Chickalah and destroying 1,200 bushels of wheat stored there for the use of the enemy. Captain Hamilton returned on the evening of the 21st instant, having met near the boats Colonel Williams' brigade of colored troops on way from Fort Smith to Little Rock. On the night of the 24th Newton's regiment returned to Boggs' Mill (twelve miles from Dardanelle) to grind flour and leave before sunrise. At midnight sent Lieutenant-Colonel Steele, with Eleventh U. S. Colored Infantry and detachment Third Arkansas Cavalry, who succeeded in surprising the command, capturing the flour, his papers, 18 horses, and 20 stand of arms. I remained at Dardanelle to cover the passage of Colonel Williams' brigade and train, and evacuated the place on the morning of the 27th instant.

Major Jenks, commanding forces during the engagement of the 14th instant, is entitled to every praise for gallant conduct and the admirable manner in which he handled his troops on that occasion, and for prompt and faithful discharge of duty on all occasions. Captain Giesler, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, Captain Hamilton and Lieutenant Wylie, Third Arkansas Cavalry, and Lieutenant Campbell, Third U. S. Cavalry, are entitled to special mention as brave and efficient officers.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel Third Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Arkansas and Seventh Army Corps.

ADDENDA.

Medals of Honor awarded for distinguished services under Resolution of Congress, No. 43, approved July 12, 1862, and section 6 of Act of Congress approved March 3, 1863.

Name. 	 Rank and	 Date. 	 Awarded for-

 organization.

 	 1865.

Ellis,	 First sergeant	 Jan. 14	 Gallantry in

William	 Company K, Third	 	 action at

 Wisconsin Cavalry.	 	 Dardanelle, Ark.

Lohnas,	 Private, Company	 May 12	 Gallantry in

Francis W. 	 H, First Nebraska	 	 defending

 Veteran Cavalry. 	 	 Government

 	 	 property against

 	 	 Indians at

 	 	 Gilman's Ranch,

 	 	 Nebr. Ter.

