
mount, and charge with revolver and saber. Drawing near I deployed my fourteen dismounted men as skirmishers and moved up with forty yards of their camps, fired two volleys with carbine, which so completely surprised them, and threw them into such consternation, that I immediately ordered a charge, which order was readily and gallantly obeyed, completely routing them from their camps and also from all the houses in which they had taken shelter. They were panic-stricken and fled in every direction. I found the command to consist of Captain Kidd, Lieutenant Dixon, Lieutenant Emilie, and twenty-four men. I only know of five being killed; don't know how many wounded. Captured 2 prisoners, 14 horses and 5 mules, 10 stand of arms, 3 U. S. cavalry saddles, and 2 U. S. cavalry curb bridles. Not one of my men hurt, though I was closely grazed myself in two or three places. I had necessarily to travel a circuitous route on my return, because I knew nothing of the country or the roads. I started back immediately. Arrived this morning at 7 o'clock, having traveled not less than fifty-five miles. Not being able to convey the arms in I destroyed them all, except three which are returned to post headquarters. The horses and mules are turned over to the quartermaster, the saddles and bridles are at regimental headquarters. Inasmuch as the citizens in the country adjacent the road are using the telegraph wire for various purposes, I would respectfully suggest that summary punishment of inflicted wherever any of the wire is found.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. NORRIS,

Captain Company M, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Pine Bluff, Ark.

MARCH 5-12, 1865. - Scouts from Waynesville to Hutton Valley, Rolla, and Lebanon, Mo.

Report of Major John B. Kaiser, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF WAYNESVILLE,Waynesville, Mo., March 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of scouts, marches, &amp;c., required by General Orders, Numbers 25, headquarters District of Rolla, series of 1863, for the week ending March 12, 1865:

March 5, upon reliable information being received at this post concerning a band of guerrillas that were in this vicinity, I sent Sergt. S. B. louis with six enlisted men in pursuit of them. Andrew Lawson, a citizen of Waynesville, was captured by those guerrillas some eight miles north of this place, and was taken from thence as far south as Houston, Mo., and was shot by them. The sergeant while in pursuit of them found the body of Lawson at that place. The sergeant pursued them as far south as Hutton Valley, having met with no success, returning on the 10th instant, having marched 150 miles. March 5, some guerrillas were reported as being in another direction. I sent Sergt. David Asten with five enlisted men in pursuit of them. The sergeant returned on the 6th instant, having met with no success, marching thirty miles. March 6, Captain James Quinn and escort returned from Rolla, Mo., having marched sixty-four miles. March 9, Sergt. John Y. Baldwin and squad returned from scout. Met with no success, having marched 100 miles. March 10, Sergt. J. H. Hees with eight enlisted men started as

