
army, and being inpressed that his life was in peril for having been found with bushwhackers has, on the promise of having a pardon granted him, turned State's evidence. He has given much valuable information and has piloted a recent scout, corroborating many of his statements. He states that Captain Reasoner, pilot in Government employ, is engaged in supplying the rebels with ammunition, &amp;c. ; that he is now at the north and is daily expected back, and will bring with him 1,000 boxes of caps to leave with his family at Dardanelle for distribution. Reasoner has sent word to Haptenstall and Truett (captains of bushwhackers) to fire on the boat. When the firing has continued for some time he, Reasoner, is to run the boat to the bank and surrender; also that at one time when they had fired into the boat and wounded a woman, Reasoner was about to run the boat into the bank, but the firing ceased too soon. Reasoner has generally passed for a Union man. His family are noted rebels and reside in Dardanelle. I think the information well worthy of attention, and would advise that Reasoner be permitted to come up the river as usual, and when about to land at Dardanelle arrest him, with the packages he is about to take ashore with him.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

FORT SMITH, ARK., March 31, 1865.

Colonel M. LA. RUE HARRISON,

Fayetteville, Ark.:

It is reported to me that you have issued orders compelling all the people in Northwest Arkansas to join the colonies or they would not be permitted to raise any crops, and that there are many old men and widows with small boys who cannot join these colonies who will be left to starve. If you have issued such orders they must be revoked. I am clearly of opinion that such a policy is ruinous to the best interests of the people and the country. It is a military despotism. These colonies must be organized by the people for their own protection, and no person will be compelled to join. They will not be guaranteed any military protection whatever, and the military authorities will have nothing to do with coercing men to join them. I believe the colony system impracticable, but if the people want to try it they will be permitted and encouraged to do so. Loyal people, widows, and others, without rmitted to cultivate their lands at home. The people residing in the country are not to be driven from their homes except for crimes against the Government, and are not to be molested, but will be protected by your command. You will immediately send me copies of all orders issued by you and continue to do so in future. It is also reported that an officer of your command said in a public speech in Fayetteville, in presence of enlisted men of your command, that he would burn the house and kill any man who would not join a colony. You will report the facts in this case. I have no use for such officers and will adopt measures to get rid of them.

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

