
FORT SMITH, ARK., March 31, 1865.

Colonel M. LA RUE HARRISON,

Fayetteville:

My dispatch was for the purpose of eliciting the facts. I desire nothing but your own report on the subject. I am satisfied you are laboring for the interests of the people, but, if correctly informed, your subordinates exceed your instructions and oppress the people. So far as you communicated your plans when here, they were perfectly satisfactory. At the proper time I will inform you of several parties who reported to me.

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General.

CLARKSVILLE, ARK., March 31, 1865.

Brigadier-General BUSSEY,

Fort Smith:

About 100 Missourians crossed the road, cut the wire in four places, and tore down the poles near Horse Head. I need cavalry. Sent yesterday to Illinois Bayou, on the line. Have eight mounted men.

M. L. STEPHENSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT GIBSON, C. N., March 31, 1865.

General BUSSEY,

Commanding Fort Smith, Ark.:

SIR: There is under Major Cutler (now absent) and my agency some 5,000 or more loyal refugee Indians, embracing Creek, Seminole, Choctaw, and Chickasaw, who are absolutely on the verge of starvation, no supplies having been furnished within the last three weeks, owing in a great measure to the difficulty of transportation, teams hauling during the winter having been detained here so long that it is impossible to get them to try the trip again under such circumstances. Would your order that half rations of flour be furnished from the commissary here, to be returned or accounted for by the Indian Department, as you may direct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. Indian Agent.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 31, 1865-5. 30 p. m.

Major-General DODGE,

Saint Louis:

The Secretary of War directs that all captured hostile Indians be held as prisoners and confined at convenient military posts till the Department of the Interior may see fit to provide for them. They may be made to labor and put in crops for their support. The selection of places of confinement is left to the decision of yourself and General Pope.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

