
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 87. Saint Louis, Mo., March 31, 1865.

The trains of freighters and emigrants crossing the plains, and the arms and ammunition of the parties accompanying them, will not be seized or interfered with by any officer or troops of this command.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 88. Saint Louis, Mo., March 31, 1865.

I. In order that the people of Missouri may arm themselves and defend their homes, towns and counties against guerrilla bands, outlaws, marauders, robbers, and armed rebel enemies of the United States, all restrictions upon citizens purchasing and carrying arms and ammunition for their own use in force in the State of Missouri are hereby removed.

II. Merchants or others taking advantage of this order to sell or otherwise furnish any arms or ammunition for the use or benefit of any guerrilla, outlaw, marauder, robber, or rebel enemy of the United States will be arrested and punished to the extent of the law.

III. Merchants selling arms and ammunition will keep a list of names of persons to whom they sell the same, with description, quantities of the articles sold, which said list will at all times be subject to inspection by the proper military authorities.

By command of Major-General Dodge:

J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT SMITH, March 31, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN B. SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

About 100 Missouri rebels crossed the Arkansas River day before yesterday below Clarksville, and have gone toward Missouri. They destroyed the telegraph on the Little Rock line. I have no other information of them.

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH Regiment CAVALRY MISSOURI VOLS.,Mount Vernon, March 31, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the result of a scout sent by me west of a detachment of Companies B and C of the Fifteenth Regiment Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, under command of Captain Roberts, which is substantially as follows:

We have scouted Spring River thoroughly from Carthage west down several miles below the line. We also scouted Center Creek and North Fork of Spring River to the mouth. We found no bushwhackers nor any fresh sign. On Spring River, about

