
seven miles west of Carthage, we found a trail where some fifteen rebels had crossed and gone north, I presume, some five or six days ago; and some fifteen miles below there we found a trail where some six mules and one horse had crossed, going north, I suppose, six days ago. On Spring River, near the mouth of Center Creek, we found two camps, and from the sign I suppose there were from six to eight had been at each camp, and from all appearances I suppose they had been evacuated some ten days ago. There is no family on Spring River west of Sly's Mills. Those families that lived on Spring River when I was there before are gone; their wagon tracks went north.

Your most obedient servant,

SAMUEL E. ROBERTS,

Captain, Commanding Scout.

The scout left Mount Vernon the 25th instant and returned 30th. Made no discoveries. The captain informs me that there has been no forage or corn put or fed in that country that he could discover.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 17. Macon, Mo., March 31, 1865.

The counties of Randolph, Howard, and Chariton will constitute the Sub-District of Howard, headquarters at Glasgow, Mo. Colonel A. F. Denny, Missouri Militia, having reported at these headquarters for active service, is hereby assigned to the command of the Sub-District of Howard. Commanding officers of companies and detachments within the counties aforesaid will report direct to Colonel A. F. Denny, sub-district commander.

By order of Brigadier General Clinton B. Fisk:

THOS. J. TIDSWELL, JR.,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI, Numbers 66. Macon, Mo., March 31, 1865.

* * * * *

3. The detachment of Company M, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, stationed at Warrenton, Mo., will proceed without delay to Mexico, Mo., and report to the commanding officer of Company M for duty.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General, Clinton B. Fisk:

W. T. CLARKE,First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,

Macon, Mo., March 31, 1865.

Colonel B. W. LEWIS, Glasgow:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor herewith to hand you my indorsement on the paper from His Excellency Governor Fletcher and to reassure you that while I remain in command of this district I will at all times be pleased to afford you safe escort and the best protection the means at my disposal will permit. I also inclose my indorsement upon your claim for damages sustained by the burning of your warehouse and contents by the rebel army at Glasgow in October last. The facts as set forth in your petition are substantially true, and I trust that you

