
escort with Government train to Lebanon, Mo., returning on the 12th instant, having marched sixty miles. March 11, Lieutenant U. Bates with eight enlisted men was sent to Rolla, Mo., to escort Waynesville post train to this, returning on the 12th instant, having marched sixty-four miles. A stage escort of six men is furnished daily from this post to the California House, who travel fifteen miles.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. KAISER,

Major, Commanding Post.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rolla, Mo.

MARCH 7, 1865. - Skirmish with Indians eighty miles west of Fort Larned, Kans.

Report of Bvt. Brigadier General James H. Ford, Second Colorado Cavalry, commanding District of Upper Arkansas.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, March 19, 1865.

GENERAL: Your telegrams of 18th just received. Indians attacked a train eighty miles west of Fort Larned on the night of the 7th, but were driven off. second U. S. Infantry has arrived and been stationed as follows: One company here, one at Saline, one at Elsworth, two at Zarah, and three at Larned. Will immediately establish post at or near old Fort Atkinson. I will need at least 250 more horses to mount my cavalry. Requisitions for horses for my regiment have been sent in. Captain Boyd is at Leavenworth and will attend to it. we need pack-saddles. I start for Larned in the morning. Shall go through in one day. All cavalry will be concentrated at Larned immediately, except enough to keep up courier-line. Lieutenant Baldwin, artillery office, has been ordered in. I wish you would send me a good artillery tactician in his place. I need one immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

MARCH 7-15, 1865. - Scout from Glasgow to the Perche Hill, Mo.

Report of Captain John D. Meredith, Thirty-ninth Missouri Infantry.

GLASGOW, March 26, 1865.

Lieutenant J. H. WAITE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of North Missouri:

LIEUTENANT: I herewith transmit you report of a scout made by me in the Perche Hills. I have since made another scout in the same locality, a report of which I will forward you in a few days.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

J. D. MEREDITH,

Captain Company D, Thirty-ninth Missouri Volunteers.

