
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, No. 1. Fort Towson, C. N. January 1, 1865.

* * * *

II. The major-general commanding has been furnished by Brigadier en. Henry E. McCulloch, commanding the Northern Sub-District of Texas, with his General Orders, Numbers 33, dated December 29, 1864, which he has caused to be printed and distributed for the information of the troops of this district. Order after order has been issued from these headquarters prohibiting those in the military service in the district from leaving the same without authority from district headquarters, yet the major-general commanding is constantly receiving notice of men of the district being in Texas without such authority. In some instances complaints have been filed of depredations committed. It is hereby ordered that no officer, soldier, or employ in the military service of the Government on duty in this district shall leave the same without authority from these headquarters. Any person violating this order will, upon notice thereof, be brought before a general court-martial, and any men of the cavalry violating the same will, upon proof thereof, be transferred to the infantry or artillery. To avoid all mistakes, whenever an officer a pass or furlough he will transmit it through the proper channel to these headquarters. No pass or furlough will be approved here when presented in person by the applicant, and the officer who delivers the same will subject himself to a general court-martial. In addition to the imperative necessity of this course, for the good government of the troops, it is of the utmost importance that no collision or difficulties should spring up between the troops of this district and the authorities in Texas. The major-general commanding calls on all the officers of the district to give force and efficiency to this order.

By order of Major-General Maxey:

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NORTHERN SUB-DIST. OF TEXAS, Numbers 33. Bonham, December 29, 1864.

Recent thefts, robberies, and murders committed in this county by lawless men renders it necessary that our country should be cleared of all men who do not properly belong to it, or who are here from the army without proper authority. Hence, all officers commanding troops in this sub-district are ordered to use their utmost exertions to arrest all such, and if officers or soldiers return them to their commands in arrest, and if persons not officers or soldiers but owing military service to the Confederate States, send them to the nearest enrolling officer, to be disposed of by him as law and order directs. No orders, leaves of absence, or furloughs or passes will be respected unless given by authority of the commander of the Trans-Mississippi Department or the commander of some district, by General Greer, commandant of conscripts, Brigadier General J. B. Robertson, commanding Reserve Corps of Texas, or from these headquarters. And should any party be found in the brush or banded together to resist the lawful authorities they will be fired upon at once and shot as long as they resist or try to escape. Officers of the Reserve Corps will proceed at once to enforce this order in their respective districts and counties, and will as far as practicable co-operate with the enrolling officer and will report all who fail to do their

