
duty and prosecute all citizens who permit soldiers from the army or enrolled conscripts without proper papers to stay at or be fed from their homes or premises. Officers of the Reserve Corps being charged with the enforcement of this order, any neglect of duty by them will be promptly punished.

By order of Brigadier-General McCulloch:

B. E. BENTON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 1. Shreveport, La., January 2, 1865.

I. The general commanding having been informed that unauthorized persons are collecting the "tax in kind," it is hereby announced that only regular officers and agents on "tax in kind' duty, bonded quartermasters and commissaries, and those persons specially authorized by the officers in charge, or controlling quartermasters of States, can give valid receipts to a producer for his tithe tax. All other persons than those specified above are positively prohibited from giving receipts, which would be unjust impositions and worthless to the tax-payer. Commissaries and quartermasters serving with troops, and those purchasing supplies, can only collect tithes when specially authorized by the chiefs of their respective departments. Those who have collected any portion will receipt immediately therefor to the officer in charge of the district where the collections have been made, or in his absence to the controlling quartermaster of the State. They will strictly conform to the orders on this subject from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office at Richmond. This order will be published immediately by the district commanders, who will cause every officer or soldier guilty of any violation thereof to be promptly arrested.

II. Major J. F. O'Brien, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty in the inspector-general's department, and will report to Colonel Ben. Allston, inspector-general.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS WEST SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Brownsville, January 2, 1865.

Captain S. D. YANCEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report through you to the commanding general that Lieutenant Colonel Mat. Nolan, of Benavides' regiment, was assassinated at Corpus Christi. I can account for this only in one way: He was walking in company with one Mat. Fox and was met by two brothers, named Gravis, whose sister had been seduced by Fox. They were determined to kill Fox, and as Nolan was sheriff of the county and would be the strongest witness against them, they destroying him also. The murderers had not at last accounts been discovered. Captain S. L. Scott's company, of Bradford's regiment, will shortly start for its command. I detained them for the purpose of supplying them with cloth-

