
ing, of which they stood absolutely in need; in fact, was next to impossible for them to proceed to the interior in the condition in which they were. I desire also that they act as guard to the large number of prisoners I am forced to send to district headquarters. The enemy upon Brazos Island have been re-enforced by 320 men. Their force now numbers 1,600, two-thirds of whom are negroes. Since being re-enforced a party of 300 infantry and a small support of cavalry crossed over to the mainland and attacked our advance picket-line, driving them steadily back to the reserve line of pickets, who in turn drove them back. No casualties on our side; cannot say definitely as to the results to the enemy. Owing to the scarcity of corn my troops are scattered so as to procure grass. Corn is selling at such a high figure that I do not consider the resources of our Government will permit of its purchase for this command.

The most amicable relations exist between myself and the authorities in Mexico. I have negotiated a treaty with General Mejia, a copy of which I will forward to you in a few days, by which all criminals and refugees from justice on either side will be returned upon requisition, and also armed parties will be permitted to cross the river in pursuit of fugitives.

My chief quartermaster and chief commissary are both absent, using every effort to establish depots of supplies at Ringgold Barracks and San Diego (the latter seventy miles from Corpus Christi), at each of which I shall accumulate twenty days' rations for 2,000 men. I think with the full support of chief quartermaster and chief commissary of the district I will be able to supply the wants of this command almost entirely from the interior. As soon as I can get in the muster-rolls of this command I will be able to forward exact report of number of men, how armed and equipped, and such other information as will fully acquaint the commanding general with the condition of affairs upon the frontier. Many of the horses are broken down and completely worn out, and men owning them are unable to remount themselves. I am endeavoring to collect 500 mustangs to replace them, and send this stock to the rear to recuperate. Upon arrival here I found this command totally demoralized; plundering and robbery was perpetrated indiscriminately. I have checked this in a measure, and by my orders large numbers of deserters have either fled the country or been ordered to their legitimate commands. One company, Captain Chapman's, composed almost entirely of deserters who have been pardoned and assigned to duty under instructions from General Magruder, have scattered since the reception of orders for the company to report at these headquarters, being fearful as to the course which would be pursued toward them. I had no force to send in company with the order to enforce obedience thereto, but I think it is best for all such men to be driven out of the country, as they cannot be depended on in case of necessity. I have divided my command into four divisions; are commanded by Colonel C. L. Pyron, Colonel A. C. Jones, Colonel Santos Benavides, Colonel J. S. Ford.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. E. SLAUGHTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

