
ordnance bureau. Trans-Mississippi Department, to be transmitted by him to the second auditor of the treasury at Marshall, Tex. A statement of all stoppages made by the board of survey against officers and men will be furnished by the brigade, division, or district ordnance officer to the brigade inspector or other officer having charge of that duty, who will see that these stoppages are actually made. The above instructions will also be adhered to in the artillery, where the board of survey will be called by the commanding officer of the troops with whom the battery or company may be serving.

II. Ordnance sergeants will remain habitually with their regiment and will keep themselves constantly informed as to the positions of the brigade ordnance train.

III. Issues of cartridges, except to cover expenditure in action will be limited to three rounds for each man per month, for the effective strength of the command. Should it appear from the property returns that the expenditure has exceeded this limit the money value of the excess will be stopped against the ordnance officer, as presented in paragraph I of this order.

IV. The chief ordnance officer of the army or district will report, within thirty days after the expiration of each quarter, any failure on the part of the officers in the command to which he is attached to make the returns required by the regulations.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JANUARY 3, 1865. -For Belton to Buckner, relative to transfer of troops to east of the Mississippi, See Vol. XLV, Part II, p. 765.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 3. Shreveport, La., January 4, 1865.

I. The following order is published for the information of all concerned:

EXCHANGE NOTICE, Numbers 13.] RICHMOND, December 1, 1864.

1. All Confederate officers and men who have been delivered by the Federal authorities at any place prior to November 25, 1864, are hereby declared to be exchanged.

2. All officers and men of the Vicksburg capture of July 4, 1863, who reported at any parole camp either east or west of the Mississippi River, at any time prior to November 1, 1864, are hereby declared to be exchanged.

R. OULD,

Agent of Exchange.

II. All officers and men who have been exchanged by Notices Numbers 12 and 13 will report for duty with their respective commands without delay.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

