HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 5, 1865.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: Inclosed is a copy of a letter to General Maxey, directing him to remove Gano's brigade from the vicinity of Laynesport. The scarcity of forage in the Red River Valley compels the removal of the cavalry without delay from that section of country. The supplies there should be husbanded for the support of our infantry and operations in the spring. I am led to believe that in Kaufman, Dallas, and Van Zandt Counties, near the Trinity, there is considerable forage. I will transmit all the information I can collect on this subject from the "tax in kind bureau. " As soon as the reorganization of the cavalry has been effected, if not all dismounted, it must be sent to the rear, where forage and supplies can be obtained. The section suggested by me is probably the most suitable one. An officer of judgment should be immediately sent to examine the country and select a camp. Strict rules and camp regulations should be prepared, and the officer in command instructed to keep up constant drill and enforce order and discipline. The best disciplined and efficient brigade should be retained for service in the district. It can be relieved whenever the condition of the cavalry sent to the rear will admit of it. I would suggest the expediency, if practicable, of transferring the carbines, revolvers, and sabers to one or more regiments, to be drilled and employed as cavalry proper. The rest of the commands to be instructed as infantry armed with long guns, made to understand that they are in fact mounted infantry, that they are to fight on foot, and are mounted only for the purpose of moving rapidly from place to place.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General, Commanding.

[JANUARY 6, 1865. -For Smith to Cooper relative to transfer of troops to east bank of the Mississippi, see Vol. XLV, Part II, p. 764, and for Smith to Beauregard on same subject, see Vol. XLV, Part II, p. 766.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 6, 1865.

Major-General MAXEY,

Commanding District of Indian Territory:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of 30th ultimo, inclosing copies of your correspondence with Governor Pitchlynn upon the subject of the existing scarcity of supplies in your district, the commanding general instructs me to say that Major-General Magruder was to reorganize the cavalry of his command on the 2nd instant. He has been instructed as soon as this is effected to reserve only such force as may be required for present service in his district and to send the remainder to the rear in the vicinity of the Trinity River. This will relieve in a great measure the drain made on the counties of Red River for supplies. The commanding general expects soon to be able to have your district furnished with funds.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

