HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 6, 1865.

Lieutenant-General BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that he places under your control all operations in cotton through the enemy's lines. All proposals or contracts for the introduction of supplies and the purchase of cotton will be submitted to you. Major Buckner has been directed to report to you for duty in connection with this matter. Captain Polk will be instructed to report to Major Buckner, who can control his operations in the District of Arkansas.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SHREVEPORT, LA., January 6, 1865.

[General E. K. SMITH:]

GENERAL: Herewith I inclose to you a copy of the Texas Republican containing a lengthy communication from one Thomas C. Reynolds filled with the most gross and violent charges against myself as the commanding officer of the late expedition to Missouri. Were this but the malignant effusion of a simple individual it would be but of passing moment, but as Mr. Reynolds pretends to be the governor of the State of Missouri, and so describes himself in the communication, it assumes a grave and public character, and the interests of the State demand that the matter should be investigated. If the charges made in the communication are true, I am unfit to be intrusted with any command in the Army, and action should be had accordingly. If they are untrue, the interests of the service as well as justice to myself require that my character as an officer should be vindicated. I therefore respectfully solicit that you request Governor Reynolds, as he styles himself, to prefer charges against me, and that your order a court-martial to be convened to try the same at as early a day as the exigencies of the service will possibly admit. *

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 5. Shreveport, La., January 7, 1865.

I. The following officers having reported for duty in accordance with orders are announced as constituting the military court for this department: Colonel Louis Bush, presiding officer; Colonel Guy M. Bryan, Provisional Army, C. S. ; Colonel M. R. Cullen, Provisional Army, C. S. ; Lieutenant J. W. Hardie, Provisional Army, C. S., judge-advocate.

II. All orders heretofore issued from department headquarters relating to the pay of "bonded agents" are hereby revoked. From the 1st of August, 1864, they will receive the pay and allowances of a captain of infantry.

III. Surg. L. T. Pim, Provisional Army, C. S., is announced as assistant to the chief of the medical bureau, Trans-Mississippi Department.

---------------

*For record of the Price Court of Inquiry, see Vol. XLI, Part I, p. 701.

---------------

