
[Inclosure.]

GLASGOW, HOWARD COUNTY, MO., March 24, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with telegraphic orders from Brigadier General C. B. Fisk, commanding District of North Missouri, I have the honor to send you the following report:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF HOWARD,Numbers 16. Glasgow, Mo., March 7, 1865.

Captain Meredith, Company D, Thirty-ninth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, with twenty men, will, in accordance telegraphic dispatch from Brigadier-General Fisk, proceed forthwith to hunt down the notorious guerrilla Jim Jackson and his nefarious band, and all other bushwhackers. Will be particular to have good order and discipline observed by his command, returning as soon as pursuit proves fruitless.

By order of:

ED. A. KUTZNER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN D. MEREDITH,

Company D, Thirty-ninth Regiment Missouri Volunteers.

In obedience to the above order, with Lieutenant Self and twenty men of my company and two citizens as guides, I started on the morning of the 7th instant on search of guerrillas, moving in the direction of what is known as the Perche Hills, in Howard and Boone Counties. After scouting the country for two days without gaining any information of importance, I sent Lieutenant Self with several men to the house of Mr. Lewis Barnes, the only loyal man I could learn of in that part of the country, to ask him to accompany us as guide. The men whom I had with me for that purpose I found did not know the country thoroughly. The lieutenant found Mr. Barnes at home, too unwell to go with us, but willing to do all he could. He gave him the names of parties in the neighborhood most likely to harbor guerrillas, and consequently most likely to be cognizant of their haunts and hiding places. In order to gain the desired information, I ordered Lieutenant Self and four men to disguise themselves as bushwhackers, visit the houses indicated, receive any aid voluntarily offered, and learn if possible the camp (if any of the bona fide guerrillas, I with the remainder of the command stopping in camp to give the lieutenant time to perform his mission. After waiting two or three hours I followed the lieutenant until, coming to the house of Anthony Drane, I stopped to feed and make inquires. After asking about feed I asked Mr. Drane if he had seen or head of any troops being in the neighborhood. He answered Numbers Had he seen or heard of any bushwhackers? Numbers Had he seen any strange men passing about? Numbers I then told him I thought I had seen tracks leading to the house, but the ground was frozen and I could not tell positively. He said, "There have been no men here, and I have not seen any passing. " At this time one of my men came and whispered to me that Lieutenant Self was outside the house and wished to see me. I went out, and the lieutenant told me he had ssquad at the house in the morning; that he had asked Mr. Drane if he knew of any Federals being about, and was answered, "no. " The lieutenant then asked him if he knew where any of the boys were, as he wished to get with them. Mr. Drane told him he did not but that he himself was a 'southern man from the ground up,' and that he wanted the lieutenant and his men to come in and get dinner. The lieutenant told him he was afraid to stop for it, but if he had any eggs his (self's) men would like to have a few. Mr. Drane told him he should have them, and going into the house soon had a large number

