
planters would at this time willingly accept any system of gradual emancipation to insure our independence as a people. Major-General Polignac, who visits France on leave of absence, is charged with the delivery of this communication. He has been in correspondence with the Count De Morny, who urges his return, and expresses the belief that our interests abroad will be advanced thereby. General Polignac is thoroughly informed as to the existing state of affairs here, and understands fully our position. I commend him to you as devoted to our cause. He may possibly be made useful as a medium of communication with the French authorities.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 8. Shreveport, La., January 9, 1865.

* * * * *

XI. Colonel S. M. Baird, with his command, will repair forthwith to Nacogdoches, Tex., and report to Major-General Wharton for duty.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, January 9, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry, Nacogdoches:

GENERAL: Brown's regiment has been ordered to report to you. The general commanding directs me to say that from present indications your command will soon be required, and desires you to keep your command together, ready to move at a moment's notice.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

RICHMOND, January 10, 1865.

[General STERLING PRICE:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: We have been greatly agitated for the last two weeks by repeated rumors of your death, by apoplexy, on the 1st of December, at Dooley's Ferry. The arrival of Mr. Early last Saturday has set our minds at ease, as he reports that he saw you on the 8th. You would have felt greatly complimented has you witnessed the feeling which these rumors created and had you heard the eulogiums which Harris and others pronounced upon you. We have not yet received a line from any of you since your return from Missouri, nor have we any authentic intelligence of your expedition. Schaumburg writes to me that you brought out about 12,000 recruits. Do have the muster-rolls made out at once and sent hither direct from your headquarters. Do not transmit them through either district or department headquarters, but send them straight here. Maclean or Shaler will attend to it. If we had them here now and under existing circumstances you would

