
Camden, and have ordered them to be stopped at or near Spring Hill, La. They should be halted at all events below the Mervie Saline, as I do not wish the enemy to learn the position of my pontoons and works, which information they would most certainly get if allowed to come higher up the river, and particularly if allowed to come to Camden. This is evidently the first step toward taking possession of the Ouachita River. I have given instructions to the parties ordered to stop these boats not under any circumstances to interfere with or damage the boats or anything on them, and to strictly respect the flag of truce under which these boats are coming up the river. In accordance with instructions from department headquarters directing me to have destroyed all the cotton that was in danger of falling into the hands of the enemy, I have ordered all cotton east of the Ouachita River to be destroyed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTION, TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 1. Marshall, Tex., January 13, 1865.

I. The following act of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

The Congress of the Confederate States of America do enact, That every person not subject to the rules and articles of war who shall procure or entice a soldier or person enrolled for service in the Army of the Confederate States to desert, or who shall aid or assist any deserter from the Army, or any persons enrolled for service, to evade their proper commanders, or to prevent their arrest to be returned to the service, or who shall knowingly conceal or harbor any such deserter, or shall purchase from any soldier or person enrolled for service any portion of his arms, equipments, rations, or clothing, or any property belonging to the Confederate States, or any officer or soldier of the Confederate States, shall, upon conviction before the district court of the Confederate States having jurisdiction of the offense, be fined not exceeding $1,000, and be imprisoned not exceeding two years.

Approved, January 22, 1864.

II. Enrolling officers are instructed to call the attention of citizens to the said act of Congress, and to collect such arms as certainly belong to the Government in the hands of citizens of their respective counties or parishes. It is not at all probable that there are any Enfield rifles, or rifle muskets in this department belonging to private individuals. They are the property of the Government, and will be seized as such.

III. Enrolling officers are enjoined to use the utmost activity and every exertion to collect these arms, and will report specifically the arms taken, with the names of the persons from whom they were taken, to the commandants of their respective States.

IV. Enrolling officers will not send conscripts to these headquarters for assignment. They must be sent to the camps of instruction.

By command of Brigadier-General Greer:

W. STEDMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, ARK., January 13, 1865.

Colonel JOHNSON:

COLONEL: I am in receipt of your letter of November 9, which I read with pleasure. There is no news of any interest here at this time. All

