
eyes are directed toward Richmond and the department on the coast east of the Mississippi River. Of the result of the raid into Missouri you have heard days ago. I regret exceedingly I cannot report favorably of the condition of affairs here; probably they will improve soon, but our army is wanting in everything save discipline to make it effective for the coming campaign. I hope for the best. By a united heart and hand we will succeed here. Our infantry of this district I think has been increased about 4,000 men by dismounting cavalry. Our force in the department is ample were it properly prepared for the field. Remember me in kindness to my friends in Richmond and I trust the next news we get from you will be of General Lee's great victory.

Very truly, yours,

CHAS. S. MITCHELL.

Official copy respectfully furnished Major General H. W. Halleck, Chief of Staff, for information.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, MISSOURI INFANTRY,Near Washington, Ark., January 13, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE G. VEST,

Member of Congress, Richmond, Va.:

MY DEAR COLONEL: Please accept my warmest thanks for your good letter handed me on yesterday, and permit me to say I feel obliged to you for the very complimentary manner in which you chose to speak of me. I fully believe you appreciate my friendship for you, and I take this occasion to say, while you are absent I am trying to guard well your interest here. In regard to my appointment I have only to say, if my services and seniority do not entitle me to it, I do not want it, nor shall I ask for promotion, but leave the matter entirely with those who fell and know the interest of the service. General Magruder has recommended me for promotion, and I am led to believe General Smith will consider favorably my interest. Since reading your letter I have directed that complete returns be made of my brigade and forwarded, as you suggested, by some reliable person, direct. This General Magruder has consented to. In a few days I hope to be able to forward the returns. At this time I am actively engaged in reorganizing the recruits assigned to me from the dismounted cavalry of General Price's army, which, when finished, will make my command one of the most effective in the department, and should I be permitted to command it during the next campaign I will try and see that it does honor to the noble State they represent.

Parsons is now commanding the Missouri division of infantry, but will be returned to his brigade so soon as General Price returns from leave of absence. This division will distinguish itself whenever called into action. It is regarded as the best one this side of the river. Affairs here are in any other state than a satisfactory one. The great want of subsistence in this district is truly alarming. Already our forces are forced to draw their supplies and occupy Red River. By reference to the map you will see that a great part of the district on this side of the Arkansas River is not fully protected. It is true warrison at Camden and a few mounted men in that direction, but I hold that country is given up for the present. But we have the

