
satisfaction of knowing that it is also untenable for the Federals. I hope, nevertheless, by a united heart and hand, we will be able to destroy any army the enemy may send into the interior of the department. Our effective force against any army that may advance will certainly reach 35,000 men, and if well commanded will protect all the territory we now hold in the department. You seemed very much depressed when you wrote, but I trust ere this the invincible army of General Lee has again been victorious, and his army ready to act against Sherman on the coast. The reverses met east of the Mississippi River by our armies I hope will be cured by some masterly stroke of our troops. I hope for the best. Do write to me soon and often, and do not fail to remember me in kindness to General Clark and the delegation, also to Colonels Garland and Carroll, of Arkansas. Say to General Clark his family in Missouri were well when our troops were in that State. John Clark's family came out with him and are well. Write to me in regard to the appointment of a Senator, who ought to be appointed, since Reynolds refuses to appoint General Clark. My father and family are in San Antonio, but I look for them here soon. I will send any items of interest to you as they occur here.

Very truly, your friend,

CHAS. S. MITCHELL.

Official copy respectfully furnished Major General H. W. Halleck, Chief of Staff, for information.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS WEST SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Brownsville, January 13, 1865.

Captain A. H. MAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward herewith an official copy of letter written by me to General Mejia, a perusal of which will indicate to the major-general commanding the necessity which called for it. Should the courts proceed in this matter notwithstanding my appeals, following the example of General Smith in a former case, I shall, in the absence of all instructions, prevent the exportation of all cotton, regardless of the nationality of the owners. I also forwarded a copy, with translation, of an agreement for the rendition of criminals, refugees from justice, entered into by General Mejia and myself, for the preservation of order on this frontier. Its effects have so far proved highly beneficial. Three men (who chanced also to be deserters from Jones' light battery, as well as criminals) have been returned upon my requisition, and others occupying similar positions will doubtless soon follow in their footsteps. The mistaken idea that they were returned as deserters from the C. S. Army soon gained ground in Matamoras, causing an emigration therefrom of some 200 deserters and renegades, who had been of great injury to us in inciting others to desert. The U. S. consul, I am credibly informed, addressed General Mejia a very insulting letter on the subject, stating that the United States Government had the "will and the power" to protect it citizens. This letter is said to have been returned with indorsements demanding a perusal of the consul's executor. I have no fear for the result. I have the honor to state that I have turned the Mexican prisoners captured from Cortina

