
of eggs cooked and brought to the boys. He (Drane) then asked Lieutenant Self of he could do anything more for him. Self told him that one of his men needed a pair of socks, and if he (Drane) could give him a pair he (Self) would be obliged to him. Drane went in the house and got a pair of socks and gave them to Lieutenant Self, remarking as he did so that he wished they were better (they had been worn and washed), as when ha gave he liked to give the best. Lieutenant Self then took his leave, Mr. Drane telling him the best roads to travel to avoid Federal scouts, should any be out.

After my conversation with Lieutenant Self I re-entered the house, and in the presence of several of my men questioned Mr. Dranem closely. He persisted in saying he had seen or hear of no one. I ordered my men to mount, and detailed a corporal and two men to set fire to the premises, which was done. Lieutenant Self and his men (Still in disguise) had visited several other houses in the neighborhood, the residents of which professed to be Southern men. They did not seem so particularly anxious to assist, but told Lieutenant Self he might rest assured they never would report on him. I let it be known that I had burned Mr., Anthony Drane's house and why I did it; that I considered parties who would willingly harbor whackers (or men supposed to be such) equally guilty with outlaws themselves, and that they must either take every opportunity of reporting to the proper authorities or leave the country. If they did not, I would, as far as in my power, treat them with the same severity I would a guerrilla. This was in the eastern part of Howard County. From this point I moved down on to Perche Creek, scouting the brush on the creek and its tributaries, but without success, as I could get no information from any of the citizens as to bushwhackers, roads, localities, or anything else, and I became satisfied that a large majority of the citizens of this region would harbor guerrillas. After camping at night I sent a sergeant with twelve men to the residence of Joseph Graves, in Boone County, to feed. On his return the sergeant told me he thought Mr. Graves was a bad man, and that he had expressed himself in the most disloyal manner. On starting in the morning, wishing a guide to a place known as Dripping Spring Meeting-House, I sent a corporal to bring Graves along to pilot us to said place. After they had overtaken the column (which they did after we had moved a short distance) Lieutenant Self had a conversation with Graves, in which he (Graves) told the lieutenant that he had always been a Southern man, and that he had no cause to change his principles. The lieutenant asked Graves if he has seen any bushwhackers lately. He answered that he had not. Lieutenant Self then asked him if he would have reported on them if he had. Graves answered, "No," as it might get him into trouble. Lieutenant Self then asked him the question, "Would you feed guerrillas and not report than to the authorities?" Graves answered, "I would not report on anybody. " I asked Graves a number of questions and received the same answers, The conversation took place in the presence of the lieutenant, myself, and several others who were riding with the advance. I had one or two other men, whom I had arrested for uttering disloyal sentiments, with me at the time. The plainly and boldly said they had been Southern men at the beginning of the war, and were so yet that they had no reason to change their principles. I told them such men could not live in that country, that they must leave either the State or go to some military post and remain. If they did not, they must the take the consequences. Graves I retained, and after more conversation with him ordered his execution. I considered him a quiet, determined, and dangerous man; a man of some

