
hand for the spring campaign in Arkansas and Louisiana. Nevertheless I think some portion of Maxey's Indian troops and a few white troops raised in that country should if they can be supported, occupy such forts as may have been abandoned in that region of country. The object of my letter of the 9th instant (Numbers 73) was to guard in time against the removal of the main body of Maxey's troops too far from the District of Arkansas or Louisiana to take part in the battles next spring.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Washington, January 17, 1865.

Brigadier General, W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I should have mentioned in my letter of yesterday, on the subject of withdrawing Colonel Lyles and his command from north of the Arkansas, that since my letter Numbers 34, Fulton, January 5, 1865, informing you that I would order General Shelby north of the Arkansas to bring out the commands remaining there, I have thought it better from recent indications of the enemy, who is concentrating his cavalry at Little Rock, to retain General Shelby on this side of the river; hence my recommendation of General Jeff. Thompson for the purpose of performing the duty on which I had designed sending General Shelby, provided General Smith sees proper to send General Thompson, on that service.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 17. Washington, January 17, 1865.

* * * *

XXIV. Paragraph IX, Special Orders, Numbers 4, dated January 4, from these headquarters, is so modified as to read as follows:

The regiments of Lyles, McGhee, and the unattached company of Earle in Northeast Arkansas will remain in Northeast Arkansas, and will constitute a brigade to be commanded by Colonel O. P. Lyles. All other troops are ordered forthwith south of the Arkansas River. The commanding officers of Dobbin's, McCray's, and Freeman's brigades, now north of the Arkansas River, are hereby directed to take immediate steps to collect the men belonging to their respective commands, and will proceed with the portion which they may have collected, by the 1st of March at furthest, to such points on the Arkansas River as may in their judgment be deemed best and cross them to this side of the river. This order must be strictly obeyed, and these officers will report to these headquarters with such men as they may have with them, or alone if they cannot get the men, in accordance with the above instructions. In consequence of the alleged scarcity of forage and supplies on the various routes, it is suggested that the men be sent south in parties of 100 to 150 strong, under officers of firmness, industry, and vigilance.

