
From information recently received and since the publication of Special Orders, Numbers 4, dated January 4, 1865, it would seem best that they should cross Arkansas River west of Little Rock. Couriers will be sent in advance advising the major-general commanding of the date of leaving their encampment, and stating about what time they will reach the Arkansas River and when they have crossed the river. Should these commands be crossed at a point below Pine Bluff they will proceed directly to Pigeon Hill and take post, announcing to these headquarters their arrival at that place. Should they be crossed above Little Rock they will proceed to Fulton and take post, announcing their arrival. The commanding officer of each detachment, as soon as they cross the Arkansas River, will report by letter to Major-General Fagan or these headquarters. All officers or men who remain north of the Arkansas River in violation of this order are hereby declared deserters, and will be treated accordingly.

By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, Mo., March 22, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

This order was captured in Arkansas by a citizen scout from Cape Girardeau.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

By H. HANNAHS,

Major Fiftieth Missouri Vols. and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

(In the absence of the general.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 17. Camp Lee, January 19, 1865.

I. In accordance with paragraph VII, Special Orders, Numbers 18, District of Arkansas, ordering the detaching of two brigades of this division for the purpose of finishing with the utmost rapidity the works at Dooley's Ferry and Fulton, Brigadier-General Roane with his brigade will proceed without delay to Fulton, and Brigadier-General Hawthorn to Dooley's Ferry, for the object above specified. These brigades will remain at these points during the winter, unless otherwise ordered by district commander.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

J. J. GAINES,Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, January 20, 1865.

Major General, J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge receipt of copy of your instructions to Brigadier-General Shelby of January 9, 1865, directing him to take possession of the cantonment at Laynesport, &amp;c. ; also copy of your letter to General Maxey, of January

