
16, 1865, and to say that the instructions contained in those letters are unauthorized, and you will revoke them forthwith. The cantonment at Laynesport will remain under General Maxey, and he has been so instructed. If you deem it necessary to move any cavalry into the interior of Texas, you will order one of the brigades under your command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 6. Shreveport, La., January 21, 1865.

Hereafter no leave of absence will be granted by district commanders for a longer period than thirty days, unless upon certificate of disability, and in the case of medical officers satisfactory evidence must accompany the application that proper medical attendance has been secured for their commands during their absence. Applications for extension of leave of absence from a medical officer must be made through the chief medical officer in the district of the branch of service to which the applicant belongs. No leave of absence exceeding seven days will be granted to a medical purveyor without reference to the chief of medical bureau.

II. During the temporary absence of Captain John E. Garey, chief quartermaster, Major W. H. Haynes, quartermaster, will take charge of his office.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 21, 1865.

Brigadier General, E. GREER, Chief of Conscript Bureau:

GENERAL: You have been instructed by telegram of this date to order out the Reserve Corps in the counties of Texas on and south of the thirty-second degree of latitude and north of the San Antonio River and east of the twenty-first degree of longitude, and the general commanding directs that these men be instructed to bring with them all the arms they may be able to collect. When assembled they will be placed in command of Brigadier-General Robertson and ordered to report to General Walker. The general commanding wishes you to expedite with all the energy possible the collecting of these troops and preparing them for active service. The emergency is pressing, as the movements of the enemy indicate that a powerful attempt will be made on the Texas coast.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 21, 1865.

Major General, J. H. FORNEY,

Commanding Division, Minden, La.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to say you will hold your command in readiness to move at a moment's warning.

