
ate and withdraw garrison when combined attack is made with force too strong to be resisted successfully. Guns and garrison must not be lost. Strengthen defenses at Houston. If necessary, impress requisite slave labor. Confer with the governor by letter. Forney's division has been ordered to your support and moves, by Shreveport and Crockett, to Huntsville. Wharton's cavalry corps is held in readiness to respond to your or General Buckner's call as enemy's land force present themselves on your coast or in Red River Valley, not to be called for till enemy's infantry in force develops itself. Reserve Corps of Texas ordered out and to report to you, with General Robertson. Put yourself in communication with General Robertson.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 22, 1865.

Major General JOHN G. WALKER,

Commanding District of Texas,&amp;c., Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the general commanding to write you as follows: Reliable information has been received of the movement of a large body of the enemy on transports down the Mississippi, and of the concentration at New Orleans of a formidable force of all arms. Preparations indicate immediate offensive operations and Mobile or the Texas coast as probable objective points. A naval expedition up Red River seems also to be contemplated, possibly to be accompanied by a land force. If the expedition fitting out at New Orleans is intended for the Texas coast, Galveston or Sabine Pass will be the first points of attack. Important to us as it is the possession of both these ports, with the limited means at our disposal they are untenable against the attack of an expedition of combined land and naval forces, so formidable as that represented as preparing at New Orleans. You have been telegraphed to-day to be prepared for the evacuation of Galveston, and the removal of its guns and garrison, should the land force brought against it be too formidable for successful resistance. The greatest energy should be employed in strengthening the position at Houston, where in the event of an invasion from the coast you will receive the support of Wharton's and Forney's divisions. Brigadier-General Robertson has been directed to report to you with the Reserves of Texas, which have been ordered to rendezvous with such arms as they can bring. You can direct their concentration at Houston or such other point as you may deem advisable. You should give directions for the disposition of the unarmed men; they might be employed on the fortifications until they can be armed. Inclosed for your information is a copy of a letter of instructions to Major-General Wharton. * He is in position to move to the support of either General Buckner or yourself, but the commanding general does not wish him committed to either line of march until the development of the enemy's plans shows conclusively the point at which his heavy infantry column is to be employed. Forney's division with two batteries of artillery should pass through this place on the 26th instant, and should reach Huntsville on the proximo, where it will remain until further orders.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See January 21, p. 1337.

---------------

