
tingency, whenever it happened. I regard a movement into Missouri in heavy force as essentially necessary to everything in this direction. That diversion should be made in order to hold engaged the power of the Northwestern States, and to relieve General Lee of that much pressure here. The earlier it is made the better. We have both been contending for this view of the case for more than two years. Richmond and Petersburg in all probability will have to be abandoned in the spring as necessary to the preservation of Lee's army. Do what we will now, much territory will have to be given up for the same reason. Nevertheless, if Kirby Smith and yourself march to the Missouri River in force, occupying the power of the Northwestern States in their self-protection, and Lee's army can be maintained and preserved twelve months longer, we shall gain independence. The Northern Government is a apprehensive of the future as the Government of the South, and the people of the North are as tired of the war as we are. In the first place, a cotton famine now threatens all the maritime and manufacturing nations embracing the North; then again the financial system and public credit of the North, sustained so far only by straining every resource, will break down, as the New York Herald has continually predicted for some time past; again, Mr. Lincoln, after the 4th of March, can no longer be regarded by foreign nations as the foreign agent or representative of the Southern States, they not having participated in his re-election by the States North as they did in 1860, and the European powers only having made treaties of recognition with the original States by name and not within the States of the after confederation, or with those of the still later United States as a unit or in general terms. And again in the midst of all these circumstances of embarrassment, the Washington Government, under a prolongation of the war for another year, will be compelled to resort to an enforced draft will lead to civil commotions inevitably. In Grant's present army there are only from 18,000 to 20,000 voters; the rest are aliens and negroes; but foreign recruitment with the North is now pretty well over. I can now, in the midst of all the gloom and despondency around me, consequent upon our recent disasters, and in anticipation of the evacuation of Richmond and Petersburg, see my way, for the first time since the war opened, to a successful end, provided the Government and country remain firm, and Missouri in invaded in force, and Lee's army is maintained and preserved.

Fort Fisher, at the entrance of the Cape Fear River, has fallen after a desperate resistance, but Wilmington is still defended. Fort Fisher, which, in the first instance, as Admiral Porter says, was reduced by bombardment into a pulp, was afterward blown to atom by the accidental firing of the magazine by Yankee negroes in search of provisions, with lighted candles, killing 200 of the victors. The obstructions in the river and other defenses must still be overcome before Wilmington falls. Sherman will occupy the winter in efforts to take Charleston and Wilmington and Branchville. In the spring I am quite sure he will join Sheridan in the Valley to sweep down upon Lynchburg and the Danville railroad, thus destroying and holding our only remaining line of supply here, and forcing Lee to an evacuation. Our authorities are preparing for the probable result by removing machinery, &amp;c. The Congress calls for Lee as generalissimo, with full powers in respect to our armies, for the restoration of Joseph E. Johnston to command, and for cabinet and other changes. Secretary Seddon has already resigned. It is not known precisely who will take his place, but Breckinridge and Kemper are talked of, and Cobb, of Georgia, it is thought, will take the seat of Benjamin. The legislature of Virginia has unanimously backed

