
the Congress. The consolidation act will be passed in a day or two with many modifications and alterations from the bill as first reported. These are so numerous that we do not know yet what it will be. The question of putting our slaves in the service has been debated for two months without decision, but General Lee has written a letter saying it must be done, and at once, as absolutely necessary to out future struggle, and I presume the thing will now be done. Slavery having been regarded as a domestic matter with the States has caused the trouble, but as property the Government may undoubtedly impress them; and so it will be decided, I think. The time has come that is to decide our fate, and everything should be done and surrendered to the cause. Life, property, and honor are all lost by submission as fully as by subjugation. I send you a copy of the Enquirere containing the call upon me for the State senate and my reply to it. Perhaps you may find time to glance over them. My election, I am assured, is quite certain. Nevertheless, do not let this interfere with the request I have made to you to call upon me at the right time to go with you into Missouri. Old Cooper and myself have been at war ever since I reached Richmond, but I have at last, I believe, whipped him out of his boats and breeches, and I understand the Congress calls for his removal among the rest. My health is perfect and I no longer dissipate since my children have joined me.

I beg to be remembered to all of your military household, and believe me still, warmly your friend,

JOHN TYLER,

C. S. Army.

P. S. -The public journals and Madame Rumor have had you dead, circumstantially, twice in the last four months. The country rejoices that you yet live.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,Camp Lee, January 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General PARSONS,

Commanding Brigade, Fulton, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general to say that you will move your brigade without delay to Lewisville. Upon your arrival at this point you will find other orders awaiting you for your guidance.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. GAINES,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 22. Camp Lee, January 24, 1865.

I. Major Upshaw, commissary of subsistence, will immediately take possession of the corn belonging to Roane's brigade, now in store at Camp Lee, for the manufacture of meal for the troops of this division.

II. The following details will be ordered to report immediately to Major Upshaw for fatigue duty, viz: Brigadier-General McNair, one lieutenant and twenty-five men; Brigadier-General Tappan, one lieutenant and twenty-five men.

