
III. Paragraph III, Special Orders, Numbers 16, from these headquarters is hereby revoked. The detail ordered to report at the saw-mill near Spring Hill will rejoin their commands at once. This order will be absent to Spring Hill at once, to Mr. W. H. Smith, in charge of the mill, in order that these men may be relieved and return to their command to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Churchill:

J. J. GAINES,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 25, 1865.

W. G. HALE, Esq.:

SIR: Learning that you will shortly visit the city of Mexico as the agent of wealthy merchants in Matamoras, in order to obtain if possible from the Imperial Government greater facilities than now exist for the entrance of Confederate vessels into Mexican ports contiguous to the Rio CANDE, and as the important matters which you will thus have in charge will necessarily bring you into frequent official intercourse with the highest authorities of the Mexican Empire, I have deemed it advisable to avail myself, to some extent, of your services during your visit. The relations of the Confederate States with the French and Mexican Governments are at present, for various reasons, of the most interesting character. It is very desirable that the most perfect understanding should exist between them. You will doubtless be able to obtain much valuable information, not only as to the popular sentiment in that Empire, but also learn the views, purposes, and future policy of the Imperial Government in reference to the C. S. Army. Communication from you on these points will be received with great interest, and will be forwarded to His Excellency President Davis for his information. I need scarcely inform you that, as the military commander of this department, I am simply charged with the duty of its defenses, and have no authority to clothe you with any official character whatever; yet I deem the establishment of liberal commercial regulations, such as you desire, as of the utmost benefit. Nothing tends more than these commercial ties to promote, preserve, and cement friendship and alliances between nations, and I earnestly hope that your visit will tend to render stronger the relations of friendship now existing between the two nations, and be but the initiatory step to the institution of negotiations, through agents properly accredited having the same and even more enlarged and liberal objects in view.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. K. SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., January 25, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana, Alexandria:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith some confidential communications, signed "P". * Mr. P. has been notified that the sole

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

