HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 25, 1865.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to inform you that he has ordered Gano's brigade to Nacogdoches, Tex., and that it will be necessary for you to render assistance to Major-General Maxey should the enemy attempt a raid to Northern Texas.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[JANUARY 25, 1865. -For General Orders, Numbers 18, District of Arkansas, announcing operations on the Arkansas River, see p. 16.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 26, 1865.

Lieutenant General, S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that Lieutenant Walsh has just crossed the Mississippi River and states that it is practicable by concert of action to cross the arms now at Brandon, Miss. The commanding general directs that you place an officer in charge of this important duty and again undertake to cross the arms. Captain Montgomery, assistant quartermaster, was, upon the capture of Major Springer, sent to this department for the purpose of taking charge of the line of communication in this department. Captain Montgomery his headquarters at Vernon, La., and has a cavalry force at his disposal to assist in keeping up communication. Lieutenant Walsh was sent by Captain Montgomery to the Cis-Mississippi Department for the purpose of ascertaining if arrangements had been completed there. The line is now ready to work with system, and the general commanding suggest that you will take advantage of it for the purpose above mentioned. Lieutenant Walsh will be ordered to call upon you in person, and if you desire it will be directed to report to you.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., January 26, 1865.

Major-General WALKER,

Commanding District of Texas,&amp;c., Houston:

Telegram received. The island must not be evacuated before an enemy comes. If the attack is made by combined land and naval force too strong for resistance, the garrison, at least, can be saved. If the expedition from New Orleans is destined for Mobile no attack will be immediately made at Galveston. Improve the time and strengthen garrison with all your disposable means.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

85 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

