HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,Camp Lee, January 26, 1865.

Colonel R. G. SHAVER, Camden, Ark.:

COLONEL: I am instructed by Major-General Churchill to direct that you, assuming command of Davie's regiment, as well as your own, will move your command without delay to Minden, La., there to report to these headquarters. These instructions are based on paragraphs XII and XIII, Special Orders, Numbers 25, headquarters District of Arkansas.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

C. E. KIDDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION, Numbers 24. Camp Lee, January 26, 1865.

* * * * *

IV. Brigadier-General Roane, with his brigade, will move on Saturday morning at sunrise for Minden, La. The brigade will take the Shreveport road. Nine miles from Lewisville the command will take a left-hand road, and one mile from this point a right-hand road.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Churchill:

C. E. KIDDER,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,

Fort Towson, C. N., January 28, 1865.

Brigadier General, W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a letter from Major-General Magruder, commanding District of Arkansas, to myself, bearing date 19th instant, and my reply thereto, bearing date 27th instant; also copy of a letter received from his this morning, dated 15th instant, and my reply thereto. These letters are forwarded because General Magruder, as you will observe, announces his intention of forwarding a copy of his letter of 19th instant to department headquarters, and I desire that the whole correspondence shall be filed there. I also inclose copy of my letter to him to which he refers in his letter of the 19th. Conscious that I have but done my duty fearlessly, I am perfectly willing and anxious that the department commander or the President, as General Magruder intimates, be possessed of and decide the case upon the record. It is exceedingly difficult for me to keep up with this correspondence. After requesting me on the 6th to hold the command in readiness to co-operate with him, he orders the brigade commander on the 8th to move to Van Zandt County, on the Trinity, which, however, he states was a clerical error, and on the 15th reiterates his request of the 6th. In the meantime the matter is settled by General Smith, by letter of 23rd, ordering the brigade to Rusk to report to General Wharton. Such correspondence is doubtless annoying to the department commander, as it certainly is to me, and my reason for sending at all is that, in view of the notice he serves of an intention to file his letter, I desire to file all, both his and mine, connected with the case.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

