
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, January 15, 1865.

Major General, J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 6th instant, requesting Gano's brigade to be held in readiness for active service in view of concentration of troops at Little Rock, just received. The inclosure (copy of report signed John P. Bull), dated 6th instant, shows that General Thayer had arrived at Little Rock, and that his troops were expected on Saturday and Sunday; that two regiments arrived on Saturday morning and the remaining arrived during Sunday. I should think you would get a positive statement from Colonel Brooks, who, I am informed by you, was sent to operate on the river between Fort Smith and Little Rock. I inclose as requested a copy of effective strength of Bee's brigade. Recently Hardeman's battalion was sent to Bagby's brigade and Martin's regiment to Northern Texas, temporarily, thus materially depleting the present effective strength. Officers have been ordered to report to you for definite instructions as to route and country between the Ouachita and Arkansas Rivers you desire them to examine. By the same mail I was surprised to find a communication from you to the commanding officer of Gano's brigade, directing him to move the brigade to Van Zandt County, Tex., which order seems based on decisions or orders of the general commanding the department. I am at a loss to understand this irregular course. I have no such instructions from General Smith, and from my knowledge of General Smith I am satisfied there must be some misapprehension, as he would certainly direct me to issue necessary orders to that brigade or send his orders through me. I shall ask General Smith what his wishes are, as it is utterly impracticable for me to hold the command ready to move north, as you request, on the 6th and at the same time move it south, as you request, on the 8th. Information strictly reliable received from Pine Bluff as late as 3rd instant shows their commissariat well supplied and is being constantly increased.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Washington, Ark., January 19, 1865.

Major General, S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding District of Indian Territory, Fort Towson, C. N.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of January 15, 1865, in which you state in effect that you have received a letter from him directing the commanding officer of Gano's brigade "to move his brigade to Van Zandt County, Tex.," and that it is utterly impracticable for you [to hold] the command ready to move north, as he requests, on the 6th instant and at the same time move it south, as he requests on the 8th; and in reply he directs me to state that the words "Van Zandt County" was a clerical error occurring in the office. It should have been "to some point on or near Red River, above Clarksville. " With this change you will perceive that there is nothing inconsistent or impracticable suggested by his letter alluded to. On the 6th instant he requested

