
the commanding officer of Gano's brigade to hold himself in readiness to move north. On the 8th instant he received a copy of a communication from General Smith to you directing that Gano's brigade 'should move to some point on or near Red River, above Clarksville. " It was proper to obey this order as soon as possible, not only because General Smith ordered it, but because the want of forage in my district made it absolutely necessary. Nevertheless, in view of the enemy's preparations at Little Rock and Pine Bluff, he considered it due the public interest to request that you would not move your troops to a distance too remote for co-operation, but that you would keep them as near the Arkansas line as supplies would permit.

From the tone of your communications to him and to department headquarters, concerning the affairs of the district he has the honor to command, he fears that he may not except that hearty co-operation so essential to the interests of the country. When Colonel Gurley, commanding Gano's brigade, stationed in this district, after having been informed of General Smith's wishes as to the removal of that brigade, and in defiance of the Sixty-second Article of War, refuses to obey the orders of his superior officer, General Shelby, to afford protection to public property of the same description as that which had been lost under similar circumstances in this district not long since, and gave as a reason that he had received your orders to obey no one except yourself, General Smith, and the Secretary of War, the major-general commanding deems it his duty to take such steps as will vindicate military discipline and punish willful violation of law, if he has to appeal to the Chief Magistrate of the Government to sustain him in his efforts to uphold discipline and to punish insubordination. The major-general commanding desires me to state further that General Smith having directed you to co-operate with him, it is his duty, which he shall always perform with pleasure, whether appreciated by you or not to give you such information as he may be able to obtain of the movements of the enemy. You state that you think the commanding general could have received information from Colonel Brooks. Of course he could have received information from him had it been possible to communicate with him, but we have no account of him whatever, although he marched a month since to the Arkansas River with positive orders to report every week. It is feared that his couriers, as well as those sent to him, have been cut off. The major-general commanding has sent a company to force their way to him. The major-general commanding is informed that a large number of wagons, mules, quartermaster's and commissary stores have been arriving for some weeks at Pine Bluff and Little Rock, and such stores continue to be accumulated. A copy of this communication will be sent to the commanding officer of the department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., January 27, 1865.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas, Washington:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 19th instant, written by Major M. M. Kimmel, assistant adju-

