
becoming almost impassable, I decided on returning to camp, which I did, arriving at Glasgow on the 15th instant. Though the order headquarters this report is the only written one I received, my verbal instructions from Colonel Kutzner were not to stop at county or district lines, and to treat aiders and abettors with the same severity I would armed bushwhackers. On my return the colonel told me I need not make any report to him, and he therefore does now know what I did. I maintained good order and discipline in my command.

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN D. MEREDITH,

Captain Company D, Thirty-ninth Infantry Missouri Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, Mo., March 31, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, for his information.

Captain Meredith will be continued in arrest while I wait instructions from department headquarters. The Captain, I believe, makes a truthful statement. I have made diligent inquiry of the best citizens of Boone County, and learn that the parties burned our were notorious for harboring bushwhackers, and one or two of the destroyed dwellings were simply of the lowest class of bawdyhouses, and where the guerrillas did congregate most. No order for the destruction of property or the killing of an unarmed citizens ever emanated from my headquarters. I have no doubt, however, that there are 100 families in Boone and Howard Counties who ought to emigrate or die. It seems to be a difficult matter to remove them. There is hardly a bushwhack feeder or harborer in the district that cannot, if ordered away, procure certificates from Union men that he has been a faithful, honest citizen. Men who occupy high positions of honor and trust will, for a fee, undertake the salvation of the devil himself. In the spring and summer of 1864 one Truman, a detective, was sent into my district by General Rosecrans, with orders to do as Captain Meredith has done. Truman killed several citizens, burned houses, and sequestered much property. He was arrested, imprisoned, tried by military commission, found guilty of murder, arson, and larceny, and sentenced to be hung. He is now at large. Most of the witnesses and informants against Truman have been murdered and burned out by parties as yet unknown.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

MARCH 7-25, 1865. - Operations about Licking, Mo.

Report of Captain William Monks, Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF LICKING,Licking, Texas County, Mo., March 25, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following scouts for the month of March, 1865:

March 7, Sergeant Mustion with twenty men left camp; was absent five days; killed 1 man, captured 2 horses; marched 120 miles; returned March 12, 1865. March 14, Sergeant Walker with twenty-two men left camp; was absent six days; killed 1 man; marched 160

