
I believe your records and files will prove that I have not been derelict in this particular. The part italicized I pass by. Your letter indicates that you take exceptions to my reference to the information you might obtain from Colonel Brooks. What I said was precisely this:

I should think you would get a positive statement from Colonel Brooks, who, I am informed by you, was sent to operate on the river between Fort Smith and Little Rock.

The statement of John P. Bull was from information not of his positive knowledge. Colonel Brooks was where he could know of his own observation as to these movements. Movements about Fort Smith are of deep interest to this district as well as yours, and I suggested a source of information that would leave no doubt. This is what the sentence was designed to mean, and does mean, and nothing more. What I say I say plainly. I think if you will read my letter of 15th instant you will be satisfied that upon this point the sentence can justly bear no other construction. As a matter of course it was impossible for me to have known the communication with Colonel Brooks was interrupted. You say that you fear you may not expect that hearty co-operation so essential to the interests of the service. I believe the records of the country, as well as of the Senate of Arkansas, prove that I have "co-operated" with the troops in the State with some good results. I shall never fail, general, to obey the orders of my commanding officers, nor will I fail to protect, as far as in my power, the rights of any command intrusted to me. Whilst I jealously guard my own rights, I will not infringe upon those of others. Having been ordered to co-operate with you, I shall do so cheerfully and to the best of my ability, and regret that any necessity should have arisen for this correspondence.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

I am advised by you that you will furnish a copy of your letter to the general commanding the department. A copy of yours and this response will be forwarded by me to complete the record.

MAXEY.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., January 28, 1865.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas, Washington, Ark.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt this morning of your letter (Numbers 1319), written by Major M. M. Kimmel, assistant adjutant-general, bearing date January 15, requesting (in consequence of the threatening attitude of the enemy on your front) that the commanding officer of Gano's (now Bee's) brigade be directed to hold the same in readiness to move in the direction of Washington at short notice, prepared to meet the enemy. In reply I am directed to inclose a copy of letter from department headquarters bearing date 23rd,* by which it will appear that he was directed to order that brigade to move forthwith to Rusk (Cherokee County, Tex.), via Marshall and Henderson, and report to Major-General Wharton.

---------------

*See Boggs to Maxey, p. 1340.

---------------

