
In compliance with the instructions contained in said letter, I am further directed to say, marching orders have been given that brigade.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT

Shreveport, La., January 30, 1865.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call the attention of the War Department to the necessity of prompt action upon the papers which have been forwarded from this department recommending the retirement of officers on account of disability. The efficiency of many of the commands is becoming seriously impaired and the evil increases daily. From the difficulty in communicating with Richmond, it has not been deemed advisable to forward the muster-rolls. Many of the papers have been returned with the indorsement that no such officer is known. This is a great hardship and should be remedied if possible. I would suggest either that I be empowered to retire officers, subject to the decision of the War Department, or that the department will act upon the recommendations. The papers are never allowed to go forward without the indorsement of the intermediate commanders, which is of itself evidence of the position of the officers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH.

General.

HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, January 30, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. WHARTON.

Commanding Cavalry, &c., Nacogdoches, Tex.:

GENERAL: I have carefully considered the question of reorganizing and reducing the mounted force. The necessities of the country as well as the best interests of the service require its immediate and material reduction. It is greatly in excess of its proportion to the other arms of the service; it numbers more than half the whole army in the department and its further maintenance has become an impossibility. I expect, general, your co-operation and assistance in effecting the end desired. I propose reorganizing your command, leaving you two divisions of two brigades, each one of cavalry proper and one of mounted infantry. I intend that your regiments shall be kept up to a minimum of 400 effectives, and you will be allowed to recruit them to that number. Including Brown's regiment and Bee's (late Gano's) brigade, you have in your command twenty-one regiments or battalions. Retaining twelve for your reserve corps, there remain nine to be dismounted, which I propose shall be organized into a division of two brigades, to be commanded by Bee or Steele, as they may decide. I shall make three regiments the standard of brigade organization for cavalry throughout the department. Debray must command one of the cavalry brigades; he has two regiments already in part armed and drilled in

