
that arm of service. You should select your regiments for the cavalry proper, for their horses and for their drill and adaptability of the men for that arm. I will give no positive rule by which the regiments to be dismounted must be selected. I believe it would be most just and recommend to you that the regiments longest in service be continued mounted, except in case of superior qualifications in discipline, conduct, and efficiency as cavalry in the junior regiments. The division commanders will be Bee, Steele, and Major; the brigade commanders, Debray, Gano, Hardeman, and Lane for the mounted brigades. The commanders for the dismounted brigades will be determined by the regiments composing them. I leave to you the details as to time, place, and the manner of effecting this reorganization. The Government will require the mules for transportation and at least 500 horses for the artillery from the dismounted regiments. I promise they shall be paid for from the first funds received in the department. In organizing your two cavalry brigades, collect all the revolvers of your command for their use. The revolver is not needed for the mounted infantry, and it with the saber is sufficient for light cavalry, and especially if the flank companies are armed also with rifled carbines. I have 1,000 sabers at Houston which I can give you, also equipments for the carbines which were ordered to be turned over to you. Let me know your wants and be moderate. I will endeavor to supply you. You can telegraph me, and give me your view if you differ from me. I am determined on the reorganization and reduction of the cavalry; the time and manner only are questions that admit of consideration. It is important that it should be carried into effect by you with as little delay as possible. You know the necessity of increasing the garrison at Galveston, and as the division taken from your command is to be added to the force on that island, you will see the importance of promptly and successfully dismounting and effecting its organization.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH.

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 30, 1865.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: In replying to your letter of the 14th instant the commanding general directs me to say that he cordially approves of your sending General Shelby to collect and bring out the Confederate soldiers scattered in Northeast Arkansas. He believes if any one can accomplish it that officer will do it effectually. The concentration of the enemy's forces at New Orleans is favorable for the attempt. The great difficulties to be encountered will be from the inclemency of the season and the overflowing of the streams. If General Shelby is not sent the commanding general considers Brigadier-General Thompson as the best officer to substitute. An objection to this is that his legal right to command might be questioned.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

