
you remain at present in command of the brigade; should it thus be presented it may be impossible for me to sustain you. The papers in regard to you appointment and of others made at the same time, have been presented to the President in such form that a categorical answer must soon be given. Until such an answer has been received, I do not think it is advisable that you should reassume command. I send you a sixty days' extension of your leave, and, if a favorable answer is received before its expiration, you will be at once returned to duty. I regret the necessity that compels me to a course of action which is alike mortifying to you as well as myself, but when I assigned you to duty I had every reason to believe from the President's letters and indorsements that he would sustain in the course taken; that action you, as I, know was without the authority of law at the time.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH.

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, January 31, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to inclose you the accompanying copies of telegrams* from Major-General Parsons, commanding at Camden, and to say that this information taken in connection with the report from Major-General Gardner that the enemy was concentrating a force at Vicksburg for service in this department would seem to indicate that they intend to operate on the Ouachita River and to occupy Monroe.

I am, general very respectfully your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General

Abstract from post return of Sabine Post, Captain K. D. Keith commanding, for the month of January, 1865.

Present for duty.

Command. 	 Office	 Men	 Aggregat	 Aggregat

 rs	 	 e pres	 e pres

 	 	 ent	 ent and

 	 	 	 absent.

Staff	 5	 -	 5	 8

Ragsdale's battalion	 10	 182	 237	 381

Detachment Bates' regi	 4	 124	 159	 269

ment

Detachment Spaight's	 1	 45	 58	 128

regiment

Detachment Baird's reg	 1	 52	 64	 89

iment

Total	 21	 403	 523	 875

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

