
been connected with the former Government of the United States in a diplomatic capacity), and wishing you complete success in the object of your present visit, I invoke for you there the consideration due your well-known character and high social position here.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

SHREVEPORT, February [1], 1865

Honorable ROBERT ROSE,

Shreveport, La.:

SIR: Whilst in the city of Mexico I desire you, on some fitting occasion, to make known to his Majesty the Emperor, that in the case of unexampled catastrophe to our arms, and the final overthrow of the government which I have the honor to represent as the military chief of the States west of the Mississippi River, an event I do not now apprehend, but which yet may possibly occur in the future, it is my fixed purpose to leave my native land and seek an asylum in Mexico. Bred to the profession of arms, having such education in my profession as the best military schools in the United States offer, with the benefit of foreign travel and some experience, such as is acquired by the command of armies actively engaged in the field for more than two years, it is my desire still to continue in the exercise of the profession of my choice. Having some knowledge of the French and Spanish languages, and having been on duty at one period on the Mexican frontier, my humble services and such influence as I could exert might be rendered available to His Majesty's Government. I therefore authorize you to tender them to him in the possibility of the contingency above alluded to. The national antipathy that would exist in the minds of many citizens of the Confederate States to those of the North, together with their intelligence, endurance, and daring as soldiers, might, in contemplation of possible collision between the Imperial Government and the United States of the North, render very desirable such a corps of Southern soldiers as might be induced by the offer of liberal terms to colonize the Empire, and thus greatly strengthen it. Should you find that this offer and the accompanying views are not wholly inappropriate to be alluded to, you will please tender my services to the Emperor and at ture him of my heartfelt wish for the eminent success of his reign, and the honor, welfare, and happiness of his people.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH.

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 1, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER

Commanding District of West Louisiana, Natchitoches, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copies of telegrams* received from Major General M. M. Parsons, at Camden, since those transmitted to you on yesterday. The commanding general directs me to say to you that you must expect a movement up the Ouachita. The country the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

