
miles; returned to camp 20th March. Corporal Maroney with ten men left Camp; was absent three days; marched eighty-four miles; returned March 17. March 15, Corpl. W. F. Geaslin with six men left camp; was absent three days; killed 1 man, captured 5 horses and 1 mule; marched seventy-five miles; returned March 18. March 16, Corporal King with eight men left camp; was absent two days; killed 1 man. Bushwhackers killed 2 U. S. horses and 1 of Captain Samples' horses. Marche forty-six miles. March 18, Sergeant Craddock with seven men left camp; was gone two days; killed 1 man, captured 2 horses; marched fifty-seven miles; returned March 20. March 22, Sergeant walker with twelve men left camp; was absent two days; wounded 2 men, captured 3 horses; marched eighty-three miles; returned March 24. Lieutenant Hazard with twenty-three men left camp; still out; March 23, Corporal Sullivan eight men left camp; still out. Total miles marched, 625. Total men killed, 5. Total horses killed, 2 United States, 1 private horse. Total horses captured, 12. Total mules captured, 1.

Respectfully submitted.

WILLIAM MONKS,

Captain, Commanding Company K, Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry.

Colonel MORRILL,

Commanding District of Rolla, Rolla, Mo.

MARCH 9-15, 1865. - Scout from Cape Girardeau into Bollinger, Wayne, and Stoddard Counties, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hiram M. Hiller, Second Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., March 15, 1865.

Lieutenant Robert Davis, Company F, Second Cavalry Missouri State militia, with twenty men, return last night from a scout of seven days in Bollinger, Wayne, and Stoddard Counties. He reports killing Lieutenant Reed, of Howard's guerrilla company, and 5 men, and capturing 2 horses, with no casualty in his side.

H. M. HILLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Major H. HANNAHS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Saint Louis District, Saint Louis, Mo.

MARCH 9-15, 1865. - Scout from Fort Larned to Crooked Creek, Kans.

Report of Lieutenant Richard W. Jenkins, Second Colorado Cavalry.

FORT LARNED, KANS., March 15, 1865.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Riley, Kans.:

SIR: In reporting this scout we have deemed it expedient to transmit a copy of our journal as giving a more complete record of the past days' work than could otherwise be given you.

We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

R. W. JENKINS,

First Lieutenant, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

H. D. JANES,

Scout, &amp;c.

