
enemy are marching through is so destitute of supplies they must establish a base. The only route from Pine Bluff is via Monticello and Hamburg, Ark., and Bastrop, La., to which point there is a ridge road, gravelly and in good order. From Bastrop to Monroe the road is very difficult and at this time almost impracticable. Forney's division, now here will be retained at this point till further developments. Inclosed for your information is also a copy of a dispatch sent to-day to General Parsons. *

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 1, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana, Natchitoches:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that when you find the enemy are likely to occupy the country about Monroe you will instruct your cavalry before retiring to burn all the cotton liable to fall into their hands, especially that held by Calderwood and others suspected of disloyalty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La. February 1, 1865.

His Excellency H. FLANAGIN,

Governor of Arkansas, Washington, Ark.:

GOVERNOR: Your letter of the 26th ultimo is received. The movement of Churchill's division to Minden, La., places it in a better position for the defense of Arkansas, partially relieves the upper portion of the valley of Red River from the drain they would make on it for supplies, and facilitates a more rapid concentration to oppose and advance of the enemy from any quarter. I have no fears that a movement will be made from Little Rock, by the Little Missouri, toward Washington and the upper Red River Valley. NO more egregious folly could be committed by the enemy. Almost impracticable in summer, it would be impossible at this season. The garrisons on the upper Arkansas have been reduced, and troops from the enemy's command in that district have been sent down the Mississippi to New Orleans. The concentration of a force near the mouth of the Arkansas and at Vicksburg, with information received, indicate that the enemy intend operating on the only good and feasible line open to them from the District of Arkansas by a march through Monticello and a combined movement to occupy Monroe, La., and the lower Ouachita. The enemy have concentrated a force of some 25,000 infantry and 6,000 cavalry at Morganza, Baton Rouge, and New Orleans. Information induces me to believe that an expedition is now projected against Mobile, but that in the spring the whole force will be thrown against this department. The preparations

---------------

*See p. 1361

---------------

