
being made point to one of two lines of operation, either from the Texas coast or up the valley of Red River. Churchill, at Minden, will have comfortable winter quarters already constructed, and is in position there to meet an advance from every point from which Arkansas can be threatened. I am making every effort to check the trade in cotton with the enemy. I some time since instructed General Magruder to burn all the cotton east of the Ouachita. On the 11th ultimo he wrote as follows:

In accordance with instructions from department headquarters, directing me to have destroyed all the cotton that was in danger of falling into the hands of the enemy, I have ordered all cotton east of the Ouachita River to be destroyed.

Material for clothing has been and is being sent to Arkansas to be made up for the troops. Large amounts of clothing have already been distributed, and trains are bringing supplies from Mexico as rapidly as the great distance to be traversed will allow.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 25. Washington, February 1, 1865.

I. Major-General Magruder assumes command of the District of Arkansas.

II. Major-General Fagan will resume command of the cavalry of the district.

III. In addition to his present duties, Major C. B. Moore, quartermaster is charged with that of inspector of the quartermaster's department for the District of Arkansas. He will proceed to visit the office of each officer of the quartermaster's department in the district and make minute and critical inspections of all matters pertaining to the quartermaster's department. He will receive definite instructions from the chief quartermaster of the district and will make detailed reports to him at the close of each inspection as to the efficiency of the various officers the condition of their books and accounts, and all information that will be of benefit to the quartermaster's department.

By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

W. A. ALSTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 1, 1865

Major General M. M. PARSONS,

Commanding at Camden, Ark.:

If the enemy's intention to occupy Monroe is fully developed send the steam-boats in Ouachita to Red River, placing a trusty officer first on board each, with orders to destroy without fail if liable to capture. If impracticable to send them here, have them at Camden, where their destruction can, if necessary, be surely accomplished.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

J. F. BELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

86 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

