
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 7. Shreveport, La., February 2, 1865.

I. For the purpose of enforcing General Orders, Numbers 57,* series of 1864, from department headquarters, enrolling officers are directed to inspect the rolls of detailed men employed in the Government establishments in their districts. Officers in charge of these establishments will, upon application of the enrolling officer, furnish the rolls and exhibit the orders detailing the men.

II. Application for the revocation of any special order must specify the paragraph, number, and date of the order.

III. In order to facilitate the supply of forage and subsistence to detachments of the Reserve Corps, officers of the tax-in-kind service will direct their agents in charge of depots to supply, as far as practicable, the requirements of such commands as are on duty, taking the requisitions and receipts of the officer in command for the forage and subsistence issued to them.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 2, 1865

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER

Commanding District of West Louisiana, Natchitoches:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inform you that he had ordered nine regiments of Wharton's command to be dismounted and placed at General Walker's disposal for the defense of his district. Wharton's command will then consist of two divisions of two brigades each. Each brigade will be composed of three regiments which will be kept recruited up to a minimum of 400 effective men. One of Wharton's divisions will be armed and equipped as cavalry proper and instructed as such; the other considered and used as mounted infantry. The general commanding desires to be informed whether you have yet dismounted Harrison's regiment. The horses are much needed for your batteries.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 2, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana, Natchitoches, La.:

GENERAL: I inclose a copy of a telegram+ just received, which confirms the previous intelligence that the enemy are moving toward Monroe. The commanding general instructs me to say that this movement must be delayed, if not interrupted by the bad weather. If the rains which have fallen here lately have extended through the section in which the enemy are reported it will be impossible for their artillery and heavy wagons to move. You must make the best disposition with

---------------

*See Vol. XLI, Part II, p. 1021.

+Not found.

---------------

