
he means at your disposal to oppose the enemy's intention, which is evidently to establish himself at Monroe and open communication with the Mississippi, making the Ouachita his base of operations for a spring campaign. All your disposable cavalry should be thrown in his front. By placing obstacles in his march he may be delayed in a country where the impracticability of the roads and the scarcity of supplies may alone cause a failure of his expedition. The general commanding proposes ordering Forney's division to Mansfield or in the vicinity of Natchitoches, as you may deem the most advisable. The commanding general deems the latter point probably the better, as the troops would have a shorter distance to march should they be required to move to Texas to the support of General Walker.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - Since writing the above additional information has been received from a reliable scout, which the commanding general believes to be correct. A copy of his dispatch is inclosed. *

J. F. B.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, La., February 2, 1865.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,Commanding District of Arkansas, Washington, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a telegram + sent to Major-General Parsons, at Camden, which is transmitted to you for your information. The commanding general instructs me to write you that he is convinced that the present movement of the enemy has Monroe for its objective point, and the occupation of the lower Ouachita; and that Major-General Churchill, is in the best possible position. The enemy cannot operate against Camden in force or move at this season from Pine Bluff on any other than the ridge road via Monticello, Hamburg, and Bastrop. If Parsons' division is at Camden the garrison there is sufficient. It is difficult to subsist even that force, and to supply a larger one at this time would be impracticable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 2, 1865

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The commanding general instructs me to inform you that in consequence of the movement of the enemy in the direction of Monroe, La., Forney's division will be retained in this vicinity, awaiting further developments.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

+See p. 1361.

---------------

