
been received. In reply thereto the commanding general instructs me to say that the first paragraph as proposed should be modified as follows: Permits, in duplicate for the passage of ---- bales of cotton through our lines, to be issued by the commander of the District of West Louisiana, the holder of said permits to present one of them with $50 in specie or approved sterling exchange (for each bale) to the bonded agent or commissioned officer, who shall be appointed for that purpose at district headquarters, and who shall give a corresponding receipt for the money. On the presentation of the receipt and of the duplicate permit to an officer at the outpost, appointed to receive the same, the cotton authorized by the permit will be allowed to pass through our lines. The officer receiving the bonus and the officer at the outpost will each make weekly reports to district headquarters of their transactions, these reports to be consolidated and forwarded monthly to department headquarters. The moneys received for bonus by the bonded officer or agent at district headquarters will be turned over by him immediately to the C. S. depositary, to be placed to the credit of the War Department. The commanding general think this change advisable for several reasons. It simplifies the transaction and enables you to keep it under control. The points through which cotton is permitted to pass should be limited. It might well be confined to passage on boats down the Red and Ouachita Rivers. Trade with the enemy is prohibited by law, and can only be justified upon the plea of the extreme necessities of the army, the responsibility resting entirely with the commanding general. Therefore, there should be a thorough system of checks established and measures taken to show clearly that the moneys received have been properly accounted for, and should go into the Treasury, to be drawn out by warrant under the usual restrictions of that Department. The preamble of your draft, I am, also instructed to say, should be changed so as to represent that the pressing wants of the army create a military necessity for rendering available for supplies the cotton near the enemy's lines. The the people cannot create a military necessity justifying a violation of the law. In other respects the plan submitted by you is approved by the commanding general.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION

Camp Magruder, February 4, 1865.

Major BLOCHER,Commanding Artillery Battalion:

MAJOR: Major-General Churchill directs that you move your battalion at once to this place and occupy the quarters erected by the artillery battalion attached to Major-General Forney's division. He further directs that upon your [arrival] you report in person at these [headquarters for] instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. KIDDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

