HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION.

Camp Magruder, February 4, 1865.

Major BLOCHER,Commanding Artillery Battalion:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding division directs me to say that owing to the difficulty of procuring forage at this point, you will not move your battalion to this camp, but will remain in your present encampment until further orders.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant

C. E. KIDDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, La., February 4, 1865.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,Commanding District of Arkansas, Washington, Ark.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 27th ultimo is received. The general commanding directs me to say that he is unable to understand your views as therein expressed, your communication not being clear or concise either as to the present or proposed organization of commands, and the strength of each. Complete returns of every regiment should have accompanied your letter. The present organization as the commanding general understands it is unsatisfactory retaining in service seventeen regiments and two battalions, a larger force than the necessities of your district require, and a much greater one than can be subsisted mounted. The commanding general has directed the dismounting of nine regiments of Major-General Wharton's command, and he is reducing the mounted force of the Districts of Louisiana and Texas. It is impossible longer to maintain a large cavalry force in this department. If a sense of justice and of patriotism does not satisfy the men that the interests and necessities. Of the country all demand its reduction they are valueless as soldiers. Three regiments are sufficient for a brigade of mounted men. A greater number is cumbersome and cannot easily be foraged in one locality. You can retain the organization proposed, two divisions of two brigades each, but the brigades must be reduced to three regiments each. This will leave twelve regiments mounted; the remainder should be immediately dismounted. Inclosed is a copy of a letter addressed to Major-General Wharton upon the subject of the reorganization of his command. * If you adopt the plan recommended to General, Wharton and concentrate the revolvers and cavalry arms in one brigade, you may have sufficient to arm it effectively as cavalry proper. Your requisitions for any deficiency will be filled if possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, La., February 4, 1865.

Major General J. F. FAGAN,Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c., District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: The commanding general instructs me to reply to your telegram of this date, as follows: General Buckner has been directed

---------------

*See January 30, 1351.

---------------

