
to throw all of his available cavalry in front of the enemy moving toward Monroe. The commanding general does not believe that it is practicable even for cavalry to operate now. The only road passable for troops, if there be one, is the ridge road, by Monticello, Hamburg, and Bastrop, upon which the enemy are reported to be advancing. To operate on their flank it will be necessary to move through bottoms and low country, which now must be impassable. Wagons cannot be used. There is little or no forage or subsistence in that section, and, with but little hope of effecting anything, the horses would be broken down and lost and the command rendered unfit for service in the spring. Though anxious to reduce the cavalry, the commanding general does not wish them all dismounted nor to have it done in that way. He has just received information that Bee's brigade, near Laynesport, cannot move in any direction because of swollen streams and impassable roads. They are as yet unable to obey the first order sent them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS RESERVE CORPS, STATE OF TEXAS,Brenham, Tex., February 4, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose list of battalion and regimental commanders called into the field by recent orders from headquarters Bureau of Conscription, as also a copy of said order. By it only two companies of Lieutenant-Colonel Shannon's battalion will take the field, his battalion being divided by the thirty-second parallel of latitude. Major Schmitdz has only three companies moving, for the same reason. The organizations are just being completed. Blank muster-rolls have been sent out to them, with orders to send them in corrected, as those heretofore received do not give a correct data as to the number of men actually present. This information will be forwarded to district headquarters as soon as received. The recent heavy rains will prevent the concentration of the battalions, for what length of time will depend upon the weather. The streams are too much swollen to be crossed with any dispatch, and some can hardly be crossed at all when very high. If the rain promises to continue I will get the battalions of De Witt, Bean, and Schmidtz over on the east side of the Brazos if possible before it rises. I had selected the west side, opposite to Hempstead, for them. I am having the regimental and battalion commanders to recommend some suitable person for assistant quartermasters and assistant commissaries of subsistence, requiring each to send up the bond required by law, and when received will forward them by special messenger to department headquarters. In the meantime I will give to these parties a certificate stating the facts and authorizing them to act until their applications can be acted on by the proper authority. If their acts their applications can be acted on by the proper authority. If their acts cannot be acknowledge in foraging and subsisting procuring the necessary articles to keep them in the field, I respectfully ask of the major-general commanding to assign for the time such officers as are necessary to act until the action of the proper authority can be had on their bonds. If neither of these courses can be taken it will be impossible to keep these troops in the field. I respectfully ask for instructions from the major-general commanding at his earliest convenience. I inclose

