
[Inclosure.]

Copy of the journal of general scout.

Thursday, March 9, 1865, left Fort Larned, Kans., pursuant to verbal instructions from the colonel commanding district, with sixty-seven men, in company with the stage escort, at 2 p. m. Traveled over a rolling prairie to Coon Creek, twelve miles, where we arrived at 5 p. m. Found good water and plenty of buffalo grass, but very little wood. Friday, 10th, broke camp on Coon Creek at 7 a. m. A steady drive up the Arkansas bottom for eight hours brings us to camp Numbers 2; distance traveled, thirty miles. At 12 m. we struck a burnt district, which we are still in. No grass to be found except on an occasional island; fuel plenty. Saturday, 11th left camp this a. m. at 5 o'clock. At 8 a. m. we reached the point where the road leaves the bottom and where we determined to cross the river. At this point we bid farewell to the stage escort, and packing what corn and rations we could (leaving the balance on the ground until our Return) we crossed the Arkansas, landing safe on the south bank at 11 a. m. immediately pulling out in a southwest course, we struck, about three miles from the crossing, a wagon and lodge-pole trail which led us to Mulberry Creek. Following up that stream for nine miles we made camp Numbers 3 at 3 p. m. Found plenty of wood, but no grass, and water only in pools. Saw to-day the first fresh Indian sign, and about sundown the pickets reported the approach of two Indians; but they, discovering our whereabouts, did not come within reaching distance. Sunday, 12th, left camp at 8 a. m., and following up Mulberry a mile and a half we struck the wagon and lodge-pole trail which in two hours carried us on to a high ridge which we thought to be the divide between Mulberry and crooked Creeks, and which is almost entirely destitute of wood, grass, and water (a little of the latter to be found in pools). At 2 p. m., thinking the train was taking us too far to the west, we left it and struck directly south. At 4 p. m. we came in sight of a stream, supposed to be Crooked Creek. In following down the divide to one of its branches we struck a fresh lodge-pole trail supposed to have been made by the band (afterward reported to be fifteen strong) that discovered us that night. At about 12 m. to-day we discovered a heavy column of smoke directly south of us, supposed to be on the head of the headwaters of one of the branches of Crooked Creek. The smoke was visible the balance of the day. went into camp about 5 p. m. on a small branch. Found plenty of wood, water, and grass. About 7 p. m. we discovered a fire a short distance below us. Upon examination there proved to have been about 100 camp-fires, some of which were still burning. We also found a trail of about forty lodges coming from the direction of the headquarters of Mulberry Creek, crossing this branch at this point a few hours previous to our arrival, and running due east. Monday, 13th, left camp at 8 a. m., and following this branch, which runs due south, we, at 12 m., struck Crooked Creek. Following down that stream (which runs south of east) until 2 p. m., when, discovering an Indian (supposed to be on picket) to the north, we changed our course toward that point. As we proceeded the Indians became very plenty in every direction and all making toward a body of timber in our front. About 4 o'clock one of Indians came to us, giving up his arms and reported himself an Arapaho, of Little Raven's band. That chief, he said, had been killed. he led us to their village, consisting of twenty-four lodges, which was deserted (apparently in great haste) and signaled his chief to come to us from the bluffs, where we could see a good many various and almost any amount of squaws and papooses

