
place for deserters, and in this way holds out, perhaps, an inducement to men to forsake our cause. I send you a tabular statement of the commands of this district, but, for reasons you will understand, do not now inform you of their location. This is a corps organization only on paper. The effective total of the entire command is-*

The above act of legislature was passed December, 1863, and a State force ordered to be organized to defend the frontier. This force is only a paper organization, and General Walker has to send Confederate forces there to protect these counties when necessary. I shall go to Galveston soon and inspect all troops thee and all others in this district. I would thank you to send me a copy of all general orders since June, 1864, care of General E. K. Smith. I shall not pay attention just now to the posts out of my line of travel, until I furnish you the history of the troops. Do I act as you wish in this respect? If not please notify me, as I desire to fully comply with your wishes. I sent you through General Smith my report of Wharton's cavalry, which I hope will give you satisfaction.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

WM. F. MASTIN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Organization of Third Army Corps (District of Texas, &amp;c.) commanded by Major-General Walker.

SECOND TEXAS INFANTRY DIVISION, COMMANDED BY Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT.

Brigade. 	 Regiment. 	 Commander.

6th Texas Infantry	 8th Texas Infantry Reg	 Colonel A. M.

Brigade, Brigadier 	 iment	 Hobby

General P. O.

Hebert, com

mander.

 13th Texas Infantry	 Colonel Joseph

 Regiment	 Bates

 Spaight's Texas infan	 Colonel A. .

 try Regiment	 W. Spaight

 Ragsdale's Texas caval	 Lieutenant

 ry battalion	 Colonel S. G.

 	 Ragsdale

 Beazley's Texas cavalry	 Captain W. H.

 company (unattached.)	 Beazley

5th Texas Infantry	 2nd Texas Infantry Reg	 Colonel A.

Brigade, Brigadier 	 i	 Smith

General J. M. 	 ment

Hawes, commander.

 20th Texas Infantry	 Colonel H. M.

 Regiment 	 Elmore

 Timmons' Texas infan	 Colonel B.

 try, Regiment	 Timmons

 1st Texas Heavy Artil	 Colonel J. J.

 lery	 Cook

 Texas battalion light	 Captain A. E.

 artillery	 Dege

THIRD CAVALRY DIVISION, Brigadier General THOMAS F. DRAYTON, COMMANDER

7th Texas Cavalry	 2nd Texas Regiment,	 Colonel C. L.

Brigade, Brigadier 	 cav	 Pyron

General J. E. 	 alry

Slaugh

ter, command

er.

 Baird's Regiment, cav	 Colonel S. M.

 alry	 Baird

 Anderson's Regiment,	 Colonel T. S.

 cavalry	 An

 	 derson

 Benavides' Regiment,	 Colonel S.

 cavalry	 Benavides

 Welhausen's light bat	 Captain

 tery	 Welhausen

 Hughes' light battery	 Captain R. J.

 	 Hughes

 Jones' light battery	 Captain O. G.

 	 Jones.

 Nichols' light battery	 Captain

 	 Nichols.

9th Texas Cavalry	 Sweet's battalion, cav	 Colonel G. H.

Brigade, Brigadier 	 alry	 Sweet

General H. E.

McCulloch, command

er.

 Brown's Regiment, cav	 Colonel R. R.

 alry	 Brown

 Bradford's Regiment,	 Colonel C. M.

 cavalry	 Brad

 	 ford

 McCord's Regiment, cav	 Colonel J. E.

 alry	 McCord

 The Border Regiment,	 Colonel J.

 cavalry	 Bourland

 McFarland's company,	 Captain A.

 unattached cavalry	 McFarland

 Bones' company	 Captain J. W.

 unattached cavalry	 Bone.

 Dunn's and Goode's com	 Capts. B. F.

 pany, unattached caval	 Dunn and H. H.

 ry	 Goode

 Wilson's company, unat	 Captain Wilson

 tached cavalry

 Rutherford's company,	 Captain A. A.

 unattached infantry	 Rutherford

 Hopkins' company, unat	 Captain Hopkins

 tached infantry

---------------

*An unintelligible cipher is here omitted.

---------------

