HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION.

Camp Magruder, February 6, 1865.

Brigadier General E. McNAIR,Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: Major-General Churchill directs that during his absence temporarily you assume command of this division.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient,

C. E. KIDDER.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, La., February 7, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER

Commanding District of West Louisiana.

GENERAL: You were informed by letter Numbers 5510, February 2, that instructions had been given to dismount nine regiments of Wharton's command. The commanding general directs me to say that he desires these regiments to be made efficient as infantry with as little delay as possible. He anticipates some trouble in dismounting them, much more in disciplining them. He believes that both objects will be best accomplished by the presence of some old and tried infantry regiments which can be distributed among the newly organized brigades, sustain. He proposes ordering King's brigade to Houston (where the cavalry will be dismounted) and with the regiments of that brigade to reorganize three new brigades, each composed of infantry and dismounted cavalry. Brigadier General James E. Harrison, just promoted by the President, will command one of these brigades, Brigadier-Generals King, and Steele the other tow; the latter, as senior to command the division. The promotion of Colonel King has not been approved by the President. By this arrangement he will be retained in command of a brigade. The elements of order which will be infused throughout this new organization will, the general commanding hopes, render the division effective for service in the field by the opening of the spring campaign. The commanding general regrets the necessity which induces him to remove King's brigade from your command, but believes that it will ultimately result in benefit to yourself, as he is convinced that when the division is made efficient the enemy's movements will call it to the District of Louisiana. This plan for strengthening General Walker may prevent the necessity of sending Forney's division from your command. Churchill's division also is at Minden in position to support you. The commanding general suggests the importance, whenever you feel able to accomplish it, of adding another brigade to Polignac's division by dismounting four regiments, of Louisiana cavalry.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,J. F. BELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, February 7, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. WHARTON

Commanding Cavalry of Nacogdoches, Tex. ;

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that he has ordered Brigadier General James E. Harrison to proceed immedi-

