
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF INDIAN TERRITORY. Numbers 6. Fort Towson, C. N., February 9, 1865.

I. Captain E. M. Bacon, assistant quartermaster, Provisional Army, C. S., having reported to these headquarters in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 289, paragraph XIX, headquarters Department Trans-Mississippi, Shreveport La., November 18, 1864, is here by announced as chief paymaster of the District of the Indian Territory, and will be respected as such. Captain Bacon will immediately enter upon the discharge of his official duties.

By order of Major-General Maxey:

T. . M. SCOTT

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, February 9, 1865.

Colonel J. E. McCORD:

Information from the frontier, deemed reliable, goes to show that the recent difficulties with the Indians on the Concho were in all probability the result of imprudence and folly on the part of our own people, and that the Indians were friendly and committing no depredations upon the settlement. I therefore consider it, under all the circumstances, judicious to suspend your march to the frontier until we can obtain further until we can obtain further information. I deem this necessary partly in reference to information I have to-day received from New Orleans, that the Yankees are on the point of sailing with a formidable force for the coast of Texas, as is believed. You will therefore confine your preparations to your frontier expedition, but do not march until further orders. In the meantime send my by special express, if necessary, any information of importance throwing light upon the condition of the frontier which you may receive.

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, La., February 10, 1865.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,President of the Confederate States:

SIR; I have the honor to inclose to Your Excellency the following official papers for your information in reference to an organization of frontier State troops in Texas who are solely under the control of the State authorities; First, a copy of the law of the State of Texas under which they were organized; second, a copy of a joint resolution passed by that State in reference to them; third, general order of Brigadier-General Greer in reference to these troops fourth, my instructions to Major West; * fifth, correspondence between Major West and the governor of Texas; sixth, Major West's report to me: + seventh, my order to Brigadier-General Greer; in all eleven inclosures. His Excellency Governor Murrah informs me that he has corresponded fully with the War Department on this subject. It thus becomes unnecessary for me to give any detailed history of this State organization further than to say that it contains not less than 4,000 able-bodied men, of whom two-thirds may safely be estimated as liable to conscription; that they are

---------------

*Here omitted, but see Vol. XLI, Part III, p. 986.

+Not found.

---------------

