
SEC. VI. That the companies organized under the provisions of this act shall be required to keep at least one-fourth of their number in the field in actual service, making equal divisions of time; and the officers commanding districts shall have the power and authority to order out the whole force, under such restrictions, regulations, and requirements as the governor may devise, for the control and management of the organization herein provided for.

SEC. VII. That every officer and private of each of said companies shall before entering upon duty be required to take an oath before some one authorized by law to administer oaths, that he will use his best endeavors to arrest and deliver to the nearest C. S. authorities, every person reported or known to him to be a deserter either from the State or C. S. Army, and also all persons from the interior counties who are avoiding conscription or draft service.

SEC. VIII. That the pay of officers and privates while engaged in actual service; as provided in the sixth section of this act, shall be as follows; to wit: Captains, $3 per day; lieutenants, $2. 75 per day; sergeants, $2. 50 per day; corporals, $2. 25 per day; and privates, $2 per day, and no other pay or allowances shall be made to officers or privates than the per diem as above provided.

SEC. IX. That any officer or private willfully failing or refusing to perform his duty, or guilty of any other offense, shall be reported by one of the commissioned officers of his company to the district officer, whose duty it shall be to order the sitting of a court-martial, to consist of not less than three nor more than five commissioned officers, who shall proceeded to hear the evidence, and shall acquit or convict, as the merits of the case may demand; and in case of conviction the court may assess such punishment as is prescribed by the rules, regulations and articles of war for the Army of the Confederate States: Provided, If any person convicted of a minor offense be of conscript age he may, at the discretion of the court, be delivered to the nearest officer of the Confederate States for service in the Army of the Confederate States.

SEC. X. That it shall be the duty of the governor to appoint such person or persons as he may choose to draw from the proper authorities of the State the fund appropriated for the pay of the men organized under this act, such person or persons so appointed to give bond or security for the faithful performance of the duties required of them; the payments to be made to the men as often as once in every four moths.

SEC. XI. That it shall be the duty of the adjutant-general to furnish the companies organized under this act with necessary amount of ammunition, upon proper requisitions made by the commanders of the several districts.

SEC. XII. That the governor shall, upon the completion of the foregoing organization, turn over the frontier Regiment with all the equipments to the C. S. service, provided the Confederate commander will account to the State for all property so turned over at its proper value; otherwise the governor shall make such disposition of said property as shall best subserve the interest of the State. Any law conflicting with this provision, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.

SEC. XIII. That the governor shall cause to be made such other regulations for the government and control of the organizations herein provided for as he may deem necessary to the end that the force so provided shall be made as effectual as possible to defend the frontier, and should Confederate troops be kept on the frontier, and in the event that the enemy should invade any portion of the State near the frontier, the governor shall have the power to order the commanders of such

