
districts as may be contiguous to the scene of danger to take the whole or part of their respective forces to participate in repelling the enemy; but in no event are such forces to be kept away from their own proper field of operations for a longer time than one month, unless such forces are used against an Indian enemy.

SEC. XIV. That this act take effect and be in force from and after its passage.

Approved, December 15, 1863

Official copy.

H. P. PRATT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

JOINT RESOLUTION.

Be it resolved by the legislature of the State of Texas, That the governor be and he is hereby, required to discharge from service in the frontier organization all persons now embraced in said organization who were not bona fide citizens of the frontier on the 1st day of July 1863.

Approved, November 15, 1864.

STATE OF TEXAS, DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

I, Robert J. Townes, secretary of state of the State of Texas, do certify the above to be a true and correct copy of the original now on file in my department.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto signed my name and caused the seal of my department to be affixed at Austin this 22nd day of November, A. D. 1864.

[SEAL.]

R. J. TOWNES.

Secretary of State.

[Inclosure No. 3.]
SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. BUREAU OF CONSCRIPTS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 40. Marshall, March 12, 1864.

* * * *

III. Conscripts in that portion, of the State of Texas defined in Special Orders, Numbers 10, current series from this office, who have been enrolled are allowed to form temporary organizations for the defense of the Texas frontier. The commandant of conscripts for Texas will cause them to be organized into companies in the Confederate service, and will permit them to remain at home whilst their presence is necessary for the protection of the frontier. He will require the muster-rolls of said companies to be returned to him, and will forward them to these headquarters. Whilst in service on the frontier the companies will receive neither pay nor allowances as soldiers.

* * * *

W. STEDMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

AUSTIN, TEX., October 19, 1864

Governor P. MURRAH:

SIR: By the special direction of the general commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department, I have the honor to call your attention and

