
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Austin, November 23, 1864

Major C. S. WEST:

SIR: Your note, dated Austin, November 18, 1864, has been received, and in reply I have to say that the communications referred to as addressed by yourself to me, at the instance of General Smith were placed before the legislature, as you requested, together with a special message from me on the subjects embraced in the communications.

* * * *

The joint resolutions furnished you was the only action taken upon the subject of the frontier organization.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. MURRAH.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 10, 1865.

His Excellency, P. MURRAH,

Governor of Texas:

GOVERNOR: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your various communications with regard to the frontier organization and to state to you that in accordance with the statements made to you by Major C. S. West in November last the whole matter has been referred to the President for final action. Your communication of November 29, complaining of a breach of this understanding as to the frontier troops, was evidently written by you under a misapprehension of the facts. No such order as you complain of has ever been issued from department headquarters, nor was any such order issued by Brigadier-General Greer. Colonel Martin, misconceiving the effect of an order from Brigadier-General Greer as to the disbanding of certain local companies, issued the order of which you complained. So soon as it came to the knowledge of the general commanding it was promptly revoked, before the receipt of your communication on the subject. A copy of his letter to Brigadier-General Greer was forwarded to you at once for your information by Colonel Bryan. Another is herewith inclosed. You need not fear a breach of this agreement on the part of the department commander. He will await the pleasure of the President. He has, however, urged upon him the impropriety of retaining on the Texas frontier so large a body of men liable to conscription when their services are so much needed elsewhere.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WEST,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.

Austin, November 23, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH:

SIR: Your letter of October 21 in relation to the frontier organization has been received. Major West, of your staff, will inform you of the action of the legislature upon the subject. Your views on that subject were placed before that body, but they refused to interfere with the existing laws of the State on that subject. The organization

