
The chief, after some hesitation, came to us, and shaking hands, invited us to the village, doubtless for a "talk. " But we thought best to move on up the creek and left the talk go for the present. Proceeding up this branch (whose course is due south) about a miles we found another village of eighteen lodges, also deserted. Marching about a mile farther up the creek we went into camp about 7 o'clock with plenty of wood, water, and grass. We learned from our captive and his chief that the Comanches, numbering from 1,000 to 1,500 warriors, were encamped on the Cimarron about twenty miles distant from this village, and that the Apaches and Kiowas, numbering from 500 to 800, were encamped on Crooked Creek about six miles below this point. This report we believed, from the fact of seeing, soon after leaving our course down the creek, a heavy column of smoke arise from the timber on that stream at a point we had aimed to strike. Judging from this information, and from the increasing signs of large bodies of Indians in our immediate vicinity, we thought it would not be advisable to destroy the villages that we passed through. To-day we have crossed unnumerable fresh trails of from 50 to 200 ponies running in all directions. After resting for three hours we, at 10 p. m., again broke camp and traveled a due north course and arrived at our old camp on Mulberry Creek (camp Numbers 3.) at 5 o'clock, where we rested until 10 a. m. when we again pulled out, the wagon and lodge-pole train out to the Arkansas River, which is struck about 200 yards from our deposit of corn, Crossing the river at 1 p. m. we stopped two hours to feed, and then moved down to camp Numbers 2, where we arrived at 8 p. m. Wednesday, 15th, left camp at 7 a. m. and reached Fort Larned at 3 p. m. and reported to Captain Moses, commanding post.

R. W. JENKINS,

Lieutenant, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

MARCH 10-13, 1865. - Scout from Little Rock to Clear Lake, Ark., with skirmish (11th) at Clear Lake.

Report of Colonel James M. True, Sixty-second Illinois Infantry.

PINE BLUFF, March 13, 1865.

Seven men of the Third Wisconsin Cavalry have just come in who state that they left Little Rock on Friday last, with Captain Giesler, on a scout. That they were surprised and scattered on Saturday near Clear Lake by a force of rebels numbering near 200, and that a large portion of this party was killed or captured. These men will be sent to Little Rock by first boat.

JAMES M. TRUE,

Colonel Sixty-second Illinois Veteran Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock.

MARCH 11, 1865. - Affair near the Little Blue River, Mo.

Report of Colonel Chester Harding, Jr., Forty-third Missouri Infantry, commanding Fourth Sub-District, Central District of Missouri.
HDQRS, FOURTH SUB-DIST., CENTRAL DIST. OF MISSOURI,Kansas City, March 15, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to state, for the information of the general commanding the district, that on Saturday last, the 11th instant, I placed

