
to be directed. Neglect of this simple matter often causes much delay, and compliance with the above rule will enable the department to give prompt attention to all question submitted for decision.

II. The transfer of detailed men from the employment of the officer to whom they are ordered to report, unless made by the authority granting the detail, is strictly forbidden, and any officer making such transfers will be held to a rigid accountability.

III. Major George A. Gallagher, assistant adjutant-general, is assigned to duty at department headquarters.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 37. Shreveport, La., February 10, 1865.

* * * *

VI. Colonel Martin, with his Regiment, will relieve Colonel Bourland from duty in the Northern Sub-District of Texas.

VII. Colonel Bourland, with his Regiment, will proceed forthwith to Nacogdoches, Tex., and report to Major-General Wharton.

* * * *

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

P. B. LEEDS,Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[FEBRUARY 11, 1865. - For General Orders, Nos. 2 and 3, headquarters Armies of the Confederate States, relative to the pardon of deserters, &amp;c,. see Vol. XLVI, Part II, pp. 1229 and 1230.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 11, 1865.

Honorable James A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va. ;

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to the inclosed communication from Major W. H. Haynes, acting chief quartermaster for this department. The service here is virtually without funds. Under the act of Congress approved February 16, 1864, published in General Orders, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, Numbers 30, series of 1864, every article impressed must be paid for at the time of impressment. The credit of the Government is now so low, owing to its failure to pay its heavy indebtedness represented by certified accounts, that farmers and others absolutely refuse to sell to it. They already hold its unpaid certified accounts for large amounts and naturally do not with to credit it any longer. The tax collector is at their door threatening summary proceedings against their property unless they pay their taxes, and at the same time they hold the certificates of indebtedness of the Government for double and treble the amount of taxes. The things are of daily occurrence, and spread discontent and dissatisfaction widely among our producers at home. The legislature of the States have passed stringent laws against illegal impressments; the impressing

