
at the Department that any beneficial result is to accrue from the use of such funds. It is with great difficulty these certificates are paid out at all, the people demanding a currency receivable for taxes, though if small bills, say of the denomination of hundreds, were furnished it would give more satisfaction and might be appropriated to a good advantage. As matters now stand, a planter in accepting these certificates of so large a denomination, does it under a conviction that the Government is doing him a great injustice, and feels aggrieved that he is not paid in a different character of funds. In my judgment, it is of vital interest to the department commander that he take steps to insure, if it be practicable the arrival in his department of the best class of currency. The outstanding debts of this branch of the service alone will, in my opinion, reach the enormous sum of $20,000,000 a large proportion of which is due since the organization of the district or department. Scarcely a farmer is to be found on our thoroughfares who has not one of these "promises to pay," and under a misapprehension of facts charges, very naturally, to inefficiency on the part of officers of this department these troubles, and when one of them attempts a purchase is coolly told to pay up old scores, when certified accounts will again be received. We cannot use certified accounts; cannot use the large size certificates of indebtedness; cannot impress; have no currency; the army is in want, it cannot be supplied, and the general commanding has, in a few words, our condition. Strong, energetic, immediate and continuous action is required on this subject until the remedies are obtained. Not less than $1,000,000 monthly will suffice for current expenditures.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. HAYNES

Major and Acting Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, February 11, 1865

Honorable p. W. GRAY,

C. S. Treasury Agent:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose to you the within communication from Major Haynes, acting chief quartermaster for this department. * This truthful statement of the deplorable condition of that department for want of funds I deem it my duty to call to your especial attention. The failure of the Treasury Department to furnish the funds necessary to pay the debts of the Government has, in a great measure, destroyed its credit. Practically, nothing can now be bought in this department on the promise of the Government to pay. The Government has failed to fulfill its promises for want of funds. The obtaining of supplies by purchase and voluntary sale to the Government is virtually at an end. Impressment then, is the only means left. Under the act of Congress of 16th of February, 1864, articles must be paid for at the time of their impressment. This cannot be done without money. The want of funds thus effectually cuts off the Government from obtaining supplies in any mode known to the law. The necessities of the service are great. It is my duty to call attention plainly to these matters. I trust if you have not the means of furnishing funds to fill the different requisitions made upon you by

---------------

*See Haynes to Boggs, next, ante.

---------------

