
not exceeding one for each officer, except in the bureaus at Marshall, Tex., and those in the service of the Post-Office, Treasury and Adjutant-General's Departments; men detailed in field service, in which class is embraced those constantly engaged in collecting cattle, horses, and mules, and in hauling indispensable supplies from one post to another; artisans, mechanics, and persons of scientific skill in the service of the Government contractors with the Government whose personal services are certified by the chief of the department with whom they have contracted to be indispensable to the execution of their contracts and whose individual attention is given thereto.

III. Officers are not permitted to relieve men regularly detailed to them. When they wish details revoked application must be regularly made, stating the reasons.

IV. Men whose details are revoked for misconduct or neglect of duty will not be again subject to detail during the remainder of their term of service.

V. No detailed man will be furloughed unless he has a certificate of a medical board or is recommended by the officer with whom he is serving for extraordinary skill and attention to duty.

VI. Able-bodied agriculturists who are detailed from department headquarters, and whose details are hereby revoked, will be allowed until the 1st of May, 1865, to renew their applications. If they are not redetailed by that date enrolling officers will send them to their commands without delay.

VII. Men detailed as mechanics, artisans, or persons of skill, other than those in the service of the Government, will be allowed until the 1st of May, 1865, to have their details renewed. If not renewed by that time they will be sent to their commands.

VIII. Leaves of absence and furloughs granted by Brigadier General H. T. Hays, Provisional Army C. S. for thirty days, will be respected.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,

Fort Towson, C. N., February 13, 1865.

The following order is published for the information of all concerned;
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Numbers 25. Fort Towson, C. N. January 26, 1865.

* * * *

IV. In compliance with instructions from department headquarters contained in letter 5217, dated January 10, 1865, Captain B. W. Marston is hereby authorized to organize a battalion or Regiment of white troops out of the Indian division, to be permanently attached to the Indian district.

In organizing the above command Captain Marston will be guided and governed by the instructions contained in the letter above referred to and the district commander's indorsement thereon, together with the agreement as set forth in General Stand Watie's to these headquarters, Numbers 23 dated January 21, and the district commander's indorsement upon it, and the acts of Congress and orders from the War Department will be observed in organizing and completing said battalion or Regiment, which will be done with as little delay as practicable, and report thereof made to these headquarters.

By order of Major-General Maxey:

T. M. SCOTT,Assistant Adjutant-General.

I may be found for the present at these headquarters.

B. W. MARSTON,

Inspector-General Cooper's Division, District of Indian Territory.

