
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 24, 1865

Respectfully forwarded and recommended.

My return and communication to the War Department exhibit the necessity for assigning competent division commanders to duty with the troops in this department. Major-General Stevenson has been previously applied for by me.

E. KIRBY SMITH.

General, Commanding,.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, February 14, 1865

Brigadier General D. H. COOPER,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL; I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your letter, dated the 10th instant, and to say that the proposed expedition of General Shelby and yourself cannot be undertaken at the present time. Instructions have been received from the War Department assigning you to duty in command of the District of the Indian Territory. He will act upon the order and has requested the War Department to revoke it. Your letter of June 30, 1864, was forwarded to the War Department, with the following indorsement:
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

July 31, 1864,.

Respectfully forwarded to General S. Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond.

Brigadier General D. H. Cooper cannot perform properly the duties of a general officer and superintendent of Indian affairs.

E. KIRBY SMITH.

General.

Pickler's battalion will be retained in the Indian Territory, and Wells' Regiment will march with Bee's brigade. He regrets there are no funds in the department for any purpose, and would be glad to order what is necessary to meet the indebtedness if there were any from which to order. The supply of arms in this department is not sufficient to meet its wants, and their distribution must depend upon the most pressing wants of the service.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Shreveport, La., February 15, 1865

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

MY DEAR SIR: At the request of many citizens of Louisiana I write you this. It is their ardent desire that Brigadier General Harry T. Hays should be promoted and assigned to duty in this department. There is at present a division of Louisiana troops in this State without a major-general commanding. I have therefore the honor to join with the good people of my State in urging upon you their request. The

