
officers and men of the division to which we wish him assigned are especially anxious to have him as their commander. As no officer in the Confederacy has distinguished himself more on the battle-field or deserved better of his country, this promotion would meet the cordial approbation of every Louisiana.

Very truly, your friend and obedient servant,

HENRY W. ALLEN,

Governor of Louisiana.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, February 15, 1865

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER.

Natchitoches, La.:

GENERAL: Governor Allen goes to your headquarters for the purpose of arranging definitely with you a plan of operations by which he can export cotton for the State of Louisiana. Whilst the principle is clear that the State cannot claim the privilege of exporting cotton through our lines I will confirm any arrangement made by you with Governor Allen, reserving the privilege of canceling all contracts or agreements and closing our lines to the exit of all goods whatsoever at any time I find it necessary to do so. I inclose you a copy of my letter to Judge Gray, in which I asked for his co-operation and support in the utilization of cotton near your lines. I have as yet received no answer, and I understand that Judge Gray will be violently opposed to any plan permitting cotton to pass our lines, and he claims that his failure to provide supplies under the President's regulations will be consequent upon the decline in the value of cotton arising from the opening of the trade through our lines. I find that strong opposition is being made by others, and if Judge Gray opposes me I shall close the lines entirely to the egress of cotton. I informed Major Adams who showed me his agreement made with Major Haynes, that he must take no steps in carrying it into effect until I had heard from Judge Gray. I would recommend that you approve no other agreement of a similar nature, until the matter is definitely settled, as they are all liable to revocation at any moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. KIRBY SMITH

General.

GENERAL ORDERS. HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS. Numbers 30. Lewisville, February 15, 1865.

Major General M. M. Parsons, commanding Camden and its defense, will in addition to his present duties assume command of the District of Arkansas during the temporary absence of Major-General Magruder.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

W. A. ALSTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, February 16, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to inclose herewith the application of Colonel Yager to take his Regiment to the Cis-

