
one of my men upon the Warrensburg stage as drive and placed three more inside, for the purpose of catching the two or three bushwhackers who have recently been robbing passengers. The stage was attacked by five men about three miles below the Little Blue. My men gave them battle and drove them off, killing one, mortally wounding another, and killing a third. The remaining two got-re-enforcements and again attacked the stage with fifteen men. The drive endeavored to escape with the stage, but was overtaken and robbed, and one horse was taken from the team; the other en and a passenger took to the brush and made good their escape to Independence. The commanding officer, Major B. K. Davis, at Independence, has no cavalry, but he pressed twenty-eight horses, mounted men upon them, and pursued the bushwhackers. At the same time I ordered a company of Infantry to be stationed at the crossing of the Little Blue, and a party of cavalry, dismounted, to be stationed at Lee's Summit on the prairie half way from Independence to Pleasant Hill I also directed Major Mullins, commanding at Pleasant Hill, and requested the commanding officer at Lexington to send out mounted scouts. The result of these operations has been top show that the bushwhackers scattered near the line of the railroad. My men are still scouting, but have come across none of the guerrilla party. I have re-established the escort for the stage, but cannot keep it up for more than a day or two, for my cavalry is all about to be mustered out.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHESTER HARDING, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-District.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Central District of Missouri.

MARCH 12, 1865. - Affair near Lone Jack, Mo.

Report of Major Alexander W. Mullins, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

PLEASANT HILL, MO., March 13, 1865.

My foot scout has just returned. Had a fight last night two miles east of Lone Jack with two bushwhackers. The latter escaped, though one of them went off evidently wounded. My men captured two revolvers from them. My men had privately surrounded a house, and these bushwhackers afterward came to it, when the fight occurred.

A. W. MULLINS,

Major.

Colonel HARDIN,

Kansas City.

MARCH 12-23, 1865. - Scout from Lewisburg into Yell and Searcy Counties, Ark.

Report of Colonel Abraham H. Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry (Union).

LEWISBURG, March 23, 1865 - 7. 30 p. m.

Lieutenant Boles, Third Arkansas, returned this p. m. from twelve days' scout in Yell County. Coffee is expected daily in that section to

