
to be halted there, and directs me to say that he desires you to order Brigadier-General King with any one Regiment of his brigade, except the Fifteenth Texas Infantry, forthwith to this place. He intends to send General King with the Regiment selected and the Eighteenth Texas Infantry from Forney's division to Marshall to form a brigade with the dismounted regiments, which brigade he will attach to General Forney's division. The remaining regiments of King's brigade, under command of the senior officer present, will be sent forward to Hempstead. As the dismounting of the cavalry will not take place until their arrival, the general commanding directs that they may be sent as soon as possible.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 17, 1865.

Major General J. A. WHARTON,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Nacogdoches:

GENERAL; The general commanding directs that you will proceed to Hempstead, Tex., with your whole command. After assembling at that point you are directed to dismount nine regiments, viz, Baylor's, Chisum's, Martin's, Terry's, Colonel Peter Hardeman's, Wells' the Twenty-ninth (De Morse's), Twenty-third (Gould's), Thirty-fifth (Likens'). Chisum's Regiment will be dismounted at this place and assigned to Forney's division in place of the Eighteenth Texas Infantry, which will be dismounted at this place and assigned to Forney's division in place of the Eighteenth Texas Infantry, which will be ordered to one of the brigades formed of the dismounted regiments. Wells' and De Morse's regiments will be dismounted at Marshall, Tex., where they now are. One Regiment of the brigade at present under the command of Brigadier-General King will be ordered to Marshall, which with the Eighteenth Texas Infantry and the regiments dismounted at that point, will constitute a brigade, to be commanded by Brigadier-General King. The remaining regiments of King's present brigade will be ordered to Hempstead, Tex. to be distributed among the brigade formed by the regiments dismounted there; the Fifteenth Texas Infantry to be assigned to Brigadier-General Harrison's brigade. Brigadier-General Major will command the other brigade formed of the dismounted regiments and King's present brigade. Major-General Maxey will be assigned to the command of the division. The remaining cavalry regiments will be formed into a corps of two divisions, to be commanded by yourself. The divisions will be constituted as follows:

First Texas Cavalry Division, Brigadier-General Bee commanding - First Brigade (Brigadier-General Debray commanding): Twenty-sixth Texas Cavalry (Debray's Regiment), Thirty-second Texas Cavalry (Wood's Regiment), Brown's Regiment, Texas cavalry. Second Brigade (Brigadier-General Lane commanding); Lane's Regiment, Madison's Regiment, Fifth Texas Cavalry (Colonel McNeill's Regiment).

Second Texas Cavalry Division, Brigadier-General Steele commanding-Third Brigade (Brigadier-General Steele commanding): Twelfth Texas Cavalry (Colonel Parsons), Twenty-first Texas Cavalry (Lieutenant-Colonel Giddings), Thirty-third Texas Cavalry (Colonel Duff), Waller's Regiment, Texas cavalry. Fifth Brigade (Brigadier-General

