
The troublesome question of eventualities in the minds of many is readily met by the impending necessity of retaining a mercenary army in time of peace, which would absorb the remnants of the servile element whenever peace shall dawn upon the nation. Thus may we combine the reserve corps of those States, the slave force, the Indian force (semi-civilized and savage), the Mexicans and Mormons, in strength sufficient to retain complete military possession of that department, enabling General Smith's army to move promptly into Tennessee, and thus co-operate with the armies of the east of meet and roll back the bloody tide of fanaticism now threatening to engulf us. With such armies wielded under the inspiration of a magnanimous will, there is much reason to believe that the impending abolition crusade may be stayed, or else, indeed, that we may define and mark our boundaries of eternal hatred as high as heaven and as deep as hell, as a memorial in the annals of mankind of a grand effort by a proud and gallant people to defend their civil liberties as they inherited them from their revolutionary fathers. The deep interest felt by me in the success of our arms constitutes my excuse for thus tendering observations on the military resources of that distant though important field, founded on a long period of military service along that extensive Western frontier rendering me in some measure familiar with those elements of strength, as well as geographical noticed in this memorandum.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

DANIEL RUGGLES,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, C. S.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 23, 1865.

As the subject-matter of this letter takes a wide range and involves questions of state, I am compelled to submit it for the consideration of the Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT. Numbers 13. Shreveport, La., February 20, 1865

I. The establishments for the manufacture, of clothing camp and garrison equipage are constituted department depots, and are placed in charge of the following officers: Houston, Tex., Captain E. W. Taylor assistant quartermaster; Huntsville, Tex. Major W. D. Beard, quartermaster; Mound Prairie, Tex., Major J. J. Busby, quartermaster; Gilmer, Tex. Captain A. U. Wright, assistant quartermaster; Shreveport, La., Captain J. W. Bossert, assistant quartermaster. These officers will report to and receive their instructions from Major W. H. Haynes, Chief of Clothing Bureau.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ROSS' BRIGADE CAVALRY,

Deasonville, Miss., February 20, 1865

Lieutenant-General SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL; Authority has been obtained to furlough one-half of my command and send officers and men to Texas, to recruit and fill their

