
depleted ranks by compelling the return of absentees and deserters from the brigade. I therefore respectfully solicit your authority for my officers to recruit their regiments and an order compelling the deserters from my command to return. I have evidence establishing the fact that Lieutenant Colonel O. Steele, commanding a cavalry battalion in Texas, and many other officers of similar grade, are harboring deserters from my brigade and holding them to duty with their commands. Such conduct will eventually break up the organizations of troops from the Trans-Mississippi Department, and I respectfully invite your attention to this matter, knowing that you recognize the necessity of keeping these men on this side of the Mississippi River. No power on this side can keep them faithful when they feel certain that they can go home and serve with other commands and elude punishment by taking shelter under the authority of some regimental commander near their families, where they incur no danger and endure no hardships.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ROSS' BRIGADE CAVALRY,Deasonville, Miss., February 20, 1865.

Major-General WALKER:

Commanding Department [District] of Texas:

GENERAL: I have been authorized to furlough one-half of my command, and to send officers to the Trans-Mississippi Department on recruiting service, and to bring back absentees and deserters from the Third, Sixth, Ninth, and Twenty-seventh Texas Regiments and Willis' battalion. The opinion prevails here that deserters from the Trans-Mississippi troops serving in this department are encouraged in Texas, and that the authorities there cannot or will not apprehend and return the offenders to their proper commands. Men therefore desert with impunity and attach themselves to regiments and batteries nearer their homes, where no danger is incurred and few hardships endured. And I respectfully invite your attention to the fact that officers in your I respectfully invite your attention to the fact that officers in your department are harboring and protecting such deserters and refuse to send them back to their proper commands. Among this number I will believe, command Texas regiments in your department.

The attention of the War Department has been directed to the matter by the lieutenant-general commanding this department and it is hoped the proper remedy will be applied. Something must be done to deter Trans-Mississippi troops, serving east of the Mississippi River, from deserting and going home (where they have heretofore been allowed to remain unmolested) or all such organizations will be broken up. I am confident you will feel and acknowledge the importance of giving the officers from my command all the assistance in your power to enable them to recover their men. And I respectfully solicit the exercise of your authority to compel officers who are holding my men to duty to release them and drive them back to their proper commands, and to prevent any who may hereafter desert from taking refuge at home or in your department.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General

