SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 45. Shreveport, La., February 21, 1865.

* * * *

III. Major General S. B. Maxey is relieved from the command of the District of the Indian Territory and will report in person at department headquarters. In relieving General Maxey from his present for more important duties, the general commanding takes occasion to express his entire satisfaction with the manner in which he has discharged the various and laborious duties of that district.

IV. Brigadier General D. H. Cooper is assigned to the command of the District of the Indian Territory.

* * * *

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

P. B. LEEDS,Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT.

Shreveport, La., February 21, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana, Natchitoches:

GENERAL: I have just had an interview with Major Venable, commanding the forts at Alexandria, from which I am convinced that the guns in position there will be of but little avail against an attack of the enemy's iron-clad boats. If the works at Grand Ecore can be prepared in time, I suggest for your consideration the propriety of concentrating all our heaviest guns at that point. This will give us a strong battery to fight iron-clads and which may have support from a land force, impossible at Alexandria. If four of the heaviest rifles are taken from the works at Alexandria, the guns that remain will be sufficient to close the river against transports, while their removal will not materially diminish the length of the siege to take the place. This suggestion is made for your consideration; if you approve it no time is to be lost in making the change. If by sending forward additional teams to assist in transporting the heavy guns from Sabine town they can be gotten sooner to Grand Ecore, I recommend that it be done at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH.

General.

[FEBRUARY, 22, 1865. - For General Orders, Numbers 4, headquarters Armies of the Confederate States, promulgating instructions for promoting the efficiency of troops in action, see Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 1249.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, February 22, 1865.

Major General JOHN A. WHARTON.

Commanding Cavalry, Nacogdoches:

GENERAL: I have directed the dismounting of nine regiments from your command. The reduction of the cavalry has become a measure of

