HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 22, 1865

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c., Houston:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that he has determined to dismount a large number of the cavalry regiments in this department and has given the inclosed letter* of instructions to Major-General Wharton, directing him to dismount nine regiments of his command. He desires that you will render General Wharton assistance if he requires it. So soon as the dismounted division is organized the cavalry command will be ordered from Hempstead. The march of Bee's brigade having been delayed by high water, he will dismount the regiments of that brigade at Marshall and form them into a brigade to be attached to Forney's division.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,Camp Magruder, February 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 20th instant at hand and contents noted. The artillery of this division is now encamped at Rocky Mount, twenty-eight miles from Shreveport, on road thence to Camden. From its present camp the artillery would be able to move to Shreveport at any time it might be needed. If, however, it be still deemed necessary for the guns, &c, to be sent to Shreveport, I will instruct Major Blocher, commanding accordingly.

Awaiting further instructions on this subject, I am, general, very respectfully,

T. J. CHURCHILL,

Major-General.

[FEBRUARY 23, 1865. - For General Orders, Numbers 8, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, relating to the employment of the reserve forces, see Vol. XLVI, Part II, p. 1251.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Brownsville, February 23, 1865.

Captain A. H. MAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN; I have the honor, for the information of the major-general commanding, and in reply to his confidential letter, Numbers 385, to inclose copies of my letter under date of February 8, with reply dated 9th, my letter of February 13, and reply of 14th to and from General Mejia, commanding Imperial forces upon the Rio Grande. He will perceive from these that upon receipt of the first information I took such steps to secure the detention of Judge Palmer as were in my reach until I could gather positive information on which to base a formal demand. I inclose

---------------

*See Smith to Wharton, p. 1396.

---------------

