
a copy of letter also, received last night, from Honorable J. A. Quinterro, C. S. commissioner at Monterey, which will show what steps have been taken in this matter. Lieutenant Lane and party leave to-morrow morning on the mission indicated in the letter of the major-general commanding. I secured from General Mejia an order for Judge Palmer to be taken to such point above Camargo as he (Lieutenant Lane) might indicate, where he would be turned over to the C. S. forces and taken to San Antonio. I have hopes of the success of our efforts.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. E. SLAUGHTER

Brigadier-General Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Brownsville, February 8, 1865.

General THOMAS MEJIA,

Commanding, &amp;c., Matamoras:

GENERAL: Inclosed I have the honor to submit two official extracts from the San Antonio Herald. One an editorial, the other an extract of a letter from Judge Palmer to the editor for publication. The general supposition and impression is that Judge G. W. Palmer, who is C. S. depositary at San Antonio, has decamped with a large amount of Government property. His family reached Matamoras last night in a private stage chartered for the occasion. He is at Monterey. From remarks which his wife and family have uttered, it is supposed that they intend proceeding to the City of Mexico. I have not as yet succeeded in procuring sufficient proof of his guilt to warrant me in demanding his return. But I respectfully request that you issue such orders to the commanding officer at Monterey as will secure his detention until the necessary proof of his guilt can be obtained and the demand be made. It is evident, as you will see by the extract inclosed that he can be no friend to you Government, or he would not have published in his paper information, gleaned by him from General Lopez in private conversation relative to the feeling of the Imperial Government and its officers of our Government.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES E. SLAUGHTER.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

MATAMORAS, February 9, 1865

General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Commanding Sub-District of Texas, Brownsville:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledging the receipt of the note, Numbers 239, dated yesterday, which contained two extracts from the San Antonio Herald regarding Judge Palmer, who is justly suspected of having fled from the Confederate States with considerable funds. By a special mail, which I send to Monterey to-day, I have written to General Lopez to have great vigilance exercised over this said Palmer until you can collect with certainty the date that may prove his guilt. Still, in case he should succeed in getting to Mexico, it would not be difficult to effect his capture in San Luis Potosi, or in Queretaro.

Accept, general, the assurances of my great appreciation and profound esteem.

TOMAS MEJIA,

General, Commanding Nuevo Leon, Coahuila, and Tampos.

