
come from Centre Point, with 300 men, to take away wheat from Fourche la Fave Bottom. Boles killed a few rebels near Danville. Sergeant Arnold returned from Scout to Searcy County, killed 2 rebels, had 1 man wounded. Rebels are getting quite numerous in vicinity of Dover and Illinois Bayou. I think they are expecting to re-enforce McRae and Dobbin east of White River, or the latter to come through Dover en route south. If the former, it will be to annoy your railroad communications.

Respectfully,

A. H. RYAN,

Colonel.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Little Rock.

MARCH 15-21, 1865. - Scout from Fort Sumner, N. Mex.

Report of Lieutenant James C. Edgar, First New Mexico Cavalry.

FOR SUMTER, N. MEX., March 22, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major commanding, that, pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 33, dated headquarters Fort Sumner, N. Mex., March 14, 1865, I left this post on the morning of the 15th instant with one non-commissioned officer and four privates, for the purpose of ascertaining the truth or falsity of certain reports received at this post in regard to depredations committed by Indians that I might meet with. On the 15th, 16th, and 17th instant I examined the county lying between this post and Mr. Hamilton's ranch on the Rio Conchas. I found no sign of Indians and from all the information I could get from persons of whom I made inquiries, I judge there have been no Indians in that section of country for some months past. At Mr. Hamilton's ranch I made strict inquiries in regard to Indians being on the Rio Turpentino, and whether they had been killing stock, as was reported here, but from all I could hear on this matter I am led to believe that the reports made by parties in Las Vegas in reference to the Navajos stealing and killing sheep and cattle are without the least foundation. These reports were first stated by peons, who, it is quite likely, first sold the sheep and then, to save themselves, line many other men in this Territory of a little standing, but of the same species, laid it to the account of the unfortunate Navajos. About the time these sheep are said to have been stolen, a party of Navajos who were out on pass for the purpose of hunting, brought into this post and turned over to Brigadier-General Crocker, then in command, 500 sheep, which were lost in a snow-storm and found by the Indians some thirty-five miles above here. Information to the effect that the sheep were here and that the owner could get them was sent to the ranches above here. The owner came down and the sheep were given to him. Now, it does not look quite consistent that, at the time these sheep were brought down, a part of the same Indians were stealing stock from the same herds that the sheep mentioned were lost from. I left Hamilton's ranch on the morning of the 18th instant and proceeded to Anton Chico. I made inquiries of herders whom I passed on the road, if they were troubled by the

