
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Brownsville, February 13, 1865.

General THOMAS MEJIA,

Commanding, &amp;c., Matamoras:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have this day received the accompanying writ for arrest of Judge G. W. Palmer from the Honorable Thomas J. Devine, judge C. S. district court, Western District of Texas issued to the C. S. marshal, and in accordance with the arrangement entered into between us for the "rendition of criminals and refugees from justice," I have the honor to demand his return to me for examination and trial. When last heard from he was at Monterey.

Please accept, general, the assurance of my most profound esteem,

JAMES E. SLAUGHTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

MATAMORAS, February 14, 1865

General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Commanding Western Sub-District of Texas, Brownsville:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Conformably to the first information which you gave me of the crime and flight of Judge Palmer, I notified General Lopez, in order that he should watch him in Monterey, also informing the Honorable Agustin Quinterro of the circumstances, that he might not lose the said judge from his sight. By virtue of your last note regarding this business in the next mail, which leaves this city on the 16th instant, I will direct General Lopez to give orders to secure the arrest of Palmer and have him brought to Piedras Negras, from whence he will be given up to the military authority of the Paso del Aguilor, or any other contiguous point which you may designate. This arrangement would be preferable in order to avoid the alarm and unfavorable interpretations which under the pretext of these captures, the Yankees and other covert enemies of the Empire may spread over the commerce of Matamoras. I think, moreover, that it would be better to proceed in this manner, while in the meantime I may receive from Mexico news of the Emperor having sanctioned the extradition treaty.

Please accept, general, the assurances of my sincere friendship and high consideration.

Your most obedient servant,

TOMAS MEJIA

[Inclosure No. 5.]

MONTEREY, February 19, 1865.

General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Brownsville;

SIR: I am in receipt of your communication of the 12th and 13th instant, and in reply I have the honor to inform you that George W. Palmer, C. S. depositary at San Antonio, left here for the interior on the 28th ultimo. He is accompanied by Major John F. Bryant, of the Confederate Army and Adolfo Mennet and D. L. Wilson, of Texas. They left this city during my absence at Matamoras. Having learned on my arrival here that Palmer was at Saltillo, I immediately called on General Lopez and requested him to order his arrest. He sent Colonel Bar-

