
justify such a step. It would do us more harm than good, and is inadequate to accomplish a partial relief. I agree that an appeal should be made to the executives of the States. They would do what they can to assist us, and should know [how] to prepare for the worst. It is due to them to be apprised of our extremity. Through their joint efforts something might be accomplished. We have no other help in the absence of timely provision by the General Government than that to be derived from these States and the patriotism of their citizens. Besides, the cause is their own; a failure to sustain the army would be their overthrow. I have, as requested by you, freely communicated our condition to the Secretary of the Treasury and inclosed to him a copy of your letter. I herewith inclose to you an open letter, which I trust you will be able to dispatch at once by special and reliable messenger to Richmond, earnestly pressing upon the Secretary the importance of promptly supplying the department with funds. As long ago as the 30th December last, upon the receipt of your letter of the 27th of December by Major S. K. Hays, stating an arrangement by which Major Hays was to undertake the transportation of funds from Richmond, I gave to that officer a similar letter to the one now inclosed to Mr. Trenholm, urging upon him the importance of the subject. I also gave him a latter of introduction recommending him as an officer worthy of confidence in the business, and had hoped, as indicated in my reply to you by Major Hays of same date, that the arrangement would be successful in transmitting funds, but I have since learned that he was afterward employed upon other duty. I have still hope that the Government couriers, Messrs. Ewell &amp; Co., will shortly arrive with some addition to our funds, but must say that I do not expect a sufficient amount by them to meet, even for a short time, the military necessities of the department.

I am, with great respect, your obedie W. GRAY,

Agent Treasury, Trans-Mississippi Department.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, February 24, 1865.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to say to you that in assigning Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson to the command of the Northern Sub-District of Arkansas he would suggest that the troops of that sub-district be organized into two brigades, to be commanded, respectively, by Cols. T. H. McCray and Archibald S. Dobbin. The question of rank between these two officers is settled at department headquarters by recognizing the claim of Colonel McCray to precedence, as just and legal. If it be practicable to cross the troops from the Northern Sub-District to the east side of the Mississippi, the commanding general directs you to order it to be done immediately. Our necessities there are urgent, and it is his desire to re-enforce them by every means in his power. The commanding general also directs that you take measures for bringing south of the Arkansas River all troops who may remain in Northern Arkansas as soon as the season will admit of it.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

