
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Numbers 7. Fort Towson, C. N., February 24, 1865.

* * * * * *

II. The following order from department headquarters is published for the information of all concerned. *

By virtue of the foregoing order, the duties of district commander and superintendent of Indian affairs, which have for the last fourteen months been discharged by the undersigned, will upon the arrival of Brigadier-General Cooper be turned over to that officer. In leaving the district the undersigned returns his grateful acknowledgments to the army and people of this district, and of the Northern Sub-District of Texas, from whence his supplies have been drawn, for their support of his administration. He feels that he has discharged his duty, and that the troops of the district have done gallant and good service since he has been in command. As superintendent his duties have been onerous and complicated. He has used every exertion in his power, with the limited means at his command, to relieve the necessities of the unfortunate but patriotic refugee Indians. He has conferred freely with the civil authorities of the different nations n alliance with the Confederacy, and has done all in his power to suppress lawlessness. His record as district commander is made and he abides by it. The undersigned would earnestly impress upon every officer and soldier and upon every citizen of the district the absolute necessity of harmonious and united action. With this success cannot be doubtful; without this disasters will certainly come. It is hi deliberate judgment that the prospects of ultimate success were never brighter than at this moment. What we now need more than all things else is a united and bold front. For the good of the service, which is you own good, the undersigned would earnestly impress upon all the absolute necessity of upholding and sustaining the new district commander in the arduous and complicated duties that will devolve upon him. NO man will more heartily rejoice at his entire and perfect success than the undersigned. His success will be the success of the cause and of the people.

S. B. MAXEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., February 25, 1865.

His Excellency P. MURRAH, Governor of the State of Texas:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor calling my attention to a communication addressed to you by General J. B. Robertson touching the furloughing of the Texas brigade, serving with the Army of Northern Virginia, and expressing your own desire that the command should be permitted to return to Texas for the purpose of recruiting, &amp;c. Deeply sensible of the continued and important services rendered by that gallant and veteran band, it would have been most gratifying to me to accord with your views in allowing them to return to their homes where they might recuperate and again rejoin the Army of Northern Virginia, to render additional service to their country. To this end your letter was referred by me to General Robert E. Lee. For your information I give you the answer of General Lee in his own words:

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

Respectfully returned to His Excellency President Davis.

I should be much gratified to comply with the request of Governor Murrah, could I do so consistently with the interests of the service. But small as the Texas brigade

---------------

*See Special Orders, Numbers 45, Trans-Mississippi Department, p. 1396.

---------------

