
is, it cannot be spared now. It contains some of the best troops in the army, and its loss would be severely felt. The campaign is just opening, and our want of men is so great that even a smaller number than the Texas brigade could not be spared. The only way I can see to allow them to go home, is to send some other troops from Texas to take their place. I should be much gratified to see the brigade recruited to a division, but to send it away now would be very injurious to the service.

R. E. LEE.

I trust the reasons assigned by General Lee for non-compliance with Your Excellency's request at this time will prove satisfactory.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, February 26, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 24th instant. General Forney informed me Wednesday evening that he had been ordered with his division to Natchitoches. On Tuesday and Wednesday last Chisum's Regiment of cavalry, escorting Federal prisoners from Tyler, arrived at Shreveport. Forney had been instructed to dismount this Regiment and add it to his division. In my interview with him Wednesday evening I instructed him to delay his march until the dismounting of Chisum's Regiment had been effected. He informed me that this would occasion no material delay, as the streams were up and the roads in such condition that his command could not move. There was no order issued from this office and no instructions other than those given by myself in the interview with General Forney Wednesday evening. This Regiment was dismounted yesterday, and Forney has instructions to march in obedience to orders from your headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, February 26, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER MARTIN'S REGIMENT:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you will change the march of your Regiment and proceed to Marshall, Tex., as rapidly as possible, and report to Brigadier-General Bee.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, February 27, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: Major Buckner's communication from Monroe of 21st February with your indorsement is just received. The steamer Barkman was

