
burned in the Bartholomew. The Fletcher and Morgan Nelson have by telegraph to Camden been ordered to Monroe, where they will be at the disposition of Major Buckner for the purpose of procuring corn. The Ouachita country above the Louisiana line is absolutely stripped of forage. The maintain that line the garrison at Camden is compelled to supply itself from the lower Ouachita and its tributaries. It is of vital importance for the protection of Northern Louisiana, as well as the planting interests in the Red River Valley, in the District of Arkansas, that Camden should be held by us. General Magruder estimates that 30,000 bushels of corn will meet his necessities and enable him to maintain the line of the Ouachita until the coming crop can be gathered. The boats will be at the disposal of your officers, and I wish you would instruct them to use dispatch and energy in securing and removing the corn from the Boeuf. What is not needed for the District of Arkansas and your cavalry on the Ouachita can be transported up Little River to within sixteen miles of Alexandria, and be made available for the troops in the lower portion of your district. As the wants of the garrison at Camden are pressing, I wish the first load of the Fletcher sent to that point. You can afterward, as your necessities will allow, increase the amount of corn sent to Camden to 30,000 or even 50,000 bushels. The boats will remain under your control, and General Magruder instructed that he can depend upon your officers forwarding to Camden the corn necessary for the support of that garrison.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 27, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana, Natchitoches:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that after consultation with Major-General Forney he has determined to reorganize his division, forming four brigades, to be constituted as follows:

First Texas Infantry Brigade--Brigadier-General Waul commanding: Eighth Texas Infantry, Twenty-second Texas Infantry, Thirteenth Texas Dismounted Cavalry, Twenty-ninth Texas Dismounted Cavalry.

Second Texas Infantry Brigade--Acting Brigadier-General Waterhouse commanding: Third Texas Infantry, Seventeenth Texas Infantry, Nineteenth Texas Infantry, Sixteenth Texas Dismounted Cavalry, Chisum's Regiment dismounted cavalry.

Third Texas Infantry Brigade--Eleventh Texas Infantry, Fourteenth Texas Infantry, Gould's battalion Texas dismounted cavalry, Martin's Regiment Texas dismounted cavalry.

Fourth Brigade Texas Infantry--Acting Brigadier-General King commanding: Sixteenth Texas Infantry, Eighteenth Texas Infantry, Twenty-eighth Texas Dismounted Cavalry, Thirty-fourth Texas Dismounted Cavalry, Wells' Regiment dismounted cavalry.

Chisum's Regiment has been dismounted and is attached to the Second Brigade. The Twenty-ninth, Martin's, and Wells' regiments Texas cavalry have not arrived. They will be sent to Natchitoches to be dismounted and assigned. Before publishing the proposed organization

