
for events which may transpire in the districts under his command, unless he controls their commanders and has the power of changing them when circumstances demand.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 2, 1865.

Major General T. J. CHURCHILL,

Commanding Division, Minden, La.:

GENERAL: You are directed to move your command to Shreveport, La. Boats will be sent to Minden to transport your baggage, in order that your trains may be brought empty.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

NATCHITOCHES, March 4, 1865.

Mr. A. R. McDONALD:

SIR: Although I have positively prohibited the exit of cotton in the direction of the enemy's lines and the introduction of goods within our own, yet as you have acquired large quantities of cotton from our citizens under the promise of export privileges, you will be allowed to complete your arrangements and export the cotton on the presentation of satisfactory evidence that it will be shipped to Europe without the payment of a revenue tax tot he U. S. Treasury. The boats for the exportation of the cotton that you bring within our lines in the fulfillment of your promise shall be entitled to protection. You will bear in mind that you must not receive cotton belonging to the Government, and any act knowingly committed by you in contravention to the interests of the public service will cause the immediate revocation of the privileges herein granted.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 17. Shreveport, La., March 4, 1865.

I. The following general system of furloughs is adopted for the troops serving in the field in this department, and will not be suspended except by authority of the department commander:

First. Each company will be entitled to furloughs for 10 per cent. of its "total present for duty," this total to include extra-duty men present with the brigade or division. Applications under this paragraph will show the actual condition of the company as to the members present and absent. The men now absent on furlough of indulgence will be included in this percentage.

Second. The length of these furloughs shall be determined by the distance to be traveled. In each case the soldier will be given twenty days at home, and one day addition for each twenty-five miles to be traveled in going from and returning to camp.

89 R R--VOL XLVIII, PT I

