
Third. Soldiers furloughed under this order who remain away from their commands beyond the time granted will be borne upon the company records for twenty days as absent without leave, during which time the company will not be entitled to the furlough privilege. At the expiration of the twenty days they will be dropped from the rolls as deserters. Failing to return immediately upon the termination of the furlough, charges will be preferred against them and punishment inflicted, unless the delay be satisfactorily accounted for.

Fourth. Furloughs will be granted by division commanders, and will show upon their face that they are granted under the provisions of this order.

Fifth. Nothing in this order shall be construed as limiting the number of furloughs upon medical certificates of disability.

II. Surg. C. M. Taylor, Provisional Army, C. S., is announced as medical director of general hospitals for the Trans-Mississippi Department.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Lodi Plantation, March 5, 1865.

Lieutenant WARTELLE,

Commanding Detachment Second Louisiana Cavalry, near Opelousas:

LIEUTENANT: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to write you as follows: Special Orders, Numbers 57, from these headquarters, has this day been issued, in pursuance of several permits from the chief quartermaster District of West Louisiana, approved by General E. K. Smith and recorder in Cotton Bureau at Shreveport, allowing J. Marks to carry beyond our lines, by way of Courtableau, 187 bales of cotton. This cotton will pass through your lines and the pickets and outposts on the lower Atchafalaya will, on production of a clearance of the custom-house authorities at Washington, La., permit it to pass without hindrance. You must be careful that this number (187) of bales pass at one time and in one voyage. This pass (Numbers 57) is good but for one time and will be of no effect after March 18, 1865. This cotton can only pass along the indicated route. This pass or order to transmit this cotton will be null and void and will not be respected by the pickets unless approved by yourself or Captain Prescott, commanding the company. You will send some intelligent non-commissioned officer with and in charge of the cotton to your advanced post, who shall then see that not more than 187 bales of cotton is being carried out of the lines. He shall also take up the pass (or Special Orders, Numbers 57) and you or Captain Prescott will indorse on it a certificate of the day and post when and where the cotton passed and forward it to these headquarters. But, to avoid hindrance to the party taking out the cotton by our scouts, you will give J. Marks the certificate inclosed (to be signed by yourself or Captain Prescott). You are directed to use the utmost caution and activity in this and all similar cases to prevent frauds being committed under pretense of law.

Very respectfully,

D. F. BOYD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

