
enlisted men are absent on furlough, 10,000 absent on details, including all details under conscript law; 6,000 Reserve Corps in Texas, 2,000 in Louisiana, and 2,000 in Arkansas. Reserves only in part armed. If not instructed to move to Missouri, I desire permission to visit Richmond, to justify in person to you my administration of this department. General Buckner will command during my absence, and will push preparations for crossing troops.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

HOUSTON, TEX., March 7, 1865.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Shreveport:

A very reliable agent of the secret service has just arrived from New Orleans, and brings the information from the Catholic Bishop Odin and other reliable sources that the expedition now fitting out there is for operations against Texas. It is to be commanded by Canby and to consist of 40,000 men, to sail about the 10th instant.

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General.

(Copies telegraphed by General Smith March 7 to Lieutenant-General Buckner, at Natchitoches, and March 8 to President Davis.)
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 7, 1865.

Captain JACK WATERHOUSE,

Company I, Lane's Regiment, Lane's Brigade, Major's Division:

CAPTAIN: I inclose herein a copy of an indorsement on a communication sent to Major-General Wharton. * I am instructed by the commanding general to say that he is exceedingly anxious to secure the crossing of troops to the Cis-Mississippi, but has no hope of effecting it unless the men go willingly, individually. The paper inclosed embodies the only plan by which organizations can be made, the officers and men of which will be desirous to cross.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S BRIGADE,March 7, 1865.

Captain J. G. CLARKE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Forces Front Lines, Dist. of West Louisiana:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit you the latest information from the picket front, as follows: At 10 a. m. yesterday, 6th, all quiet at the mouth of Red River and along the Atchafalaya. The water had risen fifteen inches during twenty-four hours up to that time. At Fort De Russy, at 8 a. m. yesterday, the water was at a stand. On 5th instant (after the report of 8 a. m. was sent in) two gun-boats entered Red River

---------------

*Not found, but see Boggs to Buckner, February 16, p. 1389.

---------------

