
under flag of truce. As nothing more is said of them by the commander of the outposts it is presumed that they did not ascend, but passed out of the river. He has been directed to forward more specific information. From Franklin to Berwick Bay all quiet along the Teche on the 5th instant, but the corporal commanding guard of three men on board of schooner Malta (mistook vessel) report that a Federal (armed) transport entered Vermillion Bayou last Friday, 3rd instant, captured and safely carried off the schooner and tug. The corporal states that he made every effort in his power to burn or sink the vessel before she fell into the hands of the Federals. Sergt. J. B. Hebert, Second Louisiana Cavalry, acting scout, was attacked a few days ago by a party of four Federals, cavalry, on La Fourche. He killed one, wounded another, drove off the rest, and brought the horse, arms, and equipments of the killed man. They are creoles from La Fourche.

Very respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 37. Lewisville, March 7, 1865.

I. Major General Sterling Price having reported at these headquarters for duty is assigned to the command of the Missouri Division of Infantry, comprising Parsons' brigade and Mitchell's brigade.

II. In accordance with instructions from department headquarters, Brigadier General M. M. Parsons will resume command of Parsons' Missouri brigade.

III. Captain John W. Lewis, assistant adjutant-general, is relieved from duty at district headquarters and will report to Major-General Price, commanding Division Missouri Infantry.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

ED. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Numbers 63. Fort Towson, C. N., March 7, 1865.

I. The great scarcity of mechanics and tools outside of the army, rendering it nearly impracticable for farmers to secure the necessary repairs for their agricultural implements, now almost useless, and it being very important that the planting interests of the country should be fostered and every aid given to the producers of subsistence, not inconsistent with other interests of the service, in their efforts to raise as large crops as possible, a ll officers and agents, under the orders of the commanding general of this district, who have control of work-shops of any description suitable for repairing farming implements, are hereby directed to set apart as many days in each week, not less than one, as the exigencies of the service will permit, for repairing such farming implements as may be brought to them by the citizens of this Territory for that purpose. Great industry and energy are required of officers in charge of and employees in the Government workshops, and the necessary repairs must be executed as rapidly as possible. The work done at these shops being gratuitous on the part of the Government,

