
the citizens will see the justice and propriety of their furnishing, as far as practicable, the material necessary for the repair of their implements, and they are earnestly requested to do so.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General D. H. Cooper:

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 8, 1865.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

The following dispatch is just received from General Walker at Houston:

A very reliable agent of the secret service has just arrived from New Orleans, and brings the information from the Catholic bishop and other reliable sources that the expedition now fitting out there is for operations against Texas. It is to be commanded by Canby and to consist of 40,000 men, to sail about the 10th instant.

J. G. WALKER,

Major-General.

The country is flooded, the stream out of their banks, and the movement of troops is impossible. General Wharton, with two divisions of cavalry, has been for nearly a month under orders of march for Texas, and from the impassable condition of the roads has been unable to move. If the expedition preparing at New Orleans sails on the 10th for Texas, a concentration cannot be made in time to prevent the occupation of Houston.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 8, 1865.

Honorable p. W. GRAY,

C. S. Treasury Agent:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 2nd instant. I did not come to any determination in regard to opening the trade through our lines. I was awaiting the receipt of your letter in answer to mine on this subject. General Buckner was instructed that until I received your orders no system of trade would be adopted and no permits should be granted under that system. After receiving your letter I proceeded to Natchitoches, and after consultation with General Buckner determined not to sanction any system of trade through our lines with the enemy, and directed him to publish immediately a general order announcing that no cotton would be allowed to pass our. An exception was made to a limited amount (I think under 400 bales), which was paid by the Government for supplies received under a contract with Major Hays, chief quartermaster District of West Louisiana, approved by General Buckner, and a limited amount of cotton on the Ouachita belonging to the State of Louisiana, which was authorized to pass under the provisions of a contract made by that State for supplies. The cotton furnished under the contract of Major Stone and others, under the administration of Generals Taylor and Walker, were not to be allowed to pass our lines, but were subject to the regulations of the Treasury Department. I have been long

