
making up my mind in regard to the policy to be adopted in this matter. I have carefully considered it in all its bearings and suspended my decision until information could be collected from every quarter. In deciding I have been much embarrassed by the knowledge of our necessities on the one hand, and on the other by the effect upon the market of opening the cotton trade, and the consequent difficulties which by the fall in price of cotton might have been experienced by you in carrying out the President's regulation. This latter consideration more than any other determined me to close our lines, and I wish again to assure you that you will always find me ready to co-operate with and assist you in the discharge of your difficult duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 58. Shreveport, La., March 8, 1865.

* * * * * *

XVI. At the instance of Major General Sterling Price a Court of Inquiry is hereby appointed to meet at Washington, Ark., at 12 m. on Monday, the 3rd day of April, 1865, or as soon thereafter as practicable, to investigate the facts and circumstances connected with the recent Missouri expedition under his command. The Court will give its opinion upon the facts which may be developed.

Detail for the Court: Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton, Provisional Army, C. S. ; Brigadier General E. McNair, Provisional Army, C. S. ; Colonel P. N. Luckett, Third Texas Infantry; Major O. M. Watkins, assistant adjutant-general, judge-advocate.

Should it become necessary during the investigation for the Court to change the place of meeting it will do so, notifying department headquarters thereof. *

* * * * * *

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

H. P. PRATT,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Lodi Plantation, March 8, 1865.

Captain L. D. PRESCOTT, or

Commanding OFFICER COMPANY A, SECOND LOUISIANA CAVALRY,

Washington:

CAPTAIN: By district general orders, issued in pursuance of instructions from department headquarters, our military lines are closed against the exportation of cotton. Special Orders, Numbers 57, from these headquarters, relative to passing cotton for Marks is hereby suspended until further orders, and you will take immediate steps to prevent that or any other cotton from leaving our lines. You can inform Mr. Marks or his agent (Mr. Levin) that I have written to department headquarters for instructions whether an exception is to be made in his favor.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*For record of the Price Court of Inquiry, see Vol. XLI, Part I, p. 701.

---------------

