
and was the only possible assistance to our cause elsewhere with could be afforded with means then at my disposal. Though this movement did not realize the expectations of General Price, the objects for which it was undertaken by myself were effected. A concentration of the enemy's forces in Missouri was compelled. Fully 30,000 of his soldiers were employed there, and troops which were en route for Sherman's army were diverted from that destination and sent to operate against Price. I have been thus explicit, as your letter conveys the impression that the inactivity of my army, after the victories of last spring, disappointed your expectation. I could not have followed the movements of an army which embarked at Ne Orleans and sailed for the Atlantic, or which moved in transports up the Mississippi to a distance thereafter of operations. The Mississippi was an impassable barrier, and by the expedition into Missouri I made the only diversion in my power. The various promotions conferred upon me by yourself and the confidence which you have always reposed in my abilities have more than done me justice. I have always endeavored to merit this confidence, and I earnestly desire to promote the common welfare, and would willingly sacrifice every personal consideration to that end. I will as a soldier strive honestly and faithfully to obey all your instructions. If you doubt my ability or believe that another can better execute them, I request that he may be sent to relieve me of the responsible and onerous duties with which I am charged.

I am, most respectfully and sincerely, yours,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 11, 1865.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding, &amp;c., Houston:

Forney's division has been ordered from Natchitoches to Huntsville by shortest practicable route. No calculations can be made on his march on account of high water.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S BRIGADE,March 11, 1865.

Captain W. A. WHITAKER,

Commanding Detachment East of Teche:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to write you as follows: It is a matter of first importance that he should be furnished immediately with reliable intelligence of the movements of the enemy at New Orleans, the strength of their force, their destination, and the time fixed upon for their departure. You will therefore select, say, some two of your best and most reliable men and send them at once into the city of New Orleans to find out not vague rumors but correct accounts of the number of the enemy, their location (whether in the city or at what points outside of the city), and if possible the corps, divisions, and independent detachments; the number of each and the name of the commanders; whether any portion of the enemy's force has left New Orleans, and if so, the name of the corps, division, brigade, or detachment;

