
After finding my bird had flown I proceeded, by Walker's or the Ashby plantation, to Benjamin Richardson's and camped at 1 a. m. March 18. My rear guard did not come up with me again, but made the best of their way back to Pine Bluff, undoubtedly on double-quick time. From Richardson's I went through by Swan Lake and struck the river at Lewis'. Proceeded down the river to General Williams' and camped for the night, Vaugine playing around us at a respectful and safe distance, showing himself at certain points, I suppose more for annoyance than for any purpose of attack.

On the morning of the 19th commenced gathering up cattle. Found them generally very poor. As far as possible I avoided taking milch cows and work oxen belonging to citizens living on their own plantations. Camped on the night of the 19th at Lewis Boogs'. On 20th reached Pine Bluff with about ninety head of cattle - very poor beef, but the best to be at this season. Crossed the river on steamer Argosy, returned to camp at 5 p. m.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. DAVIS,

Captain, Thirteenth Cavalry Illinois Volunteer, Commanding Scout.

Captain GUY S. ALEXANDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Of the within ninety head of cattle at least twenty head are entirely unfit for beef.

G. W. D.

MARCH 18-30, 1865. - Expedition from Fort Gibson to Little River and Hillabee, Ind. Ten.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Captain Maxwell Phillips, Third Indian Home Guard (Kansas) Infantry.

Numbers 2. - Charles O. Davis, Chief of Scouts.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Maxwell Phillips, Third Indian Home Guard (Kansas) Infantry. FORT GIBSON, C. N., March 30, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from the commanding officer Third Brigade, Third Division, Seventh Army Corps, on the 18th day of March, 1865, I took command of a detachment consisting of four companies of the First Indian Regiment and two companies of the Third Regiment, in all 324 men, and proceeded southwest in the direction of We-wo-ka. At Deep Fork, fifty miles from Fort Gibson, I found the stream too much swollen by recent rains to be fordable. A mounted scout of the enemy was on the opposite bank when I reached it. They immediately retreated. I ordered four mounted scouts to swim over and scout the country in front, and proceeded to construct a raft to cross my command on. Three of the scouts ordered over crossed, and found that the enemy had consisted of fifteenth or twenty men, and that they had retreated and scattered. Henry Parris (scout) behaved in a cowardly manner, refusing to cross when ordered to, and did not cross till after I have crossed with a por-

