
extensive system of lakes in the frailest kind of boats, have failed to make passage for the last two days, but up to the 7th instant all was quiet within the La Fourche. The only movements of troops reported up to that date was the withdrawal from Brashear City of the Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry, Colonel Harris commanding of commandant of the post, and the relieving of the Thirty-third Illinois, which for a long period has been scattered along the New Orleans and Opelousas Railroad guarding it from Bayou Des Allamanda to the Black Crossing. The troops withdrawn were replaced by negro troops. Brashear City and the forts were on the 7th under command of Colonel Jones, commanding negro regiments. Two deserters from the Third Rhode Island Cavalry, stationed at Napoleonville, came into our lines on the 10th and report no new movement in the La Fourche. This cavalry Regiment is weak and much demoralized, over twenty of thirty deserters from it having come in to me in the last two months. Its main camps are at Napoleonville and Donaldsonville.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to Major Smith, assistant adjutant-general.)
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,March 12, 1865.

Captain W. A. WHITAKER,

Commanding Detachment:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you modify the instructions sent you from these headquarters dated yesterday, 11th instant: That you do not send any of the enlisted soldiers of your command into the city of New Orleans or within the enemy's lines to gain information of the expedition now being fitten out there unless they volunteer to go. That you may not misunderstand, I repeat, be careful not to force them to go or to order them on that duty unless they go willingly and at their instance. But you will use every effort to get persons not connected with the army to go on that mission. It is hoped that you can get some one living within the enemy's lines to given you the desired information. Lest you may not have received the instructions of yesterday, I inclose you a copy. *

Very respectfully,

D. F. BOYD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 71. Lewisville, March 12, 1865.

* * * * * *

III. By virtue of instructions from department headquarters, Major General Sterling Price is relieved from the command of the Missouri Division of Infantry. The command of this division is devolved upon Brigadier General M. M. Parsons, next officer in rank.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 1419.

---------------

