
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Numbers 10. Fort Towson, C. N., March 12, 1865.

I. Major W. B. Krumbhaar having been relieved from duty in this district, by orders from department headquarters, Captain S. Howell, of Howell's light battery, is hereby announced as chief of artillery, District of Indian Territory, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. Hereafter no public property of any description will be transferred or removed permanently from this district by any officer or soldier without first obtaining an order therefor from the district commander.

By order of Brigadier General D. H. Cooper:

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 13, 1865.

Major W. H. THOMAS, Chief of Subsistence:

MAJOR: The maintenance of our troops in the field is dependent upon the receipt of supplies from the planters in the district in which they are serving. You will instruct your officers that the supplies must be had. If necessary, they will resort to impressment, and must call upon the district commander for a sufficient force to enable them to carry out these instructions. The question is reduced to one of two alternatives: the withdrawal of the troops, or the purchase of supplies on certified accounts. The troops cannot be withdrawn, and I trust that when the facts are presented to the planters their patriotism will induce them freely to part with such supplies as they can spare for the use of the army. I have made arrangements through the Treasury Department by which I hope to obtain an adequate supply of funds, which will be disbursed in the redemption of your certified accounts, given in receipt for supplies purchased or impressed under these instructions. In every case where an impressment is made the amount of supplies allowed by law for the support of families must be exempted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 20. Shreveport, La., March 13, 1865.

I. Brigadier General Harry T. Hays has been assigned by the Secretary of War to the duty of collecting and forwarding to their commands all officers and men in this department who belong east of the Mississippi River.

II. All officers and men who have come into this department by any authority other than by special order of War Department will immediately report in person to Brigadier-General Hays at Natchitoches, La.

III. All officers and men belonging east of the Mississippi River who have been assigned to commands or duty by department, district, or subordinate commanders will at once be relieved by their immediate commander and ordered to report in person to Brigadier-General Hays, at Natchitoches, La.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

