
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 21. Shreveport, La., March 13, 1865.

A depot for the manufacture of clothing, camp and garrison equipage is hereby established at Falcon, Ark., under the charge of Captain W. N. Peay, assistant quartermaster, who will report to and receive his instructions from Major W. H. Haynes, chief of clothing bureau, Trans-Mississippi Department.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Lodi Plantation, March 13, 1865.

Captain A. O. P. PICKENS,

Commanding Outpost, &amp;c.:

CAPTAIN: No person, whether courier officer or courier, in fact no person whatsoever, will be permitted by you or your pickets to cross the Atchafalaya River without your authorization, given in accordance with your instructions, except at the point at Lyon's Ferry where the courier communicates with Captain Ratliff, and at this point only the courier will be permitted to pass. Until further orders no boat or skiff on the Atchafalaya will be left under the control of Lieutenant Leonard. His couriers are not intended to cross the Atchafalaya, and when communications from Lieutenant Collins come you will send them at once yourself without delay. If the courier-line on the west side of the Atchafalaya need boats or skiffs you will furnish them, but keep under your own guard alone. Notify Lieutenant Leonard that you will furnish him with such boats as he may need for courier duty, and if he or any other person undertakes to use or take boats without your approval, arrest them unhesitatingly and send them, with statements, to my headquarters. You and you alone command the picket front on the Atchafalaya and you are held responsible to close and keep our lines, and particularly to break up the cotton trade. You will investigate every attempt, whether successful or not, to pass cotton; and it is strange to me that you cannot break t up. If cotton passes over illegally at Pointe Coupee, pursue and burn it, impressing the teams and arresting every one concerned in it. If you do not break up this cotton trade with the means at your command, I will regretfully be forced to the conclusion that you are not vigilant and energetic. Cotton order, Numbers 30, from district headquarters, has been sent you and under no circumstances will you allow a bale to pass your pickets except on permits countersigned at these headquarters. You state you have left a skiff with Lieutenant Leonard. You will withdraw that skiff. If Mrs. Boone or any other person having a right and the means will keep a ferry, let them do it under your orders, always having a guard over the ferry. Increase, if necessary, your pickets along the Atchafalaya so as to insure the closing of your liens against persons and trade. Lieutenant Leonard, his couriers, and every person along your lines are subject to your orders in all that relates to your picket-lines and such rules as you establish, and you will energetically enforce your authority.

I am, captain, yours, &c.,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

