
men and material from the opposite one and the center, Galveston, while forces from the interior may be hurried to our assistance. Of course, Houston can be turned, but if we are strong there and can delay the enemy's advance we may beat him before we are obliged to abandon it. In my humble opinion the line from the mouth of the Brazos to Sabine Pass is more dangerous to us than any other from Brownsville to Memphis. If I am correct in my judgment, we should have our interior line ready, and be prepared to meet the enemy on his debouch from the coast, and I earnestly recommend that those points above referred to may be fortified, and that we direct our attention to preparing for the removal of the men and material from Galveston at the shortest possible notice, and to this end I would recommend the construction of fifty skiffs, about twenty-one feet long, four feet beam, with a view as a dernier resort to facilitate the removal of the garrison to the mainland. With no intention to intrude my views upon you, I give them in accordance with my duty for your consideration.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. DOUGLAS,

Chief of Bureau.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 15, 1865.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to instruct you to proceed with De Morse's and Wells' regiments of cavalry to the headquarters of Major-General Forney, who is now moving with his division on the route to Houston via Logansport. You will turn over to Major-General Forney these two regiments and proceed to Hempstead and report to Major-General Wharton for orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Lodi Plantation, March 15, 1865.

Lieutenant A. HEBERT,

Company I, Second Louisiana:

LIEUTENANT: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you inform him minutely and without delay whether you know of any cotton being run out to the enemy from the section of the Atchfalaya where you were lately on duty; and if so, when and where, the parties by whom owned, to whom sold, and such others as may have been aiding and abetting in this unlawful trade and passage of cotton through our lines; whether you knew, had reason to suspect, or heard from any source entitled to respect that any officer or soldier of the C. S. Army was directly or indirectly engaged in such trade or passage of cotton, or knew or suspected the same without reporting it or taking proper steps to prevent it. If so, you will furnish their names and the time and place of their misdemeanor. You will also state what you may know or have heard of a man named Foote, said to be engaged in running cotton through our lines to the enemy. You may also report the names of other persons who you may know or suspect to be engaged in

