
this unlawful trade, and the several points where you know, suspect, or have heard that cotton is improperly crossed over the Atchafalaya. You are required, lieutenant, to furnish at once a full, clear, and positive answer to each and all of the questions above propounded.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

D. F. BOYD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C., Numbers 75. Houston, Tex., March 16, 1865.

* * * * * * *

III. Brigadier General James E. Harrison will proceed to Huntsville, Nacogdoches, or wherever the brigade lately known as "King's brigade" may be found; will take command of said brigade and move it without delay to Houston. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation to General Harrison to Nacogdoches.

* * * * * *

W. N. SMITH,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, March 16, 1865.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith the official reports* of the expedition into Missouri, under the command of Major General Sterling Price. Upon the termination of the campaign in this department in May last, I at once set about preparing for an offensive movement into Missouri with all my available force. While engaged in these preparations orders were received directing the crossing of the Mississippi River by the infantry of my command. This changed my whole plan of operations. The only diversion in my power by which our armies elsewhere could be aided was a cavalry expedition into Missouri. General Price was ordered into Missouri with all the cavalry of the District of Arkansas. Every facility was given him in fitting out his expedition. He crossed the Arkansas with some 4,000 effective men, well supplied with an efficient artillery train, and with ample material for his army. Immediately after the battle of Jenkins' Ferry, and preparatory to the prosecution of the campaign in Arkansas and Missouri, general Shelby, with 1,200 picked men from his command, was ordered into Northeast Arkansas. He was directed to break up the railroad communication between Little Rock and White River, and was instructed to collect and organize the absentees and conscript element scattered through that country. This duty was thoroughly and efficiently performed by General Shelby. The railroad to Devall's Bluff was broken up and the supplies at Little Rock thereby so reduced that could we have moved in force with our infantry north of the Arkansas that position, and all probability, would have been evacuated without a blow being struck in its defense. General Shelby succeeded in collecting and organizing into three brigades a force of some 8,000 men, commanded by Colonels McCray, Dobbin, and Shanks. By a

---------------

*See Vol. XLI, Part I.

---------------

