
series of rapid and successful moves the enemy's detachments were defeated, his own command in part armed and equipped, and the control of the White River country secured. Every effort made to collect and render available the element organized by General Shelby had hitherto proved fruitless. These men, many of whom were deserters, were poor and with large families, had lost nearly everything by the ravages of the enemy, and could not be made to abandon their homes in an unprotected and exposed position and join the commands east of the Mississippi or south of the Arkansas River. The best disposition by which their services could be made available was to employ them in Missouri. General Shelby was directed to hold his entire command in readiness to accompany General Price. The junction of the two columns as made before crossing the Missouri frontier, and General Price received an addition of at least 8,000 men to his command, of which 4,000 were armed and equipped. General Taylor was placed in command of the troops which were to cross the Mississippi, and was directed to conduct the movement in person. All the means in the department were put at his disposal to insure success (see correspondence relative to crossing troops forwarded to the War Department August 28, 1864*). General Taylor reported the crossing impracticable and recommended their employment elsewhere. On the 25th of August orders were issued at department headquarters for the concentration of the infantry in Arkansas, and General Magruder, commanding that district, was directed to push preparations for the attack of the Federal forces at Pine Bluff and Little Rock, and the reoccupation of the Arkansas Valley. The lateness of the season and heavy rains prevented any result from the last movement other than a temporary diversion in favor of the Missouri expedition.

The movement of General Price accomplished all the objects for which it was inaugurated by me. A concentration of the enemy's forces in Missouri was compelled; of his soldiers were employed there, and troops en route for Sherman's army were diverted from that destination and sent to operate in that State. A large number of recruits were obtained, and but for the losses incident to the retreat the results of the expedition would have been most brilliant.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

SHREVEPORT, LA., March 16, 1865.

Honorable R. W. JOHNSON,

C. S. Senate:

MY DEAR SIR: I have prepared the papers for Major Burton, and ordered Captain Lewis to accompany him for the successful accomplishment of his instructions. The inclosed letters clearly demonstrate the importance of sending funds in large amount immediately to the relief of this department. I have sent Colonel Stockton and Major Howard on a similar mission with that of Major Burton and Captain Lewis; they are both trusty officers with the energy and experience requisite to insure success. I hope the Trans-Mississippi delegation will insist upon the funds being furnished and these officers being intrusted with its transportation across the river. The Treasury messengers do not keep us supplied, and, if either this or some other efficient method for our relief is not resorted do, I cannot be held responsible

---------------

*Vol. XLI, Part I, p. 88.

---------------

