
tion of my Infantry. I crossed my command over Deep Fork partly on a raft, partly on driftwood, and partly by swimming, and continuing in a southwesterly direction, crossed North Fork, which I found quiet low, and arrived at We-wo-ka, eighty-five miles southwest of Fort Gibson, on the 24th instant. From We-wo-ka I sent scouts to Little River Town, twenty-five miles southwest, and to Hillabee, twenty miles east, and to Canadian River, twenty miles southeast. The scouts returned and reported no enemy, but the evidence that parties had been into both Little River and Hillabee about a week previous, and that they had driven large herds of cattle in a southwesterly direction. The scouts from Little River reported that the iron bridge across Little River was broke down, and that the greater portion of the wrought-iron rods and bars were taken away. Finding no enemy, I returned and reached Fort Gibson on the 30th instant. I found considerable quantities of cattle on the route, especially between Deep Fork and North Fork. There are no citizens now living in that part of the country. I was unable to find any grain. The mounted scouts under Mr. Davis were altogether unacquainted with that country. With the parties sent to Little River and Hillabee I mounted Indians on transportation mules for guides. My transportation consisted of fifteen pack-mules. I find pack-mules considerably superior to wagons for a command without artillery marching through that country, as they can pass over mountain roads and narrow passes impassable for wagons, and travel faster,

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. PHILLIPS,

Captain, Third Indian Regiment, Commanding Detachment.

Commanding OFFICER 3rd Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 7TH ARMY CORPS.

Numbers 2. Report of Charles O Davis, Chief of Scouts.

FORT GIBSON, C. N., March 31, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report to you:

On the 19th instant I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Dole, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division Seventh Army Corps, to take six men and report to Captain Phillips in command of a detachment of troops that went southwest as far as We-wo-ka. I started with J. H. Greene, John McDonald, Jos. Pugh, and Jeff, Davis, citizen scouts; Charles Hicks and Henry Parris, detailed soldiers. On the 20th I overtook Captain Phillips' command about twenty-five miles west from this point. I reported to the Captain and he ordered me to proceed to the Council Ground and drive some beef-cattle to that point for the command, which I did. We there rested a short time until the command moved up. The Captain then ordered me to take my men and go south as far as Hillabee, on the South Canadian. He also sent an Indian pilot with me. I camped that night within three miles of the command. On the 21st I attempted to cross the Deep Fork of the North Fork of the Canadian, but found it impossible, it being very high. I turned up the said stream and met the command at the ford. I reported to the Captain. He said he was glad that we did not cross. He sent one of my en back to Fort Gibson that night. We made a raft of logs tied together with ropes, but failed in crossing. The next morn-

