
(1) Brigadier-General Churchill (won his promotion), commanding division Arkansas infantry of four brigades.

(2) Brigadier-General Parsons, commanding division Missouri infantry of two brigades, largely increased by dismounted cavalry and recruits from Missouri.

(3) Major-General Forney, commanding division of Texas infantry of four brigades.

(4) Brigadier-General Thomas (an efficient division commander, and much needed for Polignac's division), commanding division of Louisiana infantry of three brigades (lately increased by four regiments of dismounted cavalry).

(5) Brigadier-General Maxey (won his promotion), commanding division of Texas infantry of three brigades, organized from King's brigade and eight regiments of dismounted Texas cavalry.

(6) Brigadier-General Hawes, commanding division of Texas infantry of two brigades.

Major-General Fagan's corps or division.

(1) Brigadier-General Shelby, commanding division Missouri cavalry of two brigades.

(2) Brigadier-General Clark, commanding division Arkansas and Missouri cavalry of three brigades.

Major-General Wharton's corps or division.

(3) Brigadier-General Steele, commanding division Texas cavalry of two brigades.

(4) Brigadier-General Bee, commanding division of Texas cavalry of two brigades.

(5) Brigadier-General Cooper, commanding division of Indians of two brigades.

(6) Colonel Bagby (won his promotion), should be a major-general, commanding division of Texas and Louisiana cavalry of two brigades. Brigadier-General Slaughter, commanding one brigade of Texas cavalry (unattached) in District of Texas.

Brigadier-General Churchill and Maxey should be promoted. I have asked that Liddell or Hays be promoted and assigned to command Louisiana division of infantry. Colonels Bagby, Debray, Gano, Brent, and W. H. Brooks, having cavalry commands, should be promoted. Colonels Waterhouse, King, and Jones, commanding brigades of Texas infantry, should be promoted. Brigadier-Generals Rust and Sibley are without commands and not on duty.

Urge the promotion of Dr. S. A. Smith to the grade of brigadier-general, that I may make him chief of staff (provided the President contemplates keeping me in command of this department).

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Lodi, March 16, 1865.

Major J. P. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that at the mouth of Red River and on the Atchafalaya River everything up to yesterday morning was quiet. There were ten gun-boats lying at or near Ackland's, on the

