
Richmond. I returned yesterday from Marshall, when I found your letter of 9th. Have to go back to Marshall to day to proceed on my return trip by Linden, and may not get back to Lewisville before Burton starts for the east. I saw Governor R. only for a few minutes, and in company.

Very truly, your friend,

E. C. CABELL.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 17, 1865.

Honorable r. W. JOHNSON,

Senator:

(Through Major Burton, quartermaster, Shreveport, La.)

Allotment of appropriations made by the War Department, Richmond, for the military service in the Trans-Mississippi Department to 31st December, 1864: Total amount, $87,488,567; amount drawn on requisitions for military purposes do date in Confederate Treasury notes, say, $20,739,660; balance, $57,748,907.

JOHN G. MEEM, JR.,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Lodi Plantation, March 17, 1865.

Major J. P. SMITH:

MAJOR: There is nothing of interest to report from the mouth of Red River and along the Atchafalaya. All was quiet there at sunrise yesterday, 16th. The water rose three inches in the previous twenty-four hours, and some portions of the Mississippi River front in Pointe Coupee Parish were under water. Up to 6 p. m. Wednesday, 15th instant, all was quiet at Berwick Bay and along the Teche. Sergeant Smith, one of my scouts in the La Fourche country, reports that the corps of General A. J. Smith and Steele left Kennerville for Mobile about 5th instant, but that there is still a force in New Orleans which is to follow them. He has sent a party living within the enemy's lines to New Orleans, and he expects full and valuable information as soon a he can return. No re-enforcements have been sent to Berwick Bay, but a dispatch was reported as received at Brashear City on the 13th instant, stating that Colonel Harris' Regiment (white), Eleventh Wisconsin, would probably be sent back to the bay. It is reported that the enemy is fitting out an expedition in launches in Bayou Boeuf, some ten miles east of Berwick Bay, supposed to be intended for Grand Lake and the bayous east of the Teche. A large quantity of oars was brought up from New Orleans to that point on the 14th instant. A scout from Thibodeaux reports that the Third Rhode Island Cavalry [sic], by the Second Louisiana Mounted Infantry. Four hundred additional negro troops had arrived at Thibodeaux. I send you inclosed New Orleans Times, 14th instant, obtained from the La Fourche. Red River had risen two inches in twenty-four hours up to 6 a. m. yesterday, 16th instant, at Fort De Russy and mouth of Choctaw Bayou, about forty miles below Alexandria.

Yours, respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Captain J. G. Clarke.)

