HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S BRIGADE,Lodi, March 17, 1865.

Captain J. C. MURPHY,

Commanding Advance Post, Lower Teche:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to call your attention to the expedition which you report as fitting out on Bayou Boeuf and believe to be designed for the lakes and bayous east and north of you. Keep a sharp lookout lest it is also designed to fall upon your rear and cut you off. You had better keep Captain Whitaker informed as nearly as possible of the movements of the enemy in Bayou Boeuf, and of any changes which they may make in their programme. The newspaper (New Orleans Times) of 12th instant, which you are informed had been taken from the package en route to this place, was stolen or lost between Cheneyville and this point.

Very respectfully,

D. F. BOYD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 18, 1865.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The copy of Brigadier-General Hays' letter of October 19, 1864, with inclosures, forwarded from the War Department December 2, is received. When General Hays reported to me, under orders from the Adjutant-General to collect all absentees from commands east of the Mississippi, I directed every assistance to be given him, and believed that I was carrying out the instructions of the War Department when General Orders, Numbers 72, department headquarters, September 14, 1864, were published. This order affected all who came into this department subsequent to the fall of Vicksburg, an event which took place soon after I assumed command here. Previous to that time it was believed that but few absentees had crossed the Mississippi, and a specific date was named int he general order to prevent confusion and misunderstanding respecting the men who escaped captured at Arkansas post and those who remained in the department when General Hindman's troops crossed the river. The latter, by instructions from the War Department to General Holmes, were allowed to remain as part of his command, and formed so large a proportion of the effective force of the Arkansas troops that their removal would have been equivalent to breaking up some of the best organizations in that district. The former were collected and organized soon after the fall of the post. In some cases nearly entire companies and regiments had escaped capture. No order had ever been published transferring them from the department. They were regularly on duty here when the exchange of their comrades was effected at City Point and information had been received that the Arkansas Post prisoners had left Richmond under orders to return to this department. Colonel Logan, Eleventh Arkansas Cavalry, reported for duty at these headquarters under orders from the War Department, and was instructed to report to the commander of the District of Arkansas, and was by him directed to collect the absentees of his Regiment. Colonel Griffith, commanding the Seventeenth Arkansas Cavalry, subsequently reported here, with instructions to collect the absentees from his Regiment. every aid was given him to effect this object, and he received authority by special order to recruit for the

