HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 18, 1865.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that the following officers or agents have been recently sent into this department by Colonel W. Richardson Hunt and Major T. H. Price, for the purpose of obtaining supplies of lead, viz, Major J. B. Pleasants, Captain Nance, Lieutenant R. H. Dickey. The fact of these officers following each other closely, together witht he instructions which have been furnished them, evidences a great solicitude in obtaining a supply of lead east of the Mississippi River. I am satisfied that lead can be obtained directly from Mexico if proper energy is displayed and proper orders are issued from the War Department. It never will be by the overland route and across the Mississippi. The streams are now out of their banks, the bottoms are submerged, and the country is impassable for trains of wagons. The deficiency of transportation here is great and there is no money to make purchases with. Impressments cannot be resorted to under the law without the money to pay for them, and the people refuse to submit to it. The lead will have to be transported a distance of nearly a thousand miles from the Rio Grande tot he Mississippi, and should it ever reach the banks of that river its successful crossing is very problematical. Capture would most probably be the result of the attempt. The ordnance department finds great difficulty in supplying the wants of our army owing to the distance it has to be transported and the want of funds for payment. The little that we have on hand, if successfully crossed would afford no relief. Lead can be obtained in any amount in Mexico. The present Government will not oppose obstacles in its exportation. I would therefore suggest that either or both of the following courses be pursued: First. That the Honorable p. W. Gray, agent of the Treasury Department, be directed to obtain control of one or more of the mines in Mexico; that schooners be freighted for ports or points on the coast of Florida or elsewhere, as might be judged best by the War Department, shipments to be made in chartered vessels, cotton deposited as indemnity to owners of vessels in case of loss, with high freights or charters offered and premiums for successful runs. Second. That means (cotton or corn) be placed in the hands of Major-General Huger, chief of ordnance bureau Trans-Mississippi Department, with instructions to make purchases in Mexico, to have the lead run to the coast of Florida; or that he be authorized to contract with parties for delivery of lead at desired ports or points and empowered to offer such high rates as well make the matter a success, he in that case to have sole control of means of payment and management of the business. Responsible parties will contract here with General Huger, if he is furnished with adequate means of payment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Lodi Plantation, March 18, 1865.

JAMES L. LOBDELL,

Quartermaster's Agent:

SIR: Captain H. B. Stevens, assistant adjutant and inspector general on the staff of Brigadier-General Thomas, officially reports that you

