
passed your lines and eight more were detected and prevented passing by the courier officer, and up to the present time you have been unable, apparently, to detect any guilty parties. Whenever cotton is moved to exposed positions with the intention of being passed through your lines without permission it will be destroyed. I am looking for your report on this cotton smuggling with much interest.

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Numbers 74. Fort Towson, C. N., March 18, 1865.

I. Quartermasters at the posts and depots within this district are hereby directed to issue to the indigent farmers, who cannot otherwise procure it, seed corn at the rate of one bushel for each ten acres intended to be planted in that crop, when presented with a certificate of principal or district chief, setting forth that the applicant cannot otherwise procure the same.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier General D. H. Cooper:

T. M. SCOTT,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, FRONT LINES,

Lodi, March 19, 1865.

Colonel I. F. HARRISON,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: The inclosed copy* of a telegraphic communication to department headquarters is sent you for your information and government. To ascertain whether the enemy intend advancing on Monroe, you will immediately send out scouting parties on the threatened roads until you open communication with our nearest cavalry in the direction of Camden, from whom information can be obtained and forwarded to you of the progress of the raid. The roads leading down the Bayou Bartholomew should be observed. If Major Buckner should be where you can consult him you will advise with him relative to what orders should be issued, so as to hold McNeill's Regiment ready to cross to the west side of the Ouachita without delay when necessary, and if he should not be present you will, by my orders, detach enough troops from the Regiment to make the reconnaissance ordered, and will issue the proper orders to hold the Regiment in such a position that it can be crossed without delay as soon as you may be satisfied that the enemy's raid is threatening Monroe. You will inform Major Buckner of any order you may give to this Regiment. The rest of your command will e held so as to be under your hands, to be disposed of as future developments may direct. This will be borne in mind by you,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

