
that if the enemy advance toward Monroe you may reasonably expect that co-operating forces and gun-boats will move up the Black and Ouachita Rivers. The present stage of the roads and streams renders it doubtful whether the enemy will undertake to push the forces spoken of in the inclosed telegram as far as Monroe, but prudence dictates that the instructions contained herein should be carried out. If the enemy should advance as far as Monroe a small party of cavalry will be kept between him and the Shreveport roads, and any advance in that direction will be promptly communicated to department headquarters at Shreveport and district headquarters at Natchitoches. You will acknowledge the receipt of this communication immediately and promptly forward all the information you may obtain.

Very respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,Shreveport, March 19, 1865.

Colonel DAVIE,

Minden, La.:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General McNair, commanding division, directs that you, assuming command of your own, Shaver's, and Gaither's regiments, march at once with your command to this point or wherever the division may be. Upon your arrival the regiments under your command will rejoin their respective brigades.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. JOHNSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Lodi Plantation, March 19, 1865.

Colonel L. A. BRINGIER,

Commanding Seventh Louisiana Cavalry:

COLONEL: Captain Murphy reports that some days ago indications were manifested of the intention of the enemy to fit out a number of small boats in the Boeuf. If this be so, it is probable that some operations might be directed against Captain Murphy's detachment. If such should be the case, you will assume command of all the companies of your Regiment and conduct their military operations. The expedition sent by the enemy in the manner indicated could not be very formidable, and it is highly probable that he id ignorant of the vicinity of your Regiment; and hence while meditating a surprise might be surprised himself. Until it is determined that some degree of permanency is attached to the position of your Regiment, I do not deem it advisable to change the relations of the advanced most with these headquarters. A copy of this communication will be sent to Captain Murphy, who will be directed to inform you immediately of any indication threatening an attack from the enemy on him.

Yours, respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

