
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 23. Shreveport, La., March 20, 1865.

So much of General Orders, Numbers 11, current series, as assigns Major D. N. Speer, inspector of field transportation, to the charge of that department in the District of West Louisiana is hereby revoked. Major George Tucker, inspector of field transportation, is charged with the operations of his department in the District of West Louisiana. He will establish his office at Shreveport, La., and report to and receive his instructions from Major C. D. Hill, chief inspector Trans-Mississippi Department.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INDEPENDENCE, TEX., March 20, 1865.

Major General S. PRICE:

DEAR SIR: Since my interview with you in Washington I have determined to remain here until my exchange or release from parole was duly announced, and until I could ascertain through my friends what position I am destined to fill on reaching the army. Your kind promise to find me employment I remember with gratitude, and I would prefer serving with you to any man in the Confederacy. General Churchill has offered to use his influence to get me the position of paymaster in his division, and requests me to accept it. I am doubtful of his power to get the appointment; indeed, there are already so many unemployed officers that I imagine the chances of a new appointment poor or doubtful. Failing to get a desirable position, I would attach myself to the Reserves under General Robertson. Now, general, I am anxious to return to the army, and at the same time find myself under the necessity of economizing and must, if I can manage to avoid a long and expensive trip, and would with that view prefer remaining here until my position is decided and not go to the army or Shreveport to remain there an indefinite time unemployed. I am under obligations to you for many kind wishes and hope you will lay me under additional ones by letting me hear from you and giving me your advice in this emergency. I am looking anxiously for the result of the court of inquiry you demanded, and have no doubt of your triumph and that your enemies will be confounded, &amp;c. I met your son to-day. Your family are well, as he is getting well of the dog bite. I see no material change in affairs in this part of the country since you left. Those in authority seem to anticipate an early invasion and that the Rio Grande will probably be the theater. It is to be hoped not, since the supplies for this country all come from that quarter and trade appears brisk. I imagine the Government officials might procure a full supply of clothing for the army from that quarter. General Robertson appears very active in preparing the Reserves for duty in the event of an invasion.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. McCREERY.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 21, 1865.

His Excellency P. MURRAH,

Governor of Texas:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to inclose to Your Excellency a letter from the Secretary of War, with the report of the Indian agent, in

