
ing the Captain ordered me to send four of my men with their horses across the river. They agreed for one of the Indians to take their horses dangerous. They agreed for one of the Indians to take their horses and across. The Captain tried, but could not get any man to attempt in crossing. He then gave peremptory orders that the river had to be crossed. My men made several desperate efforts to cross, but failed. Again they tried two ponies, loose and clear of incumbrance. They succeeded in getting them across. I then hired a negro to take another horse across, which he did. The Captain then dashed precipitately into the river and with the support of a puncheon he crossed. Jos. Pugh followed and overtook him before he crossed; J. H. Greene and Jeff. Davis crossed also; Jos. Pugh recrossed. Greene and Davis went with the Captain out some five or six miles south and returned the same night. On the same evening Mit-ka-hut-ka, chief of the Creek Indians, constructed a raft made of logs tied together with ropes. The next morning we swam our horses, including pack-mules, &amp;c. We then crossed ourselves and transportation on the raft. The Captain then ordered me to take three of my men and proceed to the North Fork of the Canadian. I did so and camped three miles from the command in front. On the 24th I reported to Captain Phillips. He ordered me to take my men and proceed to We-wo-ka and there await the arrival of the command, which I did. The next morning the Captain ordered me to take two of my men, with an Indian guide, and proceed to Little River Town and report to him the same night. He also ordered me to send three of my men, with a negro guide, to Hillabee and report to him the same night, which they did. On the 26th he told me that I had to drive a herd of cattle to Fort Gibson, and that I might get them where I thought best. I told him that I would camp that night eight miles west of the Council Ground, on Grove Creek. He promised to send a lieutenant, with twelve or thirteen men, to assist me in driving cattle. If he sent them they never reported to me. The next night I camped on a tributary of Cane Creek. On the following morning one of my men was unable for duty and another one had a broken-down horse. I took three men and gathered about 110 head of average beef-cattle and started with them. In the evening two of Captain Phillips' teamsters left the command about two miles and came to me, and drove in about thirty head of cattle to my herd that was near by on the prairie. I soon met the Captain with about seventy head of cattle. We lotted them all the night at the McIntosh place. The Captain said that we would camp the command about one miles and a half from there, but would next morning send back his mounted men to assist me in driving the cattle to the Arkansas River, which he failed to do. I waited until about 9 o'clock before I started. I then the cattle and drove them around a prairie divide in order to avoid brush thickets. I interested the main Texas road, it only being about half a mile down to Rabbit Ford, our usual place of crossing with cattle. On arriving there I found the river not fordable. We herded the cattle and rested our horses. I then drove the herd to the Nevins pen, on the bank of the river, without the loss of one. I there tried to lot them. They stampeded on sight of quite a number of Indians on foot, and scattered all over the bottom. I succeeded in collecting and turning them, and they then stampeded and scattered the second time. I pursued them and brought the most of them back the third time. By this time the Indians were crowding every path and corner where they thought they might chance to get a beef. They commenced firing; the cattle then scattered in every direction. I then gave them up as lost. The Captain came up

