
reference to the friendly disposition of certain Indian tribes who have heretofore been hostile to us. You will not fail to see at once the great importance to the Confederate States, and more especially to the State of Texas, of keeping these savage tribes, if possible, in friendly alliance with ourselves and in hostility to our enemies. To attain his most desirable end, and to carry out the instructions of the President, I have adopted the suggestion of Major Vore, and have concluded to meet the Indian chiefs early in May, if possible, at Council Grove. Brigadier-General Cooper, commanding Indian Territory, strongly recommended to me the selection of Brigadier General J. W. Throckmorton as one of the commissioner to represent the Confederate States in this matter, and feeling that no more efficient or prudent man could be selected, I have taken the liberty of inclosing him an appointment as such commissioner. The great distance to be traveled and the near approach of the time for the assembly of the chiefs made it highly important that the election should be made at once. I was thus prevented by necessity from conferring with you on this subject so important to your State. I trust the short time allowed me for action will be a sufficient excuse of my failure to do so. I also hope that you will fully agree with me as to the propriety of Brigadier-General Throckmorton being present at this meeting and allow him to go upon this mission. I am not certain as to the precise locality of Council Grove. Should it be the point of that name in Kansas, near and south of Fort Riley, General Throckmorton will not be expected to attend. Some other more convenient point for meeting the wild prairie Indians will, however, no doubt be agreed upon, at which his presence will be necessary.

I am, governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 24. Shreveport, La., March 21, 1865.

All persons acting as drill masters who have not received appointments from the War Department will immediately rejoin their respective commands, their acting appointments having been revoked. Those not selected from military organizations will be immediately enrolled and assigned to commands by the enrolling officer of the district in which they may now be serving.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, FRONT LINES,Lodi, March 21, 1865.

Captain J. G. CLARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I respectfully request to be informed if it is expected that I am to issue any order to the cavalry on the Black and Ouachita Rivers relative to the prevention of the cotton trade, or whether it is the desire that this matter should be controlled by Major Buckner, chief of staff, District of West Louisiana, now in Northern Louisiana. Having taken command of the cavalry on the front lines but a few

