
the Sixteenth (A. J. Smith's) is in Louisiana. The Fourth Corps (Wood's), consisting also of three divisions, I believe to be in Tennessee, from the fact that I have never heard of its arrival at New Orleans. The last I heard of it was still in Tennessee. The last of the four corps was Steedman's, which was a provisional corps only, consisting of cavalry, negro troops, and some detached brigades. The removal of either of these last two named corps would have reduced the Federal forces in Tennessee and North Georgia so much that I think it hardly probable to have been done. This, then, would give Canby Smith's corps and Steele's troops, including some cavalry from Memphis, in addition tot he troops of the Department of the Gulf, the principal body of which is under Granger. I would infer from these facts that Canby cannot in the last six weeks have been re-enforced over 20,000 troops. These are merely my inferences, derived from such limited data as I possess. Of course, the secret service must be in possession of a detailed statement of the troops at New Orleans, which will either confirm or overthrow these theories of mine. I have, nevertheless, considered it my duty to express these ideas to you.

Yours, truly,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMDEN, March 22, 1865.

Major General STERLING PRICE:

GENERAL: Yours of the 20th has been received. I should like very much to see you and, as you wish, have a full and free conversation. There are many things about which we should talk, on some of which I would wish your advice. I thank you most sincerely for the flattering confidence you have manifested in my friendship and ability by proposing to trust the defense of your well-earned reputation as a general in my hands, although I am satisfied you can select much abler counsel. But, general, from the orders I received last night I am satisfied we are on the eve of an active campaign. For many reasons I would not wish to be out of it. It would produce dissatisfaction among many officers and soldiers of the division if the command of it, by the absence of you and myself, should devolve on another. Officers to whom I have shown your letter have so expressed themselves to me. I hope, therefore, you will excuse me.

Wishing you a successful and complete vindication from all that may be charged or insinuated against you, I remain your friend, truly,

M. M. PARSONS.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 22, 1865.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding District of Texas:

The probability of enemy operating in Texas calls for concentration to oppose him. Forney is en route, is your senior, and would necessarily claim command. I have ordered Magruder to Texas. On being relieved make your selection between commanding District of Arkansas or a division of infantry. Answer.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

