HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,Shreveport, March 22, 1865.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I would respectfully ask that a steamer be ordered to Minden immediately to transport the sick and baggage of Shaver's and Davie's regiments to this point. Owing to the condition of the roads, it is impossible at present to transport them by land, and the teams of these three regiments were so jaded and worn out from constant use in the District of Arkansas that it was impossible to do otherwise than store them. Your earliest attention is solicited to the above.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. McNAIR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 68. Richmond, March 23, 1865.

* * * * * *

XXXVII. Harrison's, McNeill's, and Capers' regiments, Louisiana Cavalry (Third, Fourth, and Fifth), are constituted a brigade to the command of which Brigadier General Henry Gray is hereby assigned. He will report to General E. K. Smith, commanding Trans-Mississippi Department, for that purpose.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,

Lodi Plantation, March 23, 1865.

Captain J. G. CLARKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Forces Front Lines:

CAPTAIN: Colonel Harrison reports to me that "there are now in the Ouachita River the following Federal steamers (under flag of truce), viz, Chuck, Zephyr, Rob Roy, and Music; " that they are under the orders and control of Major J. A. Buckner, chief of staff, District of West Louisiana, who is acting under orders from lieutenant-general commanding. There is a guard of six or eight men under a lieutenant on each boat, who receive their orders from Major Buckner, who also grants all permits for the purpose of going on board of them. This furnishes you with all the information in my power, and unless otherwise instructed by you I shall not deem it my duty to give any instructions relative to the enforcement of district General Orders, Numbers 30, in North Louisiana, as doubtless Major Buckner, chief of staff, has instructions on this subject.

Yours, respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General.

