
our troops in the vicinity of Camden. On the 22nd one steamer loaded with infantry passed up and two with cavalry passed down the Mississippi. Scouts still continue to bring reports that the main body of Federal troops have left New Orleans. Captain Murphy and Lieutenant Collins both forwarded papers of the 21st from New Orleans. The crevasses reported heretofore about twenty two miles below Alexandria have greatly enlarged themselves. There are five in all and I fear the road on the south bank will be lost to us. In view of this fact I have given orders to keep up our communications with Fort De Russy and below by crossing to the north bank of Red River, at Madame David's.

Very respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Same to Captain J. G. Clarke, assistant adjutant-general.)
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Lodi Plantation, March 24, 1865.

Lieutenant C. A. MOUTON,

Aide-de-Camp, Vermillionville:

LIEUTENANT: You are directed by the brigadier-general commanding to acquaint yourself as thoroughly as possible with the number of hands left on the plantations in La Fayette and Vermillion Parishes, and to report to him at as early day as practicable the names of the planters who are making their hands do faithful work, and also of those who are not. You will impress on the planters in his name the necessity of their planting as much corn as possible for the support of the citizens and such detachments of our army as may be necessary for the protection of this country. You will ask all planters not to plant more cotton than is required to pay their State and Confederate taxes, and you must be very careful to report those who plant an excessive amount of cotton. Give the people to understand that they must work their negroes to the fullest extent in cultivating corn. Their failure to do so will be regarded as an evidence of indifference and disloyalty to our cause. We are all well here and send our love.

Very respectfully,

D. F. BOYD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Lodi Plantation, March 24, 1865.

Captain L. D. PRESCOTT,

Commanding Outposts, &amp;c.:

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to inquire of you whether the planters of Saint Landry are taking step to use their available means of planting as recommended by him through you. He directs that you look closely to this matter. Report at your earliest convenience such planters as have negroes left and not making them useful in putting in crops for the necessary support of our people, and on the other hand reporting such as are planting more cotton than is sufficient to enable them to pay their State and Confederate taxes. You are expected to consider it as a part of your duty to see the

