
planters of Saint Landry and impress upon them the necessity of raising as much corn as possible for the support of our army and citizens. As to giving you authority to give sick men leaves of absence, it is impossible under the law. But you are bound to take the best care possible of your sick, and if you have not suitable hospital arrangements of or caring for them properly, they must not suffer; and under those circumstances, using your own discretion, you may, if you see fit, allow sick men to go home for a few days, keeping your eye well on them and counting them present sick, but you must take great care that such indulgence is not abused, and remember that you are as much responsible for the conduct of such men as if they were in your camp.

Very respectfully,

D. F. BOYD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 25. Shreveport, La., March 25, 1865.

All post and depot commissaries will report to and receive instructions from the chief purchasing commissary of the purchasing district in which they are located.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CHURCHILL'S DIVISION,Shreveport, March 26, 1865.

Colonel J. C. WRIGHT,

Commanding Detachment of Dismounted Cavalry:

COLONEL: Brigadier General E. McNair, commanding, directs that you continue your march with the dismounted cavalry under your command until you arrive at the east bank of Red River, where you will remain until the morning following your arrival, when boats will be in readiness to cross your command. Brigadier-General McNair desires to know if Cook's entire battalion has been dismounted or whether the men under your command are detached bodies of the troops from the different commands of Cabell's brigade.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. JOHNSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 26. Shreveport, La., March 27, 1865.

Pursuant to instructions from the War Department, Brigadier General F. T. Nicholls, Provisional Army, C. S., will relieve Brigadier General E. Greer, Provisional Army, C. S., of the duties of superintendent of the bureau of conscription in the Trans-Mississippi Department. The general commanding takes this occasion to express his high appreciation of the services of Brigadier-General Greer in the discharge of the onerous duties of this bureau, which, from a state of utter disorganization and

