
confusion, has under his administration been thoroughly and completely systematized, as also his regard for the firmness, justness, and impartiality that has characterized his official conduct.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 73. Shreveport, La., March 27, 1865.

* * * * * *

IX. Brigadier General E. Greer will relieve Brigadier General J. B. Robertson of the command of the Reserve Corps in the State of the Texas. On being relieved Brigadier-General Robertson will report to Major-General Magruder, commanding District of Texas, &amp;c., for assignment to the command of one of the brigades in the division of Brigadier-General Maxey.

* * * * * *

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

P. B. LEEDS,Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, FRONT LINES,

Lodi, March 27, 1865.

Colonel I. F. HARRISON,

Commanding, &c.:

COLONEL: I respectfully request you to take the most suitable means to procure and forward to me information concerning the strength of the Federal forces at Vidalia, Natchez, or any other point in front of you, the name of the commanding officer, brigade, and division composing the forces, specifying, when practicable, the number of the Regiment. By frequent and careful examination of persons coming from the Federal lines, statements of deserters and newspapers, and a careful record of all date received by you, in a little while the information desired will begin to develop itself The importance of knowing the description and style of the regiments, brigades, and divisions is apparent from the fact that in this way we can identify the transfer of troops. The command of the Mississippi by the enemy necessitates on our part as particular observations of the garrisons and forces at Vicksburg and Natchez as if these points were on the west bank of the river. Proper instructions embodying these views will be forwarded to the outpost officers and scouts, who will be able by intelligence and energy to furnish you with many particulars, and such other means will be adopted by you as your discretion may select.

Very respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Numbers 12. Fort Towson, C. N., March 27, 1865.

I. All officers, non-commissioned officers, and soldiers, or persons serving with or attached to the army in this district are strictly prohibited from committing any depredations or outrages upon the persons

