
III. Commanders of conscripts and of camps of instruction will be under the direction of the generals of Reserves.

IV. As soon as practicable, all officers and men now employed in the enrolling service, whether as enrolling officers, conscript guards, clerks, or otherwise, except such as are retired or assigned to light duty by the medical boards, will be relieved by details from the Reserve forces and sent to the field.

V. All applications for exemption and detail will be transmitted to the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription for decision. The office of Congressional district enrolling officer is abolished, and reports and returns of the commandants of conscripts will be made to the Bureau of Conscription, and a copy of each will also be furnished to the generals of Reserves. An officer may be assigned to duty in each Congressional district by the generals of Reserves as inspector of conscription.

VI. The troops raised under the act of Congress, approved February 17, 1864, styled "Reserves," constitute a peculiar force, auxiliary to but in a measure distinct from the more permanent army, and are exclusively under the orders of the general officers assigned to their command in the several States, subject to the following modifications:

When a commander of active forces requires the Reserves as re-enforcements, application will be made to the Secretary of War or directly to the general commanding the Reserves; and when Reserve are assigned, in pursuance of such application, to a district, department, or army commander, they become, during the period of such assignment, subject to his control, to the extent that he alone will direct their military movements, determine all applications for furlough, and be responsible for their being furnished with the necessary supplies, equipments, &amp;c. ; but questions appertaining to their permanent organization into companies, battalions, and regiments, the grant of discharges, details, &c., will at all times be determined by the general commanding Reserves.

When Reserves are assigned to the active forces by the War Department, its order will be necessary for their recall; but when transferred by the general commanding Reserves, he may recall them at his discretion, the orders therefor being transmitted through the commander of the district, department, or army in which such Reserves may be serving; but if their detention be deemed by him indispensable, he shall immediately submit the question to this office for decision of the War Department, in the meantime retaining the Reserves affected by such orders. During the assignment of Reserves with the active forces the commanding officer will have punctually transmitted to the general commanding Reserves a monthly return of such Reserve troops, similar to that required by paragraph 445, Army Regulations, to be made to the Adjutant and Inspector General. Whenever Reserves are serving with active forces, no discrimination in the issue of rations and supplies of camp equipage between the two classes of troops will be permitted.

VII. Generals commanding Reserves in the several States will without delay select and send officers, one to each Congressional district, empowered to summons and after inspection forward to the camps of instruction all persons holding certificates of permanent disability, and such persons assigned to light duty as in his judgment appear likely to be adjudged qualified for active service. All such as may upon examination be pronounced by select medical boards so qualified will be assigned to duty in the field.

