
The inspectors of conscription may be charged with this additional duty in the absence of other suitable officers.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY FORCES, FRONT LINES,Lodi Plantation, March 28, 1865.

Major J. P. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report all quiet on the front lines of this district. According to the latest intelligence Red River was rising slowly at its mouth, about one inch in twenty-four hours on yesterday, 27th instant, at 8 a. m., and was falling about the same rate at David's Ferry. Two steamers passed Saint Joseph on 21st instant, going down the river, loaded with troops (infantry, it is supposed); another passed down on same day, loaded with calvary. A communication of 17th instant received this morning from Captain W. B. Barrow, east of the Atchafalaya, states that Captain Morvant, of Crescent Regiment, and Lieutenant Ed. White, of Captain Barrow's company, were captured by a Federal raiding party from Morganza on the 12th instant. Captain Barrow and Captain Carmouche pursued the enemy, killing 2 and wounding 8 men, besides the colonel commanding; the names of the colonel and command are not stated, but they are supposed to be a detachment of Fourteenth New York Cavalry. I inclose New Orleans papers of 25th instant and Saint Louis Democrat of 18th instant.

Very respectfully,

J. L. BRENT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Captain J. G. Clarke, assistant adjutant-general.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 28. Shreveport, La., March 29, 1865.

I. The enrollment of conscripts will be made by the commandants of conscripts, under the direction of generals of Reserves in the several States. Applications for exemptions will be transmitted through the commandants of conscripts and generals of Reserves to the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription for his action. All persons between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years found fit for field service will be assigned to commands in the field, under the direction of the generals of Reserves of the several States. Those found unfit for field service but fit of staff duty between those ages will be sent to camps of instruction to be detailed in the staff departments, under the direction of the superintendent of the Bureau of Conscription. Those unfit for duty, either in the field or staff departments, will receive certificates of exemption from the Medical Congressional Examining Board. Al details from the Reserves will be made by the generals of Reserves in the several States, under the direction of the department commander.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

