
and cautious in the performance of this duty. They must not suppose the power to seize all property of the kind mentioned that may be found laden on any vessel to believe that it was laden for exportation or there are circumstances indicative of a purpose to export it contrary to the terms of the act of Congress. This Department, in Order Numbers 43, of 1864, has explained this act, and also in letters to the generals commanding departments, to which reference is now made. The Department has been informed that many arbitrary and causeless seizures of property in transit have been made; that the owners of the articles have been exposed to rapacity and imposition, and have been deprived of their property by officers and agents of the Government; that vexatious requisitions, not warranted by law, have been made; that delays and difficulties have been interposed in the delivery of licenses, and that exactions not warranted by the law or regulations have occurred in the administration of the department. The provisions of the laws and the regulations constitute the only restraints that can be imposed upon the trade with Mexico. The military authorities in the Trans-Mississippi Department have no other control of it than such as is warranted by the laws and regulations. The commanding general is enjoined to cause an inspection to be made into the military agencies and instrumentalities that have been established under this act and regulations, to ascertain whether any abuses exist or acts of injustice have been done; to hold all officers or agents to a strict accountability for any violations of the law or orders, and to promote a fair and equal administration of them. In order that the people of Texas may not be exposed to the vexatious interference of military or other authorities with their cotton and other merchandise mentioned in the act of Congress, and that they may have the full benefit of the provisions of the law upon their compliance with the regulations of the President, the commanding general of the Trans-Mississippi Department is required to designate posts or depots on or near the San Antonio River, to which the articles mentioned may be conveyed preparatory to their export to Mexico. He will prohibit all officers from molesting in any form or under any pretext any property of the kind mentioned in the country east of that river, or in trasitu to the posts or depots designated, or while at those posts. The Department will regard all or any interferences by the military authorities in contravention of this order as a grave offense, and upon a proper report will cause the offender to be brought to trial.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JOHN WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 76. Shreveport, La., March 30, 1865.

* * * *

XIV. Major General J. H. Forney with his division will report to Major General J. B. Magruder, commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.

* * * *

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

P. B. LEEDS,Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

