HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 30, 1865.

Lieutenant-General BUCKER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of the 27th instant, the commanding general directs me to say that Major-General Magruder has been assigned to the command of the District of Texas. General Forney has been ordered to report to him, and while serving in that district is temporarily transferred from your command. The division of Arkansas infantry has arrived at this place and General Churchill is directed to report to you. He has been informed that his division will be moved to Marshall, where it will still remain under your command. If the enemy's movements will permit, the commanding general proposes retaining Churchill there until the works projected at that point are completed. The Missouri Division of Infantry has been ordered to this point. On its arrival General Parsons as commanding officer will be subject to your orders.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. THOMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 30, 1865.

Lieutenant General S. B. BUCKNER,

Commanding District of West Louisiana, Natchitoches:

GENERAL: Your confidential communication of the 28th instant is received. I leave the matter referred to entirely to your decision. If it can be carried successfully into execution, the proposal should undoubtedly be accepted. The cost of importation of 3,000 stand of arms would alone amount to at lest $60,000. I will assist and sustain you in any measures you may take for securing the cotton for payment. To guard against bad faith I would suggest that the payment should not be made until the object is secured.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 30, 1865.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas:

GENERAL: The inclosed communication from Colonel H. T. Douglas, chief of Engineer Bureau, Trans-Mississippi Department, is transmitted for your consideration. * His recommendation of the construction of an interior line of fortifications, extending from the Brazos to the Trinity, meets my approval. You will immediately take measures for commencing the works, the details to be carried out after consultation with Colonel Douglas, who leaves in a few days for your headquarters. The difficulty of obtaining negro labor seems almost insuperable. To secure it you may have to resort to extraordinary measures. In the meantime the troops will have to be employed in the construction

---------------

*See Douglas to Smith, March 15, p. 1425.

---------------

