
of the works. The line of march from Houston and Liberty to Red River is as short as from Hempstead, and you are authorized to move Forney's division to those points, for the purpose of employing it in the construction of those works. I have been compelled to resort to the same measures and have employed the Missouri and Arkansas troops on the fortifications at Marshall and on Red River.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 30. Shreveport, La., March 31, 1865.

Major General J. B. Magruder is relieved from duty in the District of Arkansas, and will relieve Major General J. G. Walker from the command of the District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS BRENT'S CAVALRY BRIGADE,Lodi, March 31, 1865.

Colonel L. A. BRINGIER,

Commanding Seventh Louisiana Cavalry:

COLONEL: Upon yesterday Captain Whitaker was to have crossed the lakes for a raid into the La Fourche. Information has been received that the enemy have a large number of boats and launches in Bayou Black, in rear of Brashear City, capable of carrying 200 or 300 men. If this e correct, upon the crossing of Captain Whitaker, the enemy may adopt two courses: One to follow him and attempt his capture in the Bayou Pigeon, or to throw themselves on Murphy, and occupying the Teche country from New Iberia down, await Whitaker's return. To guard against these contingencies as far as possible, I desire you to proceed to the Teche and assume command of the front. You will move the main body of your Regiment either to the Teche or to some point where you can easily counteract any attack of the enemy. I will not undertake to designate that point, leaving it to your discretion, with the remark that while it is probable that the enemy may prefer to land in the vicinity of Charleston, it is not certain that he would do so, as, for many reasons, he might endeavor to strike farther to the rear of Murphy. It would be well to conceal your movement as far as possible. Captain Whitaker is informed of the danger that he is exposed to, and may find himself forced to abandon his boats and take to the swamps. He expresses no fear of being entrapped. It would then be well to have a boat ready at the Bayou Portage or Fausse Pointe to cross at once and communicate with him when necessary. Captain Murphy had better be retained in the command of his detachment, so that he may continue to perform the valuable scouting and secret service he is rendering to these headquarters, but in active operations you will act according to your discretion. The reports and intelligence from the advanced post will be forwarded without delay. As soon as Whitaker returns and you are satisfs no probability of a raid of the enemy, you can withdraw with your Regiment to your camp, leaving always a good reserve in the vicinity of New Iberia. Captains Murphy and Whitaker both have written relative to the fine opportunity

