
ran our horses down and were compelled to give up the chase. We rested our horses and moved out to a suitable to camp. On the 22nd I scouted the country south of Wellington, and became satisfied that the guerrillas had gone into the Snibar Hills, and owing to the jaded condition of our horses I thought it altogether impracticable to follow them, and consequently I came in one day sooner than I was ordered. Arriving in Lexington late in the evening of the 19th from a hard march, that being the day you were ordered to start me on this scout, and meeting with the guerrillas at the point I did, rendered it impracticable for me to make the connection with the troops from Warrensburg as instructed by you. I would earnestly recommend the banishment of the Widow Demastus, with her family, the Widow Wilhite included. She makes that her home. She lives half a mile west of the Columbus road, four miles north of Chatam Ewing's, near Mr. Powell's, who lives on the Columbus road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL SHUMATE,

Second Lieutenant Company I, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Captain WILLIAM MEREDITH,

Commanding Post.

MARCH 21-23, 1865. - Scout from Pine Bluff to Monticello, Ark.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Colonel James M. True, Sixty-second Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 2. - Captain John H. Norris, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel James M. True, Sixty-Second Illinois Infantry. PINE BLUFF, ARK., March 25, 1865.

I have the honor to report that I sent out a scout of 110 men from the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, under Captain Norris, on last Tuesday evening, with instructions to go as far as Monticello, for the purpose of breaking up some constripting and bushwhacking parties that were in that section of country. They returned on Thursday evening, having gone to that place, and report killing 2 of the enemy and bringing in 12 prisoners, destroying 19 musketoons, 7 Richmond muskets, 4 Enfield rifles, 11 double-barrel shotguns, 17 rifles, 15 pounds of powder, and quite a quantity of fixed ammunition, some buckshot and rifle-balls; also a small rebel mail, though nothing of importance. They also brought in 11 horses and 6 mules captured from the enemy. One man missing from the scout while on patrol, supposed to be captured.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

JAMES M. TRUE,

Colonel Sixty-second Illinois Veteran Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, little Rock, Ark.

