
Numbers 2. Report of Captain John H. Norris, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry. HDQRS. COMPANY M, THIRTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,

Pine Bluff, Ark., March 24, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of a scout under my command:

In obedience to orders, I left this post with 112 men and two officers at 4 p. m. Monday [Tuesday], 21st instant, and marched through Cornersville, by way of upper Monticello road; thence on the direct toad to within nine miles of Monticello. There I made a detour to the right and came into Monticello on the warren road, arriving there at 6. 30 a. m. Tuesday [Wednesday], 22nd instant. Having my column previously divided into three divisions, instantly upon arriving in sight I sent one division, under Lieutenant Kennedy, guided by Mr. Boater, around town to the right, another, under Lieutenant Orton, guided by Mr. Milton, to the left, ordering them to leave two or more pickets at each suitable place to guard the town, which was done in a very few minutes. With remainder of the men I entered the town. There were but few Confederate soldiers there morning, and but few shots were fired. Though they had been expecting a scout there for a week, and kept the Pine Bluff roads guarded or picketed, and the soldiers generally go out of town of a night, yet they were completely surprised and ran in all directions, and unfortunately some few made their escape. There is a band of men down there called the "Old Man's Company," composed of men exempt from conscription. Their chief duty is to return deserters, enforce the conscript laws, and furnish, in any manner they can, military information for the enemy. Some of them who had not left town I brought in. Immediately upon entering the town I proceeded to search the houses for the enemy, sealed papers, arms, or ammunition. This search was conducted by the two lieutenants and resulted in the finding of 19 musketoons and yagers, 6 Richmond muskets, 3 Enfield rifles, 9 double-barrel shotguns, 7 rifles, 2 cans of powder, and a large quantity of fixed ammunition, lead, buckshot, and rifle-balls; also a small rebel mail, which is herewith sent to post headquarters. Having accomplish all I could in Monticello, and being credibly informed that a battalion of Magruger's cavalry were expected there hourly since Sunday, I was afraid it might be transcending my orders to go on to Long View. I therefore concluded to return, and on my way back to search for Captain Owen and Captain Kidd, who I learned were operating through the country toward Bayou Bartholomey. I moved out, about 10 a. m., through neighborhood roads to the residence of Lieutenant Carpenter, rebel army, ten miles. Halted, fed, got breakfast, and rested until 3 p. m. As I was just beginning to prepared to move on, I was attacked by fifty or sixty of Shelby's men, under Captain Patterson. They did not come very near, however, until our carbines convinced them of the impropriety and impracticability of such a rash act, and after rallying once and making a very feeble attempt to flank me to the left, they ran off promiscuously to the woods. I then moved slowly and cautiously to Mr. Helm's, about six miles from Bayou Bartholomew, and eighteen miles below Busby's Bridge; camped there for the night. Moved at sunrise yesterday morning, 23rd instant, on the neighborhood roads coming into the lower Monticello at Willison's, twenty miles from this post, and from there directly back to camp, arriving about 6 p. m. yesterday, having marched 140 miles, killing 2 and capturing 11 of the

