
The arrival of the train after dark was mistaken by the enemy for a battery from Clarksville, and no doubt had something to do with their withdrawal before daylight on the morning of the 18th instant. In addition to the shells already mentioned, the Jacobs received two solid shots through her pilot house, one back of the ladies' cabin, and several through her hold. The Lotus received two through her pilot house. Early on the morning of the 18th instant, a re-enforcement of 350 men and two howitzers arrived from Colonel William R. Judson's command at Clarksville, and the steamer Ad. Hines, having failed to receive my dispatch, also arrived. The dispatch, however, was received by General Thayer. From the released crew of the Chippewa I learned that the enemy was 1,500 strong, with from two to four pieces of artillery, whereupon I sent the steamers Ad. Hines and Lotus back to Fort Smith, with a request to General Thayer that he would sent the colored brigade, with which, in addition to our own forces, I proposed to cross the river and rout the enemy before attempting to move the boats down, on the receipt of which he promptly started the brigade down the south side of the river, under command of Colonel Williams, Seventy-ninth U. S. Colored [Infantry], on the morning of the 19th instant, and the brigade arrived opposite us on the afternoon of the 20th. On the morning of the 21st Colonel Williams moved his command down the river to Patterson's Bluff, and on the afternoon of the same day the steamers Hines and Lotus arrived from Fort Smith, upon which we embarked, and proceeded down to Spadra or Clarksville Landing, leaving the steamer Annie Jacobs with her bow on dry land, having failed in all our efforts to get her afloat, notwithstanding the continued exertions of Captain Gear, assisted by a detail of all the soldiers he could use during the whole time we remained. A guard was left with the Jacobs of 200 men and one howitzer of Colonel Judson's command, with orders to have the machinery repaired and everything put in order for moving, which I was informed by the engineer could be done in a very few days. On the 22nd Colonel Williams moved farther down the river, and we moved with the boats to Dardanelle without receiving a shot from the enemy. At Dardanelle we learned from Colonel Ryan, Third Arkansas Cavalry, that there was no enemy between that place and this. We therefore left Dardanelle at daylight on the morning of the 23rd and arrived here on the morning of the 24th without further trouble. I recommend an investigation of the facts in relation to the surrender of the steamer Chippewa, as I failed to ascertain any good reason why she could not have been saved, and I am told she was surrendered before a shot struck her. About the time the fire of the enemy was turned from the Jacobs to the Lotus the baggage of the passengers of the former was ransacked and a great deal of money and other property stolen. The matter is being investigated, under direction of Colonel Judson, by Lieutenant-Colonel Waugh, provost-marshal at Clarksville. I cannot in justice close this report without mentioning the gallant conduct throughout of Colonel Charles W. Adams, of the Twelfth Regiment Kansas Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel Own A. Bassett, Second Regiment Kansas Volunteers, commanding, both of whom gave me their full and faithful co-operation in all my efforts to save the boats, and displayed in an eminent degree the qualifications of coolness and courage so essential to success.

The same can be justly said of every subordinate officer present, and I regret that I have not their names. Prominent among the latter was Captain C. O. Judson, Sixth Kansas Cavalry, who was not deterred from doing his duty by either danger or fatigue. A more faithful and gallant officer does not wear a sword in the department. Lieutenant J. S. Lane,

