
enemy; capturing 19 musketoons and yagers, 7 Richmond muskets, 4 Enfield rifles, 11 double-barrel shotguns, 17 rifles, 15 pounds powder, a quantity of fixed ammunition (mostly for musketoons and shotguns); also a small quantity of lead, nuskshot, and rifle-balls, and a small rebel mail, also 11 horses and 6 mules. I ordered the arms broken and ammunition destroyed, for want of transportation. The horses and mules are turned over to the regimental quartermaster Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry; the prisoners to the provost-marshal. One of the prisoners, named John B. Manion, voluntarily surrendered himself, and desired to be taken to pine Bluff under guard. He can and is willing to give much valuable information, and to conduct a party where valuable prisoners and papers may be captured, and being violently opposed to being exchanged or serving with the rebel army any more, I greatly desire that he may be examined by the general and released from confinement. One of my men ventured too far when patrolling (I suppose) at Monticello and I fear was captured, for the could not be found when I assembled the men to leave. His name is Benjamin F. Hancock, private, Company I. No other casualty. Mr. Milton proved valuable as a guide, having a good knowledge of the country and all the neighborhood roads. Mr. James W. Boatner, the other guide. He certainly deserves great credit for his energy, sagacity, skill, and prudence; and from his almost perfect knowledge of the country and people (knowing every family and every pathway), his services are really invaluable as a guide.

Hoping I may be allowed the privilege of further efforts, I am, Captain, your obedient servant,

J. H. NORRIS,

Captain, Commanding Scout.

Captain GUY S. ALEXANDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-general, Pine Bluff, Ark.

MARCH 22-23, 1865. - Operations about Stephenson's Mill, Mo.

Report of Captain Walter D. Gubbard, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF SALEM,Salem, Mo., March 24, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the stockade or fort built at Stephenson's Mill, sixteen miles southwest of this post, on Current River, was burned on the 22nd instant, by three bushwhackers, who, after making general threats of death and destruction against any person should report them, and ordering the miller to have a quantity of meal ground report them, and ordering the miller to have a quantity of meal ground for 250 rebels by 12 o'clock yesterday, proceeded westward from the mill and have not since been heard of. I received this report on the night of the 22nd, and started Lieutenant Thorton with twenty men early yesterday morning to make a scout to the mill, and thence some distance down Current River, with a view of asserting where these bushwhackers came from and whether any bands may be expected in from that direction. I have not heard from the lieutenant, and a, satisfied that there were but three bushwhackers in that section. There have been no troops stationed at the mill for about three weeks past, as I understand. Captain Jones, commanding one of

