
the citizen guard companies of this county in a neighborhood south-west of this post, reports that a scouting party sent out by him has just returned and report things quiet and no sign of bushwhackers in his section. Inclosed find John P. Graham's communication reporting the burning of the stockade or fort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Captain, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry Vols., Commanding Post.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

MARCH 15 [22], 1865.

Captain W. D. HUBBARD,

Commanding Post, Salem, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: There were three bushwhackers came to N. Stephenson's Mill at 12 o'clock and burned the fort and gave orders to have meal enough for 250 men by to-morrow at just 12 o'clock. One of the men we knew. We know they are bushwhackers, and when they left they went west. There is a chance for murder behind. I told them I wold report, and they said if I did they would kill me. This report is true.

Yours,

JOHN P. GRAHAM.

MARCH 23-24, 1865. -Scout from Donaldsonville to Bayou Goula, La.

Report of Captain James E. Macklin, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry.
HDQRS. COMPANY K, 16th INDIANA MOUNTED INFTY.,Donaldsonville, La., March 24, 1865.

In obedience to verbal orders from Colonel Fiske, received on the evening of the 23rd instant, I proceed with Company K, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, to Bayou Goula, at which place I arrived at midnight. In searching the town I found two rebel soldiers concealed in the houses. After placing a guard over the captured rebels I proceed to Madam Randolph's plantation, situated about seven miles from the river. I arrived there at daybreak and surrounded the mills and other houses. Captain Brown and two of his men were there, but escaped, having been warned of my approach by some means. I captured on this plantation Captain Brown's and one other horse, and two carbines, abandoned by the enemy in the hurry of their flight. After searching the place I started on my return and arrived here about 4 o'clock this evening.

In submitting this report I subscribe myself, your obedient servant,

J. E. MACKLIN,

Captain Company K, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry.

Lieutenant L. R. HALL,

Post Adjutant.

MARCH 24, 1865. -Scout from Bayou Boeuf to Bayous Chemise, La.

Report of Lieutenant Numa A. Pomponeau, First Louisiana Cavalry.

BAYOU BOEUF, LA., March 25, 1865.

In pursuance to orders received from you, I have the honor to report that yesterday morning I started from camp with six men for the pur-

