
prisoners, three of the prisoners running toward me and one in the direction of Rolla, who has not been heard from since. Two of my men were wounded and taken to Rolla. Their names are George Hoffman and John C. Odle.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN Y. BALDWIN,

Sergeant, Company E, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

Major J. B. KAISER,

Commanding, Waynesville, Mo.

MARCH 25-27, 1865. -Expedition from Brashear City to Indian Bend, La.

Report of Colonel Simon Jones, Ninety-third U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Brashear, La., March 27, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the general commanding, the following report of an expedition undertaken in accordance with orders from these headquarters of date March 25, 1865, for the purpose of destroying or capturing a barge said to have been used by the enemy for the purpose of transporting a number of horses over Grand Lake and into their lines:

This expedition consisted of a detachment of thirty men from the Ninety-third Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, under command of Lieutenant W. H. Johns, of that regiment. The troops embarked on gun-bat Numbers 43 at 7 p. m. on the 25th instant, and immediately proceed by way of Grand Lake to Indian Bend, arriving at that point by daylight of the 27th. At 7 a. m. the Infantry disembarked and marching one-quarter of a mile to a small Bayou, discovered and seized the barge, which was taken alongside the gun-boat, and by her brought safely to this post, to which the expedition returned at 2. 30 p. m. on the 27th. I have the assurance of the lieutenant in command that no injury was done to any personal property by the expedition. None of the enemy were encountered and no new information obtained. No harm was sustained by any member of the expedition.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON JONES,

Colonel Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding Post.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourche District.

MARCH 25-28, 1865. -Expedition from Brashear City to near Oyster Bayou, La.

Report of Colonel Simon Jones, Ninety-third U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Brashear City, La., March 29, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of an expedition, undertaken in accordance with orders from these headquart-

