
ters, for the purpose of taking possession of a large oyster-boat which lay stranded on the beach at a point six miles west of Oyester Bayou, on the Gulf coast:

The expedition consisted of detachment of forty men of the Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry, under command of Lieutenant W. Y. Crosthwait, of the same regiment. It embarked on the steamer Cornie at 7 p. m. of the 25th instant, and proceeding down the Atchafalaya River reached the point of destination without incident worthy of notice. Here, after three hours' hard labor the boat was gotten in tow, it having lain at a distance of 105 yards from the water's edge. The object of the expedition having been accomplished, it returned to this post, bringing the boat aforementioned, and arriving at 12 m. of the 28th. No signs of the enemy were seen and no information obtained of his forces or intentions. No casualties occurred to any member of the expedition.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON JONES,

Colonel Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding Post.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of La Fourche, Thibodeaux, La.

MARCH 26-29, 1865. -Expedition from Bonnet Carre to Amite River, La.

Report of Major Edward Byrne, Eighteenth New York Cavalry.

MILITARY STATION, GAINNIE'S LANDING,

Bonnet Carre, La., March 31, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions received by telegraphed from General Sherman, I started in pursuit of the party of rebels that captured Captain Darling the provost-marshal of this parish. The Captain was captured about the hour of 10 o'clock on the night of the 25th of March, 1865, and no information reached this post until about 2 o'clock the next morning. I then started a party in pursuit, under Lieutenant De Croy, who, on reaching the house of the Captain, was told by Mrs. Darling that the rebels had taken the Captain across the river. I then sent another party, under Lieutenant Darker, across the river in skiffs, who returned the same afternoon, having searched the country for fifteen miles around, and who discovered that the Captain had been taken in a boat through the swamps in the direction of Lake Maurepas. Before the party returned the order of General Sherman was received by telegraph, ordering farther pursuit. I then started with forty men, at 11 o'clock on the night of the 26th, and reached College Point at 10 o'clock the next morning. Heard that a few guerrillas had been there on the Friday previous, but had left by the Blind River for the Amite River, but heard from some negroes that they might be caught at the Orange Grove road, leading to the Bayou Conway and New River. This road is three miles from Donaldsonville, and was reached at 10 o'clock. A party sent to scour the swamps in that direction could not move on the road, owing to the great quantity of water in the swamps. I then started for Donaldsonville, intending to strike the Amite River by way of Doyal's plantation. Reached Donaldsonville at 8 o'clock, and there met Lieutenant Brown, of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry, who had just returned from the pursuit, having learned that the rebels had crossed the Amite River at a place called Gun Pommet, over thirty

