
miles from Donaldsonville. He also learned from a scout that another small party had crossed the Amite River by way of Bayou Timite. Both parties had crossed on the morning of the 26th, and that further pursuit was useless, as they had gone in the directiA scout named Frelding, residing at Donaldsonville, heard that Doyal's and Botic's guerrillas were at the French Settlement on the 24th of March conscripting and collecting deserters from the rebel army. I telegraphed to General Sherman from Donaldsonville, asking if I should cross the Amite River, and did not receive any answer, but sent a dispatch to the commander of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry stating that farther pursuit was too late, and that my command should not cross the Amite River. I then returned, reached in Bonnet Carre at 6 o'clock on the evening of the 29th. Mrs. Darling stated so positively that the Captain had been taken across the river, I think some of the party must be captured, but the search on the west side of the river occupied the time that should have been given to quick pursuit, and the guerrillas gained ten hours' start. Several citizens have been arrested and identified as being with the guerrillas on the night they captured the Captain, and it is supposed their idea was to avoid the draft by capturing the provost-marshal and his papers. The guerrillas were under the command of Captain Bringier, or Botic. His headquarters are at Clinton, and Captain Doyal and he are conscripting for the rebel army. I have hard that both these captains belong to the regular army of the Confederacy. They were joined by a party of citizens, and the plot must have been covered with great secrecy and care. The telegraph wire was torn down between New Orleans and this post, and must have been done by these citizens concerned in this plot. The total distance marched was about ninety-four miles, and on my return I pressed some plantation wagons to carry my men, who were very much fatigued by the first day's march.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD BYRNE,

Major, Eighteenth [New York] Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant P. J. MALONEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Southern Division of Louisiana.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHERN DIVISION OF LOUISIANA,April 4, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

The prisoners sent down by Colonel Byrne will be duly examined, though with not much prospect of getting at the threads of the plot in carrying off Captain Darling. The energy this cavalry regiment has displayed on foot is highly creditable.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MARCH 28-30, 1865. -Expedition from Fort Pike, La., to Bay Saint Louis, Miss.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alfred G. Hall, Seventy-fourth U. S. Colored Troops.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Pike, La., March 31, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with your telegram of March 27, 1865, received March 28, I started for Bay Saint

