
Louis on the sloop Rosetta immediately, but was obliged to put back into The Rigolets and wait until the next day, March 29. Starting again, I reached the bay at 11 p. m. on Thursday, and found that Captain Monet, of Forrest's cavalry, left the bay on Wednesday morning. He was at home on leave of absence, and on no official business, although he watched our transports closely. I brought from Bay Saint Louis two deserters from the rebel army. If the boat could have reached the bay the first time starting they would have taken this Captain Monet, but the wind was so high it was impossible to sail to the bay in any boat now at this post.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED G. HALL,

Lieutenant Colonel Seventy-fourth U. S. Colored Infantry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant P. J. MALONEY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Southern District of Louisiana.

MARCH 29-APRIL 2, 1865. -Scout from Waynesville, Mo.

Report of Major James M. Turley, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry.

WAYNESVILLE, MO., April 2, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from the colonel commanding District of Rolla, I submit the following as a report of a scout under my command:

I left Rolla, Mo., on the 29th of March, 1865, with sixty men, and marched fifteen miles; camped at Jackson's Mills. Owing to a freshet the march was not resumed until the 31st of March. I then scouted the hills and hollows of the country thoroughly, but nothing was seen, killed, or captured. Camped at Coppage's Mill, on Spring Creek. April 1, I moved to Big Piney, found it impassable, and marched over the hills to Wayman's Mill and went into camp. The roads were almost impassable, on account of quicksand. April 2, I moved for Waynesville, swam Big Piney, and arrived here at 2 p. m., having seen nothing but quicksand and water on my way. Captain Murphy returned from a scout in the neighborhood of Houston. States there have been several bushwhackers in that section during the past two weeks. I relieved Captain Maus, of the Fifth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and am now in command of the post. There was a bushwhacker shot to-day near town by some of Captain Murphy's recruits. His name I did not learn. Nothing further of importance has occurred to-day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES M. TURELY,

Major, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Post, Waynesville, Mo.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Rolla, Rolla, Mo.

