
MARCH 30-APRIL 2, 1865. -Expedition from Baton Rouge to Clinton and the Comite River, La.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Colonel John G. Fonda, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry (mounted), commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Logan, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry (mounted).

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John G. Fonda, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry (mounted), commanding Cavalry Brigade. HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Baton Rouge, La., April 3, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

In compliance with orders, I left Baton Rouge at 9 a. m. March 30 with 300 men of the First Texas Cavalry and Sixth Missouri Cavalry, and moved in the direction of Port Hudson, at which place I arrived at 4 p. m. the same day, and went into camp about one mile and a half from the fort near the Jackson road. I started from Baton Rouge with one day's rations and drew at Port Hudson sufficient for one day and a half; being unable to draw rations in time at Baton Rouge I drew at Port Hudson. On the afternoon of March 31 I moved in the direction of Jackson, La., but by an obscure road, falling into the main road seven miles from Jackson. From this point I pushed on and reached Jackson about 5 p. m. No notice of my coming had reached the town. Two prisoners and two horses were captured. At sundown I left the town by the Clinton road. After following the main road some distance I left it, and in order to conceal my movements moved by an obscure way, falling into the main road again near Clinton. My advance entered Clinton at 11 o'clock. It was a complete surprise. We captured all the men on picket, seven in number. I remained in Clinton about one hour, and made as thorough a search for prisoners as I deemed prudent. My men were becoming scattered, and I feared that should I remain longer it would be difficult to get them together again. One squadron did get separated from the column and returned to Baton Rouge. I left Clinton by the Greensburg road and camped three miles from the town. Some time after my pickets were posted a negro attempted to pass through the line and was shot. At daylight I allowed my men to unsaddle, feed, and groom their horses, and cook their breakfasts. While at this place a Major Clark was captured by the picketsat was with him fired at and wounded the man on post. I left this camp soon after sunrise and returned to Clinton. Passing through the town I took the Baton Rouge road, but afterward left it and fell into the Greenville Springs road, and arrived at Roberts' Ford, on the Comite, at 7 p. m. April 1. Sunday morning, April 2, I crossed by command by swimming the horses and passing the equipments over in a small boat and arrived at Baton Ruge at noon. The results of the expedition are the capture of 11 prisoners, 3 of whom are officers, and about 20 animals. No force was encountered, and from the best information obtained the rebel force under Powers and Griffith has fallen back to Washington, where they have three guns and the stock captured from General Bailey. I think there is no good reason why this rebel force should be allowed to hold a position so near

