
us. During my absence Lieutenant-Colonel Logan was left in command of the cavalry, with orders to move out on the different roads and attract attention from my columns. For the result of his movements I respectfully call attention to a copy of his report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. FONDA,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major DES ANGES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Logan, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry (mounted). HEADQUARTERS 118TH ILLINOIS MOUNTED INFANTRY, Baton Rouge, La., April 3, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the verbal instructions of the colonel commanding the Cavalry Brigade, I left camp at 12 m. on the 30th ultimo with fifty-four men of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, under Lieutenant Slicer, and eighty-one men of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, commanded by Captains Brown and Robinson, and proceeded on the Greenville Springs road to Comite River: I then turned down Comite River, and near the crossing of the Benton's Ferry road I captured a Confederate soldier by the name of Lively. At the same time I captured a boy fifteen or sixteen years old, dressed in the Confederate uniform. He claimed to be a citizen, and from his youthful appearance I thought he was not a soldier negroes with goods and inquired of them where they bought them. They answered, of Doctor Laycock. In a short time I met an old lady and a boy with some goods, and they reported that they had bought their goods of Doctor Laycock also. I soon met two men in a light spring wagon with sugar, coffee, and slat. They said they had purchased theirs or Doctor Laycock. These men said they were from Saint Helena Parish. I ordered Corporal Price, of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, and six men to bring these men and goods to Baton Rouge and turn them over to the provost-marshal and to stop on the way and arrest Doctor Laycock and bring him also. Doctor Laycock resisted arrest and fired, seriously wounding James E. Morrison, Company C, One hundred and eighteen Illinois Mounted Infantry. Doctor Laycock was arrested, in execution of my order, and brought to town the next morning. I proceeded to the Clay Cut road, where I camped till morning. At 7 a. m. I started from camp. Sent Captain Robinson with his company by the Highland road to Baton Rouge, and Lieutenant Slicer, Sixth Missouri, by the Greenville Springs and Clinton roads. I went with Captain Brown's company on the Duff's Ferry road. I had traveled but a mile or two when the advance brought me the boy that I had released the day before. It appeared that he had followed my command eight or ten miles and was watching my movements. I ordered him brought to camp as a prisoner. Near the Amite River I captured a Confederate soldier, and besides the horse I captured with him I captured a gray horse, under the following circumstances: Two Confederate soldiers had slept in the woods about forty rods from the road, and were taking

