
breakfast at the house of Mrs. Simms, where I surprised and captured one of them. The gray horse was in the woods, where these men had slept, and from his looks I was confident he was a cavalry horse. It was reported that he had once been owned by the soldier I had captured, and traded to Mrs. ---, and had been used in the army by young Simms, a Confederate soldier. Captain Robinson captured a man said to be a soldier. The parties all arrived at camp by 2 p. m. On the 1st instant I left camp again with the same command at 6 a m. ; traveled on the Clinton road until within four miles of Clinton, where I learned that Colonel Fonda had been at Clinton and left at sunrise, taking the Greensborough road. I then charged my direction, crossed the Comite River, and traveled in the direction of Greenville Springs; camped four miles northwest of the Springs at 7. 30 p. m., having marched during the day forty-five miles. There was a picket at Redwood, Olive Branch, and Comite River, but I did not capture any of them. Moved at 5 a. m. next morning on the Baton Rouge road; crossed the Comite River at Roberts' Ferry; arrived in camp at 1. 30 p. m. April 2, 1865.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. LOGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 118th Illinois Mounted Infantry.

Captain C. ROHRBOUGH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cav. Brigadier, Northern Div. of Louisiana.

MARCH 31-APRIL 1, 1865. -Operations about Aquia Fria, N. Mex.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Colonel Oscar M. Brown, First California Cavalry, of operations March 31.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant John Abbott, First California Cavalry, of operations April 1.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Oscar M. Brown, First California CAVALRY, of operations March 31.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Marcy, N. Mex., April 2, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to verbal instructions from the department commander, I proceeded on Friday, march 31, to Aqua Fria to learn by actual observation if any Indians had crossed the creek near that point within a day or two as currently reported. Before reaching the house of Juan Estaban Carrillo, situated on the north side of the creek, a trail was pointed out to me, some 400 or 500 yards south of the village, leading in the direction of the house of Mr. Carrillo, and which was stated to be the one referred to. After close examination for some distance I found that there were but two large tracks and three small ones distinctly visible, but neither appeared to be Indians' as the toes, instead of turning inward as the toes of Indians invariably do, were either straight or slightly turned out, and the moccasin or sandal tracks were different from those usually made by Indians. From thence I proceeded to the point of the creek, where the trail crossed some 200 or 300 yards below the house of Mr. Carrillo, who accompanied me to the spot, and said that eleven Indians had crossed there the night of the 29th. Dismounting, I proceeded to examine the

