
Sixth Kansas Cavalry, fearlessly exposed his life on the shore to prevent a barge laden with Government property from falling into the hands of the enemy. Lieutenant Ross, of the Fortieth Iowa Infantry [?], in charge of the guards on the Jacobs, won the respect of all by his gallant bearing. Sergt. A. E. Lovell, Company H, Second Kansas Cavalry, and Citizen Troutman accompanied me up the river-bank, under a severe fire from the enemy, to aid me in getting the soldiers who were leaving the Lotus to join the command from the Jacobs. The chaplain of the First Arkansas Infantry, Rev. Francis Springer, and Chaplain Randall, of the Fifty-fourth U. S. Colored, gave their full attention to the wounded, and Citizen O. S. Dillon acted the part of fireman at the imminent peril of his life. I have received no reports to enable me to state our loss, but have directed each detachment to report direct. Quite a number were killed. Especial attention is called to Captain William E. Gear and Pilot Gibson Morrison, both of the steamer Annie Jacobs. These officers remained at the wheel in the pilot house until the vessel was safety landed and promptly executed every order I gave. A less tenacious determination would surely have resulted in the loss of the boats and the capture of all on board. Captain Jaques, of the Lotus, in person attended to the rudder of his boat, and landed he in safety above the Jacobs. Private Vincent B. Osborn, of the Second Kansas Cavalry, had his thigh bone shattered whilst making the cable of the Jacobs fast on shore. His leg was subsequently amputated and his life is lost. And last, but not least, Major S. B. Hunt, surgeon-in-chief of the District of the Frontier, was wherever he was needed, in danger and out of danger, attending to the wounded. Nothing that I can say can add to his well-acquired reputation.

I am, major, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOS. M. BOWEN,

Colonel Twentieth Infantry Kansas Volunteers.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas.

No. 3. Order of Major General John B. Magruder, C. S. Army, commanding District of Arkansas, of operations January 14-17.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTER DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, No. 18 Washington, January 25, 1865.

The major-general commanding takes pleasure in announcing to the army that Colonel Brooks, commanding Brooks' brigade, composed of Brooks' men proper, Newton's regiment, and Stirman's battalion, after a long and difficult march to the Arkansas River, attacked a heavier force of the enemy near Dardanelle, drove him into his works, killing 8, wounding 19, and capturing 2; loss on our side, 1 killed and 15 wounded. Colonel Brooks, hearing of the approach of streamers from above, by a forced march, with 400 men, reached the proper point at sunrise on the 16th instant. Having placed a piece of artillery and his men in ambush, at 1 o'clock on the 17th, he permitted the leading boat to come well in range, when he opened upon her with his infantry and this piece. She was raked from stem to stern and soon surrendered. She proved to be the New Chippewa. The prisoners consist of 1 officer and 29 men of the Fiftieth Indiana and 40 negroes; also the captain, crew, and a large number of refugee families from Fort Smith. After removing everything valuable the boat was fired. The steamer

