
tract, which I found to be similar to many of those made by children and others from Mr. Carrillo's house. The parties making them evidently proceeded slowly and carelessly, observing no particular order or caution. On inquiry I learned that there were cattle herded some distance from that point and in the direction in which the trail proceeded. On my return I examined along the road and in the vicinity of Aqua Fria and found tracks exactly similar going either way. I also saw boys with sandals or bottoms of rawhide to their shoes which made identical impressions in the sand with those pointed out as Indians, from all of which I became satisfied that no Indians had passed Aqua Fria recently. but to set the matter at rest I dispatched Lieutenant John Abott, regimental adjutant First California Cavalry, agreeably to the direction of the general commanding, with five men and three days' rations, to take up the trail and follow it until the question cold be definitely settled, as will be seen by the accompanying order and the report of Lieutenant Abbott, which I have the honor to submit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSCAR M. BROWN,

Colonel First Cavalry California Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain BENJAMIN C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Vols., Dept. of N. Mex., Santa Fe, N. Mex.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant John Abbott, First California Cavalry, of operations April 1.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Marcy, N. Mex., April 2, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 27, from these headquarters, dated March 31, 1865 (a copy of which is inclosed), I proceeded on the morning of the 1st instant, with a detachment of five men from the First California Cavalry, to Aqua Fria. At that place, near the house of Juan Estaban Carrillo, I found the trial (or more correctly) the tracks which were supposed to have been made by either Navajos or Pueblo Indians. I followed these tracks directly across the creek and found that the supposed Indians had almost immediately taken and followed the road, as the tracks were plainly to be seen in the road and on each side of it for a distance of about two miles. I also found that the tracks or footprints proceedings toward the town were about as numerous as those going from it. After following as above the traces of the supposed Indians for about two miles the marks became fewer and fainter in and near the road till I came to a small arroyo. Here they were again plainly visible, going in each direction, up and down. Separating my party, with directions to follow the tracks till they found where the Indians had left the arroyo and crossed into the valley, I proceeded with one of the men to examine the ground beyond for the purpose of finding any traces which the Indians might have made after leaving the arroyo. I cold find on the ground beyond (which wad very hard) no traces whatever of where the party had left it. Judging from the general direction of the tracks going from the town that the party making them had made for the canon in the low range of hills directly west from Aqua Fria

