
there fought bravely and killed three of the Utes. They brought three horses and rifles as trophies and the corpse of the deceased Mexican to La Culebra last night. To-day the fact was reported to me. I sent, immediately, soldiers to protect the Mexicans up the San louis Valley in driving their stocks near to the settlements. Those Indians belong to Major Flead's or Head's tribe,* who is at present in Colorado City. I notify him also by this messenger. I was always a friend to the Ute Indians, and am well known to them, and I am very sorry that these depredations happened, bu if they go on in this way they will find me a hard fellow to deal with. The two counties of Costilla and Conejos have assisted me in fortifying this post, and I do not doubt that with their assistance I can handle the Ute tribe of this country. I am too long in this country to believe the large numbers of warriors which Indian agents are in the habit of publishing. Again I must request you to order Lieutenant Walter to join his company,. Inclosed please find requisition for ordnance stores and for horses, which I beg to be filled without delay. I do not care if the horses are poor or not, so long as they are young. Good care will soon make them all right. I will write for further instructions from the general commanding before I declare regular war against the Utes. They may give up the depredators to me or civil authorities so soon as Major Flead (or Head) returns.

Most respectfully, I am, sir, your very obedient servant,

CHARLES KERBER,

Captain, Battalion First Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant IRA I. TABER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Denver, Colo. Ter.

APRIL 1-4, 1865. -Scout from Pine Bluff to Bayou Bartholomew, Ark.

Report of Captain John H. Norris, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY M, THIRTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Pine Bluff, Ark., April 5, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders, I left this post with seventy-five men and two officers on Saturday, 1st instant, at 11 a. m., to scout down Bayou Bartholomew and drive in all the beef-cattle I could find. I proceeded out on the lower Monticello road twenty-three miles, took the Napoleon road, and marched twelve miles farther to Allsion's farm, and camped at 11 o'clock at night. Sunday morning, 2nd instant, proceeded to Green Mount on same road, scouting the country well on each side of the main road from one to five miles. There I took the Auburn road and crossed Bayou Bartholomew at Brown's Ferry, and started back to Pine Bluff and commenced gathering up cattle. Camped at Price's, near Bayou Bartholomew, on Sunday night, and at Doctor Stewart's on Monday night, and arrived at this post Tuesday 5 p. m. with 91 head of beef-cattle, 13 prisoners, and 10 head of horses and mules, and a few fire arms. Seized and destroyed twenty-one guns, consisting of double-barrel shotguns, musketoons, rifles, and yagers; also a lot of ammunition. I marched about 125 miles going and coming. Two of the prisoners, who were rebel soldiers, voluntarily surrendered them-

---------------

*Reference is to Lafayette Head, Indian Agent.

---------------

