
selves. Two claim to be citizens and none was detailed to farm. These five are anxious to take the oath of allegiance. One sergeant had his horse shot when making a little charge. No other casualties. I report 1 rebel lieutenant killed and 1 private.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. NORRIS,

Captain Company M, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

P. S. -I entirely omitted to mention the fact that I captured a very large rebel mail and also the courier. The mail is herewith sent to headquarters.

J. H. N.

Captain GUY S. ALEXANDER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 1-30, 1865. -Scouts from Licking, Mo.

Report of Captain William Monks, Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF LICKING,Licking, Texas County, Mo., April 28, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I moved from camp on the 20th of April, 1865. On marching sixteen miles I struck a trail of about fifty men moving in northwest direction. Followed them to Piney Fork of the Gasconade River. It being swimming I had to change my direction. Moved and encamped on Hog Creek, after marching thirty miles. Moved early the next morning up Big Piney for the purpose of effecting a crossing. Struck the left hand fork of Piney at Widow Self's. Routed and killed a bushwhacker named Thompson Tucker. Struck the trail of six others. On trailing them two miles through the woods, came upon them grazing their horses, charging them and killing the notorious leader of the band, by the name of A. W. Howell. Pursued and fired a great many shots on the others. From the best information that can be had, killed one other, by the name of Mose Shumake; pursued another one; caused him to dismount and resort to the thicket, making his way into the creek and sunk himself under the water, hiding his head under a drift; lay concealed until I marched out, supposing him to be drowned. Afterward heard how he made his escape. All of them were dressed in full suit of Federal uniform. A great many shots were fired by them at quite short range. One of them discharged a shot at myself no more than ten steps but luckily missed me. My men all escaped uninjured. Encamped at Skyles'. Moved next morning, striking the trail of a band commanded by Thomas Yeates, but was unable to overtake them. Found two rebel camps. Was out six days chasing those men in every direction. After marching and countermarching about 250 miles returned to camp. I have the honor also to report the following scouts for the month ending April, 1865: April 1, Sergeant Walker with twenty-four men left camp. marched 200 miles; killed 5 bushwhackers and captured 3 horses; returned to camp April 6, 1865. April 2, Sergeant Mustion with seven men left camp; marched ninety miles; returned to camp April 5, 1865. Sergeant Mustion, April 7, with ten men started from camp; was gone three days; marched forty miles; returned April 10. April 10, Ser-

