
geant Craddock with eight men left camp; was gone two days; marched forty-five miles; returned April 12, 1865. Total miles marched, 625; men killed, 8; horses captured, 3.

Respectfully submitted.

I have the honor, sir, to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM MONKS,

Captain Company K, Sixteenth Missouri Cav. Vols., Commanding Post.

Colonel JOHN MORRILL,

Commanding District of Rolla, Rolla, Mo.

APRIL 1-MAY 27, 1865. -Operations against Indians west of Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter., with skirmish (May 20) at Deer Creek Station.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Captain George F. Price, Second California Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant Paul P. Grim, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain George F. Price, Second California Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General. JULESBURG, COLO. TER., May 22, 1865.

On 20th 200 Indians attacked detachment at Deer Creek Station and were repulsed, with a loss on their part of seven killed and several wounded. They succeeded in driving away with tem twenty-two horses which were on heard. Colonel Plumb gave them chase with thirty men, but could not ford the river. Succeeded in killing one and wounding several. Indians came from north side of Platte and have gone off northeast. One soldier killed. Moonlight says troops displayed great determination. A white man, supposed to be Bill Comstock, formerly of Fort Laramie, seemed to have command of Indians. Captain Brown was at Rock Spring on 11th instant. Everything all right. Telegraphed you on 18th to Saint Louis, and on 20th to Atchison.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

(Care of Colonel Livingston, Kearny.)

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Paul P. Grim, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry. CAMP MOONLIGHT, On La Prelle, Dak. Ter., June 9, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 1st of April Company K marched from Mud Springs to Platte Bridge, under command of Captain J. M. Allen. On the 25th instant met escort of Sergeant Schonhoff and five men escorting train to Deer Creek Station, Dak. Ter. On the 27th instant a scout of eleven men, under command of Second Lieutenant Grim, on foot, south and east of Platte Bridge, Dak. Ter. ; no enemy

