
discovered. On the 28th instant an escort for the surgeon from Platte Bridge to Sweetwater Bridge, Dak. Ter., under command of Sergeant Stuart, with ten men. On the 5th of May mail party to and from Deer Creek Station, five men, under command of Corporal Emmons. On the 8th of May scouting northwest of Platte Bridge with regiment under Colonel T. Moonlight, with forty-nine men under command of Second Lieutenant Paul Grim; made no discoveries. On the 20th of May Corpl. D. Schwankee with ten men in pursuit of Indians, and in action with Indians in the vicinity of Deer Creek Station, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Plumb. On the 23rd of May Second Lieutenant Grim with eleven men in pursuit of a party of Indians that had stolen a lot of mules from a train in charge of Captain Lybe, of Third U. S. Volunteer Infantry. On the 23rd day of May scouting to lower Platte Bridge. On the 26th of May Captain Allen with twelve men to re-enforce escort with regimental supply train. On the 27th of May Sergeant Hankamer with six men to re-enforce escort with regimental supply train. Moved camp during the months of April and May.

PAUL P. GRIM,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Company.

Lieutenant Colonel P. B. PLUMB,

Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

APRIL 2, 1865. -Skirmish near Van Buren, Ark.

Report of Brigadier General Cyrus Bussey, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Seventeenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, Ark., April 6, 1865.

I have the honor to report that on the night of the 2nd instant twenty rebels came within two miles of Van Buren and robbed several citizens. As soon as the facts were reported to me I ordered Sergt. H. H. Jones, First Arkansas Cavalry, and seven mounted men (all the horses I had not on duty) to pursue the enemy. They came up with them several miles from town, and after a spirited engagement, routed the party, killed 2 men, captured 9 horses and equipments, without loss on our side. Papers on the bodies show them to be from Fulton, Tex., en route to Missouri. Numerous parties are passing through the country, and some have come in to carry on their guerrilla warfare. I need some cavalry very much, and believe I could drive the guerrillas all out of the country with 200 or 300 mounted men. My scouts have returned from Red River and report the enemy actively conscripting in all the counties south of here. They are concentrating at Washington and Shreveport, and were shoeing horses and preparing for active operations, but in what direction could not be ascertained. A deserter from Texas came in last night. He reports the enemy moving toward Galveston. They have been much scattered to obtain supplies. The people are much discouraged, but the leaders want to carry on the war and are conscripting all able to bear arms between sixteen and sixty-five.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas.

