
APRIL 2, 1865. -Skirmish near Hickory Station, Ark.

Report of Captain Richmond C. Custard, One hundred and twelfth U. S. Colored Troops.

CAMP 12TH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,

Little Rock, Ark., April 3, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following, which occurred yesterday on the Little Rock and Devall's Bluff Railroad:

I was on the morning train from the Bluff, in charge of the train guard, comprising nineteen men of the One hundred and twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry. When the train had arrived to within about four miles of Hickory Station it was thrown from the track, with the exception of the passenger car. Upon examination it was found that the spikes had been drawn from some eight or nine rails, two of which had been removed from the track. I immediately formed the guard to meet an attack which I had reason to expect, which had hardly been accomplished when the enemy, numbering twenty-six men, under command of one M. F. Maybery, made his appearance about one miles distant and advanced rapidly upon the train. When he had arrived within about 400 yards the train good opened fire, which checked the enemy, causing him to scatter and retire. He did not renew the attack, but hung about at a safe distance until near 12 m., when he returned by small squads in different directions. No casualties occurred on our side. One of the enemy appeared to have been wounded, as two men were seen to assist him to sit on his horse as they rode off. One horse was seen to fall, but up again and hobbed off. During the melee most of the citizen passengers started off on the prairie, but came back when ordered, except some four or five who went away. Two of these afterward returned, having been relieved by the enemy of their personal effects, even to their clothing. One of the men who returned brought back the inclosed demand from Maybery for the surrender of the train and guard, to which I did not deign a reply. One of the passengers. Fred. Taylor, private, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, a dispatch messenger from General Shaler's headquarters, ran off and secreted himself in the grass on the prairie, throwing away his saber. After the affair was over he returned to the train and recovered his saber and dispatches. After considerable labor the locomotive and cars were got upon the track uninjured and came through safely to Little Rock.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. CUSTARD,

Captain, One hundred and twelfth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Colonel JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Arkansas.

[Inclosure.]

IN THE FIELD, April 2, 1865.

THE COMMANDING OF THE CARS:

SIR: I demand you to surrender the troops or guards on the cars, and they will be treated as prisoners of war. If you don't surrender I will show you no quarter. I have men enough to take you.

M. F. MAYBERY,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

