
Annie Jacobs next hove in sight. She was immediately attacked, and the fire was returned by the troops on board. She attempted to destroy our artillerists; our artillery, however, soon disabled her, and she grounded upon an island. Here many men [were] drowned in attempting to make their escape to the opposite bank. During the engagement with the Jacobs the Lotus came down. The troops on board were driven into the water and she to the north bank of the river, where most of them escaped, the iron axle of one piece of artillery having broken. Finding the boats too distant for an effective fire of musketry, Colonel Brooks returned to his camps, taking with him 82 prisoners and the refugee families captured. Federal casualties, 27 killed and wounded, besides those who were drowned; our own loss, 1 killed and 15 wounded. A large quantity of the enemy's store were onels Newton and Stirman and Lieutenant Lockhart are spoken of in high terms by Colonel Brooks in his report of their operations. Information has also been received from Major General M. M. Parsons that Captain Webb, who was ordered to destroy the enemy's mills at Pine Bluff and to rid the country of graybacks, has succeeded-capturing one company, thirty-seven strong, a number of horses, arms, &amp;c.

The commanding general takes great pleasure in returning his thanks to both officers and men of the several commands for their gallant conduct on this occasion.

By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 2-7, 1865. -Scout in Shannon County, Mo.

Reports of Captain Levi E. Whybark, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT FIFTH CAVALRY,Salem, Mo., January 8, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I returned yesterday evening from a scout in Shannon County, Mo. I left here Monday with forty-five men of Companies C, D, M, Fifth Missouri State Militia Cavalry. I had information that there was a camp of some eighty bushwhackers on Jack's Fork, which was false; they camped in small squads, from five to fifteen in a squad. I scouted out Jack's Fork Hills and found their camp; were but two men in camp. We killed one and got both of their horses. On Birch Prairie we found another squad. There we killed another. I then divided my men in three squads, and scouted the whole county and the head of Jack's Fork. I came across a squad of eight or ten; we fired on them. They returned fire and wounded one of my men severely, but I think he will recover. There we killed 4 and wounded 2, who made their escape. We captured 6 horses and rig. I captured in all 9 horses and killed 6 bushwhackers. I found several camps in those hills. I destroyed them and burned several harboring places. We found several pens of corn out in those hills, five miles from any farm. I think that county is scouted out more thoroughly than it ever was since the war. I was down as far as eight miles of Thomasville. Freeman had disbanded his men till spring, and they are scattered all over the whole country in small squads. Texas County is full. There have been several squads of eight and ten [who] went up in the neighborhood of Rolla, Mo., a few days ago. These fellows come in and rob the

2 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

