
force had [six]; that they swam the Bayou, throwing away their guns and clothing; that he had been through to Gentils' Landing, and had found that they has escaped from him, and that their were only two boats found, which had been destroyed. Believing the duty assigned to this detachment had been performed, I returned to Grand Bayou, where the Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry had been re-enforced by another company from Donaldsonville. After finding both horses and men I returned to this post. The Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry remained at the Grand Bayou with the prisoners and mules, and were to return early this morning, requiring no further assistance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. R. DAVIS,

Major, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Lieutenant E. K. THOMPSON,

Adjutant Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

CAMP THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,

Post Napoleonville, La., April 11, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report:

Pursuant to instructions received from headquarters post Napoleonville, La., on the 6th instant I assumed command of 114 mounted men of the Third Rhode Island Cavalry. At 5 a. m. April 7, 1865, I marched to within three miles and a half of Grand Bayou, at which point I dismounted forty-two men and ordered Captain Bushee to proceed with the remainder of the command and the horses of the dismounted men to Ford's Crossing, on Grand Bayou, with instructions to make such disposition of his force as would avoid surprise and disaster, and await there for further orders. I instructed Captain Sayles, on arriving at Ford's Crossing, to dismount twenty men of his company (leaving his horses and extra men with Captain Bushee) and proceed across Grand Bayou, thence to Bayou Corn and cross and to make such disposition of his command as would prevent any person escaping from Brule Creux by the Paincourtville and Jauntes roads, or by the woods on the Bayou Corn side. I proceeded with the dismounted men to Grand Bayou via [what is] known as "Muddy Way to Grand Bayou; " crossed about one mile below the mouth of Bayou Corn, thence through the swamp across Bayou Creux to the brule. I then searched every house, barn, shed, and known lurking place in that vicinity, and finding no indication of Whitaker's gang I proceeded to Bayou Corn, where I found Captain Sayles with his command. I then proceeded to Jauntes' plantation, crossing Bayou Pierre Pass, and encamped for the night. I sent small detachments into different localities in that vicinity to lay concealed and watch the roads paths, and bayous, with instructions to bring in every man they saw. At daylight on the following day I instructed Captain Scott to proceed with his company to Bay Natchez and watch the bay and communicate with Lieutenant-Colonel Rice if possible. He returned at noon and reported that on arriving at the bay he posted a picket upon one of the trees in such position that he could see about two miles down and one mile up the bay. He then marched about 1,000 yards up and down the bay, and could see nothing of the expedition that left Bayou Boeuf, and therefore returned. I then sent forward six men, with orders to proceed to Bayou Pierre Pass, two on the right, tow on the left, and two in a pirogue in the Bayou. I then marched the whole command to the bay except a small

