
picket-post, which I left at Jauntes'. All the lurking places on the route were searched thoroughly. I encamped at the bay of the night. At 8. 30 p. m. I crossed a small detachment and sent them forward to Gross' plantation, near Bell River. I also sent a small force down the bay. They returned reporting everything quiet and not a man to be seen. Small detachments were extended from the bay to Jauntes', in rear of this brule, totally concealed and watch during the night. At daylight on the following morning I returned to Jauntes' plantation and endeavored to pass through to the Jim Anderson place on Bay Natchez, but could not on account of the water and mud in the swamp, being six or seven feet deep. I then proceeded to Bayou Corn and sent out small detachments in every direction, and encamped at this Bayou for the night. At daylight on the 10th instant I sent a detachment in pirogues and flats, under command of Captain Savles, up Bayou Corn. He returned about 12 m., stating that he proceeded up Bayou Corn about one mile, then to the left up Bayou Pecan, and searched all the houses; he then returned into Bayou Corn and proceeded up that some four or five miles. The people upon Bayou Pecan stated that was the main thoroughfare of Whitaker and Brown; that this Bayou runs into Bayou Corn from Bay Natchez. I then returned to Grand Bayou, mounted the command, and proceeded to this post, arriving in the evening. I took one horse from old man Whitaker's place in Brule Creux, which was stolen from Mr. Jones, of this place, some time since; also one at Blanchard's, on Bayou Pierre Pass, and one at Dearbon's, across Bayou Pierre Pass, both stolen two weeks ago from Nicholas Pentard's, of Paincourtville. The horses have been returned to their rightful owners. I found at a blacksmith shop at Jauntes' quite a quantity of old gunlocks, pieces of old guns, lead, bullet molds, &amp;c., which I removed. I would state, in conclusion, that I have made every effort in my power to catch some to shi gang. d faithful guide; I visited many places at which no Yankees had been seen since the war [commenced]; passed through dep swamps and up bayous; have had my men lay concealed watching their main thoroughfares, and have used every effort to conceal my position and force, and have not found one of Whitaker's men in that section of the district.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. R. DAVIS,

Major, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Lieutenant E. K. THOMPSON,

Adjutant Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel J. Hale Sypher, Eleventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery. HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Plaquemine, La., April 24, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions from headquarters La Fourche District, La., I sent all the available cavalry at this post, Captain A very, one commissioned officer and fifty-two enlisted men of Third Rhode Island Cavalry, to The Park on the 4th of April, 1865, with eight days' rations and sixty rounds of ammunition. The force performed picket duty between Indian Village and

