
The Park, on Bayou Plaquemine, six days without seeing an enemy, and on the 9th instant they returned to this post, by orders of Brigadier-General Cameron, having sustained no less, or committed any depredations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. SYPHER,

Colonel Eleventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, Commanding Post.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,

Thibodeaux, La.

Numbers 4. Report of Lieutenant William D. McGuire, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery. BRASHEAR CITY, LA., April 8, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, [pursuant] instructions from headquarters post Brashear, La., I proceeded to the mouth of Bayou Long with fifty men from Company G, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery, at 6 p. m. April 6, 1865, arriving at that place at 8 o'clock the same evening. I landed about one-quarter of a mile from its mouth and distributed my men along the right bank of the Bayou, in five posts, leaving fifteen men onboard the Cornie, where we lay concealed until 6 a. m. April 8, 1865, at which time we returned to this post, as I had been previously instructed. No enemy appeared and no casualties or accidents occurred during the entire expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. McGUIRE,

Second Lieutenant Company G, Tenth U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

Captain T. J. WHITEMAN,

Acting Post Adjutant, Brashear, La.

Numbers 5. Report of Major James M. Hildreth, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry. HDQRS. DETACH. SIXTEENTH INDIANA MOUNTED INFTY., Donaldsonville, La., April 5, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders from headquarters U. S. Forces, dated Donaldsonville, La., April 3, 1865, I proceeded with a detachment of 100 men of my command toward Lake Natchez. I reached Doctor Ford's plantation on Grand Bayou at 4 p. m. of 3rd instant, and proceeded down the Bayou about two miles and nearly one mile below where Bayou Corn empties into Grand Bayou. I found it to be difficult in crossing horses at this place, so concluded I would encamp for the night and cross seventy-five men (dismounted) in the morning. I seized a boat from three citizens who were pressing up the Bayou and detained the citizens. At 6 a. m. of the 4th of April I commenced crossing my command, leaving a guard of one commissioned officer and twenty-five men with the horses of the command. I immediately took up my line of march through the swamp to Whitaker's plantation, a distance of

