
pairs horsemen's spurs, 8 pairs flannel drawers, 3 knit flannel shirts, 3 colored flannel shirts, 1 piece brown shirting, 4 piece blue shirting, 1 piece calico, 6 dozen spools thread, 3 boxes steel pens, 5 pocket diaries, all of which I send marked to you to-morrow by U. S. military railroad.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. RICE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain Elias F. Stall, Ninety-third U. S. Colored Troops. BRASHEAR CITY, LA., April 7, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders, I have the following to report in relation to the late expedition:

I went aboard the U. S. steamer Glide with seventy five men on the evening of the 3rd instant, and immediately proceeded to the river and lakes and came to anchor at 2 o'clock the next morning off the mouth of Little Pigeon Bayou. At daylight on the 4th we entered the bayou, and after some difficulty with logs and driftwood, which in some places completely closed up the channel, we reached its head about non that day. I went ashore at once with a few men, and was informed that Whitaker with seventy-five men had passed down the river a few days before, and was followed the next day by a lieutenant with eighteen men. They camped a short time at Judge Baker's plantation and then moved on, they said to capture horses and mules in the La Fourche District. On the 15th I heard that Whitaker had left five horses at Baker's plantation some time before, and thinking it to be my duty to secure the animals, I marched with fifty men for that place, three miles. On arriving at the first plantation I learned that Whitaker had staid at Baker's the night before an had gone into the woods that morning with seventy-five men. Thinking there might be some truth in the report, I proceeded with caution through the woods, which were very dense, but could see no signs of the enemy. I was afterward told that he had not been there. Acting Ensign Cole also-went along with The men in a cutter, but saw nothing near the river. There were five horses and a mule and McClellan saddle found on the place. They were left there by Whitaker's men, so I was informed by the negroes. A white man that lived there said that he bought the saddle of a soldier. The horses, mules, and saddle were brought away, and it was my intention to have turned them over to the post quartermaster, but Captain Leonard wold not permit them to be brought ashore. Colonel Rice arrived about 10 p. m. on the 5th with 11 prisoners-1 lieutenant, 7 privates, and 3 citizens-who were turned over to the commander of the boat. Colonel Rice reported Whitaker's gang badly used up. They were whipped near Napoleonville, and lost 8 or 10 men killed and wounded (prisoners), and afterward by Colonel Rice, who captured the prisoners we brought down. He desired the boat to remain in the head of the bayou until 1 o'clock the next day (6th), when if he sent no word, to go down to the mouth of Big Pigeon Bayou and remain till 12 o'clock to-day. We were unable to get through Little Pigeon before morning. We then anchored

12 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

