
off the mouth of Big Pigeon Bayou, as directed, until 12. 30 to-day, when we returned to this place, where we have arrived without accident. Mr. Whitaker was very kind to us; he gave us forage for the horses, and two beef-cattle.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELIAS F. STALL,

Captain, Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry.

Captain T. J. WHITEMAN,

Post Adjutant.

APRIL 3, 1865. -Pursuit of Bushwhackers near Farmington, Mo.

Report of Captain John Noyes, Seventh Kansas Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY B, SEVENTH KANSAS CAVALRY,Farmington, Mo., April 4, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following information:

Yesterday about 9 o'clock a report was brought to me by citizens that Hilderbrand and his gang, numbering eight men in all, were at Hered's place, near Big River Mills, at daylight and took breakfast. On receiving this report I immediately sent out two details, one under Sergeant Hood, the other under Sergeant Cable, to intercept them. Sergeant Hood proceeded on the Potosi road about four miles, when he struck their trial on the Iron road. They were evidently making their way toward Dent's Station, Iron Mountain Railroad, but hearing of my men being in pursuit changed their course and struck south. Sergeant Hood followed the trial as best he could, now and then getting off the track as they traveled no plain roads, but took through thick woods and by-paths. They had about fourteen led horses, according to citizens' reports. About two miles from this place they ran in and took out an old black men, and killed him about seven miles from town. They crossed the Pilot Knog plank road about five miles from here, and took six horses from teams on the road. My two details united about noon and followed the trial as far as Burnham's Mills, on the Blairsville road. The horses being so fatigued, having traveled some forty miles. Sergeant Hood thought it advisable not to pursue farther. I afterward learned that they passed on the west side of the Saint Francis River and probably about seven miles east of Pilot Knob, so on through what is called Flat Woods. I sent information by Captain Sanders yesterday to you, that you might telegraph to Fredericktown.

I have the honor to be, your, respectfully,

JOHN NOYES,

Captain, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Company B.

Lieutenant-Colonel HILLYER,

Commanding Third Sub-District, Pilot Knob, Mo.

APRIL 8010, 1865. -Pursuit of Guerrillas in Northeast Missouri.

Report of Colonel Alexander F. Denny, Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF HOWARD,Glasgow, Mo., April 16, 1865.

GENERAL: Lieutenant James McKinsey with seven men started from this place on the 8th instant in pursuit of Captain Bob Rucker, Captain Jim

