
Matlock, and James Rucker, three noted guerrillas of this county. He pursued them until the 10th, when he came up with them, crossing the Mississippi at Alexandria, in the northeast corner of the State. A steam-boat happened to be at the landing at the time with steam up, which was pressed into service, by which the lieutenant was enabled to place some on the Illinois shore before Rucker and his companions has made good their landing from the ferry-boat. The three guerrillas were captured and brought back to Macon City, where they were turned over to the provost-marshal. The energy and activity displayed by the lieutenant and the men under his command entitle them to special commendation. The lieutenant desires that the names of the soldiers who accompanied him may be given you, viz, Corpl. Simpson Piper, Charles S. Day, Matthias Turner, J. M. M. Goodwin, William Wisdom, W. R. Mills, and Samuel L. Davis. He also desires to make mention of the names of the following parties who joined him in pursuit after he reached the town of Newark, in Knox County, viz,

------

Downing, William Clifton, Sam. Rash, J. H. Branch, and A. N. Anderson. He took from the prisoners some $263 in money. He expended for transportation and other purpose about $117. The remainder was turned over to Major De Bolt. I would respectfully ask that this money together with the watch taken, may be turned over to Lieutenant McKinsey and the men who accompanied him on the expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. F. DENNY,

Colonel, Missouri Militia.

General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Macon, Mo.

APRIL 12-13, 1865. -Expedition from Port Hudson to Jackson, La.

Report of Brigadier General Cyrus Hamlin, U. S. Army, commanding District of Port Hudson.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PORT HUDSON,Port Hudson, La., April 13, 1865.

I have the honor to report that last night, having received information from Jackson, I sent Lieutenant Colonel N. C. Mitchell, commanding Fourth U. S. Colored Cavalry, at midnight to that place. My adjutant-general, Captain Getchell, and my aide, Lieutenant Wing, accompanied him. They entered Jackson at daylight and succeeded in capturing Captain Bannon, Thirteenth Louisiana Infantry; Lieutenant J. C. Lemon, Fourteenth Louisiana Infantry, and two privates. I have directed them to be sent to Baton Rouge. A mail was also captured, but of no importance. Within the last three days a small force has visited two plantations in this vicinity (Mr. Aburger's and Miss Loudson's), taking four negroes and some mules. Captain Bannon informs me that such things are done contrary to his orders. The men taken from Miss Loudon were recaptured by Lieutenant-Colonel Mitchell this morning on his return; also one man and one mules belonging to Mr. Aburger. I have learned the names of some of these men in these raiding parties, the parents of whom live between here and Jackson, and if they continue in such conduct I shall take mules, &amp;c., from them and make restitution for the property stolen. I believe there is an organized band to steal mules near our lines, for the purpose of selling them to citizens in the vicinity

