
citizens of all their horses and bed clothing and meat, &amp;c. While I was gone down in Shannon County they were in this county, and robbed several families of everything they had-did not leave them anything in the world, clothing or anything to eat. I will send Captain Benz with a squad of men into Texas County to-morrow morning to rout those fellows that are in that vicinity. There is no large force this side of Batesville. If there was a scout of 200 or 300 men sent down on Spring River and in Arkansas it would pay, as there is where they take all their stolen property. Some of those fellows have moved their families back to Texas and Dent and Shannon Counties. There is plenty of corn in Shannon and down in that country to feed a scout of 300 or 400 men by camping in different places, and this county will be visited by those fellows as long as they are allowed to remain in that country. I will endeavor to keep them out of this county as well as I can.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEVI E. WHYBARK,

Captain, Commanding Post Detachment.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rolla District, Rolla, Mo.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT FIFTH CAVALRY,MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,

Salem, Mo., January 9, 1865.

SIR: I returned from six days' scout down in Shannon County. That whole country is full of rebels, scouting in small squads, as Freeman has disbanded his whole army until spring. Now they are engaged in stealing and robbing the whole country. I routed several camps of them. We had little skirmishes with them several times. We killed 6 men and captured 9 horses. I had 1 man wounded, of Company C, but not badly. I will send Captain Benz this morning into Texas County, as there are a great many in that vicinity. While I was gone they came in near Salem, and robbed several families of everything they had. There is no large force this side of Batesville.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. E. WHYBARK,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. EPPSTEIN,

Commanding Fifth Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

JANUARY 2-10, 1865. -Scout from Fort Wingate to Sierra del Datil, N. Mex.

Report of Lieutenant Jose M. Sanches, First New Mexico Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Wingate, N. Mex., January 19, 1865.

Captain B. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of New Mexico:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith report of First Lieutenant Jose M. Sanches, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, dated January 15, 1865.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. EATON,

Major, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, Commanding Post.

