
of Clinton. The expedition returned this forenoon about 10 o'clock, the only casualty being one enlisted man wounded. The rear guard had a slight skirmish in leaving Jackson with some of Colonel Griffith's force, which in supposed to be near Jackson.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS HAMLIN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM H. CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Northern Division of Louisiana.

APRIL 12-13, 1865. -Scout from Tallahassa Mission, Ind. Ter.

Report of Lieutenant Francis J. Fox, First Indiana Home Guard (Kansas) Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Tallahassa Mission, C. N., April 13, 1865.

I have the honor to report that a scout of eight men, four mounted and four on foot, that I dispatched by Choska, west of here in the direction of Concharty returned late last night in a great hurry and very much scared. The sergeant of the scout reports as follows: That he passed through Choska town and told his footmen to keep on whilst some beef-cattle which he performed; and having about fifteen head of cattle on the road, about five miles this side of Concharty (twenty-five miles to Concharty from here), on his return to meet his footmen, when all of sudden nine well-mounted armed men dashed up after them, but stopped, dismounted, and fired a volley at long range; then mounted and charged, when the sergeant and his men thought "prudence the best part of valor" and charged also, but with their ponies' tails toward the foe, abandoning the beef-cattle, and arriving here minus a pony, which broke down on the retreat. The supposition is that the enemy are cattle thieves, and appeared to be white men. All well at the Mission. The Arkansas is reported very deep and impassable. I received rations and clothing all right, which had to be ferried over in a small quantities in canoes at old Marshall's place. Then we pressed wagons and hauled them up to the Mission, about six miles. I hope it is true that Richmond is ours.

I remain, sir, your most obedient and humble servant,

F. J. FOX,

First Lieutenant, &amp;c.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Third Brigade.

APRIL 12-16, 1865. -Scout from Dakota City, Nebr. Ter.

Report of Captain Zaremba Jackson, First Battalion Nebraska Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST DAKOTA,Dakota City, Nebr. Ter., April 17, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, hearing of depredations being committed up on the South Fork of Iowa Creek, I started with a detachment of twenty men from headquarters this post on the 12th instant to

