
scout for the Indians committing the depredations. Proceeded west up Elk Creek; thence across the hills to the West Fork of Badger Creek; thence up that stream to its head, and thence taking a westerly direction across the hills to the South Fork of Iowa Creek; thence up to the Chalk Branch; thence up that stream about ten miles, where ewe came on the Indians. I sent a detachment a circuitous route above the encampment to cut off the escape of the depredators in that direction, and then, by moving simultaneously on them from both front and rear, succeeded in making them prisoners. Moved them to a place where they could be easily guarded. Placed guards to prevent their escape and crossed over to the South Fork. Proceeded farther up that stream and its branches in search of another party, whom I learned from the captives were in that vicinity seven or eight days before. After searching for two days, and not being able to find the Indians, although finding two places where they had been in camp, I returned to Chalk Branch, took my captives, and brought them to headquarters of this post, where I have them prisoners. I dispatched a messenger to the agency to which the Indians belong, notifying the agent of the arrest, and said to him that, as they were not hostile Indians, upon his promise to see that proper restitution and reparation was made to the parties aggrieved I would deliver the Indians to him. I have just received his answer that he would do so, and to-morrow morning I shall send them to him under guard as prisoners. It may be proper to add that this post comprises the district of country that is settled along the Missouri River and between the Omaha Indian Reserve and the Running Water River, and that the Omaha Agency is twenty-eight miles south from headquarters this post. The captured Indians were Omahas, and the agent informs me that the other party of ten lodges, of which I was in pursuit, had not yet returned to the agency. I shall to-morrow take a supply of rations and start again in search of them. Our rations being exhausted was the cause of our return from the trip of the 16th.

All of which is respectfully submitted through headquarters Eastern Sub-District of Nebraska.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. JACKSON,

Captain First Batt. Nebraska Vet. Cav., Commanding Post of Dakota.

ASST. ADJT. General OF BRIGADIER-GENERAL CONNOR,

Commanding District of the Plains, Denver, Colo.

APRIL 12-25, 1865. -Scout from Fort Stanton, N. Mex.

Report of Lieutenant Charles M. Hubbell, First New Mexico Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Stanton, N. Mex., April 26, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 12, I left this post on the evening of the 12th of April, 1865, with eight men of Company H and seven men of Company A, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, with fifteenth days' rations, in pursuit of some Indians that had stolen stock from the ranch of C. Christopher &amp; Co., situated on the junction of the Carrizo and Ruidoso Creeks. I traveled the same evening nine miles and camped. April

