
13, I raised camp at daylight and marched to the said ranch, where I learned that the Indians had stolen four head of horses and four head of cattle. Two head of cattle were found the same day by Mr. Christopher, the Indians having abandoned them. I immediately followed the trial of the Indians. Five miles from the ranch I discovered an ox that the Indians had abandoned. One mile farther I discovered the fourth ox, killed by the Indians and about one-fourth of the beef taken. I marched that day in all about twenty-three miles, when I camped. The Indians, I discovered, were four in number, all mounted. April 14, raised camp at daylight, marched twenty-two miles, and camped. April 15, raised camp at daylight, marched about twenty-three miles, and camped at a hole of muddy water containing about ten gallons. This day's march was in the direction of the Guadalupe Mountains, over a dry, rocky country. Both men and animals very much given out on account of the extreme heat. April 16, raised camp at daylight, marched about twenty-four miles, and camped at a tank of water containing about forty gallons, situated in a deep, rocky canon. About 12 m. on the same day I discovered that the Indians had separated, each taking a different direction. I followed the trail of one until dark, the trial continuing in the direction of the Guadulupe Mountains. This day's march was very fatiguing on men, for the country was so rocky that the men's shoes were nearly worn out, having barely leather enough left in their shoes to keep the rocks from cutting their feet. April 17, busy all day hunting for the trial of the Indians, which was impossible to find. Owing to the extreme rocky country, which extended for several miles on all sides, my men were not able to discover the track of an Indian anywhere. April 18, supposing that the Indians had turned off in the direction of Dog Cannon, I raised camp at daylight and marched about eighteen miles in that direction, when I camped, not being able to go any farther on account of the condition of the men's shoes. April 19, raised camp at daylight, marched in a due west course about twenty-two miles, and camped. I was not able to follow any trails on account of their having been obliterated and grown over with weeds and grass, not having been traveled by the Indians for a considerable time. April 20, raised camp at daylight and marched twenty-three miles. I found that I had left Dog Canon to my right. I camped that night at the foot of the mountains in front of San Augustine Spring. April 21, raised camp at daylight and marched along the foot of the mountains to the mouth of Dog Canon, where I camped; distance traveled, about twenty miles. No trails discovered at the mouth of this canon. April 22, raised camp at daylight and marched to the Tularosa, where I camped. April 23, remained in camp all day on account of the bad state of the men's shoes, many of their feet having been pierced by prickly pears; also to give them time to repair their shoes. April 24, raised camp at daylight, marched about twenty-one miles, and camped at the head of the Tularosa. April 25, raised camp at daylight and arrived at this post at 4 p. m. During the last five days of the campaign I was obliged to place some of the men on mules, they were so much given out.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES M. HUBBELL,

First Lieutenant, First Cav. New Mexico Vol., Commanding Company H.

Captain WILLIAM BRADY,

First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, Commanding Post.

