
APRIL 19-25, 1865. -Expedition from Terre Bonne to Pelton's Plantation and Grand Caillou, La.

Report of Captain Joseph A. Rhodes, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY M, THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,Terre Bonne, La., April 29, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report, that pursuant to instructions from headquarters post Terre Bonne, dated April 19, 1865, whereby I was to proceed, with a portion of my command, to Pelton's plantation, below Houma, La., for the purpose of protecting a schooner laden with molasses to go from said plantation to New Orleans, I left Terre Bonne with twenty-four men and two non-commissioned officers April 19, 1865, at 5 p. m., and arrived in Houma at 9. 30 p. m., where we encamped for the night. April 20, left Houma at 9 a . m. and arrived at Pelton's plantation at 3 p. m., seventeenth miles below Houma, where we found the schooner waiting for fair wind, the wind being ahead, and hence we were obliged to encamp at Pelton's for the night. Next morning, the wind being favorable, everything was got in readiness for the trop. Taking fifteen men and leaving the balance in charge of the horses until our return, we embarked on the schooner at 10. 30 (April 21) and proceeded down Grand Caillou toward the Gulf, a distance of seventeen miles, where, owing to the darkness, we were obliged to anchor for the night. April 22, got the vessel under way at sunrise and continued our run down the bayou. We arrived at the mouth of Grand Caillou at 9 a. m. and went outside with the schooner, seeing her safely over the bar, some six miles at sea. No rebels, or any signs of them, were seen during the entire course. At 10 a. m. we left the schooner in a small-boat, which was taken from Mr. Pelton's plantation for the purpose of conveying us back again. The wing being ahead, we were compelled to beat the boat back into the bayou. After hard pulling and towing the boat with a rope from the bank, we made some seventeen miles, and went into camp on the bayou at the house of an old Frenchman, where we were refreshed with supper and a good night's rest. April 23, at 9 a. m. we resumed our course for Pelton's plantation, which we finally reached after six hours' hard pulling against wind and tide. Mr. Pelton was glad to see us on our return, and served up a good dinner to both officers and men. Possessing a plenty with which to accommodate both men and horses, he insisted on our remaining with him all night, and the men being very tired I cheerfully accepted his proposition. April 24, at 9 a. m. left Pelton's plantation for Houma, where we arrived at 3 p. m, and went into camp for the night. April 25, resumed our march at 9 a. m., and arrived in Terre Bonne at 1 p. m., not having seen or heard anything of the enemy during our entire march. And here I would add a word relative to Mr. Pelton. Too much cannot be said in his praise for the bountiful hospitality extended to myself and command during our late visit to his plantation. The men did not take sufficient rations with them to last the entire march, because on the day we started our ration period expired, and consequently there was not enough on hand; therefore we were dependent upon Mr. Pelton's bounty, which, I am happy to say, was heartily rendered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. RHODES,

Captain, Commanding Company M, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Lieutenant C. S. COOPER,

Post Adjutant.

