
and suffering which must follow the movement of large armies into Texas and extensive military operations in that State. By accepting the terms proposed you will preserve Western Louisiana and Texas from the devastation and misery which have been the lot of nearly every Southern State east of the Mississippi, and you will aid in restoring peace to this distracted country. The duty of an officer is performed and his honor maintained when he has prolonged resistance until all hope of success has been lost. Any further continuance of hostilities simply leads to the certainty of inflicting upon a people incapable of successful resistance all the horrors of violent subjugation. Wisdom and humanity alike require that this contest, under the circumstances, be brought to an end without further suffering or shedding of blood. I am unwilling that it should be charged upon the military authorities of this military division that they omitted a single effort to restore peace without further bloodshed. In all good faith and earnestness, therefore, I proffer you the terms accepted by your General-in-Chief and beg to express the hope that you will accept them and spare the necessity of further hostile operations. Colonel Sprague is empowered to make all necessary arrangements in perfecting the object of his mission.
I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., April 19, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. T. SPRAGUE:

COLONEL: You will please proceed with the least practicable delay to the most accessible point of the enemy's lines along the Red River and deliver into the hands of General Kirby Smith the inclosed letter. * In any conversation you may have with him or other in authority it must be carefully borne in mind that the arrangement proposed in the letter referred to is purely military and in no manner relates to civilians or civil affairs. It may be well for you to suggest, in any conference on the subject, though only in the way of suggestion and without committing the Government to any future policy, that the terms now offered to the rebel army under Kirby Smith or others in Western Louisiana and Texas are much more favorable than they are at all likely to have acceded to them if, by prolonging useless hostilities or maintaining a hostile position, the force the United States to concentrate large forces and complete preparations necessary for a decisive campaign into Texas. These preparations completed and the campaign opened, terms will be directed [dictated] after the violent occupation and consequent devastation of Texas, and they will be such terms as the changed circumstances render desirable, probably very different from the terms now offered. In case Kirby Smith, or any of his officers, whilst accepting these terms for those under their command, prefer to withdraw themselves to Mexico or any other foreign country without being subject to the parole, you will not oppose any considerable objection. It is possible that the rebel army in Southern Arkansas and Louisiana may prefer to break up its organization, the officers and soldiers dispersing and returning to their homes without surrendering or giving paroles, leaving their arms and the public property (artillery,

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

