
munitions of war, &amp;c.) to be taken possession of by the U. S. authorities. Of course such a result, though very desirable, should not be made the subject of any written agreement or official understanding. It is also possible that they may propose to march off in an organized body, more or less strong, with all the material of war they can transport, into Mexico, and thus practically abandon their hostile position to the United States and their attempt to cover Louisiana and Texas. In all these cases it is indispensable that you do not in any manner commit the United States Government to any policy. The only written agreement you can properly make or that you are empowered to make is substantially that concluded by the General-in-Chief with General R. E. Lee in Virginia. It will be safe for you, in case any of the propositions herein specified are advanced to say simply that if it becomes manifest soon to the military authorities of this military division that the rebel armies [under] the general command of Kirby Smith have dispersed and that the posts of Texas are no longer in possession of a military force in hostility to the General Government, it is your opinion that only sufficient force will be sent to garrison important points in the States of Texas and Louisiana, and that these forces will no doubt be selected from the best disciplined troops, who will not molest private property or interfere with citizens except so far as directed to do so by the authorities in Washington. It might be well to allude to the assassination of the President and the deep feeling it has created throughout the United States, which feeling will undoubtedly be heavily visited upon those who continue to resist the authority of the United States, to whom the mass of people in the North attribute, however remotely, the atrocious deed. I only make these remarks as suggestions, which are to be used carefully and judiciously, if used at all, and only in the way of conversation which does not commit the authorities to any statement or the expression of any belief or intention based thereon. If the enemy accept the offer contained in my letter to General Kirby Smith you will make immediate arrangements to take the paroles of all concerned. In all respects you are charged with completing the arrangements proposed.

I am, colonel very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John T. Sprague, Eleventh U. S. Infantry, Chief of Staff. SAINT LOUIS, MO., May 27, 1865.

GENERAL: In compliance with your instructions of April 20 [19], I proceeded to the mouth of Red River and sent a messenger to General E. Kirby Smith, commanding the Trans-Mississippi Department, with a private not expressing my desire to see him upon important public business. In reply, he dispatched a steamer to the mouth of Red River with two officers of his staff. They reported to me that they had come for the purpose of receiving any dispatches I might have for General Smith. I declined delivering them, as I wished to see General Smith myself, as I had much to say beyond the contents of my dispatches. After consultation they concluded to conduct me to General Smith's headquarters, at Shreveport, La. Upon reaching there I

