
[Inclosure.]

FORT WINGATE, N. MEX.,

January 15, 1865.

SIR: For the information of the major in command of the post I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of the instructions received on the 2nd instant from these headquarters, I followed the trail of the Indians who during the night previous had stolen a number of sheep from people residing near this post, which trail I was ordered to follow and to do all in my power to recover the stolen sheep, and if possible to inflict severe punishment on the savages. After having gone six miles to the south of this post, I discovered the trail, and followed it by forced marches for four days as far as the Sierra del Datil. It was impossible for me to pursue the Indians any farther, owing to a severe snow-storm and to the impassablements of the mountains. I encamped there two days and sent eight of the men under my command to reconnoiter the other side of the range, with orders to try to find the trail, which I had lost the day before, and to watch for smoke or other signs of Indians. On their return they informed me that they had not been able to discovered anything. Seeing that it was impossible for me to overtake the Indians, I thought it best to return slowly, allowing my animals to graze on the way. I did so, and on my return march had plenty of grass, water, and wood. My men suffered somewhat owing to the scantiness of their rations. We lived on boiled wheat for three days. This was all we had to suffer during the expedition.

I am, sir, with respect, your obedient servant,

J. M. SANCHES,

First Lieutenant, First New Mexico Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.

Second Lieutenant JOHN G. DRENNAN,

First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, Post Adjutant.

JANUARY 4-16, 1865. -Expedition from Bloomfield to Poplar Bluff, Mo., and vicinity.

Reports of Lieutenant William Rinne, Second Missouri Light Artillery.

BLOOMFIELD, MO., January 14, 1865.

I arrived here at 1 o'clock to-day with the command. Had to swim the Saint Francis River. Captain Cochran did not join me at Poplar Bluff, as you directed, but afterward formed junction with me in Cherokee. We killed 19 guerrillas and took 5 prisoners. Lost our ambulance and wagon in the swamp between Current and Black Rivers. Have about fifty contraband horses and mules. It is impossible to remain here longer than one night; our stock cannot be foraged. I will march for the Cape to-morrow unless you direct otherwise. I had 1 man killed out of my command, and Captain Cochran had 1 wounded.

WILLIAM RINNE,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Cape Girardeau.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., January 18, 1865.

SIR: The command sent out under Major Robbins, consisting of detachments of Companies A, I, and M, Second Cavalry Missouri

