
good order and to protect the lives and the property of the people; that a safeguard, to extend for

------

days, be granted to the officers of state and others to leave the country, in case they should wish to do so. The above terms will be acceptable to the people of Louisiana.

HENRY W. ALLEN,

Governor of Louisiana.

A surrender upon the above terms will be acceptable.

H. FLANAGIN,

Governor of Arkansas.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

MARSHALL, TEX., May 13, 1865.

His Excellency HENRY W. ALLEN,

Governor of Louisiana:

SIR: With a view to making a complete pacification of the Trans-Mississippi Department we request you to visit the U. S. authorities. You are fully possessed of the views of each of us in writing, and we confide in your patriotism and ability. Trusting to your judgment, we will sustain your engagement in the premises.

We are, sir, very respectfully, yours,

H. FLANAGIN,

Governor of Arkansas.

THOS. C. REYNOLDS,

Governor of Missouri.

I concur in the above.

GUY M. BRYAN,

Agent State of Texas, &amp;c.

[Inclosure Numbers 5.]

Memorandum for the Marshall conference.

MARSHALL, TEX., May 10, 1865.

The position of the Missourians both in the army and in civil life in this department in this: The people and authorities of the territory held by the Confederacy should decide whether they will continue the war. If it is to be continued, we will stand by them faithfully to the last. Should the war be discontinued, we desire time and facilities and supplies to leave the country with our personal property.

THOS. C. REYNOLDS,

Governor of Missouri.

[Inclosure Numbers 6.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., May 15, 1865.

Colonel J. T. SPRAGUE, U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have had the honor to return my official reply to the demand of Major-General Pope, under instructions from Lieutenant-General Grant, for the surrender of this Department. An unofficial conversation ensued between us, in which I frankly admitted the force of recent events in the States east of the Mississippi, and you expressed a warm and benevolent desire to avoid further effusion of blood and the infliction of useless suffering upon the people. I had before your arrival convened the governors of the States composing my department for the purpose of consulting with them in reference to pubic affairs and questions more properly belonging to the civil than the

