
tered to their homes. Abandoned and mortified, left without either men or material, I feel powerless to do good for my country and humiliated by the acts of a people I was striving to benefit. The department is now open to occupation by your Government. The citizen and soldier alike, wary of war, are ready to accept the authority and yield obedience to the laws of the United States. A conciliatory policy, dictated by wisdom and administered with patient moderation, will insure peace and secure quiet. An opposite course will rekindle the flames of civil war with a fierceness and intensity unknown even in this sad and unfortunate struggle. I myself shall go aborad until the future policy of the United States Government toward the South is announced, and will return to my family only when I can do so with security to my life and person.

Thanking you for your kindness to my wife, I remain, colonel, your friend,

E. KIRBY SMITH.

P. S. -Since writing the above I have information that the Missouri and a portion of the Arkansas troops still retain their organization.

E. K. S.

APRIL 21-22, 1865. -Expedition from Donaldsonville to Bayou Goula, La.

Report of Major James M. Hildreth, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry.
HDQRS. DETACH. SIXTEENTH INDIANA MOUNTED INFTY.,Donaldsonville, La., April 22, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with instructions received, at 11 a. m. 21st instant I proceeded, with Companies B and K of my command, on a scout toward Bayou Goula for the purpose of capturing or destroying a small guerrilla band under Captain Brown. I had proceeded about ten miles when my advance guard discovered three of the enemy, who turned and fled when fired upon, after returning the fire. After chasing them about three miles we captured one of them at the Andrews plantation. Pursued the other two about ---- farther, when they left the river road and took to the swamps, leaving their horses, which fell into our hands. I then proceeded to Bayou Goula, arriving about dark. Found none of the guerilla band in the place. I then sent Lieutenant Weston with Company B back to Madam Randolph's lane to scour that neighborhood. With Company K I then proceeded to Mr. Ventress'; captured two men of Brown's command at his house. From Ventress'; I went to Madam Randolph's back plantation; searched the place thoroughly, but found nothing. I then went through a dense canebrake, which was almost impassable, to Richard Thompson's plantation. After searching the place and finding no enemy I returned to the river road by way of Madam Randolph's home plantation. In the meantime one of the prisoners was lost in the woods. In my opinion he will not be seen again in the vicinity of Bayou Goula. We captured on the trip 5 horses, 1 of which had to be left on the road, as he was so much run down that he was unable to travel; also captured 1 Burnside carbine and 3 revolvers. Arrived at camp at 12 m. to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HILDRETH,

Major Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry.

Lieutenant L. R. HALL,

Post Adjutant.

