
APRIL 21027, 1865. -Scout from Rolla toward Thomasville, Mo., with skirmish at Spring Valley (23rd).

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Colonel John Morrill, Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry, commanding District of Rolla.

Numbers 2. -Captain Frederick W. Becker, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John Morrill, Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry, commanding District of Rolla. HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Rolla, Mo., April 28, 1865.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that Captain Becker's company (M), Thirteenth Regiment Cavalry Missouri Veteran Volunteers, which I sent on a scout on the 21st instant toward Thomasville, Mo., returned last night. Captain Becker reports that a band of guerrillas attacked his company at Spring Valley, thirty miles south of Licking. He pursued them, and in a running fight killed eight guerrillas. No casualties on our side.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MORRILL,

Colonel Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry Volunteers, Commanding.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Frederick W. Becker, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry. CAMP THIRTEENTH MISSOURI CAVALRY VOLUNTEERS, Rolla, Mo., April 27, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to instructions from the colonel commanding district, I have the honor to make the following report:

On the morning of the 21st instant I left camp with my company, with five days' rations for men; marched to Licking, Mo. ; arrived there on the 22nd instant. On the morning of the 23rd I left with sixty-four men and marched south thirty miles and encamped in Spring Valley. About midnight a party of bushwhackers attempted to get in my camp, but were observed by the guards and fired upon. I sent a party on foot in the direction in which they fled and succeeded in killing two of the party. On the morning of the 24th instant I tracked the same part, I supposed, and followed them to Current River. There they separated. I captured two men, who were equipped and claimed to belong to the Confederate Army, Captain Orchard's company. They tried to escape and were killed by my men in the attempt. Encamped on Current River. On the 25th I marched in the direction of Thomasville some twenty miles. Finding that my horses were getting barefooted, and not being prepared to reshoe them, I returned to Current River. Killed 3 men that day; they were running from me; were mounted; 2 of their horses were killed, 1 captured; encamped on Sink-

