
ing Creek. On the 26th instant I sent a sergeant and ten men in the advance toward Black River. Two guerrillas ran from a house; one escaped and the other was killed. Some of my horses were getting lame, so I marched in direction of Rolla by the way of Meramec River. Arrived at Rolla on the evening of the 27th instant. I captured 5 horses and saddles, but was unable to bring 4, 2 being killed and 2 broke loose; 1 I have in my possession.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. W. BECKER,

Captain Company M, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry.

Lieutenant H. W. WERTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Rolla.

APRIL 22, 1865. -Skirmish near Linn Creek, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Colonel John Morrill, Sixty-fourth Infantry, commanding district of Rolla.

Numbers 2. -Major James M. Turley, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John Morrill, Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry, commanding District of Rolla. HEADQUARTERS, Rolla, April 23, 1865.

A scouting party just returned from Linn Creek to Waynesville reports the rebels attacked the militia near that place yesterday. Killed over seven of the men, wounded the captain, and stampeded the rest. There are about 200 rebels, in five parties, all going north. Ninety crossed the Osage last night below Linn Creek. I am making every effort to strike them. We need horses badly.

JOHN MORRILL,

Colonel.

Major-General DODGE.

Numbers 2. Report of Major James M. Turley, Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS POST OF WAYNESVILLE, Waynesville, Mo., April 23, 1865.

One of my scouts just returned from Linn Creek. The rebels attacked the militia near that place yesterday; killed seven of the men, wounded the captain, and stampeded the rest. I have Captain Moore and Lieutenant Kelley out in that out in that direction with scouts. I have not got enough men mounted to do the scouting that is necessary at this post. There are about 200 of the rebels, in four or five squads, all going north. Ninety crossed the Osage last night below Linn Creek.

J. M. TURLEY,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel JOHN MORRILL,

Commanding District of Rolla.

