
shore. The most of them had crossed. Then the firing commenced, which lasted some thirty minutes. They returned the fire for some time, but soon found out that they had different men to fight to what they had been fighting the day before. They had all the advantage of me. They took shelter under the banks of the river, and we charged them. A part of my men dismounted and went down the banks to rake up their old acquaintance. I saw twelve or fifteen afoot, and we had them hemmed so that they had no chance but to take the water or be killed, and that quick; their were two of them stripped off their clothes and one of them made it across the river. He was the only man that made it across that I saw. The river was very full and the current swift and cold. The number killed was 6 on the bank and 4 in the skiff. The skiff had six in it when it started; two of them got out of it on the shore and made their escape, and it floated off with four dead rebels and a load of saddles and blankets. I captured fifteen horses and some revolvers, though the most of them I think threw them in the river. In looking along the bank of the river Captain Chitwood found two rebels hidden under the water by the side of a log. One of the men who was with him fired and killed one. The other was Captain Martin. He stated if the whole command had him on the same side that they would have sold out to us in a different way. He stated there would be two more squads along in a few days, and also that Price's army was breaking up into small bands of from 50 to 100, and that when we ran across them they would sell out to us very dear. They were crossing the Osage at Mining Post, about eight miles below Linn Creek.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN SMALL,

Major-General Post at Lebanon, Mo.

Captain W. T. KITTREDGE,

Springfield, Mo.

APRIL 22-23, 1865. -Scout from Deer Creek to Sage Creek, Dak. Tern., and skirmish with Indians (22nd) on Sage Creek.

Report of Major Nathaniel A. Adams, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.

DEER CREEK, DAK. TER., April 24, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with instructions from Lieutenant-Colonel Baumer, commanding sub-district, I started north from this station at about 2 p. m. April 22, with thirty-five men, to overtake, if possible, a party of Indians who have been committing depredations on La Prelle Creek, and who are supposed to have gone north. I went into camp on Sage Creek, about twenty miles from this station, at sundown, not having crossed their trail up to that time. About 9 o'clock in the night we were attacked by a large party of Cheyenne and Sioux Indians, numbering from 50 to 100 warriors, well armed with guns and revolvers, but repulsed them, after a brisk fight of a few minutes, without loss to ourselves, owing, doubtless, to the Indians being on higher ground, causing most of their shots to pass over us. I think the Indians suffered considerable loss, but cannot tell how great, as they removed all their killed and wounded as soon as they fell. During the fight a part of our horses stampeded, five of

