
which we could not again found. Deeming it not prudent to remain where my position was so well known, I moved camp a short distance, after collecting what horses I could find, and sending to this station for re-enforcements, which reached me early in the morning on the 23rd, when I pursued the Indians with fifty mounted men until further pursuit was useless, as the Indians had scattered into small squads going north, northwest, and northeast, and east, when I returned to this station, having traveled between eighty and ninety miles.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. A. ADAMS,

Major, Commanding Second Battalion, Eleventh Kansas Vol. Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel P. B. PLUMB,

Commanding Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

APRIL 22027, 1865. -Scout from Dakota City, Neb. Ter., to Middle Bow River.

Report of Captain Zaremba Jackson, First Battalion Nebraska Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST DAKOTA,Dakota City, Neb., Ter., April 27, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with intentions as reported in my last, I went out on scout with a detachment of twenty-four men from headquarters this post, and having ordered Lieutenant J. M. Nosler, commanding Post Jackson, to meet me with fifteen men of his command on the headwaters of the East Bow River, I proceeded westerly up Elk Creek, thence southwest around the head of the South Fork of Iowa Creek; formed the junction with Lieutenant Nosler on the third day at the point designated. Proceeded thence west across the hills to the Wakapana Bow; thence up that stream about fifteen miles; thence west across the hills to Rocky Branch; thence down that stream ten miles; thence west along a fresh Indian trail to the West or Middle Bow River, where we captured the Indians (about thirty Omahas). They told of a party of Poncas about fifteen miles farther up the West Bow, which I also sent up and captured. I brought them to Post Jackson, where I had a talk with the Poncas, and having told them that this country was given me to protect, I should not allow any Indians to be roaming, capting, nor trapping in it, but should endeavor to keep them all, both hostile and friendly Indians, out of this country, as the settlers, in the present excited, unsettled state of affairs among the Indians, were afraid of them all and did not want any of them around the settlements. I then sent the Poncas toward their reserve. Having some charges against the Omahas, I brought them as prisoners to headquarters this post (Dakota) and sent them to their agency under a strong guard, with a copy of the accusations against them. Upon arriving within the limits of their reserve the Indians claimed that they were on their own lands, and we had nothing further to do with them, and as they did not want to meet their agents as prisoners, refused to go; but a spirited application of halter, strap, and boot toes caused them to resume their march, and they were delivered to Colonel R. W. Furnas, U. S. military agent. While out on the scout the weather was very cold and stormy, first rain, then snow fell to three inches depth, and t severe. Not-

