
withstanding all these we continued our search, traveled a wild country without roads, built our bridges, cut down hills, and worked our way as we encountered obstructions. Was out six days and traveled about 200 miles, exclusive of guarding the Indians to the Omaha Agency.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Z. JACKSON,

Captain, First Battalion Nebraska Vet. Cav., Commanding Post.

ADDENDA.

OMAHA AGENCY, April 27, 1865.

Captain Z. JACKSON,

Commanding Post Dakota:

SIR: I hereby acknowledge the receipt, at the hands of Sergeant McNatt, party of Omahas you arrested and sent down. Rest assured that I will not my duty in regard to the matter and endeavor to secure for the injured parties a just remuneration. Will you inform the injured parties, Donalan and Ryan, to send in their bills for damages claimed? Have them fix the sum at the actual value of property lost and destroyed, and I will endeavor to have it allowed as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

R. W. FURNAS,

U. S. Indian Agent.

APRIL 23, 1865. -Affair near Fort Zarah, Kans.

Reports of Lieutenant Richard W. Jenkins, Second Colorado Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Zarah, Kans., April 23, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General JAMES H. FORD,

Fort Larned, Kans.:

GENERAL: The inclosed dispatch just received from Lieutenant Jenkins, who left here yesterday noon with twenty-five men to escort Kintchen's train to Cow Creek. I instructed the lieutenant to abandon the train at Cow Creek and bring the coach, which would be due there about the train he arrived, to this post.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. PRITCHARD,

Major, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure.]

FIVE MILES BELOW BULWARK BUTTES, April 23, 1865.

SIR: I send by messenger to inform you that the train under my charge was attacked about daybreak this morning. Five Mexicans are missing; four of them have been found killed and scalped. The men that are killed were driving the cang yardee, or heard, just behind the train. No one saw the Indians, or heard of it, until two Mexicans came up that went to sleep on heard last night and were left behind this morning. They found two men lying by the side of the road and reported it. The train was in advance of me, having left about 1 o'clock this morning, contrary to positive orders not to start until after daylight. I have the train all together now, and shall keep it so until

