
I get to Cow Creek. I saw one Indian to the north of me about one hour ago. The herders have just come in and report seeing two Indians south of us. I write this on my knee; I don't know whether you can read it.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

R. W. JENKINS,

First Lieutenant-General, Second Colorado Cavalry.

Major J. L. PRITCHARD.

FOR ZARAH, KANS., April 24, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report for the information of the major commanding the post:

Pursuant to instructions received from him April 22, 1865, I left here with twenty-five enlisted men at 1 p. m. of that day to escort a train to Cow Creek, on the Santa Fe road. I marched seven miles and found the train encamped, and also went into camp near them for the night, and gave orders to the wagon-master of train not to move until daylight of the 23rd of April. I prepared for the march at sunrise, and then found that the train had moved between 1 and 2 a. m. Proceeding immediately down the road about nine miles, I found the loose stock belonging to the train near the road and the herdsmen (four Mexicans) killed and scalped. I soon learned from the men with the train that they had started about 1 a. m., driving the loose stock in advance. The men in charge of the stock stopped near the Plum Butters and built a fire; about daylight the wagons passed them. Soon after a party of Indians, supposed to be some fourteen or fifteen in number, dashed upon them and killed and scalped the four herdsmen. No one belonging to the train saw the transaction, and no one of the herders escaped alive to tell the tale. Having buried the murdered Mexicans, I went on and escorted the train to Cox Creek. April 24, 1865: I left Cow Creek this morning at 9 a. m. with the mail stage, and escorting it to this post, we arrived at Fort Zarah at 1. 30 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JENKINS,

First Lieutenant Company I, Second Colorado Cav., Commanding Escort.

APRIL 23, 1865- Skirmish on Snake Creek, Ark.

Report of Colonel William A. Phillips, Third Indian Home Guard (Kansas) Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SEVENTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Gibson, C. N., April 25, 1865.

SIR: The first rebel scout, consisting of eighteen men, trying to push through to Benton County, Ark., with a rebel mail, was met by a scouting party from this place on Snake Creek, fifty-eighth miles west-southwest, on the 23rd instant. A company of infantry was some miles behind them. The scouts killed three rebels, left dead on the field; they suppose they wounded several others. The rebel mail was captured, and the fragments of the party driven back again. The rebels left Boggy Depot on the 16th. One citizen scout was shot above the knee, not dangerously. Grand River has been very high; is still high, though falling. Verdigris is also up. As the only way of crossing Arkansas River at present is high up, I am watching my right flank

