
closely. In addition to the troops and scouts already out there, I sent off two other companies, under Captain Anderson, last night. I have instructed them to watch the river as far as the Cimarron.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General BUSSEY,

Commanding Third Division, Seventh Army Corps.

APRIL 24, 1865. - Skirmish near Boggy Depot, Ind. Ter.

Report of Brigadier General Cyrus Bussey, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, Seventh Army Corps.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,Fort Smith, April 27, 1865. (Received 11. 15 a. m. 28th.)

Twenty rebels going north from Boggy Depot were attacked by my scouts fifty miles south three days since and three rebels killed and a small mail captured. The letters all speak of a combined movement of the rebel army to Missouri, to start about the 1st of May - 33,000 infantry and 7,000 cavalry under Kirby Smith, Price, Parsons, Shelby, and company; at the same time a large force of wild Indians were to move into Kansas from Fort Arbuckle. An order was read to the rebel troops at Boggy announcing that General lee had assumed command of all the Confederate forces, and that there was no hope of peace, except to fight for it. The letters were written by soldiers, and the reports are mere camp rumors. A letter from a rebel paymaster states that Stand Watie is coming up to cross the Arkansas River as soon as grass will subsist their horses, and that their horses would arrive at Boggy from forage camps in Texas by the 25th instant. They had no news of the capture of Richmond or Lee's army. I have scouts in that direction. I expect a considerable force will soon be up this way, but have no idea the rebel army will try to go to Missouri. In my opinion the line of the Arkansas should be strengthened by the addition of more troops, if they can be had.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding Military Division of the Missouri.

APRIL 24, 1865. - Skirmish near Miami, Mo.

Report of Colonel Chester Harding, Jr., Forty-third Mississippi Infantry, commanding District of Central Missouri.

WARRENSBURG, April 26, 1865-9. 30 p. m.

Captain Felker, Company A, Forty-eighth Wisconsin, reports that on the 24th

Colonel, &c.

Major BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

