
APRIL 24, 1865. - Destruction of the Confederate Steamer Webb.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Acting Rear-Admiral Henry K. Thatcher, U. S. Navy.

Numbers 2. - Allan Pinkerton.

Numbers 3. - Lieutenant Jonathan H. Carter, C. S. Navy.

Numbers 1. Report of Acting Rear-Admiral Henry K. Thatcher, U. S. Navy. NAVAL HEADQUARTERS, [April 24, 1865.]

I have the pleasure of informing you that the ram Webb, when about twenty-five miles below here, at a place called McCall's Point, on the left bank of the river, [was] chased by the Hollyhock and headed off by the Richmond. She had 250 bales of cotton and a quantity of turpentine and rosin, and was commanded by C. W. Read, formerly of the U. S. Navy. All escaped to the brush except two, now prisoners of war on board the Lackawanna. She had three guns, and was trying to run the blockade. Further particulars will be obtained from the prisoners. A few men of the infantry would soon take every man. Forty-five were on board, all told. They ran her up high and dry. At 4. 30 she blew up.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

H. K. THATCHER,

Acting Rear-Admiral.

P. S. - She had three guns and was struck twice by our guns in passing the city. Meeting the Richmond alone caused here destruction.

Major General E. R. S. CANBY.

Numbers 2. Report of Allan Pinkerton. HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, New Orleans, April 25, 1865.

COLONEL: On the 24th instant the rebel ram Webb passed New Orleans under rebel colors and was pursued by the U. S. gun-boat Hollyhock. About twenty-five miles below the city, having come in sight of the U. S. gun-boat Richmond, the Webb was set on fire by her officers and then ran ashore on the left bank of the Mississippi. The officers and crew then abandoned her, endeavoring to make their escape, fifteen of whom afterward surrendered to the U. S. authorities as prisoners of war and were brought under guard to your office. I have the honor to report that three of the fifteen, being apparently the most intelligent, viz, George Price, pilot; John C. Osborne, paymaster's steward, and J. C. Hines, hospital steward, were, at your request, examined by me, and stated that the rebel ram Webb left Shreveport, La., on the 7th instant, going down the Red River, here destination not being known to any of the crew, all information on this point being carefully withheld from the men. About fifteen days before the departure of the Webb from Shreveport, where she had been lying in port for the last two years, her officers were changed, here crew only remain-

