
shots were fired after her, three of which struck her, the first entering her bow about a foot above water, deranging the fixtures by which the torpedo was attached to the bows, swinging it around and under the Webb, thereby endangering the safety of the boat, so that she was stopped and the torpedo cut loose. This did not occupy more than two or three minutes. The second shot passed the chimney, severing one of the chains by which it was supported, and wounding a man slightly by a flying link of the severed chain. The third shot struck a bale of cotton and did little or no damage. As soon as the first shot was fired at the Webb the U. S. flag was lowered and the rebel flag raised, by order of Captain Read. the Webb was then followed by U. S. gun-boat. It was the intention of the officers of the Webb to wait until dark before attempting to pass Forts Jackson and Saint Phillip, and it was decided by them that they would turn back and capture the pursuing gun-boat, which would occupy their time until dark, but unexpectedly coming in sight of the U. S. sloop of war Richmond the order was given to turn the boat up the river, and after some deliberation the Webb was set on fire by the officers and crew and ran ashore. As soon as she was ashore the Richmond and the pursuing gun-boat commenced firing on her.

After the officers and crew had got safely tot he shore Captain Read advised them to separate, as they would be thus less liable to capture, and, acting upon this suggestion, the aforesaid George price, J. C. Hines, and John C. Osborne, together with twelve others, endeavored to make their escape through the country, but finding it difficult to wade the Louisiana swamps, became disgusted with the enterprise and concluded to surrender themselves prisoners of war to the U. S. authorities. Lieutenant-Commanding Read is about twenty-five years of age, five feet seven inches high, sandy complexion, slim build, light hair, sandy whiskers, and no mustache. Lieutenant Wall is about twenty-five years of age, five feet seven inches high, light complexion, brown hair, and clean shaved. Smith, Marsh, and Lewis were engineers: Price and Lewis were pilots; Blanc was master. The first names of those parties was not remembered. J. C. Hines, the hospital steward, states that in one of the Confederate hospitals at Shreveport, where he was stationed, there were 200 patients, and that sickness prevailed to a considerable extent in the Confederate army. The statements of the aforesaid three prisoners harmonized upon all the material points, and they further stated that the sentiment of the people, as far as they had observed, in regard to the rebellion was divided, some looking upon the Southern Confederacy as a failure and others expressing a wish to continue the war.

All of which is respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

ALLAN PINKERTON.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. WOOD,

Provost-Marshal-General, Mil. Div. of West Miss., New Orleans.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Jonathan H. Carter, C. S. Navy. C. S. STEAMER MISSOURI, Alexandria, La., April 28, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to state that the C. S. steamer Webb, commanded by Lieutenant C. W. Read, left this place at 4 a. m. on the 23rd

