
instant for the purpose of proceeding to sea via New Orleans. I have since learned that she succeeded in passing New Orleans, but twenty-four miles below that place she met the U. S. steamer Richmond. The Richmond fired a broadside into the Webb, when Lieutenant Read ran the latter into the left bank, set her on fire, and succeeded in escaping with all of his officers and crew, except two of the latter, who were captured by the enemy. The vessel was a total loss. No further information has reached me. The Missouri is still at this place, but as the military authorities manifest a disposition to abandon lower Red River I shall be compelled, perhaps, to move up the river. it is my present intention to select some point above where the river is narrow and where the Missouri will be much more formidable than she is at this place. The surrender of General Lee has produced much demoralization in this department, but I am gratified to state that it is limited to those who are not in the army.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. CARTER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Naval Defenses, Western Louisiana.

Honorable S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy.

ADDENDA.

C. S. STEAMER WEBB,

Alexandria, Red River, April 22, 1865.

Honorable R. S. MALLORY,

Secretary of the Navy:

SIR: In pursuance of the instructions given me by you, I have reported, together with the officers ordered with me, to Lieutenant Commanding Jonathan Carter for duty on this vessel. Accordingly, I took command of this ship, relieving Lieutenant Commanding J. L. Philips on the 31st ultimo. On assuming command I found the vessel totally unprepared for the service upon which I was ordered to take her, without a single gun on board, little or no crew, no fuel, and no small-arms save a few cutlasses, and as the vessel was some eight miles below Shreveport on her way here I was obliged to return to the first-named place, where I expected to obtain all my wants from General Kirby Smith, commanding this department. I was not deceived in my hopes of General Smith's assistance, that general immediately issuing orders for every facility to be given me toward the fitting out of the vessel. From him I procured one 30-pounder Parrott, for a bow pivot, and two small iron 12-pounders that may serve me in bringing to vessels, &amp;c. Carpenters were obtained and hastened in their work, as the rapid fall of this river made me apprehensive of serious impediment to the future execution of my instructions. On returning down the river I filled up every available place in the ship with wood, not finding more than one days' coal, which, together with the wood, will give me fuel for about five days. I have likewise taken on board 190 bales of cotton, which serves as a very efficient shield to the machinery, backed as it is by twelve inches of pine bulkheads entirely surrounding the engine room. The great amount of wood I have been obliged to stow with the cotton causes and average draft of nine and a half feet, about two feet more than when light. This increase in depth immerses the buckets on the wheels so much as to enforce the necessity of lifting much weight in the passage of the buckets from the water up, thus impeding the progress of the vessel a little, which could be gotten over had I

