
the time to shift the buckets a few inches farther up the wheel arms. Accompanying is a roll of the officers and men now on board. * I regret the necessity of leaving without Lieutenants Roby and McDermett and Assistant Paymaster Vasser, who have not yet reported, though long since ordered. I have but two engineers understanding the machinery of the vessel, and two young third assistants, whom I cannot trust alone in the engine room for some time as yet. The two former will, therefore, be obliged to remain on watch whilst going out and whilst the double engines are unconnected, it not being advisable to work them connected when there exists a probability for rapid maneuvering. When going, through Mobile I applied to Flag Officer Farrand for two engineers, there then being several on no important duty; but that officer showed so little disposition to grant my request that I was obliged to proceed without them, notwithstanrick, chief engineer of the station, informed me that those for whom I had applied could easily be spared. Thus apprised of my condition, you will be enabled to better account for any accident that may result from the step I propose taking to-night, starting from this point down, so as to reach the mouth of the Red in time to commence the down-ward passage of the Mississippi to-morrow about 8 p. m. Off the mouth of the Red lie the Tennessee, Manhattan (monitor), and Lafayette, iron-clads, and one boiler-iron plated gun-boat, the Gazelle. The distance from the mouth of the Red to the mouth of the Mississippi is about 300 miles, and at regular distances in most of this length there are one or two of the enemy's gun-boats. To be the first to notify these of my approach si my chief aim; toward effecting this I have arranged with General Thomas to cut the wires as far down as Plaquamine by 8 p. m. to-morrow. I shall myself cut the wires below that place, and shall take every precaution to prevent the forts (Jackson and Saint Phillip) from being informed of my movements, as these formidable fortifications will have to be passed in daylight. As I will have to stake everything upon speed and time, I will not attack any vessel in the passage unless I perceive a possibility of her arresting my progress. In this event I am prepared with five torpedoes (100 pounds), one of which I hold shipped on its pole on the bow. The cipher key to my future communications with you has been placed in the hands of Lieutenant Commanding Jonathan Carter, who will forward the same. I must acknowledge the readiness with which Lieutenant Commanding Carter has answered to my applications for assistance.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. READ,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

Captain Carter had in view some time since the movement which I now propose to make. He had the torpedoes completed, and the lumber to make the necessary bulkheads was being sawed. These preparations were of great assistance to me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. READ,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Forwarded by your obedient servant,

J. H. CARTER,

Lieutenant, Commanding Naval District, Western Louisiana.

---------------

*Nominal roll, omitted, shows 17 officers and 51 men.

---------------

