
APRIL 25, 1865. - Scout from Pine Bluff to Rodgers' Plantation, Ark., with skirmish at Rodgers' Plantation.

Report of Captain Samuel W. Mallory, Sixty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops, Provost-Marshal.

PINE BLUFF, ARK., April 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN; In compliance with your request of this date, I have the honor to make the following report:

On the 25th instant I started with Lieutenant Kennedy and twenty-six men of the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry. Arrived at John Taylor's plantation about 11 a. m., where I met Lieutenant Ferris and Captain Young, who informed me that Lieutenant Dixon, with seven men (rebels), had gone up Bayou Bartholomew. Here Captain Young joined me, when I proceeded directly to Busby's Bridge, and found the party had an hour the start of me. I crossed as soon as possible and proceeded to the Widow Davis', where I learned that no party had passed there. I then struck across the country to one Rodgers', where I overtook Lieutenant Dixon with his party, when a slight skirmish ensued, resulting in the capture of two Confederates and seriously wounding another; took two horses from the enemy and recovered two negroes and two horses captured by the enemy in the morning of the same day. Returned with prisoners to Busby's Bridge and recrossed; took down the bayou; came out on the main road at McGhee's, where I learned that Captain Kidd with sixteen men had boilers, which he seems to have been aware was going forward, and which it has not yet been decided positively was not the cause of the disaster. Lieutenant W. H. Tillinghast, Sixty-sixth U. S. Colored Infantry, was the only other officer connected with this service, but he had no directing control. It is shown by his own testimony that a bribe was proffered to him to induce him to use his influence in having some of the troops shipped on the Pauline Carroll, which he showed a willingness to accept - at least he did not reject it- and which he failed to report until after the loss of the Sultana. The testimony of the four officers above referred to is very contradictory, and I have formed my opinion from the general tenor of the testimony and the circumstances of the embarkation. Brigadier General M. L. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, had command of the District of Vicksburg at the time, but he had nothing officially to do with the shipment of the troops; yet as it was officially reported to him by Captain Kerns

