
red-hot iron, which produces an effect like the firing of gunpowder in a mine, and the destruction of the boilers and the boat that carries them is the consequence.

The reports and testimony show that there were 1,866 troops on board the boat, including 33 paroled officers, 1 officer who had resigned, and the captain in charge of the guard. Of these, 765, including 16 officers, were saved, and 1,101, including 19 officers, were lost. There were 70 cabin passengers and 85 crew on board, of whom some 12 to 18 were saved, giving a loss of 137, making the total loss 1,238. I have the honor to submit herewith the following papers in support of the foregoing opinions, viz: Testimony taken before the court of inquiry ordered by Major-General Washburn, marked A; * testimony taken before the commission ordered by Major-General Dana, marked B; * testimony taken by myself, including testimony of Captain James M. McCown, Sixth Kentucky Cavalry, taken before Colonel Badeau, of General Grant staff, marked C; * and the report of Major-general Dana, commanding Department of the Mississippi, marked D. +

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HOFFMAN,

Bvt. Brigadier General, U. S. Army, Commissary-General of Prisoners.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General Joseph Holt, Judge-Advocate-General, U. S. Army. BUREAU OF MILITARY JUSTICE, June 21, 1865.

The following report in the case of Captain Frederic Speed, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, is respectfully submitted: ++

Captain Speed was tried at Vicksburg, Miss., the trial commencing January 9, 1866, and terminating June 5, under the following charge: Neglect of duty, to the prejudice of good order and military discipline. Specification 1 alleges, in substance, that accused "being charged by major-General Dana, commanding Department of Mississippi, with the duty of receiving certain officers and men in the military service of the United States, paroled as prisoners of war" by the Confederate authorities, and also being charged with the duty of superintending the transfer of said paroled prisoners from Four-Mile Bridge, near Vicksburg, to Jefferson Barracks, Mo., "did neglect to avail himself of the services of Captain R. B. Hatch, assistant quartermaster, chief quartermaster of Department of Mississippi, and Captain W. F. Kerns, assistant quartermaster, in charge of water transportation at Vicksburg, in procuring the necessary and safe transportation for the said paroled prisoners up the Mississippi River, but did himself assume to discharge the duties properly belonging to the aforesaid officers of the quartermaster's department by deciding and directing that a large detachment of said paroled prisoners, about 1,886 in number, should be transported northward in one steamer, the Sultana, against the advice and remonstrances of the aforesaid officers," thus greatly overloading the said steamer,

---------------

*Omitted.

+See p. 210.

++The general court-martial for the trial of Captain Speed was convened by paragraph II, Special Orders, Numbers 89, Department of Mississippi, November 1, 1865.

---------------

