
[Second indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded to Colonel Kappner for his remarks.

He will report the name of the officer who is represented to have acted so disgracefully.

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FORT PICKERING,Memphis, Tenn., May 1, 1865.

Respectfully returned, and attention invited to the inclosed statements of Captain L. Methudy, acting assistant adjutant-general; Senior Surg. H. H. Hood, Captain D. C. Mooney, Third U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy), field officer of the day, Lieutenant D. P. Yates, Third U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy), and Captain George H. Stevens. *

Lieutenant D. P. Yates, the officer who conversed with Acting Ensign Berry, denies the correctness of the ensign's statement, and from my personal knowledge I can say that the rescued were as well cared for as possible, the injured receiving medical attendance, and all whisky, coffee, meat, and bread, and that the ensign's statement to the contrary is a misrepresentation. Nearly 100 men were landed on five or six different places along the shore in the fort, and the reason why not more than two or three skiffs from the fort were out is that there are no more here.

I. G. KAPPNER,

Colonel 3rd U. S. Colored Arty. (Heavy), Commanding Fort and Troops Attached.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS FORT PICKERING,Memphis, Tenn., April 29, 1865.

Colonel I. G. KAPPNER,

Commanding Fort Pickering:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following statement:

At about 4 a. m. on the 27th instant it was reported to me by one of the orderlies that a number of boats and skiffs were going down the river with persons in them who had lanterns. Lieutenant Copeland, aide-de-camp, went down to the river immediately. I was stopped on my way down by two sailors, who made me acquainted with the unfortunate event, and asked me to send whisky to the landing for those of the people who had been or were being rescued. I had not whisky to distribute, but gave orders that a sufficient amount of hot coffee to be made immediately, which order was cheerfully executed by the orderlies (who are negroes) and then went on down to the river. I met Lieutenant Wilson, of Company A, Third U. S. Colored Artillery (Heavy), who informed me that his men, who are quartered on the levee, were out and were attending to those who were rescued by the employees of the quartermaster's department under Mr. Hare. Lieutenant Wilson asked me whether I could get any whisky for the men, and I advised him to get coffee made for them, as I did not think it could be got at short notice. He told me that coffee was then being made at his barracks. Upon arriving at the levee (which was not later than ten to twelve minutes after I received the first notice) I found Lieutenant

---------------

*Captain Stevens' statement not found.

---------------

