
[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

FORT PICKERING,

Memphis, Tenn., April 29, 1865.

Captain L. METHUDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Pickering:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions received, I have the honor to make the following statement regarding a memorial of acting ensign and executive officer of the U. S. iron-clad Essex, who makes allegations in his document which are in violation of truth, as by numerous officers and men stationed in the fort can easily be proved:

Early in the morning of the 27th instant a shot was fired by one of the sentries on shore. I immediately went out to ascertain the cause of it, which was apparent in a moment. All the men (some thirty or forty), Lieutenant Wilson, and myself rendered instantly such assistance as we could for the poor sufferers. After two or three small boats had delivered rescued men, and a good fire, under my orders, had been built, Captain Methudy, acting assistant adjutant-general, suggested that coffee be furnished them, saying that he had ordered some made at the headquarters. I immediately ordered coffee made, then gave them all the whisky and blankets happening to be on hand, and three or four of the most suffering had been carried into the barracks and covered warmly, and the remainder had likewise been provided with blankets and clothing to make all comfortable; then a boat neared us and one of the persons in it spoke to me in a manner which approached more to 'slang" than to the remarks set forth in the document referred to above. Some of the men (negroes) to whom he also addressed himself said it would be well tp put his sufferers (one or two, I believe) ashore that they might be better cared for, but for some reason or other he took no notice of the suggestion. Where he built or caused to be built any fires is not known to me; certainly it was not done on that part of the levee where a large number of the rescued were landed. After making (under instructions from Surgeon Hood and the officer of the day, Captain Mooney) the men who had been landed quite comfortable, I went up the shore a short distance, where I met Colonel Kappner, Surgeon Hood, another surgeon, and Lieutenant Copeland, aide-de-camp, who informed me that all the sufferers were doing well. I have to state that our sentinels are instructed to bring to all small boats passing up or down the river, by discharging their pieces, and on the morning in question to a cap was snapped after the sad accident was known; also, that I did not make such a reply as stated by Acting Ensign Berry. The discourteous language by that officer in regard to an officer of the U. S. Army and to U. S. soldiers, if even colored, in his memorial, also the fact that he so fully explains the leading part taken by him in rescuing the suffering, are not for me to pass judgment upon; but I owe it to the officers and men of the garrison of Fort Pickering who were present and used their honest efforts to render all assistance in their power to state that the document forwarded by Acting Ensign Berry is in no way in accordance with facts. I beg respectfully to inclose a list of names of men who were landed in front of my quarters, many of whom thanked me for what we had done for them when they were being taken away in the ambulances.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL P. YATES,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Company A, Third U. S. Colored Artillery.

15 R R - VOL XLVIII, PT I

