
[Sub-inclosure.]

Second Lieutenant J. N. Shaffer, Company F, One hundred and fifteenth Ohio Infantry; First Sergt. C. W. Mills, Company K, Tenth Indiana Cavalry; Sergt. William Duke, Company D, Seventy-second Ohio Infantry; Sergt. L. E. Brooks, Company C, Second Michigan Cavalry; Corpl. William H. Peacock, Company G, Ninth Indiana Cavalry; Private S. W. Wescott, Company B, McLaughlin's Squadron Ohio Cavalry; Private James Moore, Company A, One hundred and seventy-fifth Ohio Infantry; Private Joseph Nolen, Company H, Fourth Ohio Cavalry; Private James E. Wood, Company C, Third Tennessee Cavalry; Private R. T. Hall, Company C, Second Kentucky Cavalry.

APRIL 27, 1865. - Affair near James Creek, Mo.

Report of Colonel John D. Allen, Fifteenth Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH REGIMENT CAVALRY MISSOURI VOLS.,Mount Vernon, Mo., April 29, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the success of a scout made by Lieutenant J. P. Boyd, Company C, with thirteen men, on the 27th instant. On the night of the 26th two bushwhackers made their appearance on Center Creek and robbed Parson Oliver. The lieutenant started in pursuit at 9 o'clock next morning and trailed them some four miles west of James Creek. In the thick brush he found them. Killed both of them and recovered all the stolen property, together with their camp and garrison equipage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. ALLEN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain WILLIAM T. KITTREDGE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Springfield, Mo.

APRIL 28 - MAY 13, 1865. - Scout from Fort Cummings, N. Mex.

Report of Captain George A. Burkett, First California Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Cummings, N. Mex., May 20, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions received from you in a letter from Aqua Blanca, dated April 28, 1865, stating that the Indians at Pinos Altos were hostile and had or would attack that place, I left this post with thirty men of Company G, First Veteran Infantry California Volunteers, at 4 p. m., and arrived at your camp at the Hot Spring at 11 p. m. same day, having raveled a distance of twenty-five miles. Left camp at 2 a. m. 29th, and arrived at Pinos Altos at 3 a. m. on the 30th. I had seen no Indians up to that time. I learned from Mr. Granjean, who resides at that place, that no Indians had been seen since the afternoon of the 28th, when they made an attack on the herd with the loss of one Indian killed. I left Pinos Altos on the night of the 1st of May; found the Indian trail six miles to the west of Pinos Altos; followed the trail to the San Vincent ranch; camped till the night of the 2nd; left at 7 p. m. The trail after leaving the ranch went in the direction of Mangus Colorado's Ranch, toward the Gila River. After following it about four miles and a half it became so dim that I had to

