
camp for the remainder of the night. I found water in a ravine near the camp. The next morning at daylight the guide found the trail. It turned off in the direction of the Burro Mountains. I went across to the left side of the Burros and followed an old Indian trail; camped in a canon. Left camp on the 4th at 7 p. m. At 1 a. m. of the 5th arrived at the east side of Whitlock's Canon; here I camped till morning, when I took twenty men and passed through the canon. I found the trail going straight for the Sierra Bonito. I followed it for two hours and found that fifteen Indians (men) had left the main trail and gone in the direction of Barney's Station. I became satisfied that the women and children had gone to Fort Goodwin, confirming the opinion I had expressed to you at the Hot Spring in relation to their journey to Fort Goodwin. Thinking it useless to go farther, I turned back and arrived at Pinos Altos on the 7th, and carried out your instructions in relation to the arrest of Carlos MoreNumbers On the 10th, I sent out Sergeant Barton with fifteen men and gave him instructions to proceed to the headwaters of the Rio Mimbres and ascertain if there were any Indians in that direction. The sergeant made the sign of Indians. He arrived at this post on the 14th. I left Pinos Altos on the 10th, and arrived at this post on the 13th, having been out fifteen days. The Indians sent their women and children away the same day you left your camp at Pinos Altos, so that the Indians had four days the start of me. Had they not gone to Fort Goodwin I think I could have caught them.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. BURKETT,

Captain, First Veteran Infty. California Vols., Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel N. H. DAVIS,

Assistant Inspector-General, U. S. Army, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

MAY 22, 1865.

Pursuant to instructions received from you on the 13th instant, I dispatched a sergeant and four men on the 17th to Pinos Altos to arrest the men mentioned. The sergeant returned on the 21st, bringing them with him. Their names are Panacho Cario and Ferinomo Contreras.

G. A. B.

APRIL 29-JUNE 11, 1865. - Expedition from Saint Louis, Mo., to receive the surrender of Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, C. S. Army.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Major General Greenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Missouri.

Numbers 2. - Lieutenant Colonel Charles W. Davis, Fifty-first Illinois Infantry, Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Greenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Missouri. HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., June 24, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with telegraphic instructions received from Major-General Pope, of date April

