
captured 7 prisoners, one of them a lieutenant, all of whom we sent to Devall's Bluff by boat. We also captured 407 head of cattle, 330 of which number were sent by boat to Devall's Bluff, and the balance consumed or brought into Brownsville. We also captured and brought in horses and mules. The conduct of the officers and men of the command was, with some exceptions, generally good.

To the officers of my staff, Captain F. F. Burlock, Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant J. J. See, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant M. Santee, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, acting assistant quartermaster, and Lieutenant T. B. Horn, Eighth Missouri Cavalry, acting commissary of subsistence, I am greatly indebted for the zeal and ability with which they discharged their respective duties at all times during the scout, which in every respect was the most fatiguing and harassing one I ever made.

I have the honor, lieutenant, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. GEIGER,

Colonel Eighth Missouri Cavalry,

Commanding Third Brigade, Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps.

Lieutenant W. A. MARTIN,

Actg. Asst. Adj. General, Cavalry Division, Seventh Army Corps.

JANUARY 7, 1865. -Skirmishes with Indians at Valley Station and Julesburg, Colo. Ter.

REPORTS.

No. 1. -Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Kansas.

No. 2. -Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, commanding District of Colorado.

No. 1. Report of Major General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army, commanding Department of Kansas. FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., January 9, 1865-6. 10 p. m.

A large Indian force, estimated from 500 to 1,500, attacked stages on Platte route on the 7th, and a severe fight ensued; Colonel Sumners and Major O'Brien in command. Indians finally repulsed. Our loss, 15; enemy, 30, including chief commanding.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.

No. 2. Report of Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, commanding District of Colorado. DENVER, January 7, 1865.

Indians attacked train at Valley Station; burned. Killed some 12 men. Attacked train at Julesburg. Were driven off. Two killed

