
able points that he could collect his command, on account of the high stage of water and the destitute condition of the country, and so late a date as the 5th proximo at Jacksonport, because General Thompson satisfied us that he could not get word to his forces west of the White River and assemble them before that time. General Thompson said that he should surrender at least 5,000 men. It may be more or less, and I am unable to give an opinion which. These men will come in without a morsel to eat, and I would therefore recommend that 50,000 rations be sent to the points designated to feed them while being paroled and while they are returning to their homes. We impressed upon general Thompson as well as we could the importance of his men giving up all the arms and property taken from the enemy if they wished not to be troubled hereafter. General Thompson assured us that he would do all he could in the matter, and as an earnest of his good intention furnished us with a copy of the order that he should issue to his command. Inclosed please find a copy, marked P. In conclusion, I desire to say that Brevet Brigadier-General Beveridge gave us all the assistance we desired; that the Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry behaved as well as any troops could behave, and that Lieutenant-Colonel Tiedemann has our thanks for constructing the raft on the Saint Francis River.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

[Inclosure A.]

CHALK BLUFF, ARK., May 5, 1865.

Brigadier General M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Commanding District of Northeast Arkansas:

GENERAL: I am here as a staff officer of Major-General Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, under a flag of truce, as the bearer of a letter from Major-General dodge to yourself. My instructions are to deliver it to you in person, and as quickly as possible. I have the honor, therefore, to request that you will meet me as near this point as you can. My mission is purely of a peaceful nature.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

The original, of which this is a copy, was sent to Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson by the hand of Mr. Little, a citizen of Arkansas.

[Inclosure B.]

CHALK BLUFF, ARK.,

Saint Francis River, May 6, 1865.

Brigadier General M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Commanding Army of Northeast Arkansas:

GENERAL: I am here by command of Major-General Dodge, commanding Department of the Missouri, as the bearer of a letter from him to yourself. This letter I am directed to deliver to you personally. I am here under flag of truce, and wish to meet you in the same manner as soon as possible. This will be handed to you by Captain J. F. Bennett, who is also an officer on the staff of Major-General Dodge.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

