
[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTH SUB-DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Harrisburg, Ark., May 7, 1865-2 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. DAVIS, U. S. Army,

Bearer of Flag of Truce, Chalk Bluff, Ark.:

COLONEL: Your favor dated the 5th instant, informing me that you are the bearer of dispatches from General Dodge to me under flag of truce, is this moment received. I will proceed up the ridge to meet you as you request, and will be at Gainesville by Monday, the 8th, at noon. Please come to Gainesville and await my arrival there; but should I reach that point before you will proceed up the ridge until I meet you on the route between Gainesville and Chalk Bluff.

I have the honor to be, yours, most respectfully,

J. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure D.]

CHALK BLUFF, May 9, 1865-4 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. DAVIS, U. S. Army,

Present:

COLONEL: Having read the communication from General Dodge, of which you have been the bearer under flag of truce, asking a surrender of the forces under my command upon the terms granted to General Robert E. Lee by General Grant, I must ask a few questions before I can give a definite answer, viz: First. Should I order the men to assemble to surrender at specified times and places, will your army then have to pass over our country or simply move to the points designated to receive and parole the officers and men? Second. Will the families of those who prefer to leave after being paroled be banished? Third. Do you understand the parole given to General Lee's men to cover their private personal property at home or not? I mean, may the private soldiers retain the horses that belong to them personally, and will their answering these questions, how long a time will you give me for a definite answer to General Dodge's proposition?

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding North Sub-District of Arkansas.

[Inclosure E.]

CHALK BLUFF, SAINT FRANCIS RIVER, MO.,

Tuesday, May 9, 1865-5 p. m.

Brigadier General M. JEFF. THOMPSON, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: In answer to yours of this day I would say: First. Our army will not necessarily move over the country, but simply to the points designated to receive and parole the officers and men. Second. No families will be banished so long as they conduct themselves properly and conform to the laws of the United States. Third. I believe General Grant permitted General Lee's men to retain all private personal property except arms and ammunition. Fourth. I will allow you forty-eight hours for a definite answer to General Dodge's proposition.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

