
[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]

APPOMATTOX COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 9, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding C. S. Army:

GENERAL: In accordance with the substance of my letter to you of the 8th instant, I propose to receive the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia on the following terms, to wit: Rolls of all the officers and men to be made in duplicate, one copy to be given to an officer designated by me, the other to be retained by such officer or officers as you may designate. The officers to give their individual paroles not to take up arms against the Government of the United States until properly exchanged, and each company or regimental commander to sign a like parole for the men of their commands. The arms, artillery, and public property to be parked and stacked and turned over to the officers appointed by me to receive them. This will not embrace to side arms of the officers, nor their private horses or baggage. This done, each officer and man will be allowed to return to his home and not to be disturbed by the U. S. authorities so long as they observe their paroles and the laws in force where they may reside.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Inclosure I.]

CHALK BLUFF, MO., May 10, 1865.

Brigadier General M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Commanding North Sub-District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: In reply to yours of this date, just received, I have the honor to state that I have not come here to treat with or about civil officers. My mission here is purely of a military nature, and I shall confine myself strictly to it. I presume you are familiar with the conditions of the surrender of General Lee's army. Such terms, and none others, are now offered to yourself and the forces under your command. Major-General Reynolds, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Arkansas, will doubtless conduct the affairs of his department with a view to the greatest good of the people therein.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-General.

[Inclosure K.]

LIDDLE'S, NEAR CHALK BLUFF, ARK.,

Thursday, May 11, 1865-8 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. W. DAVIS, U. S. Army,

Commissioner from General Dodge, Chalk Bluff:

COLONEL: Can you inform me whether the officers and men who were surrendered by General Robert E. Lee were permitted to pass to within the Confederate lines or not? My reason for making this inquiry is that many of those that I ma called upon to surrender will prefer to go to Texas or Louisiana to remaining in neighborhoods where private animosities will keep the community in a tumult after the military authorities are withdrawn. Some will desire to take their families. Others think that their families will be safe if they absent

