
[Inclosure O.]
HEADQUARTERS NORTH SUB-DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Chalk Bluff, Ark., Thursday, May 11, 1865-5. 30 p. m.

Major General G. M. DODGE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 29th ultimo by Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Davis, U. S. Army, under flag to truce, reached me on the 9th instant. Upon the promise of Colonel Davis that the U. S. armies will not necessarily move over the country, &amp;c., and subsist upon it unless compelled thereto by the movements of the Confederate troops, I have concluded to accept the terms you offer and surrender the C. S. troops in this sub-district, and have agreed with Colonel Davis upon Wittsburg and Jacksonport as rendezvous at which the men are to be assembled on the 25th instant and 5th proximo to be paroled. Pardon me, general, for differing with you in regard to the Government of the Confederate States. I think it still exists de jure and de facto, and though dark clouds now obscure our prospects, yet I have every faith in our ultimate success, and am only induced to surrender now to spare the people of this already desolated country the horrors of an invasion in their present condition.

I have the honor to be, yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure P.]

Copy of an order which Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson proposes to issue to his command:

GENERAL ORDERS, Numbers -.

Having been summoned to surrender by the commanding officer of the U. S. troops in this district, and threatened with an overwhelming force that would necessarily destroyed this already impoverished portion of the country if they should move through it, I have taken into consideration the utter destitution of our people north of the Arkansas, and upon the express condition that armies of the United States will not necessarily march over the land unless compelled thereto by the movements of the Confederate forces, I have agreed to accept the terms granted to General Robert E. Lee for the Army of Northern Virginia, and to surrender the Confederate forces now in the Northern Sub-District of Arkansas. Therefore, C. S. troops east of Cache River and of White river, south of the mouth of Cache, are ordered to assemble at Wittsburg on the 25th day of May that they may be paroled, and the troops west of Cache River and White river, below the mouth of Cache, will assemble at Jacksonport on the 5th day of June that they may be paroled. Where it is practicable the commanding officers will march their men to these rendezvous. Where it is not practicable they route will justify. All public property, such as arms and accountermets, ammunition, transportation, horses, &c., in possession of the officers or troops must be brought to these rendezvous to be turned over to the U. S. authorities. But the private property of all, not captured from the enemy, and the side arms of the officers will be retained by the owners. A strict compliance with this requirement will be expected that those who desire to accept these terms will be prompt in their attendance at the appointment rendevous, and those who do not

