
so desire will be gone out of the sub-district before these times, as the alleviation of the suffering of the women and children will be frustrated by those remaining who are not paroled. *
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, June 20, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the expedition which left here on the 20th of May for North Arkansas to parole the command of Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson returned this day. At Wittsburg the number of persons paroled were officers, 193; enlisted men, 1,964. At Jacksonport we paroled of officers, 443; enlisted men, 4,854. In all, of officers, 636; enlisted men, 6,818; making an aggregate of 7,454. The total number of organizations was 157, as per inclosed list. + We received but very few arms - a little less than 500 in all. The officers, without exception, declared that their men returned from the price raid through Missouri with but few arms. This may be true to a great extent, but I am satisfied that many left at home whatever guns or pistols they had been able to keep. there is no doubt that many others destroyed their guns rather than bring them in. There are a few more guns (some 213) in the possession of Colonel O. P. Lyles, Twenty-third Arkansas Infantry, about thirty miles from Memphis, that could not be brought in on account of high water. They are new guns, have never been issued to troops, but have been stored in an arsenal in the in the center of a swamp. Brevet Major-General Smith, at Memphis, will send for them as soon as the ground is dry enough for transportation, and then ship them to you. General Thompson had no transportation, except 300 or 400 dugout canoes, and no public animals or property of any other description, except $4,821 C. S. money, which I received and gave receipt for. Most of the men that we paroled were without food, and I issued to them about 28,000 rations. They seemed highly please at the surrender, and said that all they wanted now was to be allowed to live at home. At Devall's Bluff, Major Bainbridge and Captain Nields, staff officers of Major-General Reynolds, joined us and proceed with us to Jacksonport, and rendered very much assistance. The se gentlemen endeavored to meet our party at Memphis and accompany us to Wittsburg, but having had some wrong information about the time we should be there failed. Major-General Washburn, at Memphis, Brigadier-General Thayer, at Helena, and Brigadier-General Shaler, at Devall's Bluff, offered us all the assistance they could give. At Memphis we met a staff officer and a Saint Francis River pilot, who had been sent by General Thompson to show us the way up the Saint Francis River. General Thompson met us in the most friendly manner, and acted very honorably. The only person that presented himself that we declined to parole was Colonel Tim. Reves, Fifteenth Missouri Cavalry. He is the officer that ordered the shooting of Major Wilson and six of his men in the fall of 1864, after they had surrendered. I desire to add that every one connected with the expedition took pride in doing the best they could.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. DAVIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

---------------

*For full text of this order, see General Orders, Numbers 8, May 11, Part II.

+Omitted.

---------------

