
returned up to 4 p. m. One of the expeditions from Donaldsonville resulted in the capture of three of Brown's men. Two of these guerrillas were recent deserters from the Navy. I have asked Colonel Fiske to have the Navy take them and try them for desertion to the enemy. The water has so overflowed the country and Grand Bayou and Bayou Corn as to make it impossible for us to reach Grand River from the La Fourche. (See Major Hildreth's report. *) The citizen, Guedry, captured on the gun-boat expedition from this place, was brought in on account of his being accused of being the means of having Lieutenant Masicot, formerly provost-marshal of Plaquemine, captured by the rebels. I think Lieutenant Masicot is in New Orleans, and would be glad to learn as soon as possible if he wishes to prefer charges against Guedry. The other three are Confederate soldiers.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding District.

Major WICKHAM Adjutant-General, Southern Division of Louisiana.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Willard Sayles, Third Rhode Island Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY, Post Napoleonville, La., May 8, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In pursuance of orders received from your headquarters, I sent out yesterday, the 7th instant, a scout under the command of Captain Sayles and Lieutenant Wilson, who proceeded to the vicinity of Lake Verret and Bayou Saint Vincent in search of guerrillas and jayhawkers. They report that the country in that vicinity is completely overflowed - so much so that all of the families living in the vicinity of Lake Verret and Bayou Saint Vincent have moved toward the Bayou La Fourche, and that it would be utterly impossible for any of the enemy to get to this neighborhood without being captured. Inclosed please find the reports of Captain Sayles' and Lieutenant Wilson's reconnaissance. +

I am, captain, very respectfully,

WILLARD SAYLES,

Colonel Third Rhode Island Cav., Commanding Regiment and Post.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourch District.

Numbers 3. Reports of Major Edmund C. Burt, Third Rhode Island Cavalry. HDQRS. DETACHMENT THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY, Plaquemine, La., May 1, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to orders from post headquarters, I started at 3. 30 p. m. with twenty-five

---------------

*See p. 244.

+See pp. 244, 243, respectively.

---------------

