
men and one officer on a scout to The Park and vicinity. I reached Indian Village about 5. 30, but did not take my command quite into the village, owing to the road being overflowed and the bridge afloat. I succeeded in getting through myself, and went a short distance below the village toward The Part, but found the road, as I expected, overflowed and nearly impassable, and I did not think the object of the scout important enough to pay for the danger and fatigue of pressing my command through to The Park. About 1,000 yards below the turn at Indian Village the water has overflowed the levee, causing a break through which the water rushes with great force, and I learned that there are several other breaks in the levee between that point and The Park. The whole country below Indian Village is submerged, and for half the distance between that point and Plaquemine I notice that the back part of all the fields were covered with water, in some places coming nearly up to the road. I could neither see nor hear of any guerrillas, and while the present high stage of the water lasts there is but little probability of their venturing into that vicinity at all. The only possible way for them to travel would be by water, and the inducements for them to land are truly very small. I have nothing whatever to report in the way of casualties or captured property. I reached this post on my return about 7 this p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. BURT,

Major, Third Rhode Island Cavalry, Commanding.

First Lieutenant J. C. WHITING, Jr.,

Adjutant, Post of Plaquemine.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,Plaquemine, May 8, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to instructions from post headquarters, I left the post with one officer and twenty-four men about 2. 30 this p. m. on a scout to Bayou Goula, which point I reached about 6. 30 p. m. Pursuant to instructions I watched the coast closely for boats, and the following is a correct statement of the number found, with names of owners, localities, &amp;c: One small flat-bottom boat, capable of carrying three of four men, owned by colored man, David, on Madam Lawes' plantation. Mr. John Roney, living next above Mr. V. Roth's plantation, owns an old leaky skiff, which, if in good repair, would carry ten men. At Mr. V. Roth's place there is a strong, neatly constructed raft rigged for four oars and capable of transporting six or eight men across the river at one load. Colored man, Francis, living on Mr. L. Bush's plantation, keeps a small skiff in good repair, which will hold about four or five men. Benjamin Hall, living second house above Mr. Whaley's place, keeps a skiff capable of carrying two or three persons. Mr. A. Get to, first house below Mr. Hall's, keeps a skiff which can carry five or six person. Both skiffs are tied to the same stake. Colonel Butler, near Bayou Goula, has two skiffs owned by his colored hands, the largest of which will carry eight persons with ease. Colonel Butler informed me that he had a permit from Captain Wells, of the Navy, to keep this boat. The other boat is some smaller, and for it he has no permit. The first-named boat is claimed by a colored boy, Manuel, and the second by Carter Miles (colored). I went so far into the village of Bayou Goula that I could see the coast to a point below the village, but saw no more boats, nor could

