
Bayou Black I learned that a lieutenant with a squad of colored soldiers from Chacahoula Station had been there before me and followed them down this road, and had just returned a few minutes before I arrived there, on his way to Chacahoula Station. Therefore I did not think it advisable for me to scout any farther on that road. I was informed by the citizens near by that one of the prisoners had escaped, informed by the citizens near by that one of the prisoners had escaped, and thought it the best to return to camp, where I arrived at about 7. 30 p. m.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. CROSS,

First Lieutenant Company C, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

First Lieutenant CHARLES S. COOPER,

Post Adjutant, Terre Bonne, La.

Numbers 5. Reports of Lieutenant William Wilson, Third Rhode Island Cavalry. HDQRS. COMPANY E, THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,

Post Napoleonville, La., May 1, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of a scout that left here under my command May 1, 1865:

I marched on both sides of Bayou Saint Vincent about eight miles toward the lake, which was as far as I could go, as the country is entirely overflowed, and I do not think that there are any rebels this side of the lake. There is no place for them to secrete themselves, and if they did do so it is almost certain they would be captured, for the citizens have to leave their homes in small boats and come up to Mr. McCarty's plantation for safety.

Yours, most respectfully,

WILLIAM WILSON,

Second Lieutenant Company E, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Lieutenant E. K. THOMPSON,

Post Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY,Post Napoleonville, La., May 7, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of a scout that left here under my command May 7, 1865:

I marched down both sides of the Bayou Saint Vincent as far as I could go toward the lake. The citizens have to leave their homes in small boats and come to Mr. Jones' plantation for safety. The country is entirely overflowed with water, and it is rising every day. I do not think that there are any rebels this side of the lake. If they should come over to this side it is almost certain they would be captured. Citizens would give information immediately,

Yours, most respectfully,

WILLIAM WILSON,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Company E, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

First Lieutenant E. K. THOMPSON,

Post Adjutant.

