
and ditches being afloat. On reaching Madam Labarre's plantation, was informed by citizens living in the vicinity that it was impossible to proceed to Bayou Corn by that route except by boats. I then came back about three miles and took a road running across the country to Doctor Ford's lane, but found the road covered with water a distance of two miles from the bayou. On riding in with the advance guard about half a mile I found the water to be from two to four feet deep, and that the citizens had moved out, and judging, from what I know of the road, that it would be impossible to reach Grand Bayou without swimming at least half a mile. Not being entirely satisfied in regard to the route from Madam Labarre's to Bayou Corn, I returned to that place, leaving the command about half a mile from the bayou to avoid crossing floating bridges. I proceeded with a squad of men to the bayou, crossed over, and found it impracticable to go to Bayou Corn except by boats, as all the bridges on the road have floated off, and those on the plantation roads are floating. I here saw a man moving his hogs from the vicinity of Bayou Corn was much higher than Grand Bayou. Being convinced of the impracticability of proceeding beyond Grand Bayou, either mounted or on foot, during the present stage of high water, I returneing about 9 o'clock last night. Saw no enemy during the day, nor could hear of any being in that country since Whitaker's raid on McCall's plantation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HILDRETH,

Major Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry.

Lieutenant L. R. HALL,

Post Adjutant.
HDQRS. DETACH. SIXTEENTH INDIANA MOUNTED INFTY.,Donaldsonville, La., May 12, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with instructions from the colonel commanding, I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 11th instant at sunrise I proceeded with forty men of my command on a scout toward Bayou Goula. On arriving at the Andrews plantation, now occupied by Madam Shief, I found a horse tied in the dooryard which evidently belonged to one of Brown's party. I searched the house, but did not find the men. I then started up the river road and met a party of six men of Brown's command and charged them. After firing one round they turned and fled by way of Reed's lane. I chased them some three miles, when they left the road and took to the woods. After following their trail about half a mile I found their horses tied in a dense canebrake. Brought the horses away, having captured one of the party on the road; the balance escaped by hiding in the woods. I then returned to the river road and met more of Brown's party, who turned and ran by the way of the Richland road. After pursuing them rapidly to Como's plantation captured one of them; the other two took to the woods after leaving their horses, which fell into our hands. After returning again to the river road I sent Lieutenant Slade with fifteen men through the plantation roads to the rear of Bayou Goula, while Lieutenant Hawkins with ten men made a dash into the town, but found no enemy in the place. I then went as far as Ventress', and could not hear of any of Brown's party being in that vicinity during the day. The country beyond Ventress' is almost entirely overflowed

