
with water. Being satisfied that I could do nothing more on the trip, I returned to camp with 2 prisoners and 10 horses captured during the day, arriving at camp about midnight.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HILDRETH,

Major Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry.

Lieutenant L. R. HALL,

Post Adjutant.

Numbers 9. Report of Lieutenant Cyrus Crawford, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry. HDQRS. COMPANY A, 16TH INDIANA MOUNTED INFANTRY, Thibodeaux, La., May 4, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders dated U. S. Forces, Thibodeaux, La., May 1, 1865, I have the honor to submitting the following report:

I took an escort of fifty men of this command, and on the 2nd instant made a reconnaissance through Labadieville in the direction of Brules Texas [and] Landry and Lake Verret. I advanced on the road leading directly from Labadieville to the lake a distance of ten miles, when I found it utterly impossible to go farther, the entire country been submerged in water. I then retraced my steps to Labadieville; thence up the Bayou La Fourche to the Brule Texas road, which road I took and advanced to Brule Texas, a distance of eight miles from the bayou, where I was again compelled to stop on account of water, having traveled two miles through water, which in many places was barely fordable. After resting a short time I returned to within one mile of Bayou La Fourche and went into camp, where I remained until 2 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd instant, when I broke camp and started for the residence of Lieutenant Boudreaux, C. S. Army, who I understood was prowling through the neighborhood seven miles south of Labadieville. I surrounded the premises of his mother and searched them without finding him. I was informed by the colored people of that vicinity that he was in the habit of visiting the home of his mother almost every week for the purpose (they said) of conscripting and seizing prisoners. Having satisfied myself that he was not about, I returned to camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS CRAWFORD,

First Lieutenant, Co. D, Commanding Co. A, 16th Indiana Mounted Infty.

Lieutenant FRED. H. CUTLER,

Post Adjutant.

Numbers 10. Report of Lieutenant William A. Ingold, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry. HDQRS. COMPANY C, 16TH INDIANA MOUNTED INFANTRY, Thibodeaux, La., May 10, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance to orders from post headquarters, I was detailed to take charge of a detachment of men from the Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry Regiment, the 9th instant, to make a recon-

