
naissance thorough and beyond Labadieville, via Brules Texas and Landry to the Shell Bank on Lake Verret, of which I have the honor to make the following report:

I arrived at Labadieville about dark the 9th instant, and found it was useless to undertake to go to Lake Verret that night, from what I could learn of high water; and then, to pass the evening as lively as practicable under the circumstances, I concluded to take the command and go back to Labadieville some two or three miles to an old sugar mill toward Mrs. Boudreaux's to see if Lieutenant Boudreaux or any other of the Confederate army could be found. After arriving at the sugar mill I sent two detachments in search, one to Lieutenant Boudreaux's sister's and one to his mother's. The one started to his mother's had to return without reaching the desired place on account of high water; the one to the sister's could find no trace of any Confederates and returned. I then went into camp for the night. Next morning after feeding we took up the line of march to Lake Verret, but on our arrival at Pugh's Texana plantation, with the exception of a few acres, I found it inundated with water, the bridges floating, which made them impassable with horses, and not hearing of any Confederates that I could get at mounted, and having no yawls by which to convey troops through that section of the country, I abandoned the expedition and returned to camp this p. m. at 3 o'clock.

Respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

W. A. INGOLD,

First Lieutenant, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infty., Commanding Co. C.

Lieutenant FRED. H. CUTLER.

Post Adjutant.

Numbers 11. Report of Lieutenant James Steel, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry. HDQRS. COMPANY G, 16TH INDIANA MOUNTED INFANTRY, Thibodeaux, La., May 9, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with orders from post headquarters, dated Thibodeaux, La., May 5, 1865, I have the honor of submitting the following report:

I took as escort of forty men and continued the pursuit of Lieutenant Boudreaux in the vicinity of Chacahoula Station, Houma, and Bayou De Large. Leaving this place on the evening of the 5th instant, I proceeded to Chacahoula by way of Terre Bonne, arriving there at 3 a. m. the 6th instant, where I went into camp, after having learned that Lieutenant Boudreaux had not been seen in that neighborhood for twelve hours previous to my arrival. I learned here that he went in the direction of Bayou De Large, and on the morning of the 6th instant moved by way of Houma, in the direction of Bayou De Large, where I understood from what I considered good authority that there was to be a wedding and ball that evening, at which place Lieutenant Boudreaux, if in the neighborhood, would most likely be found. While on the way, however, I learned of the whereabouts of a social gathering on Bayou Black, seven miles above Houma, at the residence of one Bodin. To this place I sent a sergeant and ten men, with instructions to allow no one to leave until I returned from Bayou de large, where I had first been informed that Lieutenant Boudreaux and his gang of thieves would be most likely to rendezvous. After having made the proper

