
disposal of the men in my command I proceeded at once to the residence of Madam Boudreaux, on Bayou De Large, where I found the dancing party. I quietly surrounded the house and proceeded to examine the papers of those present, to see who and by what authority they were there. To all interrogatories concerning Lieutenant Boudreaux I could get no information, every one present denying any knowledge of his whereabouts, protesting that he had not been there or in the neighborhood for months. After having satisfied myself that neither he nor his party were there, at least while I was there, I could not do otherwise than return, which I did without unnecessary delay. Having returned to Bayou Back, I proceeded with the entire command to the residence of Bodin, where I had stationed a sergeant and ten men the night previous for the purpose of guarding the premises, and awaiting my return from Bayou De Large. Immediately upon my arrival I proceeded to carefully examine the papers of all present. Finding no one there without proper authority or in any way suiting the description of the man I was in quest of, I allowed them to disperse and go to their respective homes. Not being able to attain the object in view, having failed to elicit any information of his whereabouts, I returned to camp by way of Houma, arriving here on the 7th instant. During the expedition I was assisted by Lieutenant Cyrus Crawford, who proved an efficient officer; who, having been engaged on a previous expedition against Lieutenant Boudreaux, possessed much invaluable information concerning Lieutenant Boudreaux and his gang. It is with pride that I state that the men in my command in every particular proved subordinate and performed well their part.

Trusting this report, although somewhat meager, may prove satisfactory, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES STEEL,

First Lieutenant Company G, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry.

Lieutenant FRED. H. CUTLER,

Post Adjutant.

Numbers 12. Report of Captain James E. Macklin, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry. CAMP SIXTEENTH INDIANA MOUNTED INFANTRY, Donaldsonville, La., May 1, 1865.

In obedience to verbal orders received from Colonel Fiske, I proceeded with Companies K and H, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, on the 30th day of April on a scout to Bayou Goula, for the purpose of destroying the band of guerrillas commanded by Captain Brown. I met a portion of this band on Reed's plantation, about fifteen miles from this point, and pursued them eight miles, capturing 3 men, 3 horses, 1 shot-gun nothing of the whereabouts of Captain Brown and the remainder of his band, I returned to camp, arriving here about 4 o'clock this morning.

Very respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

JAMES E. MACKLIN,

Captain Company K, Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry.

Lieutenant L. R. HALL,

Post Adjutant.

