
Numbers 13. Report of Lieutenant Colonel John L. Rice, Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Troops. BAYOU BOEUF STATION, May 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I left this station on the morning of the 10th instant with fifty men and one officer of the Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry in small boats, for the purpose of scouting the lakes and bayous north of Lake Palourde. I went out of Lake Palourde via La Fourche Pass; thence through Grass Lake and Four-Mile Bayou to the foot of Lake Verret; thence up Bayou Maxile to Bell River; thence down Bayou Long to Bayou Sorrel, and up the latter to Muggah's Mill, and returned via Old River, Bell River, Bayou Long, Bayou Milhomme, and Lake Palourde. I arrived back here this p. m., having traveled not less than 125 miles. I saw none of the enemy and heard of none, except the scout Ned Smith. I saw no land from the time of leaving Lake Palourde until I returned. the people, without exception, have moved away or are preparing to move.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. RICE,

Lieutenant-Colonel Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14. Report of Lieutenant Lewis R. Titus, Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Troops. CHACAHOULA STATION, U. S. MILITARY RAILROAD, May 7, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I left Tigerville, La., on Thursday evening, the 4th instant, at 5 p. m., with twenty-two men. I marched rapidly until 3 a. m., and rested two hours. Started again, and after an hour's marching I heard that Boudreaux and party were in the swamps, and that they were going thirty miles below Houma to a Mrs. Buford's house, on Little Kio. I marched until 2 o'clock the 5th instant, and losing all trace of them, and my men being very much fatigued, I thought it folly to continue the pursuit, so I retraced my steps and arrived here at 11 p. m. on the evening of the 5th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS R. TITUS,

Second Lieutenant Company A, Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry.

First Lieutenant CHARLES S. COOPER,

Adjutant Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Numbers 15. Report of Captain Eben F. Barker, Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Troops. BAYOU BOEUF STATION, LA., May 7, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I left this station on the evening of the 4th instant, in pursuance of orders from headquarters District

