
and made another stand, but was driven again and chased about one mile. The loss on the side of the enemy was 4 killed on the ground and 4 wounded, also 8 horses killed or wounded so as to render them unfit for service. Our loss was 1 man wounded severely, 1 horse captured, and 1 shot.

Curtis, the wounded man, belonged to Company C, Seventh Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, and was left at the house of Mrs. Milans.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. TOPPASS,

Captain, Seventh Cavalry Missouri Volunteers, Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant S. M. CAMBERN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Post Pine Bluff, Ark.

JANUARY 7-11, 1865. -Scout from Fort Ellsworth, Kans.

Report of Sergt. David C. Nettleton, Second Colorado Cavalry.

FORT LARNED, KANS., January 12, 1865.

SIR: In pursuance of orders received from district headquarters, organizing an independent scout of twelve men under my command, I proceeded from Fort Ellsworth on the 7th of January; traveled west up the Smoky Hill twelve miles and turned northeast toward the Saline; passed Buffalo Creek, a small stream with wood and water; three miles farther on came to the Saline two miles above the mouth of Hill Creek, and camped for the night. January 8, traveled due west up the Saline, passing through a very rough country, with few streams running into the Saline. Camped for the night at the mouth of quite a large stream running into the Saline from the south, name not known; water very salty. January 9, left the Saline and traveled southwest; came to Big Creek in twenty-four miles, and to the Smoky Hill four miles south of Big Creek; camped for the night on the Smoky Hill, between sixty and sixty-five miles above Fort Ellsworth and twelve miles above the mouth of Big Creek. January 10, traveled a little east of south, and crossed Walnut Creek twenty-two miles from the Smoky Hill; camped on a dry branch of Walnut Creek six miles south. January 11, traveled a little east of south and came to the military road at Pawnee Rock, fifteen miles northeast of Fort Larned; country along the Saline very rough and broken, but nearer the Smoky Hill it is quite level. But little timber along the Saline, consisting of scattering trees along the bank. Big Creek is well skirted with timber, is six or eight feet wide and six inches deep-a favorite camping place for Indians; but few trees along the Smoky Hill where we traveled. Distance from the Smoky Hill to the Saline, fifteen miles above Ellsworth, twelve miles; from the Smoky Hill to Saline, sixty miles above Ellsworth, eighteen miles; mouth of Big Creek nearly due north of Fort Larned, distant fifty or fifty-five miles. Not the least sign of Indians see on the trip; buffalo tolerably plenty and very tame, showing that they have not ben hunted by the Indians. Our scout extended up the Saline and Smoky Hill sixty miles west of Ellsworth, and it is hardly possible there are camps east of the circuit taken.

Yours, respectfully,

D. C. NETTLETON,

Sergeant, Commanding Scout.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD.

