
of La Fourche, with Second Lieutenant Pomponeau and twelve men of Company K, First Louisiana Cavalry, and fifteen men from the Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, to proceed to Bayou Chene for the purpose of looking for a strange boat containing five or six strange persons, who were reported to be moving about there in a suspicious manner, and also to watch the entrance of Bayou Back for the rebel Lieutenant Boudreaux and any other suspicious-looking persons going or coming from there. On oaring through a small cut-off just above the entrance of the Black we discovered a large skiff having six men in it, who on being ordered to halt, did not reply, but turned to the shore and attempted to enter the swamp. We opened fire on them at once. On reaching the skiff I found it empty and several shot holes through it. It being dark, it would have been useless to pursue them into the swamp. I proceeded at once to the houses on that side of the bayou for some distance, and brought off all the men and boats that might be used as a means of escape, taking them to the mouth of the Black. Passed the night there. On the morning of the 5th instant I went to the place of that affair. Near there I learned from an Indian that he had a wounded man at this camp. On reaching there I was very sorry to find that we had fired on innocent colored men, who are employed by Mr. Henderson on Bayou Black. I have heard since that another man is wounded and one missing. Soon after returning to the Black the strange boat made its appearance, having in it a sergeant, four men, and a prisoner. They had a pass from the provost-marshal at Brashear City. We next went down the Bayou Chene nearly to Chirsy Point, when we returned near Mr. Napoleon Beal's. We remained till morning. Early on the 6th we came back to the mouth of the Black, where we staid until to-day. I found no suspicious persons there. Mr. Charles Escudier acted as guide.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EBEN F. BARKER,

Captain Company B, Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry.

Lieutenant C. S. COOPER,

Seventy-fifth U. S. Colored Infantry, Post Adjutant.

Numbers 16. Report of Captain John R. Wallace, Ninety-third U. S. Colored Troops. CAMP NINETY-THIRD U. S. COLORED INFANTRY, Brashear City, La., May 6, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of an expedition to Butte-a-la-Rose, in obedience to verbal orders from Colonel Simon Jones, commanding post at Brashear City, La.:

I left Brashear City on the evening of May 3 in command of two companies of the Ninety-third U. S. Colored Infantry, one on board the steam-boat Cornie, the other on board the gun-boat Numbers 43, commanded by Captain L. S. Fickett. We arrived at Butte-a-la-Rose on the 4th of May at about 12 m., and found it abandoned, but everything indicated that it was recently occupied of Gilbeon. We remained there about two hours, and destroyed everything that would serve as a shelter for rebels. Two muskets were captured there. We next proceeded to Offutt's Mill for the purpose of taking in lumber. We tied up

