
the boats there and commenced loading the Cornie with lumber. While there we were informed by Mr. Decker that Lawrence Lee, a rebel soldier, lived but a few miles below, when we manned a small boat and proceeded there at once, and succeeded in capturing him, also Teodile Guerdy, citizen of Saint Martin' Parish, when we returned to the boats and laid up during the night. In the morning, about 11, as soon as the Cornie was loaded, we started for Brashear City. During the day the gun-boat took on board 5,000 shingles. Arriving at Bayou Chene, tied up for the night. Mr. Decker again informed us that about a mile below Captain Crosser, of the C. S. Army, resided, to which place we immediately started with a small boat. Did not find the captain at home, but captured 2 rebel soldiers belonging to Company A, Seventh Louisiana Cavalry, Captain Murphy's company; also 1 musket and several double-barrel shotguns. Total captured, 4 prisoners and 8 guns. The latter are in my possession, subject to your orders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. WALLACE,

Captain Company E, 93rd U. S. Colored Infty., Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant J. R. FYFFE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of La Fourche.

MAY 1-9, 1865. -Scout from Ojo de Anaya, N. Mex.

Report of Lieutenant James J. Billings, First California Cavalry.

FORT CRAIG, N. MEX., May 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding this post, that I left this post on the 27th ultimo, under the command of Lieutenant L. F. Samburn, in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 93, dated headquarters, Fort Craig, N. Mex., April 27, 1865. In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 95, dated headquarters, Fort Craig, N. Mex., April 30, 1865, I left the spring Ojo de Anaya at about 12 m. on the 1st instant, taking twenty men and ten days' rations, and took a northeast course and marched about twenty-five miles and camped in the range of mountains east of this post, where 1 found plenty of wood and water and good grass. May 2, the guide told me it was about thirty miles to the next water. I left camp about noon, the guide taking a northeast course for about fifteen miles, and then changed the course to southeast. He kept that course till nearly sunset, when we came to a large open plain and the White Mountains is sight on the opposite side. I concluded it was best for me to cross the plain that night, so that I would not be seen by Indians if there were any in the vicinity, the guide telling me that he could go so as to find the water the next morning. About 11 p. m. we came to a low range of black lava rock and found it impossible to cross it, and camped for the night without water. Distance, about fifty miles. May 3, left camp at daylight, the guide saying it was about five miles to water, taking a northeast course for about three hours to the place where the guide expected to find water. On arriving at the place we found no water there, and then the guide told me he had lost his course by my traveling the night before. No one knew where to find water; men and animals beginning to suffer for water. I could see snow on the mountains to our right; I sent the guide and four men with all the canteens

