
in that direction, telling them if they found water to fill the canteens and come back and meet the command, I stopping behind to get the men as nigh the snow as I could. I was getting them along very well until about noon, when the animals began to give out. I then started with all the men and animals that could travel for the snow on the mountains. As fast as a horse gave out I left the man and horse behind. About 4 p. m. we came to the foothills, only four men with me. The guide and the four men I sent ahead, for I could see their trail often. About 5 p. m. I came up where three of the men were, with all the animals given out, and one man had gone on foot to get to the snow. He had not been gone but a short time when he returned with the canteens filled with water, saying that he had found water about a mile ahead. I gave the animals a little water out of the canteens. I arrived at the water at 5. 30 with three horses and filled all the canteens and started them back with the guide, and as fast as a man came into camp his canteen was filled and sent back. By that means I got all the men and animals into camp about 7 p. m. Distance, about thirty-five miles. May 4, 1 sent the guide out to find the water he was looking for the day before. He was gone about three hours, and came back and reported that he had found water in about fourteen miles to the southwest. May 5, left camp about 7 a. m., taking a southwest course, crossing over a point of the mountains, and found a large stream of water running west. I followed down the stream about ten miles and camped. Distance, about twenty-five miles. I found no sign of Indians. May 6, left camp at daylight and took a westerly course and arrived at the camp I left on the 2nd instant about 5 p. m. Distance, about forty miles. May 7, I laid over this day to rest the animals. May 8, left camp at 7 a. m. and arrived at the spring Ojo de Anaya about 4 p. m. May 9, left camp at 7 a. m. and arrived at the river at 1 p. m., when I found that I could not cross my animals, I went into camp about one mile below the post, on the opposite side of the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES J. BILLINGS,

Lieutenant, First California Cavalry.

Lieutenant R. HUDSON,

Post Adjutant.

MAY 2, 1865. -Affair on the Blue Earth River, Minn.

Report of Brigadier General Henry H. Sibley, U. S. Army, commanding District of Minnesota.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,Saint Paul, Minn., May 4, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a party of hostile Sioux Indians massacred a family of whites, consisting of four or five grown persons, and wounded a child, at a point near the Blue Earth River, in the county of that name, in this State, on the 2nd instant. They were being hotly pursued at the last accounts, and as they were within the line of outposts it is to be hoped the party will not be permitted to escape, my orders to sub-commanders prohibiting the taking of any prisoners. A half-breed deserter from Brackett's Battalion, known to have accompanied the war party from the neighborhood of the British line, has been apprehended by the citizens. I have demanded his delivery to the military authorities, and if his identity is established

