
I shall try him by military commission for a violation of the laws of war rather than by court-martial for desertion. I have reliable intelligence of several bands being upon the war path to the Minnesota and Iowa frontier, and I am making every possible arrangement to give them a warm reception. One party of forty, under the lead of "Black Legs," a notorious ruffian, is among the number. I applied for information to department headquarters some time since whether or not the line of small posts in the District of Iowa, south from Spirit Lake, would be established this year as formerly. It is of great importance that the line should be maintained, both for the security of the Iowa frontier as a continuation of the defenses of the Minnesota border, which otherwise can be turned on the south by raiding parties.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.

MAY 3, 1865. -Skirmishes on the Missouri River, near Booneville, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Colonel Chester Harding, Jr., Forty-third Infantry; commanding District of Central Missouri.

Numbers 2. -Captain Arthur A. Putnam, Fiftieth Wisconsin Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Chester Harding, Jr., Forty-third Missouri Infantry, commanding District of Central Missouri. WARRENSBURG, May 6, 1865 - 1. 20 p. m.

On the 3rd instant Captain Arnold, of the Fiftieth Wisconsin [Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry], attacked a party of bushwhackers attempting to cross the Missouri River, about fifteen miles below Booneville. He killed 3 and wounded 2; captured all their horses, &amp;c., 9 in number. Guerrillas are beginning to turn their forces west and to go through Jackson County once more. I have taken the necessary precautions.

CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Colonel, &c.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Arthur A. Putnam, Fiftieth Wisconsin Infantry. HEADQUARTERS, Post of Booneville, Mo., May 3, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report an engagement with nine men of Captain Weaver's company on a large island sixteen miles down the river. Learning that a body of guerrillas intended to cross the river

