
at that point, I started in pursuit with seventeen men of Captain Miller's company and a citizen, who had given the information, as a guide. By hard riding we reached the island a few minutes after they had crossed. I arrested a man named Turner, who assisted them to cross. Leaving a part of the men to guard our horses, I crossed over with nine men and came upon the rebels after traveling about two miles, and attacked them. Making but little resistance, they took to the bush, leaving nine horses and saddles in our possession, which we secured. I continued to pursue them till dark before we came upon them again. It being so dark they make their escape after exchanging a few shots. Not having a sufficient number of men to secure them in the heavy underbrush, I discontinued the pursuit and returned to Booneville. One of the horses, which had been taken from our guide, I turned over to him, but neglected to take a receipt. He had described the horse before we captured them. I found in Captain Weaver's saddle-bag the inclosed order* from General Rains, of the rebel army, authorizing him to raise troops to operate on the Missouri border. What disposition shall I make of the prisoner?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. PUTNAM,

Captain, Commanding, Post.

Colonel C. HARDING,

Commanding District of Central Missouri.

MAY 3, 1865. -Affair near Pleasant Hill, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Benjamin F. Johnson, First Missouri state Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS COMPANY B, CAVALRY DETACHMENT,FIRST MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAVALRY,

Pleasant Hill, Mo., May 7, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that our neighborhood was visited on Thursday night last by a band of guerrillas, ten in number. Of the number three were known to be Sy Porter, Bill Reynolds, and Dave Pool. They killed a citizen by the name of Richard Conner and a discharged soldier whose name was John G. Harper. I with ten men followed their trail to the Snibar Hills, but failed to overtake them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. F. JOHNSON,

Lieutenant, Commanding Station, Pleasant Hill, Mo.

Colonel CHESTER HARDING, Jr.,

Commanding District of Central Missouri.

MAY 3-6, 1865. -Operations about Fort Adams, Miss.

Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Embury D. Osband, Third U. S. Colored Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY EXPEDITION,Fort Adams, Miss., May 6, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in pursuance of orders I arrived at this point on the morning of the 3rd instant; disembarked

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

