
the command, and in the afternoon of that day sent a scouting party down to Tunica Bend. Found nothing in that direction. On the 4th instant I sent a party through Woodville to Jones' plantation, where I was informed some torpedoes were concealed. The officer in command on his return reported that the torpedoes had been removed, and that he had learned they were being broken up and the powder was being sold to the citizens. Yesterday evening I embarked three squadrons, and landed them at Bayou Sara about 10 p. m., with orders to scout from Bayou Sara to Woodville and thence to this point. From the gun-boat officers at Bayou Sara I learned that Scott's brigade of Confederate cavalry, acting as escort to Jeff. Davis, are expected to cross the river between here and Bayou Sara in a few days; also that a force of 3,000 of our troops will be transferred from Morganza to Bayou Sara either to-day or to-morrow. The steamer Magnet brought information to the gun-boat Chilicothe (lying off the point) that Davis, with a small cavalry escort, had crossed the river at Quitman, a short distance above Natchez, on Sunday night last, but I do not credit this report. Official communication has been received at Woodville of the surrender of General Dick Taylor's army to General Canby, and I think that the majority of the scattering forces in this vicinity will come in and surrender at this point. I shall continue to operate between Fort Adams and Bayou Sara till I receive further orders from you.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. OSBAND.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON,

Commanding District of Natchez.

MAY 3-21, 1865. -Expedition from Fort Laramie to Wind River, Dak. Ter.

Report of Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, commanding Northern Sub-District of the Plains.
HDQRS. NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter., June 6, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the general commanding, the following as my report of an expedition lately made as far west as Wind River:

I left here on the 3rd of May with about seventy-five men of the Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry and Seventh Iowa Cavalry, under command of Captain Wilcox, of the latter regiment, for Platte Bridge. At the same time I sent Captain Krumme, of the First Nebraska Veteran Cavalry, with about sixty men of that regiment by way of Laramie Peak, to scout the country thoroughly and meet me at Platte Bridge, which he did, seeing no signs of Indians. Receiving what was considered reliable information that there were about 300 Cheyenne lodges over near Wind River, I concentrated about 500 cavalry-400 of the Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Plumb, and the balance under Captain Wilcox. We marched at sundown on the 8th with seven days ration on horse and three on pack-mules, taken out of teams for that purpose, each officer and soldier having only one wool blanket, one gum blanket, and an overcoat. I snowed for two days

