
and nights, covering up the grass so that the horses were nearly famished. The command suffered terribly with cold, as there was no wood, having to rely upon a scanty supply of sagebrush. My marches were all made during the night, as the moon was favorable, and the better to beguile the Indians. The Cheyenne trail was struck on the morning of the 12th, but had every sign of being old. This was on Lake Fork, tributary of Wind River. Scouts were immediately scattered all over the country and brought back positive information that the Indians, after making a circuit toward Sweetwater Mountains, turned due north and crossed Beaver Creek Pass road toward Powder River. One scout went as far as Wind River and reported that the Indians had merely passed by with their lodges in the direction we were then encamped, but without halting. The village had evidently come down from Powder River Mountains with the intention of finding a suitable encampment somewhere in our vicinity, but finding the grass and game scarce were compelled to go back again. I had not rations to carry me any farther away from the bridge, as I had marched four days at the rate of thirty-five miles each day. Nearly one-half of my horses were given out, for the grass was not sufficient to keep them in heart. I have never traveled a country where there was less for the animals to subsist on, and old Mr. Bridger, of mountain fame, who accompanied me as a guide, assured me that although the country in that section was usually barren, yet in all his experience he had never seen it as it was then.

On the evening of the 12th I started Captain Wilcox back to Platte Bridge with his command and broken-down horses of the Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, keeping close to the north side of the Sweetwater Mountains, for the purpose of picking up any straggling war party, and with the balance of the command I made for Sweetwater bridge, by the south side of the mountains, sending a large scout by the head of Popoagie River toward Three Crossings. No Indians were seen or even other than old trails. I arrived at Platte Bridge on the 17th and returned here on the 21st, having traveled a distance of 450 miles. The Indian scouts must have kept watch of us, for no sooner had we returned to the line than their war parties were harassing the stations at all points. It is no manner of use to attempt doing anything unless an expedition is started, striking Powder River about 100 miles north of where I was; that is, north of here and west, where a large and strong fort should be built and a supply of rations kept on hand to replenish the pack-saddles from time to time. A campaign must be made with pack-mules to transport supplies. From Powder River the villages could be struck. The war parties now harassing us would draw in to defend villages, and thus a fight of some magnitude might be gotten, as they are keen for a tussle, believing they can clean us out, and there is some semblance of excuse for this belief from their recent successes. I prefer they should feel that way, at least until they concentrate for action. The Cheyennes, and Sioux who are with them, will number about 4,000 fighting men. No time is to be lost in making campaign, but horses are in a woeful condition, having had no corn for a month.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of the Plains, Julesburg.

