
MAY 4, 1865. -Skirmish at the Star House, near Lexington, Mo.

Report of Major Berryman K. Davis, Forty-third Missouri Infantry.

LEXINGTON, May 4, 1865.

Captain Arnold, who left Warrensburg this morning with escort of ten men, was attacked to-day the other side of the Star House, two miles out, by between twenty and thirty bushwhackers. They were lying near the road and waited for the escort going from here to Warrensburg to pass out of hearing. After it met Captain Arnold they attacked him. They lost one man and brought in one severely wounded. The captain returned the fire and was pursued one mile. A messenger having arrived before the captain, I had already started Captain Bernard on the track.

B. K. DAVIS.

Major.

Colonel HARDING.

MAY 4-6, 1865. -Scout from Pine Bluff to Noble's Farm, Ark.

Report of Captain George W. Suesberry, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY L, THIRTEENTH ILLINOIS CAL. VOLS.,Pine Bluff, Ark., May 6, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to orders I received at post headquarters on the 4th instant, I with other officers proceeded to make a scout. Captain Ed. Drown started from this place at 3 a. m. with fifty men, with orders to proceed to the south side of Bayou Bartholomew to guard the crossings of the same; and I with fifty men at 6 o'clock on the same day proceeded down the north side of the above-named bayou, with the expectation of capturing Captain Kidd and his lawless band of robbers; and when I reached Harris' farm, some twelve miles from here, at 10 a. m., I found that Kidd and his band had left for Monticello on the morning previous. I still continued the march down the bayou. I reached Mr. Derrisaw's at 3 p. m. I captured George Wyatt. He claimed to be a private soldier in the Second Arkansas Cavalry. I marched on and formed a junction with Captain Brown at daylight on the 5th at John Rodgers', some eighteen miles south of this place. I there fed my horses and men and rested about two hours, after which I swam my horses to the south side of the bayou and marched down the bayou to Wyatt's farm, and there captured one Clay Haynes, and he also claimed to be a member of the Second Arkansas Cavalry. Marched on and came to Noble's farm at 3 p. m., and there captured Lieutenant Noble. I then consulted the officers and turned for Pine Bluff. I had at the time 3 prisoners and 5 horses, 6 guns, and 1 army revolver. The prisoners and arms I turned over to the provost-marshal on my arrival at this place on the 6th instant. The horses I turned over to the post quartermaster on the same day. I did not hear of any force this side of the Saline River except Kidd and his band. I did not lose a man or horse.

I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

G. W. SUESBERRY,

Captain Company L, Thirteenth Illinois Cav. Vols., Commanding Scout.

Captain S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

17 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

