
Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, in command of the scout from Pine Bluff, and from him I ascertained that he had just arranged to receive the surrender of Vaugine, Maybery, and Husband, with their men, and that the most of them were in his camp, the rest having been permitted to go to their comrades for the purpose of bringing them in. Being out of rations, and considering the main object of the expedition gained, I returned to this post, stopping at Pine Bluff long enough to notify General Clayton of the result of the expedition and to obtain rations. I handed at this place on the morning of the 11th, having been absent four days and five nights. I instructed Lieutenant Demby to move the cavalry up by land from Pine Bluff, as general Clayton number of prisoners by boat to this post, and the boat being already badly crowded. The mules and horses captured were turned over to the proper authorities upon arrival at this place.

I have the honor, sir, to remain, your very obedient servant,

R. G. WARD,

Lieutenant Colonel Seventy-ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops.

Lieutenant A. S. KENDRICK,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Div., Seventh Army Corps.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Gurnsey W. Davis, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry. PINE BLUFF, ARK., May 11, 1865.

SIR: Pursuant to orders, I left Pine Bluff on the 7th, taking the north side of the Arkansans River. Proceeded to the Lightfoot farm. Camped for the night, capturing one prisoner. 8th, went in search of Vaugine. My advanced guard discovered him on the opposite side of Plum Bayou. Fired upon him, but he escaped and fled to the cane. Dismounted a few men and crossed the bayou (this is swimming to a horse); discovered Vaugine making signs for a truce; admitted him. He expressed a desire to surrender, and stated that Captain Maybery wished to do the same, and that if I would wait on him he would send for Maybery. I did so. Maybery came and expressed the same desire, and promised to meet me at Colonel East's on the evening of the 10th with all their men, for the purpose of surrender, which they failed to do. Proceeded down the river as far as Lewis' Landing. Learned there that Captain Husband and his command wished to surrender and give up the contest. Mr. Lewis proceeded to Husband's command and brought the same to me. Husband and his men seemed very anxious to give up, and only asked that they be allowed their horses and side arms for self-protection against jayhawkers and robbers. I could accept no conditional surrender. The party accompanied me in for conference with higher authority. I believe Captain Husband and his men to have been honorable Confederate soldiers, and ask for them your kind consideration.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. DAVIS,

Major, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Captain S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

