
JANUARY 8, 1865. -Action at Dove Creek, Concho River, Tex.

Reports of Brigadier General J. D. McAdoo, Texas State Troops.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Austin, Tex., March 4, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. M. JACK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith, for the information of the major-general commanding, copy of letter from Brigadier General J. D. McAdoo, commanding Second and Third Frontier Districts, Texas State Troops. He has been under orders from his Excellency Governor Murrah, investigating the conduct of the officers and men engaged in the recent fight with Kansas Indians on the Concho. He makes some statements relative to Captain Fosset, commanding detachment of Confederate troops in that expedition, which will doubtless possess interest for General Walker. The court inquiry will probably make further developments, of which the major-general commanding shall be duly advised.

I have the honor to be, sir, yours, respectfully,

W. C. WALSH,

Acting Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. 2nd AND 3rd FRONTIER DISTS., TEXAS STATE TROOPS,Gatesville, February 20, 1865.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to verbal instructions from His Excellency the Governor, I came to this place several days ago for the purpose of investigating the facts relating to the battle of Dove Creek on the 8th of last month. I have devoted myself assiduously to the task, by full and thorough conference with officers and men who were with the expedition under Captain Totten, of the State forces, and Captain Fosset, of the Confederate forces, and who actively participated in the battle. The substantial facts, as I have gathered them, are about as follows: About the --- day of --- last, Captain Gillentin, of the Second Frontier District, who was out with a scout beyond the settlements, reported to Major Erath's headquarters that he had discovered a large Indian trail crossing the Brazos River and going in a southwest course. He asked for large re-enforcements, whereupon Major Erath ordered Captain Totten, the senior captain of the Second District, to proceed as soon as possible, with about --- men, to re-enforce Captain Gillentin and follow the trail. He did so, striking the trail about where the Indians had crossed the Brazos River. The trail was a large one, and separated into two trails. Captain Totten took the one running nearest to the settlements. It continued in a southwesterly direction, diverging from the settlements and pointing to the headwaters of the Concho. The other trail (said to be the larger) bore in a more westerly direction still farther from the settlements. The trail followed, from its general appearance, the number of wigwams at the camping places, &amp;c., showed that the party of Indians numbered several hundred. The evidences seemed abundant to all with whom I have conversed that they were civilized Indians, and there was nothing discovered that led to the belief that they were unfriendly, further than the simple fact that they were Indians traveling upon the soil of Texas without any notice being given to the civil or military authorities of the country of their presence in the country or of their intentions. The distances from their respective camps showed

