
MAY 8, 1865. - Skirmish near Readsville, Mo.

Report of Captain Samuel W. Hopkins, Warren County, Missouri, Militia.
HEADQUARTERS,Warrenton, Mo., May 11, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on Monday, the 8th instant, Corporal Gentry, with five men of my company, while on a scout in the western part of Montgomery County, and hearing of a few bushwhackers taking breakfast at a house near Readsville, Callaway County, and while on his way, fell in with twelve bushwhackers, who passed themselves as Fulton Militia, being dressed in Federal uniform. The two squads rode along together near three miles, when they ordered them to halt and demanded them to surrender, and commenced firing simultaneously, killing 2 soldiers, wounding 2, and capturing 1. One man made his escape unhurt. There were two citizens, old soldiers, with my men, both supposed to be killed. The bushwhackers then took the prisoner and started a northeast course, telling the prisoner if he would pilot them to the Troy road, near Florence, thy would spare his life. On the way the bushwhackers asked many questions concerning the disposal of troops in this and other counties, stating that there would be a large number of bushwhackers in Missouri this summer. On arriving at the Troy road, near Florence, six of the bushwhackers took the prisoner, Tabourn Ford, out to shoot him. He dodged the firs shot, and made his escape, severely wounded. None of the bushwhackers have as yet been caught. My men are after them.

I am, general, with respect, your obedient servant,

S. W. HOPKINS,

Captain, Commanding Warren County Volunteers, Missouri Militia.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of North Missouri.

MAY 8-10, 1865. -Scout in Saline, La Fayette, and Cooper Counties, Mo.

Report of Captain James D. Eads, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS STATION,Marshall, Mo., May 10, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I have had my entire available force scout in Saline, La Fayette, and Cooper Counties. I was in the saddle three days in command in person. On the morning of the 8th instant I struck their trail east of Brownsville, and followed them down to Napton's Bridge. There nineteen of the rascals crossed. We followed them till about 4 p. m., when about three miles east of Jonesburg, Mo., we disperered them, but found no picked horses or stolen goods. I divided my men after them, some of them going toward the mouth of the La Mine River, others of the guerrillas making toward Saline City. My men are still after them. I am of the opinion that the largest number of the rebels went south of Booneville and will strike the Missouri River about Joly's Bottom. I shall give them no rest in this county while horseflesh is able to move and men to ride. I likewise have the infantry moving to the best advantage. My cavalry

