
have marched sixteen miles each day; that is, made an average for each man sixteen miles. There are but few bushwhackers in this county.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. EADS,

Captain Company M, 1st Cav. Missouri State Militia, Commanding Station.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Central Missouri, Warrensburg, Mo.

MAY 8-20, 1865. -Scout from Plum Creek to Midway Station, Nebr. Ter.

Report of Captain Thomas J. Weatherwax, First Nebraska Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY G, FIRST NEBRASKA VET. VOL. CAV.,Plum Creek, May 22, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with verbal instructions from General Connor, commanding District of the Plains, I left this garrison in command of fifty-eight enlisted men, mounted, thoroughly armed and equipped, with twenty-one days' rations, in pursuit of the band of Indians who made the attack upon the train near Mullahla's Station on the 5th instant. Leaving on the 8th instant at 4 p. m., marched with my command and bivouacked at French's old ranch, ten miles west from this post. On the following morning I found it not only impracticable but impossible to ford the Platte River at that point. Left orders with my command to prepare for an early start and speedy march. I proceeded to make examination farther up the river, and meeting with the same success as first. When near Mullahla's was informed that a party of Indians had made a descent upon the stock at that station. Believing it to be the same band ordered to pursue, I immediately dispatched a messenger with instructions for the command to hastily prepare three days' rations. I then took trail of Indians; traveled due south across Plum Creek to a point on Mud Creek; passed-down that stream to within ten miles of its mouth. My advance guard pressed the Indians (tn in all) so closely they took to the canons. It now being dark we lost the trail, and were compelled in consequence to close further chase for the day. On 10th, at early dawn, I move rapidly down Mud Creek to its mouth. Finding no trail or signs, I halted for some two hours for the purpose of grazing my animals and sending out a reconnoitering party to ascertain sign of Indians. Making no further discoveries I then returned and encamped for the night upon my old camp of the 9th. On 11th, at 7 a. m. I moved in a northwest course between the Mud a Plum Creeks, arriving at Midway Statin at 5 p. m. During this day's march found the grass short and poor; no water during the day. Many of my ponies, being in weak condition, gave out and broke down from fatigue, want of water, &amp;c., and were with much difficulty brought into camp. After a rest of two hours at Midway I move east to Muslahla's; encamped. 12th, this morning with Pat. Mullahla and several other citizens, old residents of this valley who are conversant with the crossings of the Platte, together with my command, I made several attempts to cross, getting at one time about three-quarters of the way over; was forced back and found it a matter of utter impossibility to effect a crossing. At 4 p. m., upon receiving a telegram from colonel commanding East Sub-District, to the effect that Indians had attacked.

