
our men at Dan. Smith's with instructions to proceed at once, I immediately started for the scene of attack. Upon arriving at Midway I was there informed by Captain Ivory that he had just returned from Dan. Smith's, and that the Indians had driven off the stock across the river. Being at a late hour, I concluded to remain and attempt another crossing at that point, in conjunction with Captain Ivory, on the following a. m. 13th, after procuring two ox wagons, placing false bottoms in the beds, loading ammunition saddles, &amp;c., then proceeded to the river, selecting four of my best men and horses, who proceeded in the stream about midway, when two horses floundered and unhorsed the riders; were compelled to put back to shore. After making several other ineffectual attempts were forced to give up the idea of crossing, and returned to camp and marched to Dan. Smith's, with a view of crossing on the following morning. On 14th a detail of my command was stripped of their clothing and the largest and best ponies selected for another effort to cross. One man of the party, by almost superhuman effort, arrived on the opposite bank; returning, reported it impossible to get ammunition over without damaging to such an extent as to render it useless. The smaller and weaker portion of my ponies could by no means cross. 15th, this day, with my command, I remained on the river bank, the stream not receding. 16th, remaining in camp as day before; sending out, however, reconnoitering parties to ascertain signs or whereabouts of Indians. 17th, at 8 a. m., I moved with my command east to Mullahla's Station, arriving at 1 p. m. ; encamped. 18th, remaining in camp with greater portion of my command, sending out parties to scout and scour the country around, though finding no signs of Indians. 19th, I took twenty-five men and moved south, then west, and again east, traversing the country thoroughly between Plum Creek and Midway, and for miles around. Finding no signs or indications of Indians, returned to camp at dark same evening. 20th, early this morning I received telegraphic dispatch from the colonel commanding East Sub-District to return to the garrison at Plum Creek, which I did, arriving about 12 m., traveling altogether about 200 miles. Not being able to take a sufficiency of forage, the grass short, my animals fared badly, and many gave out and broke down. They are, however, entirely unfit for service of this kind. I herewith inclose a diagram* of the country passed over.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS J. WEATHERWAX,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

Lieutenant S. A. LEWIS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter.

MAY 8-22, 1865. -Expedition from Spring Hill, Ala., to Baton Rouge, La.

Report of Brigadier General Joseph Bailey, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division of Cavalry, Military Division of West Mississippi.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV. OF CAVALRY,MILITARY DIVISION OF WEST MISSISSIPPI,

Baton Rouge, La., May 24, 1865.

I respectfully submit the following report:

On the 8th day of May, 1865, having previously assembled my command at Spring Hill, Ala., I moved with the same for Baton Rouge, La.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

