
returned whenever claimants appeared; but I apprehend that there are those who have lost such animals who will find them only with the crowd which I would not permit with me, but most likely followed me in. The condition of the command after the completion of the march was excellent. The cavalry horses and animals of the pontoon train were in better condition generally than when the command started. They, with all other animals, were supplied throughout with all the grain they could eat. The wagon trains, having been supplied with old and broken-down animals, lost many on the march, but those that came through are better fitted for a campaign to-day than they were three weeks ago. I have to speak very highly of the general conduct of all the troops of my command during the entire march, and to thank the officers of the different regiments, almost without exception, for their uniform assistance and for their attention to duty. The pontoon train which accompanied me with its detachment of pontoniers is one of the very best organizations I have ever met in service. I cannot commend Lieutenant Conrad, its commanding officer, too highly for his energy and very strict attention. The pontoon bridge was a most valuable auxiliary, and could not have been dispensed with. The pioneer corps, composed of detachments from each regiment, and all under the command of Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Thornburgh, Fourth Tennessee Cavalry, labored most assiduously, and is deserving of especial credit for the great amount of work done on the route, and for the thoroughness with which it was done.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Brigadier General, Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division of Cavalry,

Military Division of West Mississippi.

Major General P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Chief of Staff, Military Division of West Mississippi.

MAY 10-19, 1865. -Scout from Fort Sumner, N. Mex.

Report of Captain Emil Frity, First California Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Sumner, N. Mex., May 19, 1865.

Captain BEN. C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed please find the report of Captain Fritz, who returned to this post to-day. The Indians mentioned as being on the Rio Salado will be sent for on the 21st instant. I would respectfully suggest that a party of troops be ordered to bring in those said to be in the mountains east of Albuquerque.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. McCLEAVE,

Major, First California Cavalry, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORT SUMNER, N. MEX., May 19, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that I left this post on May 10, 1865, per Special Orders, Numbers 57, dated headquarters Fort Sumner, N. Mex., May 9, 1865, and proceeded in the direction of Fort Bascom to Rio de las Conchas and Chaperita, and from there down the Pecos back to Fort Sumner, where I arrived this morning. On my

