
skirmish line was nearly three-quarters of a mile in length and, reaching from the river bank, was so extended as to protect both our front and right flank. Every attempt of the enemy's cavalry to break this line was repulsed with loss to him, and the entire regiment fell back with precision and in perfect order, under circumstances that would have tested the discipline of the best troops. Seizing upon every advantageous position, the enemy's fire was returned deliberately and with effect. The fighting continued three hours. The last volley of the war, it is believed, was fired by the Sixty-second U. S. Colored Infantry about sunset of the 13th of May, 1865. between White's Ranch and the Boca Chica, Tex. Our entire loss in killed, wounded, and captured was 4 officers and 111 men. In several instances our meant were fired upon from the Mexican side of the Rio Grande. Upon our occupation of Brownsville a few days later it was reported, upon what appeared to be good authority, that during the engagement a body of Imperial cavalry crossed the Rio Grande from Matamoras to Brownsville, doubtless with a view of aiding the rebels. Reports in detail of this action were forwarded to department headquarters at New Orleans shortly after the engagement took place. As these reports may never have reached the Adjutant-General's Office, the foregoing statement of the last actual conflict between hostile forces in the great rebellion is respectfully submitted.

I am, general, with high respect, your most obedient servant,

THEODORE H. BARRETT,

Colonel Sixty-second U. S. Colored Infantry.

Bvt. Major General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

Numbers 2 Report of Lieutenant Colonel David Branson, Sixty-second U. S. Colored Troops. HDQRS. SIXTY-SECOND Regiment U. S. COLORED INFANTRY, Brazos Santiago, Tex., May 18, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following detailed report of the operations of the troops under my command on the 11th, 12th, 13th, and 14th of this month:

On the morning of the 11th, in pursuance of instructions from Colonel T. H. Barrett, commanding post, I reported at 4 a. m. at your headquarters at the landing with 250 men, properly officered, ready to cross to Point Isabel. A storm coming, and steamer intended to be used for ferry breaking her machinery, I returned, as ordered, to camp, and prepared to cross at Boca Chica, with 100 rounds of ammunition and seven days' rations (afterward five days' only, by Colonel Barrett's verbal order). Owing to a severe storm the crossing was with great difficulty effected by 9. 30 p. m., with 250 of the Sixty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, and 50 men of Second Texas Cavalry, not mounted, under First Lieutenant Hancock and Second Lieutenant James. Two six-mule teams were taken to haul surplus rations, ammunition, &amp;c. At 2 a. m. of the 12th, after making a long circuitous march, we surrounded White's Ranch, where we expected to capture a rebel outpost of sixty-five men, horses, and cattle, but they had been gone a day or two. Owing to the exhausted condition of the men I could not reach Palmetto Ranch before daylight to surprise it, and therefore hid my command in a

