
sary, fit to command companies. We reached Boca Chica at 8 p. m. and crossed at 4 a. m. of the 14th, having at the time four men missing, two of whom afterward escaped from the enemy. The entire operation demonstrated the fact that the negro soldiers can march; also that this regiment can keep order in the ranks and be depended upon under trying circumstances. Great skill in skirmishing was exhibited by Captain Miller and Lieutenant Foster and the men under their command. The Texas cavalry, not yet mounted, officers and men, while under my command, behaved splendidly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID BRANSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixty-second U. S. Colored Infty.

Lieutenant I. B. RUSH,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Forces. Brazos Santiago, Tex.

MAY 12-14, 1865. -Scout from Cottonwood, Nebr. Ter.

Report of Lieutenant Martin B. Cutler, First Battalion Nebraska Cavalry.

POST COTTONWOOD, NEBR. TER., May 18, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report:

I was sent with twenty-three mounted [men] (eighteen of my company and five of Company C, Third U. S. Volunteer Infantry) east as far as Smith's Ranch as escort to Surgeon Willey, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, to attend wounded soldiers at Smith's Ranch and to render what assistance I could to Captain C. F. Porter. Left Cottonwood at 3 p. m. May 12, 1865, expecting to return same evening or following morning. When arriving at Gilman's Station, fifteen miles east of this post, I found that Captain C. F. Porter was after Indians who had shot two men at Smith's Ranch, and also had driven off some of Smith's stock, and that he was crossing Platte River two miles above Smith's Ranch in pursuit of said Indians. I borrowed two pounds of bacon each for my men, going with the ambulance to within abut two miles of Smith's Ranch. The surgeon thinking he would not need the escort for that short distance, and as he could have an escort on return trip to post Cottonwood, I started to join Captain Porter, who was at the time going out of the river on the north side. Finding the place he had gone into the river, I halted about ten minutes, had the men secure their arms and ammunition, and started to cross the river about 6. 30 p. m. At place of crossing the river is about one mile wide and from two to six feet deep, without any islands till within a short distance of the north bank of the river. Succeeded in getting nineteen men and eighteen horses over the river by dark (including Lieutenant Sheffield, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, who went as a volunteer, and myself). Lost one horse in river and sent back three horses after finding that they could not make the crossing. Some of the horses were not able to carry their riders but a short distance, the men having to swim or wade by the side of their horses a good share of the way, thereby losing their ammunition. One of the horses that did get over had given out. Left him and rider and the man who lost his horse in the river, with orders to return to Smith's Ranch in the morning. n I found nearly all the ammunition destroyed by water, having left only fifteen rounds to the man, and only eighteen

