
men, including Lieutenant Sheffield and myself, able to go on. Captain Porter had been gone about two hours in a north direction, as I learned from one of his men left on the bank of the river to inform me of his course. I left the river just after dark, marching in a northerly direction for the distance of abut four miles to the bluffs where Captain Porter was last seen, but could not follow his trail in the night. Thinking that Captain Porter would travel ten or twelve miles, being two hours in advance, and wishing to be in his vicinity in the morning, I marched my command about fifteen miles, camping about 11 o'clock. At daylight in the morning I scattered the men in all directions to find the trail. Found it at 7 a. m., May 13, about five miles west of camp. I followed the trail as fast as possible for about four hours, having marched about twenty or twenty-five miles, most of the time in a canon running from northwest to southeast, leaving it three times, going up on the bluffs for a mile or so and then returning. Arriving on the high prairie at the head of this canon the trail could no longer be seen, they having scattered out without leaving any sign to follow them by. I then separated the men at intervals of 100 yards and continued on for about five miles. Could not discover the trail. When about twenty miles from the Platte River one of the men of Company C, Third U. S. Volunteers, was taken sick. I was forced to send a man back with him to the river, thereby reducing our number to sixteen men. Concluding that Captain Porter had lost the trail at the same place and had returned by some other route and knowing that I was about forty miles from Platte River, the men being without water since the night and also short of ammunition, I could not take the advance, and if Captain Porter had returned and not knowing the distance to Wood River, as we had been going in a northwest direction, I thought best to return, which I did. Arrived at Platte River in the night. Crossed next morning. Found Captain Weatherwax with fifty men on south side, near Smith's Ranch. Said he would cross that day. I arrived at Gilman's Ranch at noon and at post Cottonwood at 6 p. m. May 14, 1865. Same evening heard that Captain Porter had returned.

I am, lieutenant, yours, very respectfully,

MARTIN B. CUTLER,

First Lieutenant Company C, First Battalion Nebraska Vet. Cav.

Lieutenant EUGENE S. SHEFFIELD,

Seventh Iowa Cavalry, Post Adjutant.

MAY 13, 1865. -Skirmish with Indians at Dan Smith's Ranch, near Julesburg, Colo. Ter.

Report of Captain George F. Price, Second California Cavalry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULESBURG, May 13, 1865 - 5. 30 p. m.

Twenty or thirty Indians attempted to run off stock this morning at Dan Smith's. Troops fought them all morning. Also attacked Captain Porter's post wagon five miles below Gilman's, wounding two men. Three Indians killed. Major O'Brien has sent all mounted men he has to assist Captain Porter.

Respectfully,

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier-General CONNOR.

