
MAY 14, 1865. -Skirmish on the Little Piney, Mo.

Report of Colonel John Morrill, Sixty-fourth Illinois Infantry, commanding District of Rolla.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., May 19, 1865.

Captain Murphy, with detachment of Texas and Pulaski County militia, attacked a party of guerrillas on headwaters of Little Piney, killing 3 and wounding 1. On the 14th instant a detachment of ten men of the same company, under a sergeant, attacked a party of thirty-five guerrillas near the same place, killing 2 and wounding 4. The guerrillas fled toward Hartville. With such leaders as Captain Murphy the militia will do good service.

JOHN MORRILL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General Saint Louis.

MAY 14-16, 1865. -Expedition from Brashear City to Ratliff's Plantation, La.

Report of Lieutenant Charles H. Potter, Eleventh U. S. Colored Heavy Artillery.

BRASHEAR, May 16, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report a tour of duty as officer in command of flag-of truce boat, steamer Cornie, as per order dated, viz:
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Brashear, May 14, 1865.

Commanding OFFICER BATTN. ELEVENTH U. S. COLORED HEAVY ARTY.:

SIR: You will furnish a detail of fifteen men, under the charge of Lieutenant Charles H. Potter, to report on board the steamer Cornie immediately. The men will be fully equipped and armed with forty rounds of ammunition in their cartridge-boxes, and one day's rations in their haversacks. Lieutenant Potter will receive further instructions on board the Cornie.

By command of Lieutenant Colonel R. F. Atkins, Ninety-eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, commanding post:

W. H. STILLMAN,

Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.

Pursuant to the above order I embarked with the above detail specified at 5. 15 p. m. May 14, 1865, and proceeded to the plantation of Mr. John Bertram Blanco, situated on Sand Bayou, about three miles from Brashear City, where we found the estate submerged, about four feet of water in the shallowest places. Being obliged to cut away the rafters of the cattle shed in order to place sufficient gang planks for the cattle to come on board the steamer, we were detained some time at this plantation, where we received on board about twenty-five head of cattle, twenty hogs and shoats; also the family of Mr. Blanco, consisting of Mr. John Bertram Blanco, wife, and three children; total, five. Then we received at Mr. Valgrand Verret's two beef-cattle, which we landed at Brashear Monday night, May 15, at 2 a. m., and crossed the river to Berwick, where we landed stock belonging to Blanco; thence took him and family to Felright's place, about a mile below Berwick.

