
Allow me to represent that in Sand Bayou, where we took on board Bertram Blanco and Verret, that the sweep of current was so powerful as to carry the steamer among the woods on the starboard quarter, doing some damage to the boat, fortunately extricated by the superior management of Captain Conklin; also among the intricate labyrinths of Bayou Penchant, where we had removed Madam Ratliff. I cannot omit my commendation of his superior judgment. Thence we proceeded at 3 a. m. to Bear's plantation, where we took on board four cords of wood and left immediately for Mr. Ratliff's, where we received on board steamer thirty-five head of cattle, ten head of sheep, two head of hogs; also Mrs. Lydia Ratliff, N. C. Bigler (daughter of Mrs. Ratliff), Miss Julia Ann Ratliff (daughter of Mrs. Ratliff), Mr. N. C. Bigler, and Mr. Frank Beadle. Took on board two cows belonging to Beadle from Bayou Chene. From there we came down Bayou Chene to Bayou Penchant, and passed through the most intricate swamp and bayou I have ever seen, for over twenty-five miles, where we arrived at 8 o'clock May 14, 1865, at a point about forty feet above the rise of water at that time. This is the only land I have seen for a distance of nearly fifty miles below Berwick. Shew Island, about half a mile from where we landed Mrs. Ratliff, is in Penchant Lake, but not where we could reach with the steamer, and is considerably higher than any land in that precinct. At Madam Ratliff's we were obliged to leave sixty "gums" of bees drowned, or so infuriated as to be unapproachable. Beal's plantation, on Bayou Chene, is inundated. Forty head of cattle we could not move. Mr. F. Beadle had ten head of cattle and many others we could not receive, that must evidently suffer, if not perish. The rise of water while we lay at Madam Ratliff's yesterday was nearly four inches in about four or five hours. Be kind enough to allow me to represent that there are no quarters on board steamer for any officer commanding any expedition; also that there is no flag of truce belonging to said boat.

I have the honor to remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. POTTER,

1st Lieutenant Co. B, 11th U. S. Colored Heavy Arty., Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant W. H. STILLMAN,

Post Adjutant.

MAY 15-17, 1865. -Scout from Pine Bluff to Johnson's Farm, Ark., with skirmish (16th) on the Monticello Road.

Report of Captain John H. Norris, thirteenth Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY m, THIRTEENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Pine Bluff, Ark., May 17, 1865.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders I proceeded on Monday, 15th instant, with thirty men to the Johnson farm. Lay there until 1 a. m. 16th instant, and proceeded with Captain Mallory on by-paths and neighborhood roads around by Price's, Strong's, and Harris'. Found no enemy at either place. Harris was not at home. His wife said Captain Kidd had taken him off twelve days ago, and she had not heard from him since. We proceeded from there to the upper Monticello road, and found fresh horse tracks coming toward Pine Bluff. I soon learned it was Lieutenant Dixon, of Captain Kidd's company, with

