
eight or ten men. I pushed forward to Busby's Bridge, and hearing from citizens whom I met that Kidd with twenty men was moving toward Pine Bluff late Monday afternoon, I resolved (at the suggestion of Captain Mallory) to wait there a few hours, hoping to meet with him or Dixon. Placed one platoon under Sergeant Day, of Company M, about 300 yards this side of the house, and proceeded with the remainder below the crossing; secreted the horses and awaited his arrival. In about one hour he came with ten or twelve men, crossed the bayou, and perceiving us moving in his rear, he started in a gallop up the road, and ran in gunshot of Sergeant Day's platoon. Perceiving them, he halted only long enough to fire one volley, and wheeled to his left into the brush, and plunging through a dense thicket and morass succeeded in reaching the bayou and crossing, although the fire was vigorously returned by my men, and the whole party headed off from passing up or down the bayou. We captured one prisoner and several official orders and documents belonging to Captain Kidd, including his company roll, all of which were brought in yesterday by Captain Mallory. I do not know that any were wounded. The party was not so large in the afternoon as the forenoon. I came back as far as McGee's, three miles, hoping to meet with Dixon, but not meeting with him I turned through the back country down the bayou, hoping to meet with each of them. I pushed on four miles below Busby's Bridge to Rodgers' (one of Kidd's favorite haunts), but Dixon had nnd Kidd with a few men only had passed in a great hurry about two hours before I arrived. I moved from there on the other side of the bayou up to Busby's bridge again, and, hoping to intercept Dixon or some straggling party, I camped there for the night. Nothing occurred. I arrived in camp at noon to-day. My opinion is that Kidd and Dixon will unite and operate somewhere in the bottom below here for a short time, or will fall back about Branchville, between here and Monticello. I am, well satisfied that there is a small force at Hamburg and Lacey, and if a scout of 100 or 150 men should be sent down there and properly managed a great many would lay down their arms and the remainder would be easily captured.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. NORRIS,

Captain Company M, Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Scout.

Captain S. MONTE CAMBERN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 18, 1865. -Skirmish with Indians near Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter.

Report of Lieutenant William H. Barlett, Third U. S. Volunteers.

POST COTTONWOOD, NEBR. TER., May 22, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have received information by letter from Jefferson Fields, late fifth sergeant of this company, to the effect that on the 10th instant he left Fort Leavenworth, Kans., in charge of a detachment of men for Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter. ; and on the 18th instant was attacked by Indians and lost 2 men killed and 6 wounded, he being one of the latter, having received an arrow through his left shoulder. among the killed was Private William J. Mers, of

18 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

