
this company, and among the wounded, beside the above mentioned, was Private Rinaldo Hedges, also of this company. One of the wounded men was scalped. The wounded are at Fort Kearny. Fields further states that before leaving Fort Leavenworth he made application for arms, but none were furnished him. In my opinion, the officer who ordered him away from Fort Leavenworth, unarmed as he was, to make a march of nearly 300 miles through a country known for the most part to be infested by a savage and barbarous enemy, and unaccompanied by any armed force whatever, committed a grievous error, and should be held to account for so flagrant a breach of humanity, not to say neglect of duty; and I beg leave to call the attention of the commanding officer of the regiment to the facts in the case, and respectfully request that he take the matter in hand and adopt such measures as will tend to attach the blame where it belongs, so that the guilty as well as the innocent may share in the sufferings caused by some unworthy official dignitary's mismanagement. It is too bad to have men thus massacred and not institute an inquiry into the primary cause thereof and have the guilty ones punished.

Hoping that action will be taken in the matter, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. BARTLETT,

First Lieutenant, Third regt. U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Company C.

Lieutenant J. L. CROWLEY,

Adjutant 3rd Regiment U. S. Vols., Julesburg, Colo, Ter.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD REGIMENT U. S. VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Julesburg, Colo. Ter., May 24, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters District of the Plains, for the consideration of the brigadier-general commanding.

C. H. McNALLY,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Julesburg, Colo. Ter., May 27, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Colonel R. R. Livingston, commanding East Sub-District of the Plains, who will cause an immediate and searching investigation of within alleged circumstance and return papers to this office.

By command of Brigadier-General Connor:

GEO. F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS EAST SUB-DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter., May 29, 1865.

Respectfully returned, with the information that an investigation has been had, and the report forwarded to headquarters District of the Plains on the 27th instant.

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Veteran Cavalry, Commanding Sub-District.

