
MAY 18, 1865. -Skirmish with Indians on the Coteau, Minn.

Report of Brigadier General Henry H. Sibley, U. S. Army, commanding District of Minnesota.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA,DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,

Saint Pul, Minn., May 28, 1865.

MAJOR: I am happy to be able to report that on the 18th instant a party of five of my Indian scouts, headed by Charles Crawford, a mixed blood, discovered and immediately attacked a war party of eight Sioux who were coming down toward the settlements, and after a long and exciting pursuit of more than twenty-five miles three of the hostile Indians were killed and the remainder only escaped by abandoning their food, clothing, and other effects. The party was headed by Black Legs, a notorious ruffian (whose brother was killed last year by our troops south of the Ridgely), whose arrival on the frontier I have been anticipating for some weeks, having received notice of his intention to revenge the death of his relative. The encounter above narrated took place at the head of the Coteau, twenty miles above Wadsworth. A few more experiences of the same kind will cool the courage of the raiders. I am much pleased with the zeal and fidelity exhibited by these Sisseton Sioux scouts. Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, commanding Third Sub-District, writes from Fort Abercrombie, 23rd instant, that information had been sent him from the Upper Cheyenne River by Mr. Wilkie, an intelligent half-breed, formerly a member of the Territorial Legislature of Minnesota, that there are more war parties leaving the grand rendezvous near Devil's Lake for our border than at any time since the commencement of the war. He says more or less pass down every day. It is to be regretted that the fountain of the evil cannot be reached by a competent force, and I hope General Sully's column will be directed thither. There was a report in the city yesterday that six families of whites had been butchered by the Chippewas on the water of the Upper Saint Croix, but I have no report from the officer stationed in command of a detachment at Chengwatona, near which it was stated the occurrence took place, and I am therefore not inclined to credit the rumor, although, as I have already reported, there would not be matter of surprise if an outbreak should take place in that quarter at any time.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Northwest, Milwaukee, Wis.

MAY 18-20, 1865. -Scout from Lebanon to Warsaw, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Stephen L. Wiles, Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry.

LEBANON, May 24, 1865.

Personally appeared before me Lieutenant Stephen L. Wiles, Company H, Sixteenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, who states that he was under command of Captain Morgan Kelly, Company I, Sixteenth Missouri Volunteer Cavalry, on a scout after the rebels which passed near Lebanon.

