
The scout started from Lebanon, Mo., in pursuit of said rebel band on the 18th instant; marched until 9 or 10 p. m., traveling some thirty-five miles. Ascertained from citizens the rebels had passed there about one hour before sunset. Captain Kelly then camped for the night. Started on march the next morning half an hour or an hour after sunrise, traveling very hard until about 10 a. m., when Captain Kelly received information that Major Cosgrove and the rebels were fighting. Captain Henderson [sic] a charge about three miles, where we caught two men, who informed Captain Kelly that Cosgrove had not been fighting. The rebels had just passed through the prairie about three miles ahead of our scout when Captain Kelly halted and rested the horses about three-quarters of an hour, during which time fifteen or twenty citizens came to the scout. Captain Kelly then followed on about four or five miles, when he came to a little store where the rebels stopped about half an hour. Captain Kelly halted about half an hour, changing horses. Citizens stated the rebels were one hour and a quarter ahead. Captain Kelly marched about one mile and a half and fed the horses, stopping about one hour; then Captain Kelly marched to the Pomme de Terre bridge, where the captain had information that the rebels would cross. He arrived at the bridge about 12 p. m., leaving about thirty men, whose horses had given out before he reached the bridge. Guarded the bridge until daylight the next morning, when he started for Warsaw. On arriving there Captain Kelly learned the rebels had been there late the evening before. Failing to cross, they started in direction of the bridge. Captain then received information from citizens that the rebels had crossed the Pomme de Terre one mile above the bridge about one hour before daylight, marching in direction of Quincy. The rebels were then about nine miles and for hours ahead. The most of the scout were unable to keep up the pursuit farther. The captain then turned the scout and marched thence to Lebanon.

STEPHEN L. WILES,

Lieutenant, Sixteenth Cavalry Missouri Volunteers.

Brigadier-General SANBORN.

Sworn and subscribed to before me this 24th day of May, 1865.

JOHN R. FORSTER,

Assistant Provost-Marshal.

MAY 18-27, 1865. -Expedition against Indians in Dakota Territory.

Report of Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS NORTH SUB-DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter., May 27, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the capture of Two Face and Black Foot, Sioux chiefs of the Ogalalla tribe, along with their band, and of the execution of the two chiefs:

About the 18th instant some Indians were discovered on the north side of the Platte near the Indian village, encamped ten miles east of Laramie. Mr. Elston, in charge of Indian village, took a party of Indian soldiers and captured what was found to be Two Face, having a white woman prisoner (Mrs. Eubanks) and her little daughter, whom he

