
had purchased from the Cheyennes. During the same evening and next morning early the other Indians who were with Two Face, and who had fled on approach of Elston's party, were also captured and all lodged in guard-house here. Mrs. Eubanks gave information of whereabouts of Black Foot and the village, and a party of Indian soldiers started to bring then in, dead or alive. The village was found about 100 miles northeast of here, on Snake Fork, and compelled to surrender without being able to make any fight. Black Foot and his companions were placed in the guard-house with the others, making six men in confinement. Both of the chiefs openly boasted that they had killed white men and that they would do it again if let loose, so I concluded to tie them up by the neck with a trace chain, suspended from a beam of wood, and leave them there without any foothold. The property captured was as follows: Six U. S. mules, 3 U. S. horses, 5 mules not branded, but I believe claimed by some party down the river; 15 ponies in miserable condition, which I left in charge of Mr. Elston for the use of the Indian soldiers in scouting. The other animals were turned in to the acting assistant quartermaster, to be taken up on his return. On the person of Two Face was found $220 in greenbacks, which I gave to Mrs. Eubanks; also $50 taken fro another of the band. This lady was captured by the Cheyennes on Little Blue last fall, where her husband was killed along with several others. She was treated in a beastly manner by the Cheyennes, and purchased from them during the winter by Two Face and Black Foot, who compelled her to toil and labor as their squaw, resorting in some instances to lashes. She was in a wretched condition when she was brought in, having been dragged across the Platte with a rope. She was almost naked, and told some horrible tales of the barbarity and cruelty of the Indians.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of the Plains, Julesburg, Colo.

MAY 19-20, 1865. -Scout from Sweetwater Bridge to Whisky Gap, Dak. Ter.

Report of Captain James E. Greer, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS STATION,Sweetwater Bridge, Dak. Ter., May 23, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to order from these headquarters, a scout of fifteen men under command of Lieutenant James J. Clancy, upon a report by hunters of the presence of Indians in the vicinity of Whisky Gap of the Medicine Bow Mountains, started from this station at noon on the 19th instant in pursuit. Scout passed through the gap, thence to the southeast; struck the enemy's trail running directly southward. No Indians were seen and no other sign than their trail. The lieutenant commanding thinks these were a party out for the double purpose of hunting and stealing and estimates their number at fifteen. The hunting party above mentioned came in contact with and fired upon them, but being on foot did not seek further fight. The Indians, however, moved off without paying them a pass-

