
ing notice more than changing their direction of march. They were well mounted and carried shields. One of the party was taken to be a white man. Distance traveled by the scouting party, sixty-six miles. Returned on the evening of the 20th instant.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. E. GREER,

Captain, Commanding Station.

Lieutenant I. I. TABER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 19-22, 1865. -Scout from Kingsville, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Morris S. Rice, Fifty-first Wisconsin Infantry.

MEMORANDA.

Started from Kingsville at 9 p. m. of the 19th instant; marched in a northeasterly direction about two miles; crossed two small belts of timber, respectively one and one mile and a half from camp; reached the old distillery and turned due north; crossed another belt of timber about one-quarter of a mile wide, some thick brush with small timber running about east and west; came out on a small prairie and turned about northwest, and traveled two or two [miles] and a half, then struck Little Blackwater Bottoms, traveled about one and a half or two miles in it in a northwest course, then changed to north and went about the same distance. Bottoms [had] some large timber with very thick growth of underbrush. At 12 m. camped until daylight in the woods. No sign of the enemy yet. [May] 20, started at daylight and passed a cross-road. Before we had gone more than one-quarter of a mile turned due west; moved up a little ways and got breakfast; moved on at sunrise, still going west. In about half a mile came out on a small prairie, crossed over into Blackwater woods, again traveling a little north of west for about two miles, then followed the creek up nearly north for three miles, then moved due west one mile. Are now in the knobs; timber pretty heavy, with less underbrush. Passed by Howe's Quarry. Stopped about 9 a. m. on the road running north and south, over which a large body of cavalry had passed but a short time before, going north. Are now about seven miles from Kingsville, a little west of north. 11 a. m., moved due north half a mile to an old log school-house. Country very hilly, with good deal of timber. Stopped here at forks of the Lexington road until almost dark, then moved forward on the Lexington road one mile and a half to Mrs. Ellis' house. Learned that Jim Smith was here at dark last night with four men; think he stayed all night. Met a scouting party of the Fifty-second [Wisconsin]. They moved up the Blackwater woods on the trail of Smith and others. [May] 21, started out this morning in a westerly direction; struck the trail of three men mounted; followed them through the woods of Big Creek about ten miles, when they struck across the prairie and I could not follow any farther. Timber of the woods light, with very thick brush. Struck due south two miles and struck the Shawnee trail; moved then some east of south for about three miles into the woods again; crossed over Big Creek just before dark and secreted my men at Haunt's house; moved to camp at 3 a. m. of 22nd, distant four [miles] and a half and nearly south.

