
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-FIRST WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Kingsville, May 23, 1865.

The foregoing memoranda were handed to me by Lieutenant Rice, of Company C of this regiment, who commanded a scouting party from Companies C and D, consisting of twenty enlisted men and the lieutenant commanding. The lieutenant is now absent on another scout.

JOHN B. VLIET,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

MAY 19-26, 1865. -Scout from Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter.

Report of Captain Edwin R. Nash, Omaha Scouts.

FORT KEARNY, NEBR. TER., May 28, 1865.

SIR: On the 19th day of May, 1865, I was [ordered] by Colonel R. R. Livingston, commanding East Sub-District of the Plains, to proceed, with every available man of my company, south of Fort Kearny to the Blue River, and instructed, in case I found no trail of Indians north of that river, to cross it and proceed to the Republican River and search until I succeeded in finding a trail, and in case I did to follow it and kill and capture every Indian I could find. In obedience to these instructions I mounted every man I could and left Fort Kearny on the evening of the 19th with forty-nine men, and, striking in a due southern direction, marched all night and struck the Blue River at the headwaters at daylight the next morning. I camped there two hours, and marched to the Republican River, reaching it about 6 o'clock on the evening of the 20th; camped until 3 o'clock in the morning of the 21st, and marched in a due southern direction all day, and went into camp on a high bluff for the night. Hd no water, and none near us for some miles. Started at 4 o'clock in the morning of the 22nd, and taking a southeast course, went all day without finding a single trail. I camped on the evening of the 22nd on a small creek called by the Indians Sleeping Water. While in camp I sent out some of my men to look around this creek, and while out hey discovered fresh signs of Indians going in a northeast direction, the signs twenty-four old. I started before daylight the following morning (23rd) and followed the trail, and discovered the Indians ahead of us, about 3 p. m. As soon as they discovered us they prepared for battle, and as soon as I came within range I charged them with my squadron, when they fled precipitately, leaving all their camp equipage and provisions, &amp;c., and after pursuing them four miles I got sufficiently near them to discover they were Pawnees. I stopped them and, halting my men, I ordered the Pawnees, who now were near me, to go back to their camp and carry their provisions, &c., with them and accompany me back. They did so. One of the Pawnees went aside from the rest of the party and one of my men, thinking he was trying to escape, fired at the Pawnee, but did not hit him, but struck and killed his pony. I now formed my men as guards and escorted the Pawnees as far as Buffalo Station (the next station below Pawnee Station) and there left them camped on a small creek near the road. They assured me that they were going to their agency near Columbus, Nebr. Ter., and after leaving them I proceeded immediately for Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter., where I arrived at 10. 30 o'clock on

