
Indians who attacked the wagon transporting soldiers on the 18th instant, with instructions that if he found a fresh trail to notify me at once by a courier, otherwise to report to me at Pawnee Ranch, ten miles below Elm Creek, scouting both sides of the Little Blue in search of signs. At 10 a. m. I left Elm Creek and marched to Pawnee Ranch, where I went into camp. On my march I discovered a lodge-pole trail running north, which evidently had been made several days previous. Lieutenant Leland reported shortly after my arrival, and said the trail crossing the Little Blue was very small, and almost entirely disappeared on its south bank, and in his opinion would not warrant following. At 4 a. m. May 21 I left Pawnee Ranch in a southerly direction, leaving wagons and guard of ten men to go y the road to Little Blue Station. I scouted Liberty, Ox Bow, and Elk Creeks and the country adjacent without finding any Indian signs. Arrived at Little Blue Station at 4 p. m., having marched about forty-five miles during the day. The night of the 21st I received orders from headquarters East Sub-District of the Plains t station four mounted men at each stage station from Fort Kearny to Big Sandy, inclusive. Four men started for each station the morning of the 22nd, which reduced my command to ten enlisted men, with which I was ordered to proceed to Big Sany and escort Honorable Shuyler Colfax and other gentlemen of the Senate to Fort Kearny. While obeying this last order I discovered a trail crossing at Oak Grove. I arrived at Big Sandy at 3 p. m. May 23. At about 5 p. m. same day the overland coach arrived, having aboard General Connor, commanding District of the Plains, and the gentlemen above mentioned. General Connor directed that as the horses of my command had marched rapidly, and were fatigued, I remain at Big Sandy until such time as the horses were sufficiently rested, when I should proceed in search of trails made by Indians, and to ascertain, if possible, to what tribe they belong, and if necessary to go to the Pawnee Reservation. On the morning of the 24th instant I left Big Sandy for Little Blue Station, which place I reached at 6 p. m. same day. At Oak Grove, five miles east of Little Blue Station, I examined the trail heretofore mentioned. It crossed the Little Blue, leading south, where a large body of Indians had crossed and encamped for at least one night. This was afterward found to be the trail made by the Pawnees while on their way to their hunting ground. The morning of the 25th I heard that the Pawnees had recrossed the main road at or near Buffalo Stage Station, twelve miles west, and that they had in their possession a number of mules and American horses. I started in pursuit with the intention of overtaking them, but Mr. Metcalf, to whom I sent a communication to report to me at Buffalo to act as guide and interpreter, not having arrived, I pushed on to Pawnee Ranch, leaving the trail to the east about ten miles. At daylight on the 26th instant I left Mr. Metcalf's (Pawnee) Ranch in a northeast direction and struck the trail about fifteen mileschison road. This trail I followed until 8 p. m., crossing both forks of the Big Sandy, Turkey, and Beaver Creeks, when I rested and grazed my horses for about two hours. I again started on the trail and marched to the South Fork of Big Blue, where I went into camp for the night, having marched this day about sixty miles. At daylight on the 27th instant I was again on the march, and arrived on the south bank of Platte River (the old Pawnee Village) at 12 m. Rested my horses, crossed the river, and reached the Pawnee Agency at 6 p. m. I expected to overtake the Pawnees before they crossed Platte River. If I had found them before they arrived at the

