
MAY 20, 1865. -Skirmish on the Blackwater, near Longwood, Mo.

Report of Captain H. C. Donohue, Pettis County Volunteer Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS STATION,Longwood, Mo., May 22, 1865.

SIR: I have had my headquarters at this place since I left Sedalia, Mo., May 5, 1865, and I have scouted all through the Blackwater and Hess Creek country almost daily since I have been at this place, and I found nothing until last Saturday. Second Lieutenant B. L. Porter and twenty men of my company went on a scout west of this place some ten miles, and came upon the trail of some mounted men and traced them on into the woods near Blackwater. He then dismounted his command and took it upon foot and ran upon three bushwhackers, dismounted, in the brush. The bushwhackers, upon hearing his approach, broke through the brush and made their escape, leaving behind their horses and equipments, which fell into our hands. Those are the only bushwhackers I have found or heard of positively, and I would respectfully request permission of you to station my company at Dresden, Mo., at present, as it is a more convenient place for troops on account of forage, rations, &amp;c., than this place, and I believe that my company could effect more to be stationed at Dresden, Mo., and scout this portion of country than to be stationed here, as the bushwhackers make that, or near that point, their place to cross the Pacific Railroad to and fro from the river counties to the southwest part of the State.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. DONOHUE,

Captain, Pettis County Volunteer Missouri Militia.

Colonel JOHN G. CLARK,

Commanding 1st Sub-Dist., Central Dist. of Mo., Jefferson City, Mo.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. 1ST SUB-DISTRICT, CENTRAL DIST. OF MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., May 26, 1865.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Chester Harding, Jr., commanding Central District of Missouri, who will judge of the propriety of granting the within request without reference to my opinion, as I have at present no positive means of information. However, permit me to state that I have been informed that Longwood was near the trails of bushwhackers from Cooper to La Fayette County.

JOHN G. CLARK,

Colonel Fiftieth regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry,

Commanding First Sub-District, Central District of Missouri.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., May 30, 1865.

Respectfully returned to Colonel J. G. Clark, commanding First Sub-District.

The company may move to Dresden, but Captain Donohue must not allow his men to be idle or to straggle.

By order of Colonel C. Harding, Jr.:

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

