
MAY 20, 1865. -Affair near Pawnee Rock, Kans.

Report of Captain Benjamin Reisdorph, Second U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Zarah Kans., May 20, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to state that this morning about 8 o'clock, near Pawnee Rock, a party of Indians attacked two men coming from Fort Larned to this post, killing one man of the Second Colorado Cavalry by the name of Kuhn. The other made his escape. I have sent Lieutenant Ehle with a party of men in pursuit.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. REISDORPH,

Captain, Second U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant ROBERT S. ROE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Upper Arkansas, in the Field.

MAY 20, 1865. -Skirmishes on Deer Creek, Dak. Ter.

Report of Lieutenant William B. Godfrey, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.

CAMP ON DEER CREEK, DAK. TER., May 21, 1865.

SIR: In accordance with instructions, I have the honor to make the following report:

On the 20th instant myself with three men were attacked by twenty-five Indians three miles above our camp, on Deer Creek, Dak. Ter. After a brisk fight of two hours I succeeded in repulsing the Indians, killing 2 and, as near as I could ascertain, wounding 4. Simultaneous with the attack upon myself Sergeant Smythe, Company L, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, with six men, was attacked in camp by fifty Indians. After two hours and a half fighting the Indians abandoned the attack, with the loss of 3 killed and 5 wounded, 2 horses wounded and 1 killed. Our loss consisting of 5 horses, 3 of which were unserviceable, that the Indians succeeded in capturing in the camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B GODFREY,

Second Lieutenant Company D, Eleventh Kansas Vol. Cav.

Major N. A. ADAMS,

Eleventh Kansas Cavalry Volunteers.

MAY 20-22, 1865. -Operations about Three Crossings Station, Dak. Ter.

Report of Captain James E. Greer, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS STATION,Sweetwater Bridge, Dak. Ter., May 23, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 20th instant, at 11 a. m., I received a telegram from the operator at Three Crossings Station reporting that the Indians, in strong force, had invested, and that they were at that moment firing on the station, and that the garrison was very short of ammunition and could not hold out long. Ten minutes after the receipt of this report the line went down. At 12 o'clock m., with

