
advance guard of seven men were engaged. The rebels fought desperately, but ran off before the main body of our men came up. No casualties on either side. Lieutenant Davis was on the trail of four or six men who had crossed the Missouri River at the mouth of the La Mine when he came across the trail of Jackson. Jackson had five men with him. I do not think, general, that there are any bushwhackers who stay habitually in this county. Jim Jackson and his gang make their home in Blackfoot, in Boone, and make a raid occasionally into this county. I believe that Holtzclaw is with Jackson. In every instance, except the last of yesterday, where we have got after bushwhackers we have followed them into or came across them in Boone. The gang we fought yesterday had just arrived in this county the day before. I hope the warm welcome they received will admonish them to stay away.

I am, general, your most obedient servant,

WARREN W. HARRIS,

Commanding Howard County Company Volunteer Missouri Militia,

Organized under General Orders, Numbers 3.

P. S. -I have just received information from a reliable source that another dead bushwhacker has been found near the place where the fight took place yesterday, making five killed, and also a dead horse.

Yours, &amp;c.,

W. W. H.

Brigadier General I. V. PRATT,

Commanding First District, Missouri Militia, Macon, Mo.

MAY 24, 1865. -Scout from Napoleonville to Bayou Saint Vincent, La.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Captain Thomas W. Sayles, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Numbers 2. -Captain Andrew T. Bushee, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Thomas W. Sayles, Third Rhode Island Cavalry. HDQRS. COMPANY H, THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY, Napoleonville, La., May 25, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In accordance with orders received from headquarters post Napoleonville on the night of the 24th instant, I have the honor to respectfully submit the following report:

With a party of twenty-five men I proceeded to Bayou Saint Vincent and there divided my force, sending a part on one side of the bayou under a sergeant, and with the remainder I took the other side and proceeded as far as we could go with the horses, making a careful examination by the way, but not seeing or learning of any rebels being in that vicinity. Having carried out my instructions I returned to camp.

I have the honor to remain, sir, yours, respectfully,

THOS. W. SAYLES,

Captain Company H.

Lieutenant E. K. THOMPSON,

Adjutant Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

