
Numbers 2. Report of Captain Andrew T. Bushee, Third Rhode Island Cavalry. HDQRS. COMPANY D, THIRD RHODE ISLAND CAVALRY, Napoleonville, La., May 25, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I respectfully report that in compliance with orders received from headquarters Third Rhode Island Cavalry, May 24, 1865, I moved with twenty-five men on the Canal road four miles and a half. The water prevented my proceeding farther. I dismounted my men, examined the country, discovered no trace of the enemy, mounted, and returned to camp.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

A. T. BUSHEE,

Captain, Commanding Company D, Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

Lieutenant E. K. THOMPSON, Adjutant Third Rhode Island Cavalry.

MAY 25-27, 1865. -Expedition from Bayou Boeuf to Bayou De Large, La., with affair (27th) at Bayou De Large.

Report of Lieutenant Numa A. Pomponeau, First Louisiana Cavalry.

BAYOU BOEUF, LA., May 29, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of an expedition under my command, in obedience to instructions from your headquarters, May 25, 1865:

On the 25th I started with three enlisted men of Company K, First Louisiana Cavalry, and reported to Colonel Fuller, at Terre Bonne, on the morning of the 26th, who furnished me transportation to Houma, where I arrived at 10 a. m., and immediately proceeded to Negro Point with ten men of Captain Rhodes' company, Third Rhode Island Cavalry. After searching Negro Point and vicinity I was informed that the men for whom I was searching had been driven away by Lieutenant Omar Boudreaux, and were of C. S. Army; and learning of [his presence in] this vicinity I started in pursuit of him on the morning of the 27th. I surprised him in his camp on Bayou De Large back of J. Terrion's plantation. I found him and eleven men, who fled as soon as they discovered me. I got all of their arms, camp and garrison equipage. They made their escape, not having time to get their clothes on. I left Lieutenant Boudreaux in a condition unable to move or be moved alive, and I do not think he will give us any more trouble, although he was breathing when I left. I also wounded Sergt. Oscar Hymel, but he escaped in the marsh. Captured one of his men. The arms captured consisted of 7 muskets, 8 shotguns, 4 revolvers; ammunition, 12 pounds powder, 40 pounds shot and lead; also 8 blankets and 6 quilts. Prisoner and arms I turned in to provost-marshal at Houma. I also received information that Captain Hare with thirty or forty men is encamped between Bayou La Carp and bayou William, about fifteen miles from where Lieutenant Boudreaux was encamped on Bayou De Large. Being unable to discover the whereabouts of the men for whom I was sent, I abandoned the expedition and returned to this place.

I have the honor, captain, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NUMA A. POMPONEAU,

Second Lieutenant Company K, First Louisiana Cavalry.

Captain B. B. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, La Fourche District.

