
MAY 26-27, 1865. -Scout and skirmishes in Carroll and Ray Counties, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant David M. Freeman, Missouri Militia.
HEADQUARTERS,Carrollton, Mo., May 27, 1865.

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 26th instant I started with a detachment of my men after the guerrilla Captain A. Clement and eight men. After a chase of twenty miles I came up with them and immediately offered battle. With twelve of my best men I dismounted at a distance of a quarter of a mile; came down on a double-quick till within a few hundred yards, when they broke to the brush. I mounted, gave chase, came to the brush, dismounted, took the track in the brush some three miles, came on them with eight men, gave battle, and whipped them bad. Kept up the chase some four miles through bush and briar. Had a sharp fight in Crooked River timber. Followed the trail all day and rode all night, a distance of fifty miles, without rest, from Carrollton to the west part of Ray County, all the time without a road, most of the way in the thick brush. Whipped the guerrillas three times, killed or wounded three, captured a horse and prize, the captain's hat, and many other things. Lost nothing; none of my men hurt; had no accidents ho happen. My boys fight like veterans, making fun of the enemy all the time. They fight better than y expectations were. Now, general, if you want Jim Anderson captured, send me and thirty of my men and I will bring him in soon, so my men say they can track the bushmen like a dog will a deer. They are anxious to get the job of catching Jim and gang. I wish you would give me the job. I will follow him day and night till I get him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID M. FREEMAN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Scout.

General I. V. PRATT,

Macon City, Mo.

MAY 26-27, 1865. -Scout from Plum Creek, Nebr. Ter.

Report of Lieutenant Morgan A. Hance, First Nebraska Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY G, FIRST NEBRASKA VET. VOL. CAV.,Plum Creek, Nebr. Ter., May 29, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions received from headquarters post Plum Creek, dated May 26, 1865, I left this garrison at 10 p. m. with fourteen enlisted men thoroughly armed and equipped, with an amount of rations they could carry, arriving at Mullahla's Station at 2 a. m. of the 27th, there awaiting daybreak, when I returned to a point five miles east and took trail of the Indians, moving south for about six miles. At this point they appeared scattered. The tracks became so dim that I found it impossible to follow their trail. Upon diligent search I found they had retraced their steps in the direction of Platte River, which stream they had crossed at a point five miles and a half east of Mullahla's Station. As near as I could ascertain, the Indian band numbered about thirteen. As I could not discern cattle tracks either upon the march or entrance into the river, I am strongly impressed that they did not cross with the

