
cattle. The number of cattle driven off was nine head. A party of soldiers found three head in the bluffs south of Mullahla's. Finding it impracticable to cross the river in consequence of the recent rise, I proceeded directly toward Plum Creek, arriving in garrison at 6 p. m. on the 27th, after traveling fifty miles.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. A. HANCE,

First Lieutenant, First Nebraska Veteran Vol. Cav., Commanding Scout.

Lieutenant JOHN S. SEATON,

Post Adjutant, Plum Creek, Nebr. Ter.

MAY 26-JUNE 9, 1865. -Operations against Indians on the Overland Stage Road on the Platte and Sweetwater Rivers, with skirmishes (May 27) at Saint Mary's Station, (May 26, 28, and June 1) at Sweetwater Station, (June 3) at Platte Bridge, Dak. Ter., and (June 8) at Sage Creek, Colo. Ter.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Lieutenant Henry C. Bretney, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry.

Numbers 2. -Lieutenant James A. Brown, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry.

Numbers 3. -First Sergt. Samuel B. White, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Henry C. Bretney, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry. PLATTE BRIDGE, DAK. TER., June -, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on May 26 three Indians made first attempt to take herd at Sweetwater Station, but were repulsed by garrison, the Indians having 1 killed and wounded, 1 pony crippled, without any loss to our side. On Sunday, May 28, they made another attempt at herd in force estimated at twenty-five or thirty, and succeeded in getting 4 horses and 2 mules. Stampede was owing to the two mules, which were very wild and led the horses off. Indians lost one wounded. On Thursday, June 1, they made ant attempt on remainder of herd, but were repulsed; and on same day cut the telegraph wire about 1,000 yards from quarters, east, carrying off about 100 yards wire. On the 27th of May about 150 Indians attacked Saint Mary's Station, and in short time succeeded in setting fire to buildings. The garrison, consisting of five men, retreated to an old well outside of quarters, where they remained until the night of the 28th, when they escaped to South Pass. The operator, Private Chavil St. Clair, took precaution enough to secure a relay sounder and a coil of fine wire, and was thus enabled to communicate with Fort Bridger. Garrison lost everything but their firearms and the clothes on their backs. Their horse equipments burnt. There were but two horses at the station; one of these the Indians gon, and the other was shot to prevent its falling into their hands. Indians cut out about 400 yards of wire and burned the poles. When Indians left they moved to the south, passing up the valley of Sage Creek. The garrison did as well as it could under the circumstances, and when Indians came within proper distance fired on them briskly. Several Indians are known to have been wounded. None of the garrison injured.

H. C. BRETNEY,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Company G, Eleventh Ohio Vol. Cav.

Colonel T. MOONLIGHT,

Commanding North Sub-District of the Plains, Dak. Ter.

