
Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant James A. Brown, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry. FORT HALLECK, DAK. TER., June 14, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with special Orders, Numbers 7, dated headquarters Fort Halleck, Dak. Ter., June 2, 1865, I left this post with a command of thirty-one men of Company K, Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, for the purpose of reopening the mail route between this place and Fort Bridger, Utah Ter. I arrived at the crossing of the North Platte River the same evening and camped for the night. Next morning we crossed and started westward, accompanied by Captain Lexis, of General Connor's staff, and Mr. R. I. Spotswood, division agent on the Overland Stage Line. I found Sage Creek Station deserted. Four miles beyond I found two dead emigrants lying near the road, one of them being scalped. The next two stations, Pine Grove and Bridger's Pass, I also found deserted. At the fourth station, Sulphur Spring, I found the stock tenders and drivers from the above-named stations concentrated with the stock belonging to Sage Creek and Pine Grove Stations. I also learned that the stock at Bridger's Pass Station had been driven off by the Indians. Having ascertained that the depredations extended no farther west, I remained at Sulphur Spring Station until 4 p. m. next day, then detaching three men I sent them to Waskie (next station west), and leaving five men for the protection of Sulphur spring Station, I started for this post, accompanied by Messrs. Spotswood and Stewart, division agents on the Overland Stage Line, two coaches and stock for the line, camping that night at Bridger's Pass Station. Next morning I left, leaving a corporal and four men at the station; from thence to Pine Grove Station, leaving five men there; came on to the Sage Creek Station, left a corporal and four men there; from thence to the North Platte Crossing and camped for the night. Having succeeded in establishing a tri-weekly mail between the North Platte and Sulphur Spring Station, I came to this post with the balance of my command. At daylight the morning of the 8th instant the detachment at Sage Creek Station was attacked by about 100 Indians. After one hour's severe fighting they were compelled to evacuate, in consequence of a deficiency in ammunition. The men were all well mounted and accompanied by two citizens, names unknown. The moment they left the station they were completely surrounded. There ensued a desperate fight; the detachment retreated toward Pine Grove Station. The Indians followed them for eight miles, killing George Bodine and Perry Stewart, wounding and capturing Orlando Ducket, wounding Corpl. W. H. Caldwell and Private William Wilson, all of Company K, Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. The two citizens were also missing. Corporal Caldwell and Private Wilson escaped to Pine Grove Station. They and the detachment then retreated to Sulphur Spring station, taking the detachment at Bridger's Pass with them. Next morning they started back, commanded by Sergeant McFaddin, who was up the road on escort duty with ten men of Company K, Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Cavalry. They found the bodies of Perry Stewart and George Bodine lying in the road horribly mutilated, the latter scalped. They also found one citizen. The other citizen and Private Ducket, of Company K, could not be found. My opinion is they were burned in Sage Creek Station, which was found burnt by the command on their return. Ten of the men have returned to this post; the balance are doing all they can to keep open the road,

