
but the force is inadequate to cope with the number of Indians now committing depredations on the Overland Stage Line between the North Platte Crossing and Sulphur Spring Station.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. BROWN,

First Lieutenant Company K, Eleventh Ohio Vol. Cav., Commanding Detach.

Captain J. L. HUMFREVILLE,

Eleventh Ohio Vol. Cav., Commanding Fort Halleck, Dak. Ter.

Numbers 3. Report of First Sergt. Samuel B. White, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry. PLATTE BRIDGE, DAK. TER., June 13, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on June 3 six Indians appeared on bank of Platte River opposite quarters, whose object appeared to be to draw men from this post. As soon as the alarm was given I dispatched a messenger to Lieutenant-Colonel Plumb, of the Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, and ordered men to fire on Indians, which resulted in two of their horses being crippled. These shots were fired from 12-pounder mountain howitzer, which drove Indians over bluffs. On Colonel Plumb's arrival I sent corporal and ten men to bluffs on north side of Platte to watch movements of Indians until the command of Colonel Plumb arrived. Also one sergeant and ten men afoot in their rear to prevent their being cut off by superior forces. The mounted men saw one Indian going toward telegraph line, with the intention of cutting it. They pursued him and crippled his horse. About 2 o'clock Colonel Plumb's detachment arrived. I them sent the mounted squad of corporal and ten men with him to pursued Indians. They returned about 8. 30 o'clock and reported one man of this command killed, whose body was recovered and brought in to the post. Lieutenant Bretney and ten mounted men were absent, having started for Saint Mary's May 31. He returned to this post June 5, 1865.

Very respectfully,

S. B. WHITE,

First Sergeant, Commanding Post.

Colonel T. MOONLIGHT,

Commanding North Sub-District of the Plains, Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter.

MAY 27, 1865. -Skirmish in Chariton County, Mo.

Report of Colonel Alexander F. Denny, Sixty-second Missouri Militia.

GLASGOW, May 28, 1865.

Captain Denny reports that the Keytesville Missouri Militia, Captain Dolman, had a skirmish with Jackson in Chariton County yesterday. Killed Jackson's horse from under him. Jackson and his men escaped. Captain Denny is on the lookout for them.

A. F. DENNY,

Colonel.

Brigadier-General PRATT.

