
upon them was authorized by Government, yet, if unexplained by Government, and no effort is made to explain to them the position of the Government, it is greatly to be feared that they will return to avenge their losses in the attack. The fate of this frontier may in a great measure depend upon an amicable treaty with them. I am now en route for my headquarters at Fredericksburg.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. McADOO,

Brigadier General, Commanding 2nd and 3rd Frontier Dists., Texas State Troops.

Colonel JOHN BURKE,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Austin.

JANUARY 9-11, 1865. -Skirmishes in Texas County, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Egbert B. Brown, U. S. Army, commanding District of Rolla.

ROLLA, MO., January 16, 1865-4. 40 p. m.

I have the honor to report that Captain William Monks, Sixteenth Missouri Cavalry, had several skirmishes with Yeates' band of guerrillas in Texas County on the 9th, 10th, and 11th instant, in which he killed 9 and wounded 1. The wounded guerrilla escaped. Captain Monks' men must be good marksmen, as it is seldom so large a proportion of hits prove fatal.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 10, 1865. -Skirmish near Glasgow, Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1. -Captain Thomas B. Reed, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

No. 2. -Captain Alexander Denny, Forty-sixth Infantry Enrolled Missouri Militia.

No. 3. -Lieutenant Thomas Gannon, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Captain Thoms B. Reed, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS, Glasgow, Mo., January 17, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inclose official reports of Captain Denny and Lieutenant Gannon of their recent scout after Jackson and his band. The killing of Forte Campbell, near Fayette, the arrest of Mrs. Fanny Duff, her exposition and the arrest and rigid examination of other parties more or less in sympathy with Jackson and his band, in connection with a thorough scouring of the country by small squads in search of the wounded brigand, caused his hasty removal and a timely report of that removal. The killing of his escort and the exciting chase that ensued are fully shown by accompanying reports. I

