
as I had believed for some time past that the safety of life and property did not rest with the civil authorities when there was any great disturbing cause.

In Florida there were no political issues involving the military authorities, although much annoyance occasionally came from arrests of officers and soldiers for acts alleged to have been committed during the rebellion. The people of Florida appeared to realize the fact that it would not make to them what party was in power, and that their best interest was to take off their coats and go to work to repair the disaster of the rebellion. On the 27th of June, 1865, the temporary Military Division of the Southwest was abolished by the creation of the Military Division of the Gulf, which included the Departments of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Florida. These departments were, respectively, commanded by Major-Generals Wright, Canby, Slocum, and Foster. On October 7, 1865, the Department of Mississippi was transferred to the Military Division of the Tennessee. On May 22, 1866, Major-General Canby, having been ordered to Washington, was succeeded by Bvt. Major General A. Baird in the command of the Department of Louisiana.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

Bvt. Major General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Washington, D. C.

MAY-, 1865. -Operations in Johnson County, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant William E. Chester, Johnson County Missouri Militia.

CAMP GROVER, NEAR WARRENSBURG, MO.,

May 8, 1865.

CAPTAIN; I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from the colonel commanding this district, I assumed command of an escort from this place to Lexington. At that place I was joined by Captain Arnold and five men, making my total force twenty-seven men. On my return I took the Columbus road until I reached the farm of the Widow Butler, sixteen miles north of Columbus. I then moved to the right in the direction of the head of Davis' Creek. After reaching the timber I came to the farm of Philip Varner, where I found the guerrilla band of Jesse Hamlet. They were getting dinner; some were writing letters. I immediately ordered my men to charge. They fully obeyed my orders. The result was two rebels killed, named Stephenson and Herr. Hamlet was wounded, but made his escape. Stephenson was killed by Private William H. Brown, of the Johnston County Volunteer Militia; Herr was killed by Privates Reed, Mausehund, and Adams, of Captain Arnold's company. Near the house in the woods we caught a son of Varner's and intended to bring him to this place. When near the farm of a W. White he jumped from his horse and ran into the brush. The guard fired on him, but what the result was I do not know. I am confident he was a member of the band, as we found a shotgun, a musket barrel, and a French navy revolver that he said belonged to him. I ordered the citizens of the county to bury the dead bushwhack-

