
ers, which was done near Maxwell's blacksmith shop, ten miles north of Columbus. When near the latter place I stopped at the farm of Mrs. Renick to rest, and while there a band of over thirty rebels rode up to the house. As soon as they discovered us they broke to run. Their commander tried to rally them, but in vain. We mounted and pursued them. Their course was down Blackwater. They kept in the brush and scattered several times. Near the farm of Mr. Harrison I came in sight of them. After a sharp run of about a mile and a half I got in reach of them. I ordered my men to use their carbines at long range and save their revolvers for close quarters. In the lane of the farm belonging to the Widow Williams, six miles north of this post and in sight of town, the rebel commander tried to form his force to give us fight. When they had got their lines half formed I ordered a charge. My men charged them with a shout, when the rebels ran and commenced cutting their plunder loose from their saddles. I pressed them on a run for about four miles. I followed on within about three miles of Kirkpatrick's Mill. My men and horses were so exhausted I did not think it worth while to pursue them farther and returned to camp. I captured seven head of horses. I left them in the country. I will get them soon. Also a lot of dry goods, the amount I do not know. I turned them over to the provost-marshal of the district. I cannot close my report without mentioning the disloyalty of the citizens of the country through which I passed. They would not give any information in regard to bushwhackers; deny any being in the country. I am thankful to Captain Arnold for the assistance he gave me. Although not in command he gave me all the assistance in his power. Some of the men with me acted very badly on the last day. Instead of keeping their places in ranks when I was charging the rebels, in violation of my positive orders they dismounted to gather up the plunder the rebels were abandoning on the road, but their number was few. Soldiers who will do so are a disgrace to the uniform they wear.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. CHESTER,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Johnson County Militia, Commanding Scout.

Captain C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Central Missouri.

JUNE 2, 1865. -Operations about Fort Rice, Dak. Ter.

Report of Colonel Charles A. R. Dimon, First U. S. Volunteer Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS POST COMMANDANT,Fort Rice, Dak. Ter., June 2, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I communicated with you last on the 26th of May, 1865. I regret to announce that First Lieutenant B. S. Wilson, superintendent of buildings, died this day at 12 m., from the effects of arrow wounds received on the 26th ultimo. Hostile Indians made their appearance this a. m. at 7 o'clock at five different points, encircling the fort. I advanced my infantry and occupied the bluffs in rear and right and left of fort, the Indians falling back as I advanced. I sent out all my mounted infantry with about sixty mounted warriors of Two Bears' and Bear Rib's bands, with a mountain howitzer, and

