
pursued them nearly to what is called Crystal Palace Bluff. They made but one stand-out of musket range. A few shells thrown among them scattered them, they leaving robes and throwing clothing off in all directions. At one time a volley from an ambuscade they had formed came very near proving disastrous to our party; their aim being too high they did not do any damage. They shouted to the friendly Indians with us that they were from Young Man's Butte, and in a few days a large party would arrive to attack the fort; that they did not want to fight them (the friendly Indians). As every ravine and knoll for two miles contained squads of hostile, I am unable to judge of their exact number. Fortunately we have good grazing and feeding near the post, and I shall keep everything compact and guard against surprise. Major Wilkinson, the Indian agent, passed up on the steamer Lilly Martin with annuity goods for the Blackfeet and Assinaboines. He coincides with my opinion that the military authorities are the best judges as to whom and at what time it is best to distribute annuity goods; that all agents should be under the control of the military authorities. My stock has become very much reduced this winter and I was unable to send either wagons or ammunition to Fort Sully by land at the time it was requested, therefore I sent it on boats. The ammunition I have now started by land (eight wagons), my stock having picked up. It takes all of my cattle and mules at post. Captain Fisk's brother has turned me over a 12-pounder mountain howitzer. By your direction Captain Pope ordered me to send him all of the ammunition for that caliber gun. I have kept some four boxes and would respectfully request that I may receive some shell and canister by next boat. I trust, general, that Two Bear and band may receive some of the annuity goods that I hear of being distributed at Fort Sully. He has been a true and faithful Indian and been of much service to me this winter. I have employed his and Bear Rib's band as soldiers and issued them one ration per day, which I trust will meet with your approval.

Asking pardon for addressing you direct, but trusting that the explanation in my last letter will be received, I remain, yours, truly and respectfully,

C. A. R. DIMON,

Colonel First U. S. Volunteer Infantry, Commanding Post.

Bvt. Major General A. SULLY,

Commanding District of Iowa.

JUNE 3, 1865. -Skirmish with Indians at Dry Creek, Dak. Ter.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Preston B. Plumb, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH KANSAS CAVALRY,Camp Dodge, near Platte Bridge, Dak., June 4, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Saturday, the 3rd instant, about 3 p. m., a party of ten Indians dashed down to the river-bank opposite and fired upon Platte Bridge Station. The garrison returned the fire, wounding a pony; the Indians then fell back. Learning of

20 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

