
this by messenger from the station, I took ten men of Company B, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, and leaving word for twenty more of Companies A and F to follow speedily as possible, proceeded to the station, and taking with me from there ten of Company G, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry, I started in pursuit. A hard chase of five miles brought me up within shooting distance of the Indians, and a running fight ensued, which resulted in 1 Indian pony being killed and 2 Indians wounded. Over one-half of the detachment had fallen behind on account of their horses not being able to keep up, and the Indians made an effort to turn the scale by suddenly wheeling about and charging upon us, but failing to induce a corresponding movement on our part they scattered and ran off at a rate of speed that showed that their previously comparatively lagging gait had some ulterior purpose in view. This purpose was quite apparent immediately after, as a party of about sixty Indians came charging down the bottom of Dry Creek half a mile to our left, with the apparent purpose of getting between us and the station and cutting off the stragglers. But at this time the detachment of Companies A and F appeared in sight, and the Indians wheeled about, and we pursued as rapidly as possible, a small portion of the party being able to keep within shooting distance of their rear guard for a mile or two. Some six or seven of A and F companies and one of Company G, Eleventh Ohio, pursued a party to the right and considerably in advance, and were ambushed by about thirty Indians, front and rear, and being somewhat scattered and having exhausted the charges of their revolvers in the long chase were unable to hold their ground until assistance could come up, and two privates, William T. Bonwell, Company F, Eleventh Kansas, and Stahlnecker, Company G, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry, were killed. The former was scalped; the latter was saved from mutilation by the bravery of Private Martin, of Company A, who threw himself into a ravine close by and drove the Indians off with his carbine. These men would probably have escaped if their horses had not been shot and fallen with them, Private Bonwell's falling on him, binding him firmly to the earth. This advance party had shot an Indian, killing him, and part of them were catching the Indian's horse when they dashed upon them, making a complete surprise. After this the Indians went off more rapidly than ever and I recalled the men and ceased pursuit. The men all behaved with thy. The Indians were mostly armed with firearms, some having both rifles and revolvers. They were well mounted, and had besides about twenty extra ponies. The consequences of lack of corn for our animals were painfully apparent after the first two miles of the chase. They cannot compete with the Indian horses even for that distance on rough ground. One Indian is known to have been killed and from 4 to 6 wounded severely. The bodies of our men who were killed were brought to camp and buried to-day with military honors. The affair was the first experience of the kind most of the men ever had and was of value to them. It will also serve to show the Indians that they may expect to fight often as an occasion is presented.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. B. PLUMB,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant I. I. TABER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Laramie.

