
JUNE 4, 1865-Operations against Indians near Fort Collins, Colo. Ter.

Report of Captain Luther Wilson, First Colorado Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Collins, Colo. Ter., June 10, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report regarding all scouts and movements of troops belonging to this command for the week ending June 10, 1865:

Word came last Tuesday from Willow Spring Station that a band of Indians had visited that place. After compelling the stock tender to give up what provisions he had, they left without committing any further depredations, leaving word that they would return. I immediately mounted twenty-five men of my command and proceeded up the road in the direction of the above place. A heavy storm came up soon after starting making the roads almost impassable. After a tedious march of thirty-seven miles I reached Virginia Dale, where I learned the Indians had gone into the mountains, and were a few wandering, begging Utes. Thinking it useless to follow them, as the rain had washed out all traces of the trail, I sent word forward to Sergeant Linnell, commanding detachment at Big Laramie, to detail five men to guard Willow Spring Station, then returned to this post. On the 8th instant sent Corporal Baker with six men on scout toward Laramie, with instructions to keep a sharp lookout for marauding Indians and all trails leading in this direction. Corporal Baker will probably return in about three days. A party of horse stealing Indians came in above on this creek night before last, taking some twenty head of ponies and horses from some of the French and half-breeds. I received word too late to send in pursuit, but an Indian runner has gone over to Fort Laramie with word to look out for them on the North Platte. I am in constant communication with Captain Humfreville, commanding Fort Halleck, and Sergeant Linnell, at Big Laramie, who will let me know at once how matters are up the road. I will keep on the alert and render speedy assistance when required. I do not deem it necessary to furnish escort to the mail at present, as it will take too many from the command, and I wish to keep as many here as possible to perfect them in drill, more especially in the skirmishing. If anything transpires of a serious nature I will notify headquarters at once.

Hoping my action in the above will meet with your approval, I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

LUTHER WILSON,

Captain Company D, Vet. Batt. First Colorado Cav., Commanding Post.

Lieutenant J. S. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

South Sub-District of the Plains, Denver, Colo. Ter.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SOUTH SUB-DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Denver, Colo. Ter., June 14, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the general commanding for information. Captain Wilson has been ordered not to keep his men in a body, but to distribute them so as to protect the mail route.

C. H. POTTER,

Colonel Sixth U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

