
JUNE 8-14, 1865. -Attack by Indians on the Overland Stage Road in Kansas and Colorado, with skirmishes (8th and 12th) at Fort Dodge, Kans., (9th) at Chavis Creek near Cow Creek Station, Kans., (12th) near Cow Creek Station, Plum Butte, and Pawnee Rock, Kans.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. -Bvt. Brigadier General James H. Ford, Second Colorado Cavalry, commanding District of Upper Arkansas.

Numbers 2. -Major William F. Armstrong, Second U. S. Volunteer Infantry.

Numbers 3. -Lieutenant Richard W. Jenkins, Second Colorado Cavalry.

Numbers 4. -Captain Elisha Hammer, Seventh Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 5. -Captain Theodore Conkey, Third Wisconsin Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Bvt. Brigadier General, James H. Ford, Second Colorado Cavalry, commanding District of Upper Arkansas. HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS, Fort Riley, Kans., June 12, 1865.

Captain JOHN WILLANS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith, for the information of the general commanding, copies of reports of depredations committed by the Indians on the Santa Fe road; also a copy of letter to General Carleton, reports and letters referred to in telegram of this date. The officer at Cow Creek Station has been placed in arrest and the matter will be thoroughly investigated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,Fort Riley, Kans., June 12, 1865.

On the 8th instant a party of Indians dashed in among the herd near Fort Dodge and succeeded in getting off with twenty-one head of Government stock. They had on U. S. blue overcoats, so that the herders paid but little attention to them until they commenced yelling and firing. Major Armstrong, commanding Ford Dodge, sent an officer with a small mounted party in pursuit to ascertain their number and where camped. On the 9th instant Indians attacked four trains (twelve wagons each) en route to Fort Union with Government and private goods, and captured 1 train of mules and 1 train of cattle, at a point about two miles and a half east of Chavis Creek, and succeeded in getting off with both trains. Lieutenant Jenkins with sixty men started from Cow Creek in pursuit as far as the Arkansas River, but could not cross without swimming his stock, thereby damaging his ammunition, and so abandoned the chase. The number of animals taken was 101 mules, 3 horses, and 75 head of cattle. But 1 man was killed. Mr. Morrison, of New Mexico (late major First New Mexico Cavalry), returned to Fort Bascom, N. Mex., after being absent, by permission of General Carleton, on a trading expedition to the Comanche and Kiowa Indians without accomplishing anything. He went as far as Watchingau; from thence [sent] two men to find the Indians. They found a war party of Coman-

