
would respectfully ask you to approve the distribution of the captured revolvers and money, made by Lieutenant Gannon among those engaged in the chase after Robinson and Jackson. It may be reasonably hoped the earth is forever rid of his monster, and this recognition of their services would seem to be an appropriate reward.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. B. REED,

Captain, Commanding Sub-Dist. Howard, Randolph, and Chariton Counties.

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of North Missouri, Macon, Mo.

No. 2. Report of Captain Alexander Denny, Forty-sixth Infantry Enrolled Missouri Militia. HEADQUARTERS, Roanoke, January 14, 1865.

I beg leave to submit to your honor the following report of a recent scout after the notorious Jackson and band, which resulted in the killing of Gray Brown and John Robinson, of said band, Jackson alone escaping to tell the tale, though hatless and bootless and badly wounded. At midnight on Monday night, the 9th instant, I received information that two of Jackson's men were seen at 9 p. m. same night, in Chariton County, three miles north of Switzler's Mill. From the information received I had reason to believe they were making for Persia [Perche] or Boons Lick Hills. Determined to head them off if possible, I gathered ten men and hastened to the junction of the plank and Keytesvile roads. From this point I sent a dispatch to Captain Reed, Ninth Missouri State Militia, at Glasgow, instructing him to send out on the road leading to Haze's Bridge, on East Fork of Chariton, to act in concert with myself, after which I took the Keytesville road. In less than a mile from the plank road I came upon Jackson and two of his men at the crossing of the creek near William Eddings', six miles east of Galsgow. It being cloudy and in the timber, I got within thirty yards of the enemy before I discovered them. After hailing him several times without any response, I dismounted my men and opened a brisk fire, which drove the enemy from the creek, firing back as they retreated. Jackson's horse was killed from under him. A little farther on Gray Brown fell from his horse, mortally wounded. Jackson here mounted Brown's horse, and he and Robinson made their escape into the woods and hills. I concluded to remain there until daylight and take the trail. Sent a second dispatch to Captain Reed information him of what had taken place and my intentions. At daylight I was promptly joined by Lieutenant Gannon and some twenty men of Captain Reed's command, when the hounds took the trail, which was difficult to follow, in consequence of the scarcity of snow, especially after the trail struck the Fayette and Glasgoently the men were scattered and divided into different squads, all eager for the chase. At 1 o'clock Lieutenant Scarf, of my company, and Lieutenant Gannon, with some eight or ten men belonging to mine and Captain Reed's command, all of whom deserve great credit, came upon Jackson and Robinson at the house of one Johnson, some ten miles of Glasgow, in the Boons Lick

