
alive and not to lose anything I took out to trade. When I first heard the statement that they intended mischief against the Territory, and particularly against this post, I did not much credit the report; but since I cannot help believe the statement, as the reports from the Comanches and Kiowas co-operate, and all state the same thing, and, in fact, I have seen plenty of proof of their hostility and bad intentions, and must freely admit to you that, according to my judgment, Fort Bascom in a precarious and perilous condition, owing to the small amount of troops stationed at this post. Two more expeditions of Mexicans going out also, I met about fifty or sixty miles from this post, and have returned back with me without effecting anything. They are citizens from La Cueva and Mora, and are glad of having escaped the danger in losing everything and their lives. I shall start from here to-day, and hope to arrive home in eight or ten days.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. MORRISON.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major William F. Armstrong, Second U. S. Volunteer Infantry. HEADQUARTERS, Fort Dodge, Kans., June 9, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

On the 8th day of June, 1865, at 3 p. m., a party of Indians, fifteen or twenty in number, made a dash on the herd of stock at this post while the stock was grazing, not more than half a mile from camp. The Indians came through a ravine that runs through the hills. They were dressed in U. S. uniform, or at least they had blue overcoats, army style. They came down toward the river on a slow gallop, and rode to the river, watered their horses. Their horses were not the pony, but large horses. Then they rode down to the stock. The herdsmen said they were watching them, but did not once suspect that they were Indians in our uniform, so they did not look as sharp as they could if they had not had our uniform on. The Indians rode in among the stock and then commenced yelling and shooting at the horses, which convinced the herdsmen that they were Indians, when they immediately took after the herd and Indians. They (the herdsmen) made a dash through the herd and succeeded in turning about ten in number. These horses were brought into camp and saddled and mounted by cavalry and infantry, who continued the chase until dark, and they finally succeeded in recapturing some fifteen or twenty more horses and mules. Everything was done that could be done by me to save the stock. Our cavalry force was small, all the horses being out grazing. We might have kept eight or ten ready all the time in case of an emergency, but we have no forage whatever at this post and we are compelled to let the stock run out to graze. The Indians finally succeeded in driving off twenty-one head of stock out of fifty-five or sixty that they started with. I have sent Captain Molony with a party of cavalry on a scout to follow the trail and to ascertain, if possible, the number of Indians and where they are encamped, of which I will report on his return of his success.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. ARMSTRONG,

Major, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Upper Arkansas.

