HEADQUARTERS,Fort Dodge, Kans., June 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report:

On Monday morning, June 12, 1865, the Indians, between 300 and 400, made an attack on this post, in which they succeeded in capturing all the horses and mules at the post except eight horses. We had 3 men wounded and 2 captured or killed, whose bodies have not been found. There was a very heavy fog in the early part of the morning, under cover of which the Indians hid themselves in the ravines close to camp and waited there until the fog cleared up; and before the pickets could give the alarm the Indians were between them and camp. It is supposed that the Indians crossed the river some eight miles below camp from the south side. At the time they made the attack on the camp some 200 showed themselves on the south side of the river. They drove the herd of horses and mules some three miles up the river and crossed, then moved in the direction of Mulberry Creek. I would respectfully request that there be sent to this post two pieces of artillery. The force for duty is very small, and we are liable to be attacked by superior numbers any night. Having no mounted men or transportation at present here, and rations rather short, I think the post is in rather a dangerous situation.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. ARMSTRONG,

Major, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of Upper Arkansas.

Numbers 3. Reports of Lieutenant Richard W. Jenkins, Second Colorado Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS STATION, Cow Creek, Kans., June 10, 1865.

SIR: At 11. 55 o'clock yesterday I received the following:

TWO MILES AND A HALF EAST OF CHAVIS CREEK, KANS.,

June 9, 1865-11 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER COW CREEK, KANS. ;

We have been attacked by Indians and lost one train of mules and one train of cattle. There were not more than fifty or sixty Indians in sight. We are badly in want of cavalry to pursue them. Can you not send us some this evening, and oblige,

MANY PROPRIETORS.

June 9, 12. 03 p. m. I started with sixty men; arrived at the scene 1. 55 p. m. I followed their trail, by the tracks and cattle that they had wounded and left, to the Arkansas River, about sixteen or eighteen miles south of west. I could not cross the river without swimming my stock about ten rods. By so doing I would have had my ammunition damaged; consequently had to abandon the chase. There was an escort of eight or ten men of Company K, Second U. S. Volunteers, with the trains. They not being well supplied with ammunition, did not fire more than two rounds each. The Indians captured 101 head of mules, 3 head of horses, 75 head of cattle. We found about forty head of the latter on the prairie, about half of them being killed or badly wounded.

