
There was one man killed within 100 yards of the camp. The trains were four in number, twelve wagons each, and were bound for Forts Lyon and Union, loaded with Government and citizens' stores.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JENKINS,

First Lieutenant Company I, Second Colorado Cav., Commanding Station.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley, Kans.
HEADQUARTERS STATION,Cow Creek, Kans., June 12, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 31, dated June 11, 1865, headquarters station, Cow Creek, Kans., I started in company with coach for Fort Zarah, Kans. Almost four miles from this station, while traveling in a coach furnished for the use of the escort, I was attacked by a party of Indians, numbering more than 100, rushing in all sides. I had but six available men, but they made a bold stand, and in almost ten minutes we succeeded in driving them farther from us. I then retreated back toward a train which stood almost one mile from where the attack commenced. We killed 1 Indian, 1 pony, and wounded 3 more ponies severely. I do not think that such an act of heroism has ever been displayed by six soldiers, who were surrounded by about 100 savages, charging, arrows and lances darting from every side, and only two men slightly wounded in their heads by lances.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. JENKINS,

First Lieutenant Company I, Second Colorado Cavalry.

Captain ELISHA HAMMER,

Seventh Iowa Cavalry, Company G, Commanding Station.

Numbers 4. Reports of Captain Elisha Hammer, Seventh Iowa Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS STATION, Cow Creek, Kans., June 12, 1865.

I have the honor to report that Lieutenant R. W. Jenkins, Company I, Second Colorado Cavalry, left this station as escort for the U. S. mail coach to Fort Zarah, Kans., at 11 a. m. with six men, three of Company I, Second Colorado Cavalry, and three of Company G, Seventh Iowa Cavalry. Three or four miles from this station they were attacked by at least 100 Indians. The lieutenant and the men stood their ground and fought the Indian nobly. The Indians charged up within ten feet. They wounded with lances two men in the head slightly (Privates Cutting and Platt, of Company G, Seventh Iowa Cavalry). They are doing well. They killed 1 Indian, 1 pony, and wounded 3 more ponies on the ground. I saw the coach returning with all the speed that the mules seemed to possess. I being satisfied that they were attacked (I went on top of the house at this place and saw that there was a large body of Indians moving in circle) I took fifty-five men, twenty-six of Company I, Second Colorado Cavalry, and twenty-nine men of Company G, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, and went to their relief immediately.

