
twelve miles on their way they discovered eleven Indians approaching them at great speed from the direction of the Arkansas River. After waiting long enough to satisfy themselves by observation that they were not only Indians, but were trying to cut off their retreat to this post, the messengers turned back, pursued by the Indians to within four or five miles of this garrison. The duties incidental to this post render it impossible to send out scouting parties, as the troops stationed here for duty are constantly employed in and around the post. A large amount of stock is concentrated here, and it takes all of our available strength to take that care of it that the exigencies surrounding us obviously demand.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEO. CONKEY,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Lieutenant J. E. TAPPAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Upper Arkansas, Fort Riley, Kans.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Fort Larned, Kans., June 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that messengers arrived at this post yesterday from Lieutenant Hennion, Second Colorado Cavalry, in command of escort of twenty men to Shrewsbury &amp; Co. 's mule train of corn from Leavenworth, informing me that he was in corral near Pawnee Rock, sixteen miles east of this place, and engaged with upward of 100 Indians who had made an attack upon the train. In two hours and forty minutes after the messengers left Lieutenant Hennion I arrived at the train with 150 mounted men, and found that Lieutenant Hennion had dispersed the Indians without loss of any of his escort or animals, but had not sufficient force to pursue them. An ox train of eleven wagons loaded with commissary stores for Fort Union was on the lower road eight miles lower down the river than where the attack was made on Lieutenant Hennion, and without an escort. When the Indians left they went in the direction of this train. I immediately dispatched Captain Walker, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, with about seventy-five men to the relief of this train, which was reported corralled when last seen by some of Lieutenant Hennion's party. Upon Captain Walker's arrival he found the train and stock all safe, with the exception of one wagon, which was nearly half a mile in the rear when the Indians were first discovered, and not having time to close up, the drive was compelled to abandon his team and make his escape as best he could to the corral. The only casualty was one man wounded in the arm. The Indians sacked the wagon, which was loaded with desiccated potatoes, vinegar, and pepper. Killed two of the oxen before leaving the wagon and drove four across the river. The Indians showed themselves to Captain Walker upon the bluff, three-quarters of a mile distant, upon the opposite side of the river, which is unusually high and cannot be forded and only crossed by swimming.

Two messengers, Corporal Hicks and Private Huestis, Company K, Second Colorado Cavalry, arrived at this post on the evening of the 10th instant from Fort Zarah with dispatches from district headquarters, and left at 9 a. m. on the morning of the 11th (yesterday) with return dispatches. On my way out to the relief of Lieutenant Hennion, Huestis' body was found lying near the road four miles this side of Ash Creek, scalped, stripped, and otherwise mutilated. Near the

