
Hills. Pushed them so close that Jackson left his boots. Here a running fight kept up until they reached the brush, where Robinson was killed and his horse captured. Jackson was hotly pursued until night set in, when Lieutenant Gannon sent a dispatch to Fayette, which was promptly responded to by Lieutenant Williams with a squad of men, who took the trail next morning at daylight, but with what success I have not learned. We captured from the enemy 2 horses, 2 saddles and rigging, 1 sleigh and harness, 1 fine gold watch, 7 revolvers, hats, blankets, and many other things of less value; also, $75 or $80 in greenbacks. I feel that much credit is due Captain Reed and Lieutenant Gannon and the men under his command for their prompt action; also, Lieutenant Scarf and the men of my command-in fact, all did their duty nobly, for which both officers and men have my sincere thanks.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEXANDER DENNY,

Captain Company F, 46th Enrolled Missouri Militia, Commanding Post.

No. 3. Report of Lieutenant Thomas Gannon, Ninth Missouri State Militia Cavalry. GLASGOW, MO., January 12, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report the result of a scout sent out by you from these headquarters at 5 a. m. on the 10th instant. I proceeded, as directed, to the house of William Eddings, about six miles north of this place, where I met Captain A. Denny, Company F, Forty-sixth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, with about ten men of his company. He stated that he had a fight with bushwhackers, three or four in number; that he killed one of them, Gray Brown, and that the bushwhackers had one wounded man with them, as they had a horse and sleigh, by which they hauled him, and that during the firing the man got out and the horse turned around and ran back in the direction from which he came. At daylight I ordered Lieutenant Lehman, Company H, Ninth Cavalry Missouri Militia, to proceed with fifteen men and get the horse and sleigh and any articles that might be therewith, and to send them to headquarters, Glasgow, Mo., and then to proceed in a northwesterly direction in pursuit of the bushwhackers. I proceeded myself, with fifteen men of Company G, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and Captain Denny and squad. We followed the track with difficulty for about a mile, when we lost it. I then divided the detachment into small squads and moved in an easterly direction. I came upon the track again leading into a road. I had then with me Lieutenant Scarf, Forty-sixth Regiment Enrolled Missouri Militia, with three of his men, and four men of Company G, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia. I hurried in a gallop and came in sight of the bushwhackers (two) at 12 m. They were running from a house. I gave chase and came upon them while one of them was throwing down the fence. I had then but one man (Lieutenant Scarf) with me. The others' horses being nearly given out, could not keep up with us. We exchanged about eight shots. When fire of my men came up I ordered a charge by them. The one dismounted (Robinson) could not recover his horse, and ran into the woods on foot. I pursued them about a mile

