
flounder and sink, throwing off men and damaging ammunition. So thoroughly has that portion of the country between the 98th and 100th meridians lying between Platte and Niobrar Rivers been examined that I am satisfied no Indians are now in it, and in fact they could not exist, for game is too scarce, only one stray buffalo bull being found on the march. The similarity of movement north on the part of the occupants of the late Indian camps, both as to time and direction, are indicative of some grand movement, ordered by authority recognized among the hostile tribes, and I give it as my opinion that the Indians who were lately on the forks of the Loup, Cedar, and Niobrara Rivers are now on that section of country between White and Big Cheyenne Rivers not very distant from the 103rd meridian. One thing is certain, there is not sufficient game in the country I traversed to support any large parties of Indians, and their migration northwestwardly may have been compelled by this fact, but the simultaneous character of the movement points to a concerted and ordered march in a certain direction. Summer is the only season in which troops can traverse the country marched through, except on the forks of the Loup, where timber is sufficiently abundant to supply large bodies of troops. North of North Fork, and until the Niobrara is reached, there is absolutely no timber, and no water except that of the Cedar, willow switches and buffalo chips being the only fuel obtainable for cooking purposes.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Vet. Cav., Commanding Expedition.

Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, District of the Plains, Fort Laramie.

JUNE 13-17, 1865. -Scout from Camp Nichols, N. Mex., with action (14th) on the Santa Fe Road.

Report of Captain Thomas A. Stombs, First California Cavalry.

CAMP NICHOLS, N. MEX., June 18, 1865.

SIR: In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 3, dated headquarters Camp Nichols, N. Mex., June 12, 1865, Company F, First Cavalry California Volunteers, took up the line of march at 7. 30 on the morning of the 13th, with a command of forty-nine enlisted men as escort to a train of seventy ox teams, owned by Semon Baca, and others, all of Las Vegas, N. Mex., en route for the State. The company traveled during the day to the crossing of the Cimarron, a distance of some thirty-three miles from Camp Nichols, having overtake the train (which had left Camp Nichols the day previous) about one hour before making camp, which we did about 6 p. m. On the morning of the 14th myself and a corporal of L Company, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, searched the entire train for deserted soldiers from Company L, First Cavalry New Mexico Volunteers, and Company H, First New Mexico Infantry, supposed to have been with the train, but could find no one with it; so, after breakfast, I caused the corporal and four enlisted men of his company, in obedience to instructions, to return to Camp Nichols, N. Mex. Broke camp at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 14th; traveled on until 11. 30 o'clock and made camp for the purpose of grazing the stock and

