
taking our dinners. So far we had not seen the least sign of Indians. Still I caused all my horses to be side lined, and posted a strong guard around them. At about 2 o'clock we heard an unusual noise, which on investigation proved to be a body of mounted Indians (Comanches and Kiowas), some forty or fifty strong, who charged into the herd of cattle belonging to the advance portion of the train. They lanced one Mexican herder, killing him instantly, and wounded another with an arrow. My men immediately fell in under arms and commenced firing on them, which prevented them from advancing on our herd. After about fifty shots had been fired they commenced making a hasty retreat off in the same direction from which they came, having succeeded in getting off with one loose mule and three ponies belonging to the train. My men saddled immediately, commenced giving chase, some thirty of whom pursued them about six miles. The remainder of the company (after having been peremptorily ordered), with the first sergeant, remained at the camp with the forces belonging to the train. Drove in all the stock in the corral formed by the wagons, preparing for a strong defense.

To the bestwe killed or severely wounded some five or more of the Indians in the chase, as we compelled them to take that number up on front on their horses. They also were compelled to abandon the mule they had started with; but before they abandoned it they ran him through with a lance, after which we shot it. My company did not sustain any injury in any form. We remained at this camp until next morning without molestation. The proprietors of the train requested me to go through with them to Fort Larned, but in obedience to orders could not proceed with them more than five days, when I would have been compelled to return; so they proposed to turn back and apply at Camp Nichols for an escort to go through to Fort Larned if I would go back with them, which I promised to do. So, on the morning of the 15th, at 8 o'clock, we took up the line of march back to Camp Nichols. Camped that night at the crossing of the Cimarron, 4. 30 p. m. About 6. 30 some twenty-five Indians made their appearance some two miles and a half distant, but soon disappeared. Since then we saw no more Indians. On the morning of the 16th we broke camp at 7. 30 o'clock, traveling all day, with flankers out in skirmish line, but saw no Indians. Saw a trail, about half way between Cold Springs and Cimarron Crossing, of some fifty pony tracks, a few cattle tracks, with some two or three moccasin tracks, apparently having been made the day before. Made camp at Cold Springs at 4 o'clock on the evening of the 16th. Broke camp on the morning of the 17th at 8 o'clock; arrived at Camp Nichols about 3. 30 o'clock. It is my opinion that had it not been that we were with them they would all have been killed, stock run off, and wagons destroyed. Such is the opinion of the proprietors themselves. So far as I traveled I found grass in abundance, and especially on the Cimarron; water plenty. All along the road deep holes in the arroyos were full of water from the recent rains that have fallen in this quarter.

I most respectfully submit the above report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. STOMBS,

Captain Company F, First Cavalry California Volunteers.

Colonel C. CARSON,

First New Mexico Cavalry Volunteers.

21 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

