
found an Indian trail. The Indians had used up all the water. I followed them up the mountain and found a great many more tracks coming in. About 5 p. m. I came up with the rancheria. Captured 4 horses, 1 mule and 1 burro, and 1 child about three years old. The Indians all made their escape, their camp being in a very rough canon. I destroyed everything in the village; broke up some twenty-five boys and a great many arrows. The only water I could find was some the Indians had in camp, gathered from rocks and a small spring. Not being able to procure water for my horses, I started for the Rio Grande at 1 a. m. and arrived at San Pedro at 11. 30 a. m. June 21. I had to leave both men and horses, given out for want of water, but got them all in the afternoon by sending them water from San Pedro. Some forty or fifty mounted Indians started in the direction of San Andres. The Indians evidently suffered from the want of water, as they dug holes in every ravine, but without success. In my opinion, it is impossible for a large number to cross lower down than the Oscura Mountains, as the whole country is dried up and no grass on the prairie. On arriving at San Pedro my horses had traveled nearly 100 miles without water. On the 22nd I encamped near La Mesa and reported to Colonel Rigg, who has ordered me to proceed to La Joya and Abo Pass to-morrow morning. A Navajo boy, of the Cebolleta tribe, with me tells me that most of the Indians of the village I destroyed belong to Delgaditos Largo's tribe. There were from twenty to twenty-two camp-fires, and there must have been about eighty or ninety Indians at this camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EMIL FRITZ,

Major First California Cavalry.

Captain B. C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

JUNE 17, 1865. -Skirmish on Dead Man's Fork, Dak. Ter.

Report of Colonel Thomas Moonlight, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, commanding Northern Sub-District of the Plains.
HDQRS. NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter., June 21, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as my report of the expedition against the Indians who rebelled against Captain Fouts while en route from this post to Julesborough on the 14th instant:

On the afternoon of the 14th instant I received a dispatch from Camp Mitchell, informing me that the Indians had mutinied against the authority of Captain Fouts, commanding; had killed the captain and some of his men, and that the command was still fighting. This news was brought into Camp Mitchell by a messenger from Captain Wilcox. On receiving this information I ordered Captain Shuman, then out with thirty men repairing telegraph line near place of mutiny, to join Captain Wilcox and hold the Indians until I came up. Every cavalryman that I could get was speedily mounted and started at a trot down the river, leaving those to follow whose horses were twelve miles out on herd. After getting nine miles out a messenger overtook me with information that the Indians had crossed to north side of Platte River and that Captain Wilcox had arrived at Camp Mitchell with command. I immediately turned round my force for Laramie and dispatched com-

