
My force was thus reduced from 234 to 131 in two days' march from the fact that there has been no forage at this point for issue for along time and the horses are so reduced in strength as to be unfit for marches over twenty miles per diem, nor would I have continued the pursuit after being convinced of this fact but that I knew the stock of the Indians were even in a worse condition, and I was gaining on them every step, and when attacked was not over ten miles from their camp. The Indians who made the attack were not those whom we were pursuing, but allies who had come up to their assistance, well mounted and equipped, and had it not been for the misfortune of losing our horses I am convinced we would have got a lively fight. I judge from signs around Dead Man's Fork that there must be about 2,000 Indians in the vicinity. The country is mountainous, with plenty of pine timber, and well adapted for defense or attack by the Indians. On our side two men of Company L, Second California Volunteer Cavalry, were wounded, viz, Private Hiram Ellingsen, bullet wound in head, dangerous; Private John M. Resoner, bullet wound in foot, not dangerous. Four Indians were certainly killed, as they fell over their horses, but being tied on around the knees by a thong, horses galloped off with them hanging. Several others were wounded, as we could see them plainly when hit.

In regard to loss of horses I would state that all was done that officers and men could possibly do to save them, and I am conscious that no blame is to be attached to any one for their loss. My own horse and Captain Huntoon's who accompanied me, were tied head and foot with halter strap and were close to us, but broke the straps and went with the balance. All the horses that were picketed either broke the picket ropes or drew the pins, so that by the time the fight was over almost every horse was loose. Five private horses were lost, as follows: Surgeon AinswHuntoon's, and Captain Lindsay's, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry; Lieutenant Hanna's, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry, and my own. In marching, particularly when rapidly, horses fed only on grass require quite a latitude to feed on, and there was no time during the entire trip, with all the care and vigilance that was exercised by all when grazing, but that our animals could easily have been stampeded, as they become frantic at the sight of Indians, and there is no way of preventing this but by hobbling; nor will I ever attempt again to march a command, large or small, unless provided in this way. Horses must be fettered in such a way as to prevent the possibility of their running faster than footmen can follow at an easy gait. Indians always fetter their horses, and knowing that we do not, take advantage of it, and are invariably successful. Major Adams of the Eleventh Kansas, when attacked some time ago by Indians, had his men holding the lariats while the horses were grazing, yet almost every horse broke away; but being dark, and in very broken ground, recovered all but six. I am not in possession of any of the facts relating to the mutiny on the 14th instant, but know one thing, that there were soldiers enough along to have killed almost every Indians and I also know that the Indians were friendly and well disposed, and that there must have been some unwarranted provocation given on the part of Captain Fouts which led the Indians to believe that they were not to be honorably dealt by. How about 800 women and children could swim the Platte River with their ponies in the face of about 200 soldiers and citizens is more than I can tell, and from all that I can learn there was only one Indian, who was a prisoner in irons, killed; and how the command could make a

