
march of over twenty-five miles with baggage, by sundown that night (the mutiny taking place at 7 o'clock in the morning) and given their undivided attention to fighting the Indians, is a mystery to me.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. MOONLIGHT,

Colonel Eleventh Kansas, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist of the Plains, Julesburg, Colo. Ter.

JUNE 17-19, 1865. -Expedition from Denver, Colo. Ter., to Fort Halleck, Dak. Ter.

Report of Colonel Carroll H. Potter, Sixth U. S. Volunteer Infantry.

FORT HALLECK, DAK. TER., June 19, 1865.

I have the honor to report that, in compliance with General Connor's telegraphic instructions, I started from Denver on the 17th instant; arrived at Fort Collins at 8 p. m. same date. Ordered Captain Wilson, establish a patrol and guard, commencing at Big Laramie and to extend along the Overland Stage line as far as his company would reach, leaving eight men and one non-commissioned officer at each station. This will guard the road to this post, which I think is absolutely necessary, as Indians have been seen in the last two days between here and Rock Creek, nineteen miles south from here, on the Denver road. Captain Humfreville, commanding Fort Halleck, has just returned from Sulphur Springs with a part of his company, where he has been on a scout. He found the Indians near that place in large numbers and all the stage stock driven off by them between Halleck and Duck Lake, a distance of 100 miles. While he was at Sulphur Springs the Indians made a dash at the station and succeeded in driving off forty-seven animals belonging to the stage company. Captain Humfreville followed them with his command until it was dark, when he gave up the chase. He reached this place on last evening, bringing through one coach drawn by cavalry horses. He also brought the [mail from the] west. The eastern mails are being forwarded as fast as possible from Denver. I am now awaiting Lieutenant Colonel Plumb's arrival. I will start with all the available troops at my command and open the road through as far as there seems to be any danger, leaving such guards as may be necessary to make the mail route safe. From what I have seen and can learn from Captain Humfreville and other officers stationed in this part of the sub-district, there is not now, and will not be with the troops ordered here with Lieutenant-Colonel Plumb, a sufficient force to guard the road and make it perfectly safe for the mail and general travel. I am doing everything in my power with the force at my command to protect both public and private property and have the mail run regularly through to Salt Lake.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. POTTER,

Colonel Sixth U. S. Volunteers, Commanding South Sub-District.

Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

