
through a brushy woods and came upon them while crossing a ravine. I shot one of them (Robinson) dead, and pursued the other (Jackson) until night, when I could not keep his track. I camped and sent a dispatch to Fayette for a squad of men, which arrived about 11 p. m., Lieutenant Williams, Company A, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, in command. The following morning at daylight I started them on the track, myself and squad returning to this post. Jackson is severely wounded. I got a statement from two persons that the blood was running down his left leg and that he could not use his right foot in the stirrup. He was barefooted and bareheaded. I found on the body of Robinson as follows: Belt and 6 revolvers, 4 portemonnaies, containing in all $72. 25; 2 pocket knives, 1 pocket compass, 1 gold pen and silver holder, and the likenesses of two young ladies. I also got the hat and boots of Jackson, all of which effects I equally divided among the few enlisted men that were with me during the chase. Their names are as follows: Sergeant Rice, Privates Hayden and Shepherd, Company G, Ninth Cavalry Missouri State Militia, and two privates Company F, Forty-sixth Enrolled Missouri Militia.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. GANNON,

1st Lieutenant Company G, 9th Cav. Missouri State Militia, Commanding Scout.

Captain THOMAS B. REED,

Commanding Sub-District.

JANUARY 11, 1865. -Skirmish near Lexington, Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1. -Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding District of Central Missouri.

No. 2. -Captain William Meredith, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Colonel John F. Philips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanding District of Central Missouri. HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Warrensburg, January 12, 1865.

A squad of bushwhackers made their appearance near Lexington yesterday. Command at Lexington whipped them and drove them west. Another band is reported in river bottom below Waverly. I have my available cavalry already in these localities and they are hunting them diligently. Have ordered one more squadron to Lexington, and shall make La Fayette and Saline too hot for those bands and those who feed and succor them.

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel, Commanding District.

Major-General DODGE,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis.

3 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

