
most of them and strike terror in their midst, punish them for their past acts, make them sue for peace, and behave well in future. The great delay incident to getting the necessary troops from the East for these columns, their coming dismounted, and the infantry regiments to garrison posts and hold our lines having to march long distances, combined to retard operations very seriously. Many of the regiments did not arrive at Fort Leavenworth until June, and most of the animals to mount them not until July 1. The contracts for supplies for the plains were not let until May 1. They should have been let by March 1 at furthest and January 1 would have been better. The supplies went forward slowly; trains loitered on their way, waiting for grass, and in many cases requisitions for stores did not arrive until late, the staff officers not appearing to have appreciated the necessity for early action, careful estimates, and timely requisitions. Many of them had just been assigned to duty on the plains, and did not on the instant the fact that it took months to transport supplies from Fort Leavenworth to Laramie, Denver, and Utah. However, these difficulties have all been overcome, and now supplies are going forward; troops are en route and have arrived. Four of the columns are on the march and the rest will be started during this month. New posts have been established on the northern route, and now the line from Fort Leavenworth to Kearny, from Omaha to Kearny, from Kearny to Denver and Salt Lake, via Bridger's Pass, and the line from Julesburg, via Fort Laramie, and South Pass to Salt Lake, and thence west to the western line of Utah, are well protected. Every stage station has its detachment, every train and coach goes guarded, and new life, activity, and discipline has been infused into the troops. The Indians are being put on the defensive, and are now invariably beaten and in most cases severely chastised in their attacks.

General Connor has thus far exhility and has assisted materially in bringing about these results, although in some of his subordinates he has not been very ably assisted and has had many difficulties to contend with. The friendly Indians at Fort Laramie, in an attempt to move them to Fort Kearny to get them away from the scenes of Indian troubles, revolted, turned upon their guard, killed a captain and four men, and then escaped. Colonel Moonlight, who was sent after them, allowed his camp to be surprised and his stock captured. I have ordered him mustered out of the service. Everything, I think, now argues a settlement of these Indian difficulties this summer. They (the Indians) are beginning to realize and appreciate the power of the Government and to fear it. Their universal success for the year past had emboldened and encouraged them until they had become to believe that we could not subdue them. These false notions must be whipped out of them, and any peace made with them before they are thoroughly convinced that we are the masters, and not they, would prove disastrous to us, would no last six months, and would only encourage them to renewed hostilities when we, perhaps, would not be so well prepared to meet them as now. On the southern route we have had the line from Fort Leavenworth to Denver, via Fort Lyon and the Arkansas River, and the line from Cimarron River Crossing to New Mexico, via Fort Union, to protect and guard. The Kiowas, Comanches, a small band of the Arapahoes, and a few of the Cheyennes have infested the entire line. Expeditions were commenced early against these Indians, and would have been continued but for the reason that I received orders to desist until they could be reached by Indian

