
I would also earnestly recommend the bridging by the Government of the South Platte at or near Julesburg. High water, treacherous fords, &amp;c., are the cause of great delay and loss to Government every year. Especially has this been the case this year, and the amount of trade and travel flowing south from Idaho, Montana, and Western Dakota and crossing at this place is increasing and will in another year be immense. The same reasons for bridging the Platte at Fort Kearny urge the bridging of the South Platte at Julesburg. When Utah was added to my command (February 17, 1865) I approved the course pursued in that Territory by General Connor, viz, avoiding any direct collision with the Mormons, but in all ways possible inviting emigration thereafter by protecting the rights of the so called Gentiles, sustaining and supporting the Government officials sent there, and by keeping a respectable force there, which could be used against the Indians and in protecting mining operations, opening military roads, &c. Thus, by opening that Territory, inviting an enlightened emigration there, and encouraging a public sentiment calculated to soon root out that curse to our land-polygamy. In other reports I have more fully detailed my views and action in these matters, which have been approved by Government. After the surrender of General Lee to Lieutenant-General Grant, and under the general directions of the latter and the special instructions of Major General John Pope, I demanded a surrender of all Confederate forces within my reach. General M. Jeff. Thompson surrendered to me in Arkansas some 700 officers and about 7,000 enlisted men, while in Missouri I received the surrender of about 100 officers and 2,000 enlisted men. All bushwhackers, marauders, and guerrilla bands also laid down their arms and came in under the Grant Lee agreement, except that in their cases I simply stipulated that they should not be molested by the U. S. military authorities, thus leaving the civil authorities unrestrained to deal with them for the crimes they had committed in violation of the laws of the State and of the United States and contrary to usages of war. The surrender of all these has left no armed force anywhere within the State of Missouri or along our southern borders, so that peace and quiet exists and life and property seem as secure as before the war.

In my administration of the affairs in this department I have been ably assisted by my district commanders, all of whom have performed their duties which fidelity and zeal. I am especially indebted to the staff officers in charge of the depots at Saint Louis (Colonel William Myers, chief quartermaster, and Colonel T. J. Haines, supervising commissary), and Surg. John F. Randolph, U. S. Army, medical director, for their valuable aid and assistance. The staff officers under them have also performed their duties ably and faithfully. From my chiefs of staff departments-Colonel John V. Du Bois, inspector-general; Colonel Gideon Scull, chief commissary; Colonel F. D. Callender, chief ordnance officer; Colonel J. H. Baker, provost-marshal-genera; Colonel B. L. E. Bonneville, chief commissary of musters; Lieutenant-Colonel Hoelcke, chief engineer, and Majs. Lucien Eaton and J. N. McElroy, judge-advocates-I have received that faithful support and valuable assistance that is necessary to render a commander's operations successful. I extend to them and the officers under them my sincere thanks. I take great pleasure in acknowledging the satisfactory manner in which the adjutant-general's office has been conducted under the able supervision of Major J. W. Barnes, assistant adjutant-general, in charge; Major D. G. Swaim, assistant adjutant-general; Major Benjamin M. Piatt, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. F. Bennett, assistant adjutant-general; Captain John Williams, assistant

