
engagements detailed in the reports of General Connor and Colonels Cole and Walker, a number of fights of more or less importance were had with the Indians by my troops during the past season, in most of which the savages were chastised, in attacks upon trains, post detachments, &amp;c. Reports of these have from time to time been made by telegraph to department headquarters. Copies of some of these telegrams are hereto appended, marked D. During General Connor's absence on his expedition the Indians deserted the overland routes and followed him to protect their families and villages. I therefore conclude that the most effectual way to protect these routes while these Indians are hostile would be to keep a movable force in the heart of their country ready to strike them at all times. The columns arranged to move under General Sanborn were fitted out under Bvt. Brigadier General J. H. Ford, who was twice turned back after crossing the Arkansas River to await the result of negotiations then said to be pending River to await the result of negotiations then said to be pending between Colonel J. H. Leavenworth and the tribes. He (General Ford) was turned back the second time by orders from General A. McD. McCook, at the instance of Senator Doolittle's committee, and, as was claimed, by authority of Major General John Pope, but, as will appear from appended copy of General Pope's telegram (marked E), was, in fact, without his authority. It will be remembered that immediately after the issuance of this order by General McCook the Indians made a general attack upon the entire line from Cow Creek to Fort Dodge, which to my mind clearly shows that all their peace talk was a ruse, a dishonest scheme, and I so considered it at the time. The columns were again fitted out and General Sanborn sent to command them, with instructions, copies of which, together with telegrams of Major-General Pope and myself in relation thereto, are hereto appended, marked F. He was to have moved the day I left Fort Leavenworth for the plains, and I supposed he had done so until I learned officially that he was stopped, his troops placed in camp, and he directed to make overtures for peace with the Indians, by telegraph orders from the major-general commanding the department, a copy of which order is hereto appended, marked G. General Sanborn's columns were to have moved as follows, viz: One from Cow Creek, one from Fort Larned, and one from Cimarron Crossing of the Arkansas, and were to have concentrated at or near Fort Cobb. They were the best appointed, best equipped, and, in fact, the best troops in my command, and would have penetrated the heart of the Indian country; and being informed of the location of two of the Comanche and Kiowa villages, General Sanborn could not have failed to strike them.

It is probable that a peace will be made by the commissioners now engaged thereat with these Indians. I am clear, however, in my opinion that any peace made with them before they are severely punished will not carry with it that assurance of perpetuity and good faith it would had we first chastised them for the outrages they have committed during the past eighteen months, and have made them seek peace from us instead of us from them. Within the past month they attacked a train on the Arkansas River, killed five men, robbed and destroyed their train; also attacked the station on the Smoky Hill route, burned stages, and carried off stock. Happening to be on my return down the Smoky Hill route during these troubles, I had personal knowledge of these acts of hostility and treachery, and I at once placed troops along the route at such places as I deemed necessary for protection. The fact should be borne in mind that these hostile depredations were committed by tribes, portions of whom were at that very time sitting in council with commis-

