
No. 2. Report of Colonel William Meredith, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry. LEXINGTON, January 2, 1865.

Yesterday guerrillas made their appearance at Lawyer Green's, on south edge of town, fired into the house, and left, going south on Greenton road. Lieutenant Williams, with fifteen men, went in pursuit. Came up with them five miles from town. Guerrillas charged on advance, but were repulsed. Fell back stubbornly, and would form and fight at every suitable place; run as soon as our boys would charge on them. A running fight was kept up for one mile. Our boys ran out of ammunition and returned to camp. The enemy were going in direction of Greenton. There were fifteen in the squad that we had the fight with. Another squad on the old Independence road. I hear of them in small squads in different directions. Quantrill reported with 100 men in bottom below Waverly. No casualties on our side.

WM. MEREDITH,

Captain, Commanding, &amp;c.

Colonel PHILIPS,

Commanding.

JANUARY 11-13, 1865. -Expedition from Helena, Ark., to Harbett's Plantation, Miss.

Reports of Captain Eli Ramsey, Sixtieth U. S. Colored Troops.
HDQRS. COMPANY C, SIXTIETH U. S. COLORED INFANTRY,January 14, 1865.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received from the general commanding, on the 11th day of January, 1865, I embarked at 8 p. m., on the steamer Dove, with two commissioned officers and fifty men of Company C, Sixtieth U. S. Colored Infantry; also one lieutenant and twelve men of the Eighty-seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry, under my command; proceeded up the Mississippi River, landing on the Mississippi shore about fifteen miles above Helena, between McNeil's and Harbett's plantations. We put ashore our infantry, the boat anchoring off, with instructions to the lieutenant commanding mounted infantry to move up to Harbert's in one hour. I marched the infantry around out into the country about four miles. Came up in the rear of Harbert's place, surrounding it, to capture Willis Harbert, a deserter (colored). Hearing the dogs bark near where we passed at a plantation below he mounted his horse and left one-half hour before we came up. I then assembled the forces and proceeded to the river-bank, the boat having arrived in due time. We stationed our pickets and bivouacked on the bank for the night. In the meantime the mounted men came ashore and accompanied me to Mr. Owens' residence, some six miles distant, in search of Government horses said to be in his possession. They were not at his hours. Ordered him to see that they were brought in the next day. Returned to the boat about 4 a. m. 12th January, 1865. The men suffered from cold considerably during the night, although they had fires. As soon as morning dawned I made a detail to go to the barns on the Harbert place to load and haul in corn, using an ox team and wagon on the place for that purpose. Hauled till about 1 p. m., and got in about 200 bushels of corn in the shuck. About 12. 30 p. m. Mr. Owens came in,

