
upon in our future dealings with the Indians. These conclusions are the result of much personal experience and careful study, and they also reflect the opinions of the most experienced residents of the plains-men who have lived upon the frontier and had dealings with these Indians all their lives. I may also add, as an important and apparently singular fact, that all the persons I met during my tour who had lived with the Indians and become acquainted with their traits, habits, &amp;c., were decided in their opinion that perfect and durable peace with these Indians could not be expected until they were punished for the outrages they have committed, and made to feel, respect, and fear the power of the Government. Of this, as previously stated, I also am fully convinced, from the tome of the telegram from Lieutenant-General Grant of July 29, communicated to me by Major-General Pope (copy of which is hereto appended, marked L), and from dispatched received from Major-General Pope, heretofore referred to, and marked B, it would appear that an erroneous impression prevailed at Washington as to the number of troops, amount of supplies, expenses being incurred, and the condition of things generally on the plains. I therefore esteem it my duty to report fully and explicitly upon these matters. Returns received for August 10 showed an aggregate of 20,240 of all arms. Of this number 2,373 were reported absent outside of this department, leaving an aggregate of 17,867 present within my command. The number reported for duty was 11,681. This was the largest force reported at any time on the plains in my command, and included the Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, 544 strong, at that time en route to be mustered out; the Fiftieth Wisconsin Infantry, about 650 strong, under orders to Fort Rice, Dak. Ter., to report to General Sully, and 4,056 men arriving at Fort Leavenworth, to be sent on the plains, but were mustered out before reaching their destination. Much of this force, as before stated, were mutinous and inefficient. My report of October 31 showed an aggregate of 9,311 present and absent of all arms. Of this number 2,331 were reported absent outside of this department, leaving an aggregate of 6,980 present within my command.

The following statement will show the organizations, strength, &c., of troops sent from the East and South and mustered out without any benefit of account having been derived from their service:

Organization. 	 Streng	 Remarks.

 th as

 muster

 ed

 out.

14th, 15th, and	 1,423	 Marched from Fort Leavenworth to

32nd Illinois In	 	 within ten miles of Fort Kearny

fantry/	 	 and ordered back for muster out

 	 August 13, 1865.

3rd Massachusetts	 411	 Reached Fort Kearny from Fort

Cavalry. 	 	 Leavenworth August 18, and

 	 ordered back for muster out Au

 	 gust 19.

14th Pennsylvania	 439	 Was ordered mustered out at Fort

Cavalry. 	 	 Leavenworth August -, without

 	 use, except one company used as

 	 escort on the plains.

12th Tennessee	 520	 Used on the Republican short

Cavalry	 	 time; ordered to Fort

 	 Leavenworth, for muster out Sep

 	 tember.

11th Indiana Cav	 547	 Marched to Fort Larned and was

alry	 	 ordered back for muster out Au

 	 gust.

7th Kansas Cavalry	 501	 Reached Fort Kearny from Fort

 	 Leavenworth August 20, and

 	 ordered back for muster out Au

 	 gust 25.

5th Michigan Cav	 899	 Mustered out at Fort Leavenworth

alry	 	 July without use.

Total	 4,740

The discrepancy in the number of troops reported August 10 and October 1, not accounted for by muster out, is made up by troops relieved and ordered in for muster out and dropped from returns and by desertions and deaths.

