
The following statement shows the organizations, strength, &amp;c., of troops mustered out since August 10 from the force serving in the Department of the Missouri and west of the Missouri River prior to last spring:

Organization. 	 Stren	 Remarks.

 gth.

9th Wisconsin	 70	 Mustered out September 30.

Battery

Independent	 98	 Mustered out August 31.

Colorado Bat

tery.

11th Kansas	 554	 Ordered to Fort Leavenworth for mus

Cavalry	 	 ter out August 1.

15th Kansas	 832	 Ordered to Fort Leavenworth for mus

Cavalry	 	 ter out about September 25.

3rd Wisconsin	 770	 Ordered to Fort Leavenworth for mus

Cavalry	 	 ter out September 1.

14th Missouri	 720	 Ordered to Fort Leavenworth for mus

Cavalry	 	 ter out October.

2nd Colorado	 522	 Ordered to Fort Leavenworth for mus

Cavalry	 	 ter out September 23.

The following organizations are en route for or in process of muster out, under orders issued about October 1: Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, Second Missouri Artillery (mounted as cavalry), First Colorado Cavalry, Second U. S. Infantry Volunteers, Third U. S. Infantry Volunteers; aggregate, say 3,000.

The following troops remain in this command: Thirteenth Missouri Cavalry, Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry (ordered mustered out), First Michigan Cavalry, consolidated from First, Sixth, and Seventh Michigan Cavalry, First Battalion Nevada Cavalry, battalion Twenty-first New York Cavalry, battalion Eleventh Ohio Cavalry, battalion First Nebraska Cavalry, Sixth West Virginia Cavalry, Seventh Iowa cavalry, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, Forty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry, Third Battalion California Veteran Infantry, First Battalion, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, Sixth U. S. Infantry Volunteers, Fifth U. S. Infantry Volunteers.

These organizations aggregate about 9,311 present and absent. The number absent as reported is about 2,321 leaving the real strength of my command 6,990. As those absent are beyond this department, and as they belong principally to regiments sent here from the East, few, indeed, will return and it is safe to estimate the entire number as lost. I will probably be able by January 1 to relieve with regular troops en route here the following organizations: Seventeenth Illinois Cavalry, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, and Forty-eighth Wisconsin Infantry; aggregate about 2,000. Statement of commissary stores on the plains is hereto appended, marked M, as will appear from remarks noted on this statement and from copies of telegrams hereto appended, marked N. I cut down the supplies as far as I considered safe, and directed the strictest economy in all things. No doubt Government took the amount of supplies requisitions were made for by officers on the plains for the quantities ordered sent, whereas the difference was very great. These officers made their requisitions large from the fact that previous to the present year supplies were exhausted late in the winter or early in the spring, and while the Indian troubles continued it was uncertain what number of troops there would be to supply; hence they prudently estimated for a sufficient amount to provide for all contingencies. Quartermaster and commissary stores were forwarded in about like proportion, but a deficiency in some articles of the former now exists. The estimates for forage for the plains were forwarded, and received the approval of the Quartermaster-General before being contracted for. The excess of subsistence stores on the plains arises from the muster out of troops after they had been forwarded. I am of the opinion that these stores

