
should be held until the final result in our Indian matters is reached, and I so recommend. Should it be found necessary to make a campaign next season it could be commenced some months earlier by having these stores on hand than if they had to be transported in the spring for that purpose. These stores are now under shelter, and all that are now in good condition can be kept so; those that are not should be disposed of immediately. I am of the opinion that during the continuance of our Indian troubles it would be well to keep from three to six months' supplies on hand on the plains in addition to the usual year's supply. I take great pleasure in calling the attention of Government to the valuable services of Brigadier General P. E. Connor, whose promotion I heartily and earnestly recommend. This I do after careful observation and personal inspection of his past labors in organizing his district, establishing his posts and depots, and the successful management of his expedition, all under the most embarrassing circumstances and overwhelming difficulties. He has successfully protected the routes under his charge, and has kept up regular mail and telegraph communication, often by using his troops to carry the mail and rebuild the telegraph lines when interrupted by Indians and the stage and telegraph companies refused to do so; in fact he has throughout exhibited an energy, capacity, and fidelity to duty rarely excelled. I forward herewith maps of the country over which my command extends, showing the overland routes, posts, &amp;c., and the routes taken by the different expeditionary columns during the past season. * I have, at the risk of making this report too voluminous, endeavored fully and plainly to embody and discuss all legitimate subjects of interest, believing it my duty to present these matters in their true light.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel JOS. McC. BELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

[Appendix A.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, June 10, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Commanding District of the Plains:

GENERAL: I have been here three weeks pressing forward troops to you. One thousand go, as you requested, by Loup Fork. Two thousand march direct to Julesburg, followed by others, and they are all well equipped. I sent a week ago some 600 horses. I cannot get any more for some time, as I have to remount all the cavalry that comes to me. I have applied for two regiments of infantry and no doubt they will be furnished. I am confident supplies are going rapidly forward. In the location of a post on Powder River have in view the holding in check of the Indians, the possibility of obtaining forage, hay, wood, &c., and its position with reference to a route of travel to Montana, either from Fort Laramie or some point east, as well as the roads coming west from Missouri River. You are aware that such a road is being surveyed up the Niobrara; also that an appropriation exists for such a road from Fort Laramie to Virginia City up Powder River and Big Horn. You of course understand that we settle the Indian troubles

---------------

*Maps not found.

---------------

