
this season, and at such time as you consider it proper and for the interest of the Government you can make an informal treaty for cessation of hostilities, appointing some place for meeting of Indian chiefs for having an full understanding with them, and myself or such persons as the Government sees fit go there. You must be the judge when it is proper to do this, and the Indians must be given to fully understand that when any hostilities cease, any act of robbery, murder, &amp;c., by their people will precipitate our whole force on them. It is my opinion before this is done they should be made to feel the full power of the Government and severely punished for past acts. You are, however, on the spot and are the judge of what is for our interest. If there are any really friendly tribes you can do all in your power to keep them so, and if necessary may order them to rendezvous at such place as you deem proper and sustain them as you deem best. All traders and unauthorized parties should be kept away from the Indians and no outrages perpetrated upon them. If any agreement is made with any or all of them see that, so far as we are concerned, it is fully and rigidly lived up to on our part, that no excuse can be had on their part for breaking it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, June 10, 1865.

Brigadier General R. B. MITCHELL,

Commanding District of North Kansas:

GENERAL: The regiment that is stationed on the Republican, protecting Government surveys, will be instructed to scout that country thoroughly and to notify the commanding officer at Fort Kearny of the movements of any Indians toward Platte River route and the commanding officer at Fort Riley of any movements toward the Arkansas route. Any opportunity offering to effectively strike any of the hostile Indians, be sure to promptly do so. Friendly Indians will be encouraged to remain so, and every endeavor made to protect them. He should establish his post at the most feasible point in that country, and notify the commanding officer nearest to him of his location, reporting frequently to you any matters of importance transpiring with the Indians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, June 10, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Commanding District of the Plains:

GENERAL: That you may fully understand what movements of troops against Indians are being made south of you, I give you the information: There will leave here this week a regiment of cavalry to go out on the Republican, about due south of Plum Creek, to protect the surveyors finishing up Government surveys in that part of Kansas. They will scout that entire country thoroughly, and will be ordered to

