
advise Fort Kearny of any movements of Indians toward the Platte. An exploring party of 200 men will leave in two days, going up the Smoky Hill route to Denver, following that stream to its head, scouting each side fully. General Ford has put a post just north of his district, near north bend of Republican, and near Fort Riley and Fort Kearny road, in vicinity of Chalk Bluffs and the Salt Marshes. He will also move in three columns south of the Arkansas against the Comanches, Kiowas, and other bands in that direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Fort Leavenworth, June 14, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General FORD,

Commanding District of Upper Arkansas;

GENERAL: I inclose a communication from General Carleton. I telegraphed you as to what Colonel Leavenworth has done, but received no answer. Unless you have assurance that you will hear from these tribes in a few days you will move against them, whip them, and close the war, so far as they are concerned. You are authorized after this is done to make an informal treaty for the cessation of hostilities, and appoint a place for me, or such person as the Government may designate, to meet them. The columns should be 500 strong, and the movement a final one. The columns should be in communication with each other as often as possible. Move in such manner that no large body of Indians can get behind you. Report by telegraph what action you may take.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

[Appendix B.]

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 31, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

Following dispatch just sent me:

The Quartermaster and Commissary Generals report requisitions of such magnitude coming from Leavenworth as to alarm them. Look into them, and stop all unnecessary expenditures, and reduce necessary orders to actual requirements. Returns show a cavalry force in the Department of the Missouri which it would seem might be materially reduced. Look into this matter also.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Numbers requisitions for stores required in this department must be sent to Washington without coming through these headquarters. I cannot too strongly impress upon you the necessity of reducing both troops and supplies in your command. You don't understand the pressure from Washington on this subject. I rely upon you to reduce everything at once to the lowest possible necessity, and of relieving for muster out every man you can. Don't permit any requisitions for supplies to be made except through this office. Telegraph me at once what effective force you have in your command, both cavalry and infantry, mounted and dismounted. I don't want exact returns, but want to know as near as you can.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

