HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 7, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

It is not the purpose to interfere with your expeditions until they are over; but there is also a determination not to keep on the plains or elsewhere in your command this winter a large force than is designated in my instructions of August 1. Please bear this in mind and hurry on your expeditions so that they will finish this season. I have sent copy of your letter of 2nd instant to General Grant, but have no idea that will change the purpose of the Government to reduce troops and supplies on the plains. I hear from several sources unpleasant news about General Connor's doings. Look into this matter carefully. I am loath to believe anything to his discredit.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

COUNCIL BLUFFS, IOWA, August 7, 1865.

Major General JON POPE, Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Connor sent following in answer to you dispatch about troops, supplies, &amp;c.:

HORSE SHOE, July 31, 1865.

I fear they do not understand in Washington what the necessities of the service are here. I require a great many more supplies than I have troops, as the nature of the services keeps troops moving from posts far distant from each other, and it is difficult to move stores in the winter. Unless I can end this war this fall the present force will have to be kept up or the white people leave the country.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

There has been a terrible rise in the Platte within a day or two; bridges gone, &c. Has General Sanborn been stopped? He expected to come to some understanding with the chiefs in to-morrow's meeting, and was to have his troops there that they might see and appreciate his power.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

CAMP MITCHELL, August 28, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Under your instructions of August 1, I have ordered to Fort Leavenworth from this line four regiments of cavalry, one regiment of infantry (Second U. S. Volunteers), and there are two more to go as soon as I can relieve them. I cannot tell until I reach Fort Laramie whether this brings the force within your letter of August 1, or not. Most of these regiments are on march in. Second U. S. Volunteers, marches on arrival of Fifth U. S. Volunteers, now en route from Fort Riley.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 11, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

The Government is so anxious about reducing expenses that we must break up every post in Southern Kansas not absolutely necessary. I

