
tracts in Utah. The general's and your own instructions will be implicitly obeyed. I hope on my return to give such explanations as will be deemed satisfactory.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

[Appendix D.]

FORT LARAMIE, July 27, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

One thousand Indians attacked Platte Station on Tuesday; been fighting two days. Lieutenant Collins, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry, and 25 men, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, killed; 9 wounded. Bodies scalped and horribly mutilated. Note picked up on the field to-day, evidently written by a prisoner, who stated that he was captured on the Platte; states that the Indians say that they do not want peace and expect an increase of 1,000 more to their force. They are now three miles west destroying telegraph line. The left column is now en route there; the balance will leave in two days. I start for Plate Bridge myself Saturday. I respectfully ask that something be done to hurry contractors. Ammunition transferred to contractors months since, and of which I am short, has not arrived. I start on my expedition with scant supply of stores and many barefooted horses.

P. E. CONNOR,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LARAMIE, August 7, 1865.

Major J. W. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Leavenworth:

Two hundred Cheyenne Indians attacked station near Big Laramie on 1st instant, killing 4 men and 1 woman, and taking as prisoners 1 woman, aged fifteen years, and 1 girl baby, aged two years- a fate worse than death. Also made a break on Little Laramie, stealing 13 Government horses and losing 4 killed. All available cavalry in that sections in pursuit. Indians supposed to be portion of same band that made fight at Platte Bridge few days ago. Michigan horses jaded so as to be worthless for pursuit. Have now one non-commissioned officer and thirteenth men at each station from Collins to Sulphur Springs, a distance of 275 miles. Stage company refuses to put stock on road, and the mails are still carried, tri-weekly, by Government teams. Under no circumstances while any troops are left on road will mail be permitted to stop. It is a shame, when emigrant and freighters travel the road daily without escorts, that the stage company, when afforded all the protection necessary, is afraid to run their stock. No difficulty exists now to prevent a daily mail if stage company would do its share of the work. Commanding officer South Sub-District has just returned from the road and so reports. Eleventh Kansas City is relieved and on road to Kearny.

GEO. F. PRICE,

Captain and Acting Adjutant-General.

(In absence of General Connor.)

