
FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 27, 1865.

Major-General SANBORN,

Fort Riley, via Lawrence:

In answer to your dispatch from Colonel Leavenworth and arrival of those Indians, I have forwarded the dispatch, and as soon as telegraph lines are up hope to get an answer, with instructions. I think you should push out your columns as directed, and let them meet you in their country, and if you think you can make an agreement with them, as I have heretofore directed, you can do so. If not, fight them. I have no faith in their continual application for peace. It has been this way for three months, and they continue to rob and steal. If they are in earnest let them deliver up the stolen Government stock and property, then we are willing to carry out our part of the agreement. They must also agree to control their entire tribes, keep off our lines of communication, and desist entirely from any and every act of hostility, and the Government will send persons to finish the matter, and I will meet them at such places and time as can be agreed upon and a final treaty can be made. The place to meet them is in their own country where they are, and let them see our power. I shall leave here in two weeks for Laramie, Denver, and then to Fort Lyon, and so back to Riley. I shall be in telegraphic communication all the time so you can advise me what is going on.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 28, 1865.

Major-General DODGE:

If possible to make reliable treaty of peace with Comanches, Kiowas, &amp;c., do so. Sanborn had best see for himself what truth there is in Leavenworth's report is true, then a place to meet these Indians should be at once arranged and notification given me, that commissioners might be on hand in time.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, July 29, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE:

Do you think I had better recall General Sanborn? It takes ten days now to reach him. He has been gone nearly a week, and his columns must be all south of the Arkansas River. I put no faith in any treaty made with any of those Indians until they are whipped and made to give up stolen stock. It appears to me a treaty now is a bid for them to commence again as soon as we take our troops off. General Sanborn, as I have given him full instructions and told him to settle the matter before he returns.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

