
SAINT LOUIS, MO., July 29, 1865.

Major-General DODGE,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Your instruction to General Sanborn are all right. Of course he is not to be held back.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

[Appendix G.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, August 4, 1865.

General MITCHELL:

As General Dodge is supposed to have left Leavenworth, you will please send the following confidential dispatch to General Sanborn by special messenger, with orders to make all special and direction, and orders by him to post commanders to furnish necessary aid and escort.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, August 4, 1865.

Major-General SANBORN,

Commanding Expedition against Comanches, &amp;c., in the Field:

Upon receipt of this orders suspend movements against Comanches, Kiowas, &c. Place your command in camp at a convenient point near where this order finds you until further orders. Endeavor to communicate with Indians by messenger to propose council, to meet October 1, at some point to be hereafter designated. Acknowledge receipt.

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

[Appendix H.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,In the Field, on the Big Turkey, August 17, 1865.

Major General G. M. DODGE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, &c., Fort Leavenworth:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in pursuance of telegraphic orders from Major-General Pope, dated August 4, 1865, and received at Fort Larned at 11 p. m. on the 7th instant, I addressed a communication (see copy inclosed, marked A) to the chiefs of the hostile tribes and forwarded the same to the mouth of the Little Arkansas, at which place the chiefs and headmen of these tribes were assembled. Placing the troops in camp as directed, I proceeded in person toward the above point. On the 13th instant I received a note from Colonel Leavenworth in reply to my communication, marked A as above, in which he stated that he saw no other way but for me to come to that point and see the Indians myself. I accordingly proceeded to that place with a small escort, arriving on the 15th instant. I was cordially received by the chiefs of the respective tribes, who manifested the strongest desire for peace. An agreement for the cessation of hostilities was entered into between them and myself, a copy of which is herewith inclosed, marked B. I have no doubt but that this terminates the difficulties between the Government and the tribes of the plains

