
south of the Arkansas River. I think this command may now safely be reduced by 2,000 men, and by as many more as soon as the final arrangement for perpetual peace is made with these tribes, as provided in the agreement above referred to. These chiefs think that as soon as the hostile tribes on the Platte are informed of their having made peace they will also cease hostilities, and agreed to communicate with them by runners at once. Colonel J. H. Leavenworth, U. S. Indian agent, is justly entitled to the credit of bringing about this personal interview with these chiefs at so early a day. I am now on my way to Fort Riley. We have been compelled to swim horses and men every five to ten miles since we left Fort Zarah coming east, and have not been able to move the train beyond this point.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF UPPER ARKANSAS,In the Field, Fort Larned, Kans., August 9, 1865.

To the CHIEFS AND HEADMEN OF THE APACHE, ARAPAHO, CHEYENNE, COMANCHE, AND KIOWA TRIBES:

I am here with a large military force ready to enter your country if peace is not made without this movement. Colonel Leavenworth, your agent, says that you have already ceased hostilities and are ready to meet the proper officers of the United States Government, and enter into permanent peace obligations. I desire you to communicate to me by the present of this dispatch whether this statement of Colonel Leavenworth is correct, and if so, to state when and when and where you will meet me with a view of making arrangements for a cessation of hostilities on both sides, and also to make an arrangement for a convention on the 1st day of October next, between you and such officers or persons as the President of the United States may designate for that purpose, to make and enter into treaties of perpetual peace between your tribes and the Government of the United States. Full protection will be given to any peace. You are requested to give full protection to the bearer of this dispatch and to return an answer without delay.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brevet Major General, U. S. Vols., Commanding Dist of Upper Arkansas.

[Inclosure B.]

Be it know to all that we, the chiefs and headmen of the Apache, Comanche, and Kiowa tribes of Indians of the Upper Arkansas, and the Aproahoes now south of the Arkansas River, have agreed, and do hereby agree, with our agent, Colonel J. H. Leavenworth, and with Bvt. Major General John B. Sanborn, commanding the District of Upper Arkansas, to cease all acts of violence or injury to the frontier settlements and to the traveler on the Santa Fe road and other lines of travel, and to remain at peace. We further agree to meet and council on the 4th day of October, 1865, at Bluff Creek, about forty miles south of the Little Arkansas, with suchsioners as the President of the United States may appoint for a perpetual peace between the Government of the United States and our various tribes; and we further agree

