
or four posts on that line, and those with a small force. What number of troops do you estimate will needed, and at what points? Should not Fort Dodge or some of the posts be moved up on the Smoky Hill route? Answer to Fort Laramie.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

[Appendix J.]

Verbatim copy of a message left by a band of Indians on a wooden paddle stuck up in their trail, upon which troops were at the time following them:

Chief Kill Bear-Indian rapoe, shian and sacs, crows and snakes, camanch, ciwas blackfot, ten ten company of Indian all gather and fights the wites. Es Indians watching this road and going home in two or three days and come up the road again and all he road again. Chief wants pieces again, get back them to Indian prisoners in Denver. We have got four company of Indians around this mountain watching the road. And the whites killed one shian at carney, and watching to days and to Indians killed twenty-six children. four wagons burn them in the fire. The Governs in the State wat catch that governer in denver and killed him and make piece and catch him quick and killed him, and they have got to shian boys in denvr. want them back and make peice again.

[Appendix K.]

DENVER, October 2, 1865.

Brevet Major-General WHEATON,

Fort Laramie:

I will send to you Big Ribs and some of his head Sioux. Consult with General Connor. Send them out to the Cheyennes and Sioux, inviting them into Fort Connor or Laramie, as you deem best, for a talk for cessation of hostilities and final peace. Any that have gone to Missouri River for that purpose let them go, but get in all that are left, provided they fell disposed to settle now. You can say to them that if they do not come in and settle what they have had is only a taste of what they will get this winter, for that you will give them no rest. You and General Connor can fix this. What I want is to settle with them before they discover our force on the plains. You can also say that all Indians south have made peace Include what General Connor knows about Arapahoes. Show Big Ribs the forces you have and impress upon him your power. Will start Big Ribs for Fort Laramie in a day or two.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

[Appendix L.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 29, 1865.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Saint Louis:

The Quartermaster and Commissary Generals report requisitions of such magnitude coming from Leavenworth as to alarm them. Look into them, and stop all unnecessary expenditures, and reduce necessary orders to actual requirements. Returns show a cavalry force in Department of Missouri which it would seem might be materially reduced. Look into this matter.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

