
FORT Leavenworth, July 31, 1865.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Fort Laramie:

You will see from General Pope's dispatch that Government thinks we are making too much cost. Your estimates are very large. You aks for supplies for 17,000 men. We will not be able to keep over half that number on the plains this winter. All supplies have gone forward except for Utah. Supplies for 2,500 men are waiting to go there. Do you not think that we had better let Utah rest on supplies for 2,500 men? That is as many as you will be able to get there this winter.

G. M. DODGE,

Major-General.

Numbers 2.

Reports of Colonel Nelson Cole, Second Missouri Light Artillery, commanding Eastern Division.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., February 10, 1867.

General U. S. GRANT,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Herewith inclosed I have the honor to forward a copy of my report of the operations of the Eastern Division, Indian Expedition, for July, August, September, and October, 1865. This report was made shortly after the return of the Eastern Division, Indian Expedition, but after Brigadier-General Connor had forwarded his report, and on the supposition that it was never forwarded, I sent this copy, revised, as it is more in detail than the first report made to General Connor and upon which he made his official report, and presuming that it may contain information that may be of some value to the Government.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

N. COLE,

Late Colonel Second Missouri Light Artillery, Commanding Eastern Division, Indiana Expedition.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS EASTERN DIVISION, POWDER RIVER INDIANA EXPEDITION.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the Eastern Division, Powder River Indiana Expedition, during its campaign of July, August, September, and part of October, A. D 1865.:

The command was organized at Omaha City, Nebr. Ter., and consisted of eight companies of my regiment, the Second Missouri Light Artillery (equipped as cavalry), and eight companies of the Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, numbering about 1,400, rank and file, with a train of 140 six-mule wagons. My artillery consisted of one section of 3-inch rifled guns, manned by men of the Second Missouri Light Artillery. Much difficulty was experienced in procuring suitable transportation to accompany the command, and very considerable delay in the movement of the column was occasioned thereby. Most of the mules furnished were unbroken and from two to four years old, utterly unfit for the service required of them, bu no others could be procured, whilst the teamsters were in the main worthless. The time from June 20 to

