
Fur Company trail, used by General Harney in 1855, and followed it across the river and almost entirely through the "Les Mauvaise Terres," when, leaving it to our right, we continued direct to the South Fork on the Cheyenne River. The crossing of the White Earth River was rendered very difficult by recent rains, which having submerged the banks mampassably miry, compelling the construction of corduroy roads before the trains could be gotten over. Here, not far from camp, was discovered the trail of a small party of Indians, indicating the recent passage of some roving band. In the bed of the White Earth there was but little quicksand; the water almost too muddy for use. Cottonwood was plenty in all the bends of the stream. On the passage through the "Bad Lands" no water fit for use was found save at Ash Spring, where some old holes were cleaned out, which afforded sufficient for the time. On the South Fork of the Cheyenne there were limited quantities of grass, but wood and water in abundance. It was here necessary to pull the wagons up the high bluffs with drag-ropes to attain a high plateau over which our route now took its way. To purpose this and to give the animals rest I lay here two days, moving hence August 11.

Moving North westwardly from here over a high rolling country we crossed quite a number of sinking creeks, tributaries to the forks of the Cheyenne, arriving at Bear Butte on the 14th instant. In all these creek beds water had to be dug for or was found standing in stagnant pools. In none save Bear Butte Creek was there living, running water. By scattering the stock over an extensive area forage was obtained in sufficient quantity for a night at each camp. The soil was apparently very good, whilst in the bottom land the timber was very dense. Around Bear Butte the soil was excellent and the grass the finest seen during the campaign. There had been, it was evident from appearances, no rain for some time, yet in the branches of Bear Butte Creek there was sufficient water for all our purposes, and from indications it would seem they were seldom or never entirely dry. From here I moved to the northwest, intending to reach the valley of the Belle Fourche River (North Fork of Cheyenne) and follow it up same distance. On arriving at White Wood Creek, one of its tributaries, I found a more practicable route to the west, and pursuing it, reached a mountain stream called by the traders Red Water. The road was excellent, scarcely any work being required on it. The bottom lands along White Wood Creek were filled with oak, box elder, and cottonwood; grass was abundant. From here to Red Water occasional groves of scrub oak were met with and the bluffs were dotted with pines and cedars. Pine, cedar, scrub oak, cottonwood, and box elder was very abundant along the valley and on the liming bluffs of the Red Water. These bottom lands are apparently rich in soil and with the advantage of good water power which the stream affords must some time be valuable for farming purposes. Here one of my guides found float rock which he called silver bloo experience in metallurgy I could not decide as to his correctness. The most prominent among the different strata of rock composing the bluffs were red sandstone, and gypsum, the former being the principal, the latter lying mostly in heavy deposits on the foothills. The general features of the country change but little from Red Water, to the North Cheyenne. Broken, rocky ridges, crowned with pines, alternating with narrow valleys, containing many small creek beds, follow each other in quick succession. While camped in one of these valleys on Pine Creek Lieutenant-Colonel Walker, Sixteenth Kansas Cavalry, with a small party, rode into my

24 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

