
place of descent could be found. That this rough, broken region could be traversed after being attained seemed impossible; in no event could an attempt to reach the river that night be a success. This being patent I moved into the valley of O'FALLON's Creek, near its source, and fortunately discovered a small pool, containing possibly half a dozen barrels of brackish water, which the buffalo had been within a short time wallowing in. The intense heat of the day, along the dust laden air, had created too strong at thirst among the men to hesitate at drinking the water discovered, although it was impregnated with the excrement of these animals. Of forage there was none to be had, and the stock had to be tied up the entire night without At 3 o'clock of the next morning I moved to the edge of the bluffs at another point than that at which I had struck it the day before. After some search my guides discovered an Indian tepee train leading down to the lower plain. By cutting along it and across divides and through canons I was enabled to get the trains advanced about three miles by night. To accomplish this it was necessary to station men on the sides of the hills with ropes to steady the wagons, which frequently threatened to overset upon the mules or slide sideways down over the numerous precipices along the brinks of which they were compelled to pass. After getting the train thus far along I left them with a guard and moved the men, with all the animals, to the river for the purpose of reaching water and grass, of which the stock was so much in need. The day was intensely hot, and the great labor of working through canons and over masses of rock, together with the excessive dust, intensified the weariness and exhaustion of the entire command, rendering this step imperative. I reached the valley at a point about fifty miles from the Yellowstone River, striking a bend in the river heavily covered with timber. Of grass there was plenty in the timber, but scarcely any in the open ground, with one on the hills. The valley is narrow, not exceeding two miles in width, bounded by a barren waste of rugged hills, from which numbers of veins of coal outcrop. Sage bottoms line the stream, save in the timbered bends; on them no vestige of vegetation appears beyond sage brush, grease wood, and prickly pear. The bed of the stream is here from sixty to seventy yards in width, and is quicksandy. The water was at apparently a medium stage and the river easily forded. On the following day, August 29, the mules were sent out and train moved in. My instructions from General Connor, received July 12, on the Loup Fork of Platte River, by special messenger, directed me to proceed to Panther Mountains, at the northeast base of which, on Tongue River, I should find a depot of supplies. My rations were by this time nearly exhausted, and it was necessary to communicate with General Connor as soon as possible to procure more. The expedite this I sent Lieutenant Hoagland, Second Missouri Light Artillery, with Richmond, my most reliable guide, and a detachment of twenty men, to scout across the Tongue River to ascertain the best route by which to move the column; also to find, if possible, at what point General Connor was lying with his command. I also deemed it in order to inform him of my whereabouts as soon as possible, to relieve him from any apprehensions he might have relative to the arrival of my column, as in his telegram of July 5 he implied that my command was behind time.

The scouting party left cam on the afternoon of August 29, and returned September 1, about 3 p. m., having stopped to rest but a few hours of the time absent. They had governed themselves in their movements strictly according to my instructions, given from information

