
been during their late campaign. The total absence of tools naturally caused some speculation as to the cause of the detail. As the mystery was transparent, it is well enough to add that the ragged and barefooted veterans spent the allotted time at the designated place, tools or no tools.

The loss of my command in the several engagements with the Indians was as follows: Second Missouri Light Artillery, 9 killed, 1 missing, 1 officer wounded; Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, 3 killed, 1 missing. I estimate the loss of the Indians from 200 to 500 killed and wounded, and a large number of ponies killed and captured. October 7, I received an order dissolving the Powder River Indian Expedition, so-called, and immediately issued an order relinquishing a command of the Eastern Division and directing the commanding officer Twelfth Missouri Cavalry to report to Brevet Major-General Wheaton, commanding District of Nebraska, holding my own regiment subject to subsequent orders.

Before clothing my report I desire to mention certain officers of my command whose gallantry entitles them to such notice: Captain E. S. Rowland, Second Missouri Light Artillery, who with a detachment of but seven men pursued and fought a band of Indians numbering more than fifty, who, after all his men were either killed or wounded, single-handed fought and killed a number of his savage enemies. I would respectfully request that he be recommended for a brevet rank of major. Captain N. Boardman, Second Missouri Light Artillery, to whose skill the prompt construction of crossings of gulches, creeks, and rivers is due, and whose gallant management of his company in the engagements of the 5th and 8th of September marked him as a reliable officer deserving of more than ordinary notice. I would most respectfully request that he be recommended for the rank of brevet major. Of First Lieutenant A. S. Hoagland, Second Missouri Light Artillery, in whose immediate charge were the commissary and quartermaster trains, for whose energetic management and prompt protection against pilfering from them by famished, hungry men at a time when rations were in a most reduced condition, I cannot speak too highly. His indefatigable labors contributed greatly to the rapidity of our movements and caused the saving of much Government property that would otherwise have been lost or destroyed. I would respectfully request that he be breveted captain.

Of the members of my staff all deserve the highest praise, especially Lieutenant George R. Thorne, acting assistant quartermaster and acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant Fred. Amsden, Signal Corps, C. S. Army; Captain J. W. McMurray, First Missouri Light Artillery, and Mr. L. G. Bennett, civil engineer, acting engineer of my brigade. Lieutenant Thorne, my quartermaster, is entitled to much credit for industry displayed in the excessively hurried organization of the trains for the expedition, as well as for their management during the arduous campaign of months under the most trying circumstances. Lieutenant Fred. Amsden, Signal Corps, U. S. Army, I found to be a courteous young officer ever ready for the performance of any duty and possessing the intelligence and experience necessary to do it well. I would respectfully recommend him for the brevet rank of captain. To the untiring energy and devotion to his profession of Mr. L. G. Bennett, my engineer officer, is due the accurate record of the valuable information of the region passed over. Constantly moving, he by observation made himself thoroughly familiar with the topography of the country, and gleaned much in relation to the mineralogy along the route. Captain J. W. MacMurray, First Missouri Light Artillery, was detached from duty as

