
I arrived with my trains on the 20th instant. My loss in the several engagement with the Indians is as follows: Twelfth Missouri Cavalry, 3 killed, 1 missing; Second Missouri Light Artillery, 5 killed, 1 officer slightly wounded, 4 men (3 since died), I missing. I estimate the loss of the Indians at from 200 to 500 killed and wounded and a large number of ponies killed and captured. I am now encamped about two miles below Fort Connor, with three-fourths of my command dismounted. Most of my men are nearly barefooted and all are suffering for clothing and unless supplied soon must feel most severely the approaching fall storms. My animals are rapidly losing flesh and strength, as the grass since the frosts have struck it seems worthless to do them any good. Since leaving Omaha I have marched my command a distance of about 1,050 miles, over a country mostly unknown and unexplored.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. COLE,

Colonel 2nd Mo., Light Arty., Commanding Eastern Div., Indiana Expedition.

Brigadier General P. E. CONNOR,

Commanding District of the Plains.

Numbers 3. Report of Colonel Oliver Wells, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry. HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH MISSOURI CAVALRY, Fort Connor, Powder River, September 20, 1865.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders of Colonel Cole, commanding Eastern District, Indian Expedition, directing me to forward this afternoon a statement of the operations of my regiment during the expedition, I have the honor to transmit the following:

From the 1st of July, the date on which the command moved out from Omaha, until the present I have marched with and under the immediate orders of the colonel commanding, having in no instance been detached from the command. My reports can, therefore, simply comprehend the skirmish in which the regiment has been engaged with the Indians, and our losses in men and property, resulting from casualties and the privations of the march. On the 1st of September, the command being on the east side of Powder River a portion of one company met a party of Indians about from camp on our back trail. But little firing was done. The Indians scattered and our men did not pursue, owing to the inferiority of our horses. The officer reports one Indian shot and having fallen from his horse. On the same day the Second Missouri Artillery encountered the Indians on the opposite side of the River. On the 4th of September the Indians attacked a lieutenant and fourteen men, who had been sent to the camp of the previous day on Powder River, and followed him to the command. My whole regiment was engaged in skirmishing this day, in front, in rear, and on our flank, yet I would judge were over 150 Indians at this time in the whole party, their manner of fighting and irregular movements making it very difficult to judge. On the following morning the Indians appeared on the bluffs in front and rear, and in the valley on both flanks of the camp. An irregular skirmishing was kept up for two or three hours before the command moved out, and the artil-

