
lery was brought to bear upon some points occupied by the enemy. Their number at this time was variously estimated at from 500 to 2,000 men. We lost 2 men killed and had 1 man severely wounded. I have no satisfactory evidence that over 4 or 5 Indians were killed by my command. Major Landgraeber, second Missouri Artillery, in command of the rear guard, had a brisk engagement after the troops had vacated the camp and I believe some 7 or 8 Indians were left dead on the ground. On the 7th of September a party of our hunters met about thirty or forty Indians. One of our men was killed and two Indians left dead on the ground in the hands of our men, and another, believed to be mortally wounded, was carried off by his party. The advance encountered the Indians in considerable numbers on the 8th of September, but I was this day in the rear in charge of the train, and my men were not engaged. On the 10th the Indians nearly enveloped the camp as the command moved out, and followed on our flank and rear until about noon. But little was accomplished, however, and much useless firing was done. The Indians had this day four or five good muskets. One of our men was slightly wounded and three Indians were shot, but carried off by their comrades. Our total loss from the 1st is 3 men killed and 1 man missing. That of the enemy, as far as I know, 11 Indians killed. The loss of stock in my regiment has been severe, amounting to 156 horses and 102 mules died, or abandoned and shot. We have lost none by the Indians. I have still on hand 131 horses in poor condition and 19 six-mules teams in good condition.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

OLIVER WELLS,

Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Missouri Cavalry.

Lieutenant WILLIAM BRETHOLD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4. Report of Major Clemes Landgraeber, Second Missouri Light Artillery. HDQRS. SECOND BATT., SECOND MISSOURI LIGHT ARTY., In the Field, near Fort Connor, Dak., Ter., September 20, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with Special Orders, No. -, headquarters Eastern Division, Indian Expedition, dated July 12, 1865, I assumed command of the Second Battalion, Second Missouri Light Artillery, acting as cavalry, and consisting of Batteries B, C, E, and M of said regiment and have marched from the Loup Fork River, Nebr. Ter., through Nebraska, Wyoming, Montana to this point on Powder River, Dak. Ter., a distance of nearly 1,200 miles, and have participated in the following engagements, viz: First, September 1, on Powder River, in which part of my command, was engaged; second, on the evening of the 4th of September; third, on the morning of the 5th, when we were again attacked by the Indians and fought them three hours, at which time the command was ordered to march. My battalion, being detailed as rear guard, succeeded in protecting the train, and fighting the entire force of Indians for four hours, killing many and wounding many more, who succeeded in making their escape. Among the killed was one Indian chief. As soon as he was killed the fighting ceased on the part of the Indians. Lieutenant H. L. Kelley, of Battery B, being wounded during the engagement was

