
the only casualty on our side. On the afternoon of the 8th September we were again engaged five hours by a superior force, supposed to have been near 3,000 or 4,000; we were again victorious and went into camp near the battle-field. During he night the weather suddenly changed and a rain set in and turned very cold and chilled and killed more than half the stock of my command. It reduced my stock so much that I was forced to abandon and destroy a quantity of ordnance, stores and quartermaster's property, such as saddles, bridles, men's clothing, officer's trunks, for want of transportation. The 20th of September arrived at the fort, having lost nearly all my stock and much of my quartermaster's properly and ordnance stores. The health of my command has been generally good, except suffering for the want of proper food and clothing. I herewith inclose the official reports of commanding officers of batteries, showing the loss of property and giving an account of the operations of their respective companies.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLEM. LANDGRAEBER,

Major, Commanding Second Battalion, Second Missouri Light Artillery.

Colonel N. COLE,

Commanding Eastern Division, Indian Expedition.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain Samuel Flagg, Battery E, Second Missouri Light Artillery, commanding Battery B. HDQRS. BATTERY B, SECOND MISSOURI LIGHT ARTY., In the Field, near Fort Connor, September 20, 1865.

Battery B, mounted and equipped as cavalry, 135 commissioned officers and enlisted men strong, with 109 horses and 13 mules, forming part of an expedition under command of Colonel Nelson Cole, left Omaha City July 1, 1865, marching in a northwest direction. Private William Dunbar deserted July 3, 1865. Private James Craig deserted July 13, stealing two horses fully equipped. On the night of July 14, while camped on the bank of Loup Fork, by some cause unknown a general stampede lost five horses. August 8, left two horses, unfit for traveling, on the road. On the 10th of same month left one crippled mare. August 20, Private J. Clark died in hospital, of scurvy; 25th of same month Private Christian Sentf died of same disease. In the evening of September 1, while camped near Powder River, the band was attacked by a band of 200 or 300 hostile Indians. Next day while marching down Powder River, the stock having suffered much from want of forage, the company lost 9 horses, and 3 mules. September 3, burned all ordnance and quartermaster's stores that could be spared, being unable to carry it for want of transportation. September 4, Private H. Grove died of scurvy. In the evening of same day were attacked by some 700 or 800 Indians. In the morning of September 5 were attacked by about 900 Indians of different tribes, who, after some severe fighting, were repulsed, Second Lieutenant H. L. Kelley being slightly wounded. During the night of September 8 lost 30 head of horses and 7 mules from cold. On the 9th were obliged to burn tents, men's clothing officer's transportation, papers, desk, &amp;c., and ordnance stores, for want of transportation. On the 8th, in a bend of Powder

25 R R-VOL XLVIII, PT I

