
River, were attacked by a band of from 2,000 to 3,000 Indians, who were repulsed, with heavy loss. On the 11th received twenty-four head of horses of Company K, out of which number lost ten. Some were butchered, rations being very low. On the 16th of September Private F. Hacke was accidently shot. In the evening of September 19 the company arrived at Fort Connor. Besides burning quartermaster's stores, burned one wagon and abandoned another at Little Powder River, it being worn out and broken.

I am, respectfully,

SAML. FLAGG,

Captain, Second Missouri Light Artillery, Commanding Battery B.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant William Rinne, Battery C, Second Missouri Light Artillery. OFFICE COMPANY C, SECOND MISSOURI ARTILLERY, In the Field, Powder River, Dak. Ter., September 20, 1865.

COLONEL: I have to report that seven U. S. horses were left on the road by exhaustion near Omaha, Nebr. Ter., on the 3rd day of July, and four horses were strayed by a stampede caused on the 15th of July. Three horses strayed from camp on the 17th of July. Private Nicolas Thomason, with one horse and equipment, was missing while detailed on flanking duty and was supposed captured by Indians on the 1st of August. One horse was left on the road by exhaustion on the 5th day of August. Three horses exhausted and left on the 13th; one on the 17th and one on the 18th of August. Four horses exhausted on the 23rd of August. Eight horses exhausted on the 28th day of August. Ten horses lost by exhaustion on the 4th of September. Twenty three horses lost by exhaustion through cold weather and starvation on the 9th day of September, 1865, and eight U. S. horses were lost during the cold weather in September through exhaustion besides the above specified, of which I cannot give a correct date for the present. In all I have lost during the expedition from the 1st day of July, 1865, to the present date the number of seventy-seven U. S. horses. The marches and other matters of importance connected with the expedition, together with the several engagement with hostile Indians and the sufferings of my men for want of clothing and provisions, I am at present for want of transportation.

WM. RINNE,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery C, Second Missouri Arty. Vols.

Colonel N. COLE,

Commanding Second Regiment Missouri Artillery Volunteers.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Louis Holland, Battery E, Second Missouri Light Artillery. CAMP IN THE FIELD, Near Fort Connor, September 20, 1865.

Battery E, Second Missouri Light Artillery, received orders at Little Rock, Ark., to proceed to Saint Louis, Mo., and report to headquarters

