
received orders from General Connor to report with the detachment to that post for duty. The order relieving me ordered Colonel Kidd, of the Sixth Michigan Cavalry, to furnish a suitable escort for the engineer party. In the engagement with Indians I have to report the following named men of my command killed: Orlando Sous* and Anthony Nelson, privates Company B, First Dakota Cavalry Volunteers; Nathaniel D. Hedges, citizen, and sutler for the expedition. Only a few were wounded, and those slightly.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. WILLIFORD,

Captain Fifth U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Detachment.

Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dist of the Plains,

Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter.

JUNE 24-30, 1865. - Operations about Rock Creek Station and Seven-Mile Creek, Dak. Ter.

Report of Captain Luther Wilson, First Colorado Cavalry.

FORT COLLINS, COLO. TER., June 30, 1865.

SIR: In compliance with instructions received from the colonel commanding South Sub-District of the Plains, I would respectfully make the following report upon the scout made by myself and thirty men of my command upon the route and vicinity of the Overland Mail Line:

Upon the evening of the 24th of June I received news of Indians being in the neighborhood of Stonewall Station, some twenty miles north of this post. I immediately proceeded to that point and found the rumor to be false. Hearing of trouble above I continued up the road to Rock Creek Station, where I ascertained the Indians had attempted to run off the stock, but were driven off after a sharp fight by the men at that point, under charge of Corporal Ashley. Whilst there news came in about Indians having run off the stock belonging to a train camped on Seven-Mile Creek, seven miles above Little Laramie. I mounted at once and started in pursuit. After a severe ride of about forty miles they were overtaken with the stock, all of which was recaptured, with the exception of one head that they lost before they were overtaken. The Indians by fast riding got away. Not deeming it prudent to proceed any farther, the command returned. Indians were seen in all directions, but we were not molested by them. Upon my arrival at Rock Creek I received orders to return to Fort Collins by coach. Whilst coming down the Indians could be seen on both sides of the road. Two men in a light wagon were run into Cooper's Creek Station by nine Indians, barely escaping the clutches of the red scoundrels. On reaching Virginia Dale I found a man by the name of James Enos, who, whilst not hunting, was fired upon by a party of Indians, supposed to be Arapahoes. He was severely wounded in the back by an arrow. It is the opinion of the surgeon he cannot live. I arrived at this post on the evening of the 30th of June, where I found Major Henry Nortoon, Sixth U. S. Volunteers, who has relieved me in the command of the post.

---------------

* Appears on muster-rolls as John Rouse.

---------------

