
an incident I would mention that I ran upon Mr. McCullum and McFarland, who reside at the first plantation below our pickets on the river road, near the junction of the State and Fordoche roads, in company with two Confederate soldiers. They were all armed, and were endeavoring to force a colored man down to the Atchafalaya, where they were going to sell him to be taken to Texas. Both the soldiers were captured, but the citizens escaped to the woods. On the night of the 14th some of Pryne's men attempted a little strategy in order to surprise and capture two men on outpost. They placed a white sheet over a horse, and then led him along up to the pickets, one man on each side. The disguised horse not looking so much like a cow as they imagined it would, the picket fired upon them, killing one instantly. The other escaped.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. CHRYSLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant O. A. RICE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 12-15, 1865. -Scout from Camp Grover to Texas Prairie, Mo.

Report of Captain Milton Burris, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.
HDQRS. COMPANY I, FIRST MISSOURI STATE MILITIA CAV.,Camp Grover, January 16, 1865.

SIR: By your direction I left Camp Grover at 2 a. m. on the 12th instant, which ninety-two men of the First and Seventh Missouri State Militia, and Lieutenants Berry and Phillips, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, and one wagon and team, with ammunition for Captain Meredith, First Missouri State Militia Cavalry. I arrived at Lexington at 11 o'clock same day, fed and rested there until 2 o'clock same day, then started in direction of Greenton, and after traveling three miles in that direction I divided my command and sent one-half the force, under Lieutenant Berry, Seventh Missouri State Militia Cavalry, in the direction of Wellington, with orders to scout the brush thoroughly as far west as Wellington, and report to me at Greenton the following evening. I with the other portion of the command scouted the brush northwest and south of Greenton thoroughly. I came upon two guerrillas near the guerrilla Rider's house. They made their escape by taking to the brush. Met two others in the road near Tucker's Mill. They made their escape similarly. The morning of the 14th I divided my command into four detachments and scoured the brush thoroughly from Greenton to Texas Prairie and to Chapel Hill. Saw three guerrillas near the Snibar Post-Office. Struck the trail of eight guerrillas and followed them into the brush south of Texas Prairie to a house where Clifton's and Watson's wives live. There they scattered and took to the brush in the Sni Hills. Found two horses at said house, one U. S. horse and one mare. Mare supposed to be contraband. Brought them into camp with me on the 15th. On this day turned them over to the proper authorities.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILTON BURRIS,

Captain Company I, First Cavalry Missouri State Militia.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding First Missouri State Militia Cavalry.

