
Hoping my action in the above will meet with your approval, I am, sir, with much respect, your obedient servant,

LUTHER WILSON,

Captain Co. D, Vet. Batt. First Colo. Cav., Commanding Company.

Lieutenant J. S. GRAHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

South Sub-District of the Plains, Denver, Colo. Ter.

JUNE 29, 1865. -Skirmish with Indians near Fort Dodge, Kans.

Report of Lieutenant Frederick Hubert, Fifth U. S. Volunteer Infantry.
HDQRS. DETACHMENT FIFTH U. S. VOLUNTEERS,Fort Dodge, July 1, 1865.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that on the 29th day of June, while en route for this post, at the hour of 2 p. m., about forty Indians charged upon one of the cattle herds belonging to a Mexican train, killing two Mexican herdsmen and scalping another, at some 600 yards distance from the line of pickets. As soon as the cry of Indians rang through the camp I had the mule herd driven in, formed my men for the defense of the camp, and doubled the pickets around it. The Indians, satisfied with the mischief done, struck across the road within two miles of camp and made for the River. They did not succeed in driving off any stock, notwithstanding the immense amount of stock in the command. The entire train consisted of 175 wagons and 150 head of loose stock. I am really sorry for the loss of the lives referred to above. If I had any means to pursue the devils they would not have gone away unpunished.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

F. HUBERT,

Lieutenant-Colonel KING,

Commanding Third Sub-District of Upper Arkansas.

JUNE 30, 1865- Skirmish with Indians at Rock Creek, Dak. Ter.

Report of Colonel Carroll H. Potter, Sixth U. S. Volunteer Infantry.
HDQRS. SOUTH SUB-DISTRICT OF THE PLAINS,Denver, Colo. Ter., July 3, 1865.

Have just received report from Mr. Spotswood, agent Overland Mail Company, from Big Laramie, which says that on the 30th day of June the Indians ran off sixty head of cattle from Rock Creek and killed one soldier. Also at Willow Springs Station they have stolen all the stock belonging to stage company, with one Government horse. He Lieutenant C. E. Lowes, who I sent up the road. I shall use every endeavor with the troops I have on the road to open it again. If the companies of cavalry have arrived at Camp Collins they will be a great help.

C. H. POTTER,

Colonel Sixth U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE F. PRICE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Dist of the Plains, Fort Laramie, Dak. Ter.

