
manding that in my opinion the Indians would gather in the locality mentioned in this extract, and also recommended a permanent force on the Republican, as suggested.

Respectfully forward through headquarters District of Upper Arkansas.

THE SECOND COMING.

It affords us especial gratification to announce that His Excellency Governor Evans has received positive assurance from the proper authority that the Second Regiment of Colorado Volunteers shall be sent to the plains to join in the Indian campaign. They are already in Kansas a portion of them at least as far west as Fort Riley, and the probabilities are they will at once advance into the Indian country. They are veterans, well appointed and equipped, and will prove a powerfully effective force against the redskins. They are exactly at the right starting point and at the right time. Their recent terrible defeat on Sandy Creek has driven the savages eastward upon the Lower Smoky Hill and Republican Rivers. The Second is near where the two unite to form the Kansas, and can at once move up one or the other or both of their valleys. A prompt movement will doubtless enable them to give the red devils another sound trouncing, which will effectually close the Indian war between the Platte and Arkansas. Another step that cannot be undertaken a moment too soon is the establishment of a strong military post in that middle country. A good fort, well garrisoned, with a cavalry force, on the Smoky Hill or Republican Rivers, would at once break up the Indian rendezvous thereabouts, and drive those who are hostile beyond the two great rivers. We wonder that the War Department has so long overlooked the necessity for its establishment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. HENNING,

Major, Third Wis. Cav. Vols., Commanding Detach. Third Wis. Cav. Vols.
HEADQUARTERS EASTERN SUB-DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Fort Kearny, Nebr. Ter., January 2, 1865.

Major C. S. CHARLOT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

(Through headquarters District of Nebraska.)

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of military operations in this sub-district for the month of December, 1864. *

The inclemency of the weather and the serious deficiency in clothing have to great extent prevented the troops of this command from making as extended reconnaissances as I desired. It is to be regretted that a full supply of clothing for the men could not be obtained in due season. You will observe that the detachments sent out agree in discovering trails and signs of Indians as they approach the Solomon River; and although no camp of hostile Indians has been found, I am convinced that a large encampment of Cheyennes is on or near the South Branch of that River. The following is a resume of scouts had during the month of December: 8th, 1864, Captain Thomas J. Majors, First Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, commanding post Plum Creek, Nebr. Ter., reports that a train of three wagons, eighteen men, was attacked at sundown by about 100 Indians six miles east of that post. Men took refuge in a deserted ranch and repulsed the Indians. Sent Captain S. M. Curran, Company E, First Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, with the squadron to the scene of the affair. Indians fled south and command returned. December 13, 1864, Captain S. M. Curran, Company E, First Nebraska Cavalry Veteran Volunteers, Plum Creek,

See also Itinerary Vol. XLI, Part I, p. 980.

